Lithium citrate is a major chemical ingredient used in mood stabilizing drugs manufactured around the globe. It is a water-soluble, granular, white, crystalline powder which also dissolves slightly in alcohol. Lithium citrate is prepared as a solution from citric acid and lithium hydroxide in the form of di-lithium citrate. It is commonly employed in specific medications for people suffering mania, depression, and abnormal moods classified under a mental illness termed as the bipolar disorder. Lithium, as an element, is also found in primary food sources such as vegetables, grains, and drinking water. It is a vital macronutrient needed for proper functioning of the brain. However, lithium deficiency is not yet acknowledged around the world. Medical studies have proved that low lithium intakes from food and water is associated with increasing rates of homicides, suicides, drug abuse, and other crimes.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=24431
According to the National Institute of Health, lithium medications are effectively used for treatment and possibly prevention of mania, which is often described as an abnormally excited or depressed mood. Lithium citrate is defined as an anti-manic agent in a class of drugs, which work by decreasing abnormal activity in the brain. Medication is generally a long-term process and often also prescribed for impulse control disorders, schizophrenia, blood disorders, schizoaffective disorders, and mental illnesses in children. Dosage is strictly monitored and the prescribed dose varies from one person to another, depending on the phase of the illness. Generally, bipolar disorder is treated with other additional drugs, resulting in varying dosages of lithium citrate.
Lithium citrate is generally used in the form of liquids syrups, capsules, tablets, and extended-release tablets and consumed orally. These medications may also lead to side effects. Regular blood tests are recommended to check thyroid or kidney functioning which could be affected. Usage of lithium citrate should also be avoided during pregnancy. Common symptoms of lithium citrate toxicity include vomiting, diarrhea, muscular weakness, drowsiness, and lack of coordination. Mild nausea and general discomfort may also be observed during the first few days of medication. Lithium citrate is extensively employed in a variety of processes carried out in the pharmaceuticals, nutritional supplements, and medical drug research industries as also to maintain healthy brain functioning in humans.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/lithium-citrate-market.html
The increasing demand for lithium citrate in various psychotropic drugs and diuretics is driving the global market for lithium citrate. The rising incidence of mental disorders, neutropenia, and symptoms of mental depression around the globe as well as decreasing nutritional value of food products result in demand for the addition of nutritional value to dietary products and subsequently to lithium citrate. However, competition from other organic chemicals, side-effects of the drugs, development of generic ingredients, and escalating prices of lithium citrate all around the world are major restraints for the market.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
With winter in full swing, going for a swim in the Atlantic Ocean seems less than ideal.
But on Humarock, hundreds of people dove into the frigid water to celebrate the New Year.
“It's a mild heart attack, then it's refreshing, and then you feel like a million bucks,” said Michael Moriarty, who dove in with their friend, Tommy McCarthy of Marshfield.
“Extremely refreshing,” added McCarthy. “You want to start the New Year with a bang.”
People were dressed in all kinds of outfits, from pink bathrobes to Patriots jerseys for a quick run into the water and back.
“The water's probably 40 degrees at this point,” said Scituate firefighter/paramedic Jim Sweeney. “At that temperature, [the body] takes less than five minutes to shut down.”
While some dove in just for fun, others dove for a cause.
Christina Brown was collecting donations for the Marshfield Food Pantry. Brown said the plunge usually provides a nice boost.
“I think we got an entire SUV full. It was fantastic, I was just very impressed with the turnout. The day was nice so I think that helped out,” said Brown.
“We have done this every year for the last 23 years. It's really great because people also give monetary donations, which is something the pantry really needs, so [families] can buy what they really need.”
Advertising
ST. JOHN'S, N.L. — A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
"The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what's gonna happen next," Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, said Wednesday.
"You won't be able to live in that community in the summer, probably, if you don't move it."
Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that they estimate to be 25-30 feet.
"It would take a fairly fair-sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide, you know, and it seems to be settling in the sand more, so it's gonna be harder and harder to get outta there, and it's starting to rot."
The body is in close proximity to some residences, wharves, and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard.
The beach is also a tourist attraction as it is near Flowers Island. The whale's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island's famed lighthouse.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
In an e-mailed statement, Service NL said it is working with the district and "the whale will have to be moved and disposed of, either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Bristol's best-known vintage clothing shops is opening a flagship store in the city centre, in a move which it hopes will transform its surrounding area.
Sobey's Vintage Clothing is opening a new store inside The Arcade, in Broadmead, to improve the choice of independent and vintage shops available in the area.
The company sells a wide range of vintage and preloved clothing and its first Bristol shop on Park Street is very popular with students.
It also has stores in Cardiff and Exeter, but its founders hope to make the new store its biggest and best yet.
Sobeys founder Andy Evans said the Arcade was a 'fabulous' spot and they couldn't wait to be up and running.
"There aren't enough vintage stores currently in the centre of town and we wanted to change that," they said.
"The Arcade offers a beautiful setting whilst being surrounded by other independent stores."
Andy also said the new store would look similar to the Park Street shop in terms of appearance as they tried to keep the look and feel of each Sobey's store the same.
"We have a beautiful gold painted fairground horse in each of our stores' windows and one is currently being made now for The Arcade," they added.
"My partner Katie and I look around for props for each of the shops, we go to vintage markets, keep an eye out on eBay and have a few secret places where we find things such as plates for the walls, pianos, light fittings, paintings, pictures, mirrors and sofas."
Sobey's at The Arcade will open in around four weeks' time.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dozens of nuptials are believed to be at risk amid claims a rogue wedding planner at a fairytale UK castle fled the country with thousands of pounds of couples' cash.
Craig Williamson is accused of deliberately double or even triple booking wedding dates at the spectacular Guthrie Castle in Angus, Scotland.
Police are now investigating after horrified brides and grooms-to-be discovered that the bank account they were asked to pay their money into is a private account in Inverness which is not linked to the castle.
Dozens of couples may be affected and the total cash involved could run into hundreds of thousands of pounds, the Daily Record reported .
To make matters even worse, it is not clear which of the bookings should be honoured. There are no records of who has booked what, or when deposits were officially paid.
Williamson is described as a senior staff member at the castle. Their whereabouts were not known last night.
Rumours of a crisis at the castle have been spreading rapidly on Twitter and Facebook. And bosses have shut down its website and replaced it with a message asking all prospective wedding couples to get in touch.
Groom Jay Heer is expecting 230 guests at their wedding at the castle in October. Many of them will be travelling from India.
They contacted castle bosses for an update but they have not been able to tell them if their ceremony will go ahead.
Jay, who met Williamson only last month to finalise the arrangements, said: “This is very worrying. We have no idea whether we are affected or not.
“I checked the account number and sort code I was given to pay the deposit into and was told it's a bank in Inverness and a private account, which is not good.
“We've booked decorators, caterers, photographers and entertainment, which hasn't been cheap. We have so many folk coming from abroad. We just want to know where we stand.”
(Photo: Daily Record)
A bride-to-be due to marry at the castle in July was in tears as they spoke to the Record.  They are expecting more than 80 guests and has paid a £6,500 deposit but has now learned they are double-booked with another wedding.
The young woman has tried other venues, but they are all full.
They told the Record: “I just can't believe it. This was supposed to be the biggest day of our lives but we are potentially having to look at other venues and start from scratch.
“We have been offered the day before but our caterers, photographer and band are all committed to other events.
“Everything seemed fine when Craig Williamson showed us round. They had access to the whole castle, it was like they were the estate manager or something.
“We have since been told that the bank details we were given to pay the deposit were not the castle's.
“We're at a bit of a loss at the moment. We don't know what we're going to do.”
A groom due to be married next month said: “We still don't know for sure if we are the only wedding booked for our date.
“They have no record of the bookings as the guy wiped the PC. They will only know when people contact them.”
Wedding trade professionals across Scotland have been alerting their customers as word of the problems spreads.
Kirsty Brown, who runs Dundee firm Memento Wedding Photography, said they had several clients due to marry at the castle.
They wrote on Facebook: “I've seen comments from couples who get married there in a few weeks and they've found out their date is double or triple-booked. Can't even imagine how they'll begin to deal with this.
“We won't find out if my clients will need to change dates or not. It might affect everything they had booked for that date already... insanity!”
Another photographer, Angus Forbes, said they had half a dozen weddings booked at the castle in the next couple of years.
They added: “Clients have been contacting me about the situation. It seems the castle are pulling out the stops to try to solve the issues.”
A Police Scotland spokesperson confirmed that officers were investigating the allegations.
A castle employee declined to comment.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders fans are in for a treat this week when Kat Slater finally returns home.
The first pictures showing the gobby mare back in Walford after their stint away on Redwater have been revealed.
Kathleen will make a dramatic comeback this week and shock guests at their own wake in the Queen Vic.
Viewers of the BBC soap will witness Jessie Wallace's character putting on their lippy before emerging from a taxi.
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
The residents of Albert Square will think they've seen a ghost when Kat returns with their leopard print.
Jessie, 46, says: “She turns up in a cab and sees a leaflet on the floor saying ‘Kat Slater' about their own wake.
"So she's got to clear up all the damage a certain person has caused by saying Kat's dead.”
On Friday night's episode viewers saw Big Mo breaking down in front of Stacey and on Monday they explained how Kat met them untimely demise.
(Image: C)
Explaining the gory details to Stacey, Mo said: "She was on a boat...and then they fell off.
"It was at night weren't it. They could hear her, but they couldn't find them
"They were looking for them then all of a sudden they spotted them It was too late.
"Alfie wasn't there, them and Kat had a bust up, they went off with the kids and no one's seen them since."
(Image: BBC)
Mo appears to be a dead woman walking as Kat will be furious when they discover them lies.
The wheeler dealer will try to sell Kat's expensive coffin while the Albert Square residents rally around to raise money for them send off.
The Slaters will receive some unwanted attention when the truth is revealed, leaving Stacey and Kat to clean up the mess.
*EastEnders continues on Tuesday on BBC One at 7.30pm
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tiny tots think it's great fun to whirl around until they lose balance and fall down. And if we're honest, most of us have felt the room spin when we've gone to bed after too much booze.
But when dizziness strikes for no obvious reason it's no joke and can be really debilitating.
According to the Meniere's Society, vertigo – the sensation that you or the environment around you is moving or spinning – is a symptom of several different conditions, many of which originate within the vestibular (balance) system of the inner ear.
Not all types involve the sensation of movement – you may just feel light-headed or be unsteady on your feet.
But there's good news. Andrew Clements, of Leicester Balance Centre, says: “Whether dizziness is a one-off or a longer-lasting problem, nearly everyone improves or at least is able to manage their symptoms with the right treatment.”
Here are seven reasons for a spinning head – and how to stop it.
1. Benign paroxysmal positional vertigo
(Image: PA)
Up to 50% of us will experience this inner ear problem (BPPV).
Andrew Clements explains: “It's caused when debris from otoconia crystals (part of the mechanism by which we balance and sense gravity) fall into the wrong part
of the ear.”
BPPV-related attacks last only a few seconds at a time but can be severe and recurrent.
Classic provoking movements are lying flat, turning over in bed, looking up (e.g. hanging washing) or bending down.
Feel better A set of head movements, called the Epey manoeuvre, will often solve the problem by moving the crystals back into the right place in the ear. You'll need a GP or specialist to work through the movements with you, and your vertigo will get temporarily worse before improving.
2. Anxiety
If your swimming head is teamed with other nervy symptoms, like restlessness, palpitations and a feeling of dread, the chances are it's anxiety that's the problem.
Feel better Exercising regularly, stopping smoking and cutting down on alcohol and caffeine will help.
nhs.uk also recommends CBT (cognitive behavioural therapy) as an effective anxiety treatment. If you're experiencing stress-related dizziness, breathe slower and deeper, and focus on a spot in the distance. Drink some water, as mild dizziness from dehydration may feel worse if you're anxious.
3. Low blood pressure
Having low blood pressure can cause dizziness, particularly when you get up too quickly from a seated or lying position.
Feel better If you know you're prone to this type of dizziness, always get up slowly. Having low blood pressure can be healthy, but rule out any underlying conditions with your GP.
4. Ageing
Dizziness and unsteadiness are more likely when the eyes, vestibular system of the inner ear and muscles are no longer working in harmony. Age-related cardiovascular problems can also cause dizziness by affecting blood flow.
Feel better Stay active – tai chi classes can help, according to the Vestibular Disorders Association. And talk to your GP about the prescription medicines you take because many have dizziness as a side-effect – there could be alternatives for you to try.
5. Anaemia
Pale skin, tiredness and fatigue are the usual symptoms associated with iron-deficiency anaemia, but dizziness is another.
Dietitian Dr Sarah Schenker explains: “The reason anaemia can cause a light-headed feeling is because there's not enough iron to make red blood cells and haemoglobin that provide oxygen to the brain.”
(Image: Getty)
Feel better. Get a blood test – if you're anaemic, you'll need to be prescribed a high-dose iron supplement. Iron-rich foods include lamb, beef, green ­vegetables and nuts. Avoid having a cuppa with meals as tea interferes with iron uptake.
6. Ear Infection
Bacteria and viruses can cause vertigo, nausea and temporary hearing loss through inflaming the inner ear, known as ­labyrinthitis.
Feel better Antibiotics will help if it's bacterial, but for viral infections, medications that control the dizziness and nausea – for example strong antihistamines – are the only way to control symptoms.
7. Meniere's disease
If you get dizzy spells accompanied by a sensation of fullness in the ear and ­temporary deafness, you may have Meniere's disease, which is caused by an increase in fluid pressure in the ear. Tinnitus (noises in the ear), hearing loss and balance problems can follow over months and years.
Feel better Treatment of Meniere's is aimed at reducing and controlling symptoms with drugs and exercises. A low-salt diet can help by reducing the fluid build-up in the ear.
I had BPPV after a knock to head
Karena Selman, from Stanmore, north-west London, had a frightening vertigo attack despite being fit and healthy in their 70s.
I felt so awful I thought I might be having a stroke. I'd gone upstairs for a nap when the room started to spin round. I felt like I was parachuting out of the sky.
I hardly dared lift my head off the pillow, and had to shout for my disabled husband to get help. Paramedics struggled to get me into an ambulance because I was so unsteady.
Various scans and tests in hospital ruled out anything sinister, and I was told it was BPPV – probably brought on by a knock to the head a few days previously.
My treatment involved 10 minutes with an ENT consultant looking into my eyes, and moving my head back and forth to get the debris in my ears back in place. Pictures on the wall were moving around after he'd finished, but I started feeling less dizzy soon after.
I need longer term specialist balance exercises to get fully back on my feet again, but I've never had a recurrence. If I did, I'd sit up straight somewhere safe, as lying down on your side during an attack makes things worse.
Please note: Your password must be at least eight characters in length and contain at least one none alphabetic character.
Please prove you are not a robot.
By clicking "Sign up for MyToday" you agree to the our Terms of Use.
Sign up for MyToday
Allan Monga, a junior at Deering High School in Portland, Maine, traveled to Washington, D.C. to compete in the Poetry Out Loud contest on Monday. It's a national competition in which students recite great works of poetry, and it's run by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation.
But Monga, who says they fled violence in their home country of Zambia, was initially barred from the national final because of their immigration status: He's an asylum seeker and does not yet have U.S. citizenship.
Poetry Out Loud's official rules require permanent residence, so Monga filed a lawsuit against the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation. A judge granted a motion allowing them to compete, and they went on to represent the state of Maine in the competition. They read two poems but did not advance to the finals.
Monga says fighting to compete in Poetry Out Loud was important to them — and others.
"I am not the only kid who's an immigrant, like the Portland public schools [themselves] have a huge body of kids from all over the world who are definitely in my situation," Monga says. "So, I wanted to create a way that kind of opened the door for everyone."
Interview Highlights
On what poetry means to Monga
Poetry is like a whole new world to me. Back in my country, I did not have anything about poetry, but poetry is something that I got to learn once I got here. You know, I did research. It's just something like — I developed feelings for it. It's like I'm in a relationship with poetry.
On the teacher that introduced them to poetry
Ms. Callaghan. I mean, I was just sitting one of the days in our class, and they were like, "Do you wanna try this?" I was like, "Um, maybe, nah." But I did [some] research, and it was just like magic. It happened, and I will tell you, it is addictive. Your feelings, or passion for it, grow everyday. And honestly, I will not let anyone stand in between the relationship I have, I've grown for poetry.
On why they connect to "America" by Claude McKay
It talks about the good and the bad of America. And me, as an immigrant, I can come across a challenge. Example: what's going on right now with the NEA trying to say I cannot compete. To me, I consider it as a challenge. But the good? They said I can compete. I had people, the entire Portland public schools, everyone has just gone above and beyond to make sure that I'm here today. And I don't know, that poem to me is just like music to my ears.
Matt Ozug and Bridget Kelley produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday and Petra Mayer adapted it for the Web.
Date Taken: 12.04.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 03:03 Photo ID: 3082879 VIRIN: 161205-F-CA297-053 Resolution: 5184x3456 Size: 1.29 MB Location: (UNDISCLOSED LOCATION)
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, If they can't talk, they can't fight: Compass Call targets Da'esh through electronic attack [Image 1 of 20], by SrA Andrew Park, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fabian Delph is on their way back to Russia to team back up with their England teammates after their wife gave birth to their third child.
Manchester City midfielder Delph was given leave by Gareth Southgate to jet back to the UK and attend the birth - with the Three Lions boss insisting it was “more important” than the World Cup.
The former Aston Villa star announced the arrival on Instagram and revealed that wife Natalie brought a new daughter into the world at 7.52am - to siblings Sophia and Aleya.
"I've just experienced the most amazing 24 hours," Delph wrote on Instagram.
"Watching my brothers come through a tough game both mentally and physically, I kicked every ball and felt every bit of emotion with the players, staff and fans.
"At 07:52 Me my wife and 2 beautiful daughters welcomed there baby sister into the world.
"I can't put into words the happiness and gratitude I'm feeling... Back to Russia now."
Delph missed England's historic last-16 victory over Colombia - with the Three Lions winning their first ever penalty shootout in the competition after Harry Kane and Yerry Mina had traded goals.
(Image: REUTERS)
Kane is also preparing to welcome a second child - with other half Katie Goodland currently heavily pregnant back at home.
Before releasing Delph, who will be available for the remainder of England's tournament, Southgate had said: “The thought process is some things in life are more important than football.
"His wife is due to go into labour. This is a big tournament, but family is more important. At times like this, players who are family orientated should be supported by us.
"There's only one day in your life when your children is born. I know my father's generation would view that differently, but you have to be there for your family.”
Both Ben Mee and Matt Lowton have a chance of returning to face Stoke City tomorrow night.
Mee lost their ever-present status in the Premier League when sitting out Saturday's 1-0 win over Watford at Turf Moor after having stitches above their knee following the 1-0 defeat at Leicester City.
And Lowton has missed the last three with a knee problem after starting all 13 Premier League games up to that point.
Kevin Long deputised for Mee on Saturday, while former Potter Phil Bardsley has done well in the absence of Lowton, and Sean Dyche assessed the pair: “Lowts has a chance but I am not so sure.
”Possibly improbable I would say for this.  They are close.
”Ben Mee has got a chance but we have to make a decision because of the nature of it.
”He was touch and go for the weekend so we will make a decision.
”But Kevin Long did well so I am pleased with him.”
Club captain Tom Heaton has been out since September with a dislocated shoulder, but is progressing nicely: “He is on schedule so we are pleased with that but it's not one you can rush, particularly with a goalkeeper for obvious reasons.
”The team are happy with it, and they are happy with it at the minute.  They are progressing nicely.”
And there is no update on Robbie Brady after the successful operation on their ruptured patellar tendon: “We will have to wait and see. All I know at the moment is the operation went well.
”They are pleased with that.  They are recovering at the moment and it is too early to worry about the long-term view.
”We will see how we go.”
Burnley have been unlucky with long-term injuries while Dyche has been at the helm, losing Sam Vokes, Dean Marney twice, Long and Lukas Jutkiewicz to serious knee problems, while Heaton, Jon Walters (knee) and Brady have added to that list this term.
But there is little you can do about that sort of injury, and Burnley's record with soft tissue injuries is very good: “We have been unlucky with serious knee injuries.
”Soft tissues we have done well and I am pleased with the medical team and the sports science team do.
”With the big injuries we have been a bit unfortunate over the past few years.
”But that's the way it goes. Another random injury, if you saw the incident it's a freak chance. That sometimes happens with freak twists and turns of the body.”
© The Free Thought Project
 They are now missing.
A family is frantically searching for their loved one after they went missing. They were last seen on video in handcuffs, getting their head stomped on by police.San Bernardino, CA - The family of Gerardo Bernabe Vasquez, 21, is now frantically searching for their beloved family member after they were last seen in handcuffs with a San Bernardino Sheriff's deputy's boot on their face.According to the family, Vasquez suffered a "mental health episode" last month and they are unsure if he's since relapsed. They are now asking for the public's help in finding them and raising awareness to the fact thatAccording to police, the violence started after one officer detained Vasquez for acting strangely. During the stop, a struggle ensued until another officer showed up to help get Vasquez under control.In the disturbing video, we can hear Vasquez screaming for help as police unleash their fury upon the restrained man.After repeatedly stomping the young handcuffed man's face, the officers pick Vasquez completely off the ground using the handcuffs as a handle. The pain caused by such an act was likely unbearable and after the abuse, Vasquez appears to be unconscious."Nobody deserves to be treated like that," Rose Trujillo, Vasquez's aunt, said.The level of force was so excessive that it has actually prompted a response from the department who noted that the officer has since been given a paid vacation.Sheriff John McMahon said they are "concerned with the level of force used in the video" by one of their deputies. They added that the department "will conduct a thorough and complete investigation."However,Illustrating the entirely unnecessary use of force by officers, Vasquez's only charges stemmed from them detaining him. They were booked into jail last Friday for resisting and obstructing an officer.Prior to being detained, they had committed no crime.
As they get to the details of how they killed Culleton, who was the first to die that day, their voice softens and they bury their head in their hands.
The night before the murders, they said, they went to see Culleton, who they claim to have dated, at their cottage on Kamaniskeg Lake, where they said they and their new boyfriend laughed at him.
Then they returned to their home, about 24 km away in Palmer Rapids, Ont., and drank rye with a neighbour while they discussed the Bible, before falling asleep on the couch.
The next morning, they borrowed a friend's car, stopped for gas and then drove back to Culleton's cottage.
"I remember thinking that God is really helping me because when I went to Carol's, Carol walked right outside," they say, so quietly it is at times difficult to hear, with long pauses between sentences.
"And then I asked her, I said, 'Why do you hate me, why are you doing this to me?' And then they closed the door, I was right there, and then I broke the window with my elbow and I reached in and I unlocked the door. And they said, 'This isn't you, Basil, this is not you'."
They said Culleton then told them a man was coming over to fix the electricity and they told them they were lying.
"There was a, a cable, a TV coil, I picked it up and I hit them with it and I wrapped it around their head. They just kept saying 'this is not you Basil, this is not you.' And then, then I walked around the cottage."
They said they found their purse and took their keys and phone and car. They threw the phone out the window as they drove so nobody could see the text message conversation they'd had.
They drove to Kuzyk's house, about 20 kilometres away in Wilno, Ont., and they too walked outside before going back into their home after seeing him. They followed.
"I asked Anastasia 'why did you lie in court?' and they said 'I didn't,' and the gun went off. Because it's just lying."
They said God then told them to get back in the car so they did and drove to Warmerdam's home, about 30 kilometres west in Cormac, Ont.
"What happened? I just drove in, walked in the door, they were sitting there, they went around the corner, I followed them Boom. That was it and I walked out. It was funny, like I wasn't even pulling the trigger on the gun, the gun was just going off. Boop."
Borutski at one point said the Bible makes a distinction between killing and murder and only murder is wrong because it is taking the life of someone who is innocent. That's why, they said, they didn't shoot themselves that day, because it would have been like murdering himself.
They said that throughout much of the day they experienced an out-of-body experience and described themselves repeatedly as a "zombie."
The trial resumes Tuesday.
-follow @mrabson on Twitter.
By Mia Rabson, The Canadian Press
Authorities say a teen girl has died and a woman is in critical condition after a wrong-way crash in Midland County.
It happened about 11:16 p.m. on Friday, Aug. 11 on eastbound US-10 west of Stark Road in Lincoln Township.
Midland County Central Dispatch said they received reports of a vehicle driving westbound in the eastbound lane of US-10 near Eastman Road at about 11:14 p.m.
Two minutes later, the head-on crash was reported.
Investigators said 67-year-old Janice Rozek of Auburn was driving their red 2006 Chevy Equinox westbound on eastbound US-10 when they hit a black 2000 Lincoln Town Car driven by 18-year-old Kristina Garafalo.
Police said the impact of the crash caused Garafalo's vehicle to rest sideways on the road. A short time later their car was hit by a silver 2005 Pontiac G6 driven by 18-year-old Brett Bohn of Sanford.
Investigators said Bohn was unable to stop in time and hit the rear passenger corner of Garafalo's car.
Garafalo was pronounced dead at the scene.
Rozek was taken to Mid-Michigan Medical Center with critical injuries.
Bohn and their two passengers were not hurt.
Police are still waiting for toxicology reports, but said there is no evidence that alcohol or drugs were a factor in the crash.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The man who tricked a young teenage girl to perform a sex act on their younger brother has been sent to prison after the video went viral in schools.
Daniel Norton persuaded the girl who they met on a dating website to carry out the disgusting act after threatening them that they would be removed from their family if they did not comply.
The video of the sex act was then shared on Facebook and went viral in Bristol, with police and schools in the city warning parents to check their children's phones.
Judge Gary Burrell QC told Norton, 26, they had “utterly devastated” the family with their actions, and they had “plumbed the depths of depravity” with their acts.
James Kellam, prosecuting, told the court the classmates of the two children had seen the video on social media. The victims were bullied, and it forced them to leave school and the family to move home.
Norton had persuaded the girl to send them a topless photo and then told them their father, who they falsely said was a police officer, would take them away from their family unless they sent them more explicit images, Mr Kellam said.
Sentencing in Southampton Crown Court, Judge Burrell said: "You persuaded and threatened a girl so that they ended up committing sexual acts on their own little brother.
"You made them film the act and then you put the film out so that it came onto the internet for the world to see. One only hopes that little boy doesn't remember anything when they grow up, the little girl certainly will.
"The effect on this family has been nothing short of devastating, the children have been upset, the parents have been upset, the children have been made fun of and bullied.
"As a result the family have had to move the children to another school and move the entire family to another home because of the problems.
"The father described the effects on the family as being utterly devastating and the whole family has been at a loss at how to deal with it and that has been down to you because you wanted to gratify your own sexual desires."
Norton, of Cheadle, Stockport, pleaded guilty to three counts of making a child engage in sexual activity, three counts of making indecent photographs of a child, one count of distributing an indecent photograph of a child and possessing extreme pornography of children with animals.
They were jailed for 12 years.
As well as the jail sentence, they were given an extended licence of three years and made subject of a sexual harm prevention order after the judge ruled they were a sexual predator and a danger to children.
The court heard Norton gathered images of other teenage girls and enjoyed "the feelings of power and control" over them.
Matthew Jewell QC, defending, said their client was remorseful for their acts and added: "Mr Norton doesn't seek to excuse their behaviour."
Khloe Kardashian "still can't believe" she's a mother.
The 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' star feels so lucky to have their daughter True - who they share with their partner Tristan Thompson - and is "so thankful" for the "blessing".
They wrote on Twitter: "I sometimes, still can't believe im a mommy!!! I'm so so thankful for such a blessing!! True is the sweetest ever! I got my bestie for life! Thank you Jesus for my angel (sic)"
Since the arrival of True, the 33-year-old television personality has been working on their post-baby body and they previously revealed they are "surprised" about their new-found energy since welcoming their daughter.
They shared: "I think what surprises me most is no matter how tired you are, you find this energy and patience for your child.
"You know that babies are so helpless and they rely on you for everything. So something just takes over and you find the energy to care for this helpless precious baby."
Khloe was recently forced to hit back at their critics, who said they were "focusing too much on their body" following the arrival of their daughter.
They wrote: "The beginning parts of working out kind of suck because you're pushing your body so hard, you're so tired. It's much more difficult than you expect it to be. I've been working out for 11 days now, I feel really good, but tired. My body is sore because it's re-waking itself back up. What I'm annoyed about is I've read a couple of times on Twitter that, ya know, they feel that I'm focusing too much on my body, but the truth is, I've worked out five or six days a week before I got pregnant and that's my sanctuary and something I love to do. I want to start doing that now and get back to my rhythm and in between feedings I want to find time to work out because that's going to be my new normal. Just because I have a baby, doesn't mean I have to stop doing the things that I love, and I love working out and getting my mind right."
The European Handball Federation (EHF) have announced a “long-term partnership” with Infront and Perform Group, which is claimed to be worth around €500 million (£438 million/$582 million).
The agreement was signed by the EHF and its marketing arm, EHF Marketing GmbH, prior to the final matches of the Champions League season in Cologne.
They state the 10-year media and marketing partnership will come into force from 2020.
It is claimed the deal is the biggest in the history of the sport, with between €500 million (£438 million/$582 million) to €600 million (£526 million/$700 million) expected to be generated.
The EHF are currently partnered with Infront, one of the world's leading international sports marketing companies, but will now also work with digital media specialists Perform Group.
“This is a watershed moment for our sport and the EHF,” said Michael Wiederer, EHF President.
“The new partnership with Infront and Perform will shape the future of handball on a club and national team level, not only in financial terms but also with the huge potential it brings for future growth and development.
“Handball today is a very different sport, both on and off the court, and the dimensions of this agreement underline the fact that we have a top product with the ability to electrify people worldwide.”
A long-term strategy will be worked on by the two companies in collaboration with the EHF and Forum Club Handball, the organisation representing Europe's top men's clubs.
The strategy will be aimed at securing significant growth for the sport across both existing and new markets.
Growing the appeal of the sport to younger audiences through an enhanced digital offering has been labelled as a key target.
The contract covered national team competitions, youth and beach events and club competitions, including the EHF Champions League and other European Cup events, through to 2030.
The agreement was revealed prior to the Champions League final in Cologne ©Getty Images
"Our partnership with the EHF stretches back over two decades, and together over that time we have created a must-have product with the EHF Euros,” said Philippe Blatter, Infront President and chief executive.
“This new agreement is testament to the fact that when we enter partnerships with sports properties, we bring great experience and value.
“We are all about uniting people in sports by creating emotions, fulfilling the dreams of millions of fans and allowing them to share their passion.
“I am delighted to continue this journey with EHF.
“We have an opportunity to grow the popularity of European handball by expanding into a younger and more digitally focused fan base and by engaging the audience beyond the sixty minutes of the game."
Perform, a UK-based company, are claimed by the EHF to be a digital leader in global sports media.
The agreement with existing partner MP & Silva will remain in place for a further two seasons until 2020.
Karnataka minister Vinay Kulkarni (third from right) and some members of the Lingayat community celebrate the cabinet decision, in Bengaluru on Monday. Photo: PTI
Bengaluru: After months of uncertainty, Karnataka's Congress government on Monday decided to accept the recommendations of an official expert committee to grant recognition and religious minority status to Lingayats and Veershaiva Lingayats—two sub-sects that will be considered under the same religious minority status.
“After due deliberations and some discussion on concerns on various sections of society, cabinet has decided to accept the recommendations of the Karnataka State Minorities Commission which, based on the report by the expert committee headed by Justice Nagmohan Das that has recommended considering grant of recognition as religious minority to the Lingayat and Veershaiva Lingayats under Section 2(d) of the Karnataka State Minorities Act,” T.B.Jayachandra, law and parliamentary affairs minister of Karnataka said after a meeting of the state cabinet.
“It was also decided to forward the same to the central government for notifying under Section 2 (c) of the Central Minority Commission Act,” they added.
The decision of chief minister Siddaramaiah-led government comes after months of delay in the matter and was aimed at splitting the Lingayat voter base that has traditionally sided with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and its leader B.S. Yeddyurappa. Lingayats are believed to be the largest community in the state, pegged at around 15-17%.
The cabinet's decision comes at a time when the Congress is leaving little to chance to check the BJP's run in assembly elections due later this year. The Congress hopes that the Karnataka elections will serve as an indication to which way the 2019 Lok Sabha polls will go.
By mentioning both Lingayats and Veerashaiva Lingayats separately, the cabinet chose to introduce some level of ambiguity into the original recommendation to pacify disgruntled Veerashaivas, who feared being left out of the separate minority religion movement led by the water resources minister M.B. Patil of the Congress party in Karnataka.
“This is a devious and sinister design on the part of the Congress government on the eve of the elections,” the BJP said in a statement on Monday. It added that the cabinet decision was intended to divide the society and destroy the basic of Basava philosophy that promotes a casteless and egalitarian society.
“Siddaramaiah has taken a political risk because this is not an issue which lends itself to any easy political cost-benefit analysis. One does not know if this will lead to any significant shift of Lingayat votes from the BJP to the Congress,” said A. Narayana, political analyst and professor of public policy at Azim Premji University.
“The words minority, majority will be exploited (by the BJP) to the hilt in this election. This will certainly cost some votes for the Congress and unless the expected gain of Lingayat votes balances or exceeds this loss, the Congress can be the loser,” they added.
S.M. Jamdar, a retired IAS officer and the catalyst behind the separate religion movement, said that Lingayats had been considered a separate religion for 800 years until 1871, before it was taken away without reason in 1881.
To avoid any backlash from other communities, the government added that this decision “should not affect the existing benefits available to other religious or linguistic minorities.”
Lingayats are categorized under III (B) of the Karnataka reservation list along with Christians, Jains and other communities, entitled for 5% reservation. Communities and minority religions like Buddhists, classified under category II (A) get 15% reservation. Muslims, exclusively categorised under II(B), are entitled to 4% reservation. It is yet to be seen if Lingayats, which has 99 sub-castes that are listed under multiple categories, would get a higher allocation of reservation with the changes in religious status.
Patil said that the movement was only for a separate religious identity and not for reservation.
The cabinet said it will send the decision to the centre for it to be notified under Section 2(C) of the Central Minority Commission Act.
“The cabinet, having accepted, has decided to accord the recognition as a religious minority. The ‘effective date' of the notification would be, as may be notified by the state government after meeting the procedural requirements and after taking note of the possible impact of such grant of recognition to other minorities or the non-minorities or the public at large,” Jayachandra said.
Meanwhile, a group of people clashed in Kalaburagi district when Lingayats were celebrating the cabinet decision. N.Shashikumar, Superintendent of Police, Kalaburagi said eight people were detained in the incident which was instigated by a local whose motive is yet to be ascertained. The official said that the police were present at the location and the situation was swiftly brought under control.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An error from Bristol Rovers goalkeeper Sam Slocombe allowed Wigan Athletic to come away from the Memorial Stadium with a 1-1 draw in a physical and entertaining encounter.
Already promoted Wigan had been given the run around by a buoyant Gas side for most of the match but a long range effort from substitute Ryan Colclough rescued a point for the Latics.
Rovers had held the lead for the best part of an hour thanks to a fine Liam Sercombe finish. In truth, the visitors were lucky to escape BS7 with a point from a match in which Rovers could easily have scored three of four times.
Manager Darrell Clarke spoke after the defeat to Rotherham at the weekend about the need to be more clinical in front of goal, and that was certainly true once again for their Rovers side.
The first half was shaping up to be a soporific affair amid the gloom and drizzle, but was brought to life by a slice of luck and a calm finish from Rovers' signing of the season.
The Gas moved quickly on the counter attack in the 28th minute and some nice link up play between Kyle Bennett and Ellis Harrison led to a mistake and a deflection off Wigan right-back Nathan Byrne. The ball moved into the path of Liam Sercombe who found themselves in acres of space.
The midfielder remained poised to shift the ball onto their right foot and lashed the ball beyond Christian Walton in the Latics net. It was a surprising lead but not altogether undeserved.
In the following 10 minutes Rovers reinforced their superiority as they once again broke at speed to find an overload inside the visitors third.
This time the ball was sprayed out to Harrison on the left side of the box and they may well have doubled Rovers' lead if it wasn't for a dramatic late tackle from Byrne, going someway to atoning for their earlier error.
Rovers kept coming though and could easily have gone into the break three goals to the good. First, Bennett saw their curling effort crash into post having beaten the diving Walton. Before the Wigan goalkeeper pulled off a remarkable double save to keep the Gas at bay.
A Chris Lines free kick drifted in from the right and James Vaughan headed it clear but only as far Bennett. The attacker then fired a rasping effort towards goal, which Walton palmed clear. The Latics shot stopper was then back on their feet in rapid time to save from Byron Moore's follow-up shot.
At the other end, the Latics' best chances both came before Rovers took the lead and both came in the air.
Byrne's cross on the right was headed over by Vaughan from close range before defender Chey Dunkley headed the ball into the ground and over the crossbar from a Gary Roberts corner.
After the break, in rapidly deteriorating conditions, Rovers continued to turn on the style. Half time substitute Tom Nichols found some space on the right before playing the ball to Harrison. The striker, with their back to goal, played a deft backheel into the path of Sercombe.
The Rovers goalscorer tried to round the final Wigan defender Dan Burn when they may have been better off going for goal, and the ball eventually went out for a goal kick.
Rovers kept coming though and Moore was to get the next decent chance for the Gas. Lines played them in on the right and they cut back onto their left foot before seeing their shot ripple the sidenetting but not trouble Walton.
Wigan's next chance to equalise fell to Dunkley as they bundled home from close range only to see the linesman raise their flag for offside.
But the visitors didn't have to wait too long to celebrate for real as the Rovers defence stood off Ryan Colclough following a throw-in. The substitute tried their luck from range and struck a shot low to Slocombe's right, which bounced and snuck under the body of the diving Rovers goalkeeper.
Rovers could have won it late on as Lines squared a free-kick to Lee Brown. The left-back caught their shot sweetly and had Walton beaten but their effort thundered into the post.
It's now five matches without a win for Rovers, but there have at least been three spirited home draws against top six sides in that period.
They now turn their attention to the final home game of the season on Saturday as Gillingham visit the Mem.
Bristol Rovers: Slocombe; Brown, Craig, Lockyer, J Clarke, Lines, O Clarke (Nichols 45), Sercombe, Bennett, Moore, Harrison
Subs not used: Smith, Broadbent Bola, Mensah, Gaffney, Telford
Wigan Athletic: Walton; Byrne, Dunkley, Burn, Elder, Power, Morsy, Massey (Colclough 66), Roberts (Cole 77), Jacobs, Vaughan (Grigg 66)
Subs not used: Jones, Perkins, Walker, Bruce
Scorers: Sercombe 28, Colclough 80
Referee: Stephen Martin
Attendance: 8,414 (440 away)
A Never-Trump Press in Near Panic by Patrick J Buchanan – Lew Rockwell
“All the News That's Fit to Print” proclaims the masthead of The New York Times. “Democracy Dies in Darkness,” echoes The Washington Post.
“The people have a right to know,” the professors at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism hammered into us in 1962. “Trust the people,” we were admonished.
Explain then this hysteria, this panic in the press over the release of a four-page memo detailing one congressional committee's rendering of how Trump-hate spawned an FBI investigation of the Republican candidate and President Donald Trump.
What is the press corps afraid of? For it has not ceased keening and caterwauling that this memo must not see the light of day.
Do the media not trust the people? Can Americans not handle the truth?
Is this the same press corps that celebrates “The Post,” lionizing Kay Graham for publishing the Pentagon Papers, top-secret documents charging the “Best and the Brightest” of the JFK-LBJ era with lying us into Vietnam?
Why are the media demanding a “safe space” for us all, so we will not be harmed by reading or hearing what the memo says?
Security secrets will be compromised, we are warned.
Really? Would the House Intelligence Committee majority vote to expose secrets that merit protection? Would Speaker Paul Ryan and White House chief of staff Gen. John Kelly, who have read and approved the release of the memo, go along with that?
Is Gen. Kelly not a proven patriot, many times over?
The committee's ranking Democrat, Adam Schiff, who earlier warned of a threat to national security, now seems ready to settle for equal time. If the majority memo is released, says Schiff, the minority version of events should be released.
Schiff is right. It should be, along with the backup behind both.
Sharing is caring!
Austin Authorities Say They're Investigating 'Serial Bomber' After Fourth Explosion Over the weekend there was a fourth bombing in Austin, Texas. Authorities say this latest incident was caused by tripwire and showed a "different level of skill."
NEW YORK — Actress Uma Thurman, in long-awaited remarks, has accused embattled Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein of forcing themselves upon them sexually and accused "Kill Bill" director Quentin Tarantino of making them perform a dangerous car stunt that injured them
Thurman's allegations against Weinstein had been widely anticipated since they hinted late last year that they had a story to tell about the beleaguered movie mogul, who has been accused of sexual misconduct against many women, but wanted to wait until they were less angry. Them story came in an interview with New York Times columnist Maureen Dowd.
"I used the word 'anger,' but I was more worried about crying, to tell you the truth," Thurman said in the Times article. "I was not a groundbreaker on a story I knew to be true. So what you really saw was a person buying time."
Thurman told Dowd that an early encounter with Weinstein in a Paris hotel room in the 1990s ended with them suddenly appearing in a bathrobe and leading them to a steam room but that the first "attack" — the word appears in quotes — happened later in London.
"He pushed me down," they said. "He tried to shove themselves on me. They tried to expose himself. They did all kinds of unpleasant things. But they didn't actually put their back into it and force me. You're like an animal wriggling away, like a lizard."
Later, they alleged, they arranged a meeting with Weinstein and warned him: "If you do what you did to me to other people you will lose your career, your reputation and your family, I promise you."
The Times article says Thurman's memory of the Weinstein encounter stops there, but it quotes a friend who was waiting downstairs as saying Thurman emerged from an elevator dishevelled and shaking.
"Her eyes were crazy, and they were totally out of control," said the friend, Ilona Herman.
When Thurman was able to talk again, Herman said, they revealed that Weinstein, who was one of the most powerful men in Hollywood, had threatened to derail their career.
A representative for Thurman, Leslie Sloane, responded to an Associated Press request for more details on all the encounters by saying only: "The article speaks for itself."
Memorial Day weekend guide: SEPTA, traffic, weather and what to do
Memorial Day weekend guide: SEPTA, traffic, weather and what to do May 25
LOVE Park marked its grand reopening on Wednesday. The LOVE sculpture by the late artist Robert Indiana also recently got a facelift.
Love it or hate it, one of Philadelphia's most famed parks celebrated its grand re-opening Wednesday.
Mayor Kenney, Council President Darrell Clarke and others marked LOVE Park's return with a ribbon-cutting ceremony Wednesday that also featured food, music and more. Renovations to flatten the park — once known as a skateboarding hub — as well as add more green space and a new water fountain began in February 2016.
It's been a slow return for LOVE Park, which saw delays during the $26 million renovation process. The LOVE statue, by pop artist Robert Indiana, who recently died at the age of 89, was reinstalled in February after undergoing its own facelift.
Here's a look at the new park and scenes from Wednesday's reopening:
The new, large, conical fountain was turned on in LOVE Park as part of the dedication ceremony.
The festivities continue into the evening with a fundraising event featuring DJ Jazzy Jeff hosted by Friends of LOVE Park.
Despite its just-reopened status, the park has already faced criticism for its wide, flat design. Inquirer architecture critic Inga Saffron called the space a “granite Sahara.”
“The new LOVE Park is a sanded-down version of the old LOVE Park, its rough edges removed and reduced to a generic, two-dimensional drawing,” Saffron wrote in April.
>> READ MORE: LOVE Park was supposed to be the People's Park. How did it end up as a granite Sahara? | Inga Saffron
>> READ MORE: New LOVE Park is graceless instead of gritty; is that the kind of Philly we want to live in? | Opinion
Social media users have also voiced complaints about the redesigned park.
What's wrong with the new love park? Hostile design. Wide open hardscape unshielded from the sun, spaces designed to prevent people from sitting down. Sterile, horrendous, tragic. @JonasMcivitas and I visited and I have the UX a review: F pic.twitter.com/R0x4w4WHb4 — Victoria (@108_Victoria_St) April 2, 2018
Sweet, Dillworth Plaza and Love Park are flat gray pieces of concrete now. — Max Prime (@MaxPrimeMusic) April 27, 2018
There are more events in store for the park. The city is planning on a busy summer line-up, with concerts, table games, food trucks at the park, Parks and Recreation Commissioner Kathryn Ott Lovell told the Inquirer last month.
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
There are no second chances in golf and no margin for error. Throw away the regular season records. It all comes down to one score…one day.
In order for a team to have a great day at the Division I championship, you need four golfers to score in the 70s—and one of those golfers probably has to flirt with the 60s. That's just what you need to be in the mix with the better teams in the state.
Forget about what it takes to come away with the win.
Five of the top seven teams in the Division I championship produced at least three golfers in the 70s. Southington just had one. But Southington coach Jim DiNello said that they believe four out of their five top golfers were all capable of shooting in the 70s as well.
“I would have to believe that the other guys that played pretty good golf all year long were capable of doing that, but it just didn't work out that way for us,” the coach said. “We had a couple guys that were able to do that, but I'm still proud of them.”
Southington's performance at the state championship certainly wasn't for a lack of effort, but near-40-degree weather and a soggy golf course aren't your ideal tournament conditions. Still, DiNello said that they didn't want to blame conditions.
“Everyone played in the same conditions, and other teams were able to post really good scores,” said the coach. “In that kind of venue, you need to have a certain degree of mental toughness and play one shot at a time, putting the weather in the back of your mind.”
After coming off the CCC Championship with a 329 at conference championship less than a week earlier, the Blue Knight golf team went a stroke higher at the Division I championship with a 330 (42-over-par), placing 13th out of 20 teams.
“For this team, I felt like somewhere under 320 was realistic for us,” the coach said. “That would have been on a day where maybe we didn't have our best stuff.”
Nate L'Heureux was the only Southington golfer to shoot in the 70s, tying for 23rd with several golfers after carding a 78 (6-over-par).
“Nate is a good ball striker,” said DiNello. “You can't spray the ball all over the place, you have to understand when to leave the driver in the bag, and you have to be willing to take bogey, take your medicine, and move on to the next hole. Those are all things that Nate has learned to do pretty well over the course of their four years.”
Max Chubet recorded Southington's second-best round after carding an 81. CJ McManus (83), Cam Zegzdryn (88), and Mike Zera (88) contributed as well.
“Max in the five spot playing their first open with an 81 was really good,” the coach said. “I think the other guys would probably tell you that they felt they probably could have played better.”
Golfers were scheduled to tee off at 7:30 a.m. on the morning of Tuesday, June 6, but heavy rain at Fairview Farms Golf Club in Harwinton delayed the championship for about an hour and a half. The delay not only let a pocket of storms move through, not allowing the Knights to get hit with a single droplet, but it was beneficial in another way as well.
“For a lot of high school guys, not just our team, that's a pretty early day to get started in what is the biggest golf day of the year for the kids,” said DiNello. “It gave the guys a chance to kind of calm down and settle down, not having to get there and run right out to the tees.”
Xavier edged Greenwich by six strokes to claim the Division I title with all four of its golfers in the 70s. Chris Fosdick led the way for the Falcons with an even-par 72. Hamden's Alexander Aurora was medalist with a 69, followed by Greenwich's Jackson Fretty (71).
The Knights are losing seniors L'Heureux, Zera, and John Mindek to graduation after this season. DiNello was able to start several different lineups this year, including three freshmen in varsity spots at different points over the season. All of those freshmen broke 40 in varsity matches.
“Conceivably, there are freshmen, sophomores, and seniors going into next year, and it's wide open,” the coach said. “I'm optimistic about what I think can happen. These guys are all really passionate about golf, and I know that they're going to put the work in during the offseason.”
Southington finished the season at 8-8 overall.
For this week's box scores, click here: (southingtonobserver.com/2017/06/13/weekly-scoreboard-for-the-june-16-edition). To contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email them at BJennings@SouthingtonObserver.com.
Why Some Men Have A Harder Time Confiding In Others Many of us find our circle of friends gets smaller as we get older. Researchers say it is especially true for men and that social isolation can have grave effects on their physical and mental health.
Why Some Men Have A Harder Time Confiding In Others Why Some Men Have A Harder Time Confiding In Others Why Some Men Have A Harder Time Confiding In Others Audio will be available later today. Many of us find our circle of friends gets smaller as we get older. Researchers say it is especially true for men and that social isolation can have grave effects on their physical and mental health. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kylie Minogue has spoken out after they won their trademark battle against Kylie Jenner early last year.
The reality star first filed their application to trademark their name in 2014, but in early 2016 court documents revealed pop star Kylie formally opposed the application.
Following a year of legal wrangling, it was reported early last year the singer had won the trademark battle.
Speaking about their win, 49-year-old Kylie told Rolling Stone magazine this week: “I've never met Kylie Jenner. I've never met any member of the family – actually, I've met Kendall just in passing at a fashion event – but I honestly don't know them.
(Image: Youtube)
(Image: Instagram/kyliejenner)
"It's awkward, because fans get so loyal and vocal, and we love that! But it was nothing personal at all, I'm at pains to say," they added.
“Trademark is long, it's boring, it's expensive, and it's really important. I've been doing that for years and years. It was just causing confusion with customers. As long as it's clear, then we can all win. What was upsetting to me was that there was – they attributed a quote to me…” Kylie told the magazine.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
The quote described Kylie as a "a secondary reality television personality who appeared on the television series Keeping Up With the Kardashians as a supporting character."
“Can you imagine me saying that?!” Kylie added.
(Image: Instagram)
“That was just unfortunate that that is how those lawyers speak. So I genuinely hope that it's understood: That certainly did not come from me."
Kylie, who recently released the video for their first single from their upcoming album, told the magazine that the pair never had to go to court and it's now all settled.
AMES, Iowa — Iowa State has added Colorado State transfer Prentiss Nixon, a 6-foot-2 guard who averaged a team-high 16.2 points per game as a junior last season for the Rams.
Nixon also hit 152 3-pointers in three seasons at Colorado State. They will sit out next season and be eligible to play in 2019-2020, coach Steve Prohm said Tuesday.
The addition of Nixon, even if only for one season, would help bolster the Cyclones in the event that star point guard Lindell Wigginton bolts for the NBA. Wigginton is unlikely to be drafted this spring, but that could change if they build on an impressive first-year student campaign.
Former Virginia guard-forward Marial Shayok will also sit next season at Iowa State under NCAA transfer rules.
A passerby prevented a Rochester residential fire from getting bigger.
Rochester Fire says a passerby on West Circle Drive called them around 4:30 this morning after they saw flames coming from a home on the 100 block of 36th Avenue Northwest.
A nearby Police officer controlled the flames with a hose until firefighters arrived.
When firefighters arrived on scene, they saw that a decorative wall in the backyard was on fire. They were able to put out the fire within a few minutes.
The fire didn't reach any structures on the property. Damage was minimal.The cause is under investigation.
Q: My partner and I are in our early thirties and we fight about money all the time. It's not that we are crazy spenders, but we both work and have good jobs yet can never seem to save. They say I should cut back my spending and I tell them to cut back his. I don't think either of us really knows where our money goes, though. I am worried that if we don't stop our fighting, it will ruin our relationship. Advice?
A: Conflict over money is a common couple issue. In today's economy, it is not unusual to have little left over after paying the regular bills for the cost of living — food, shelter, clothing and transportation.
However, it is apparent that neither of you really knows where your money goes, and you get caught in a mutual blame game in the absence of solid information.
The solution here is to keep track of every penny in and every penny out. If you don't have an accurate measure of income and outflow, you can't budget and set spending priorities and goals.
The internet is loaded with personal and home money management tools. Either make your own simple spreadsheet that details money in and tracks money spent, or download and use an app.
Both of you must be open and transparent about the money you take in and what you spend. If the money spent and what is left over doesn't match what comes in, you must figure out the discrepancy. Detailing your finances in this manner is the only way to come to a resolution.
I have referred people in your situation to "divorce financial professionals" who have expertise in helping couples to resolve financial conflicts. I am not sending couples there to separate, just to get help.
These professionals are not there to sell you financial products; they work for a fee and will help you sort out your specific issues. They can even help you plan and prioritize how you want to manage your money. This is a better route in such circumstances than couple counselling.
Have a parenting or relationship question? Send it in a brief email to question@yoursocialworker.com. Due to the volume of mail, not all questions will receive a reply.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Defending 6A champ Keller opens season with win vs. Hebron
Motorcyclist killed on Loop 820 in south Fort Worth
1:23
DELAWARE, Ohio — One River Valley Middle School student has done and gone where no student from River Valley Middle School has before. Emma Lucas, a seventh grader, earned first place at the Ohio State History Day at Ohio Wesleyan University.
Part of the appeal of Lucas' project was its subject: the American Electric Power (AEP) buyout of the village of Cheshire. Lucas' grandfather Scotty Lucas was the mayor of Cheshire and still resides in the village. Emma relied on their grandfather as a source as well as other news articles from the time.
“Everybody kept on getting sick because of the smoke stacks and people kept complaining, so AEP just bought out the entire village,” said Lucas. “I interviewed my grandpa since they have always lived there, I got all kinds of books and I interviewed all kinds of people that lived there and watched old news videos about it.”
The buyout took place in 2001 and affected the village of Cheshire, where much of Lucas' family is from, giving them a close perspective of that moment in history. Them family helped them compile research and interviews on the project, making it a family affair.
Lucas had to do the project for the county academic fair, but chose to continue on at the regional history day in Chillicothe, advancing to the state level. At each level Lucas' exhibit was judged and they were asked questions regarding their research and process.
“They asked me how I conducted my research and how long it took me to do it all. It was a surprise to me that they picked me for first place, I think I will do good at the national event, but there will be a lot of people there, it will be hard to place,” said Lucas. “Judges asked me how I conducted my research and some facts about it. There was a gavel and a key on my board, those were my grandpa's when they were the mayor of Cheshire, the key was the key to the city.”
Lisa Ritchie, the librarian at the middle school, helped Lucas with their project.
“Emma is the first exhibit we've ever had gone at the middle school. We've had many performances go, but they are our first exhibit. It is very hard for an exhibit to go on from state to nationals, and they are up against a lot of big schools, so they must have charmed the judges a little more than they are letting on,” said Ritchie.
From the county school district, four performances and two exhibits went to the state level, but Lucas is the only to continue on as a national finalist. They will compete in June in Maryland against other students from across the country.
Emma Lucas brought home first place at the state history day competition and is set to compete against national students in June. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/04/web1_31172211_1787820287943792_1778388065685864448_n.jpg Emma Lucas brought home first place at the state history day competition and is set to compete against national students in June. Wendy Lucas | Courtesy
A focus on history of Cheshire
By Morgan McKinniss mmckinniss@aimmediamidwest.com
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
Reach Morgan McKinniss at 740-446-2342 ext 2108.
You may not remember your first haircut; but your first shave? That is most likely a memory that won't ever leave you. The first touch of the cold blade on your skin, the razor gliding (if tad tentatively) over your cheeks and finally the sweet agonising pain of the aftershave your dad let you borrow… your first shave isn't something you're likely to forget even if the act itself may get dreary over the years. What is today a modern-day rite of passage has a fascinating history across cultures and ages.
This simple gesture of shaving has evolved in so many ways over the millennia tracing its roots right back to the Egyptians.
Shaving wasn't about just looking good; rituals around shaving have a fascinating history:
Ancient Egyptians
Shaving as we know it traces its roots to ancient Egypt. By all accounts, the Egyptians had an almost unhealthy personal obsession with body hygiene and curious customs to accompany it. In the early years of the Egyptian civilization, men grew out beards and hair on their heads. Kings would even braid their hair. Some men would even rock a moustache. But as time passed by, with the start of the Dynastic Period, men stopped seeing facial hair and body hair as a sign of virility. Instead it came to be a sign of animalistic tendencies. In order for the men to be civilized, it was decided, they should remove all their hair. And so, facial hair, hair on the head, chest hair, all of it was gone. In fact all the wealthy Egyptian men such as kings and nobles would to hire full-time barbers to live with them and shave their faces regularly to give them a clean look every day. Shaving became so important that when a king would pass on, one of the servants who would follow them to their grave would be, you guessed it, a barber. And among the riches that was buried with the king would be a jewel-encrusted razor. Even though the Dynastic Egyptian Kings didn't sport an actual goatee or a beard, they used to wear a small fake goatee called ‘Osrid' or ‘Divine beard'. The Osrid was made of variant of metals such as gold or silver. It would be pointy and was worn during celebration or auspicious days as an accessory for the face. While the King was alive, their Osrid would be straight but after their death, the Pharaoh's Osrid would be given an upward pointed curl that would be added at the end, denoting that now they were no longer a King but God. It wasn't just the king, even the Egyptian priests had developed their own shaving ritual. They would remove all of their hair by plucking each one out one by one. Ouch!
The Mesopotamians
Things were different for the civilisation that flourished between the Tigris and Euphrates. For those who didn't know, the Assyrians, Phoenicians and Summerians gave priority to maintaining their thick beards. The Mesopotamians, unlike the Egyptians, considered beards of great importance as it portrayed the image of a rich, powerful man. In fact the Mesopotamian men maintained and cared for their beard by applying henna to them to maintain that beautiful colour. They also added on ribbons to the beards to add onto the flair. A long pointed beard suggested that you were most likely looking at a man of high status. This meant that the upper class spent a lot of time to groom their facial hair, making sure its pointy. Their tradition guided them to curly beards as a symbol of power. Longer the beard, higher the status. The Mesopotamians had an interesting way of styling their hair according to a man's profession. The hairstyle spoke about what profession the person practiced… making it easy for people to identify physicians or priests on the streets.
Ancient Greeks
Ancient Greek men were men of beards. Beards were considered as a symbol of manhood, & virility. Beards also marked being wisdomous. Ancient Greek philosophies led the merger of facial hair with religious rituals such as the boys offering their first beard as a tribute to the God of Sun, Apollo. Beards were so important to the ancient Greek man that the only time they would be seen without a beard was when they were grieving or mourning the loss of a loved one. In such circumstances, men would use a blade, or in the absence of a blade, they would pluck out their beard hair one by one with their bare hands or just burn the beard. When a man died, their family would hang locks of their beard at the door indicating to passers by the passing away of a male member in the household.
Obviously, shaving off a man's beard was considered as a serious offense. It would potentially land the offender in prison or cost them a heavy fine. Similarly, the act was also used as a source of punishment. But with the entry of Alexander the Great, growing out the beard went out of trend, In fact Xander, the tactician, ordered the soldiers to remove their beards so that the enemies couldn't hold onto it during hand-to-hand combat.
Ancient Romans
Unlike their neighbouring Greek brothers, the Ancient Romans opted for a baby-like look. The Romans were a mass of clean shaven folks. Just like the others, the Romans also followed some shaving rituals. A young Roman's first shave was a very important event of their life. The boys would keep growing out their facial tresses until they reached the age of majority (about 14 years). Once they crossed that threshold, they would shave their beard on their birthday in the presence of their friends and family. It would be an elaborate religious ceremony. The shaved beard hair would then be placed into a special metal box and be given to the Roman Deity as a religious offering to God. Many young men would apply olive oil to their beards with the hopes that their beard would grow into a thick beard for their first shave ceremony.
Ancient Germanic Tribes
The Germanic tribes are considered as those who grew some of the fiercest beards in the history. It is said that it was customary for a young Germanic man to vow that they wouldn't cut off their hair or their beard until they had killed an enemy… which is interesting because this shows why they were considered as the men who had the fiercest beards in history.
African Tribes
Even today in Africa, male grooming is different in every tribe that exists in Africa. It is also varied and colourful. For example, in Kenya's Masai tribe, the young men have their heads shaved as part of the numerous steps of initiation into manhood. When a Masai boy is circumcised around age 14, they become a warrior in the tribe. Ten years later, another ceremony is held to promote them as a senior warrior. At this ceremony, the mother shaves off the boy's head and the Masai warrior can now take a wife. Two initiation ceremonies later, a Masai man ends their journey into manhood and becomes a junior elder of the tribe. During this ceremony they are given an elder chair by the tribe, which they will keep their whole life. They sit in the chair and their wife shaves their head to once again symbolise their new status. It is in between these initiation periods that the Masai men grow out their tresses. Masai men particularly take a lot of care of their hair by grooming and styling it regularly. The women of the Masai tribe shave their heads entirely. The Masai Warriors are the only group who are allowed to have long hair. The warrior's hair is grown long as it symbolises an African Lion's strength. It also symbolises the man's confidence and pride.
NOW READ
5 grooming lessons you can learn from stylish dads
How to get your dad to step up their grooming routine
> More on Grooming
Up Next: Who Wore What | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Serena Williams continued their Wimbledon return by moving into the third round with an emphatic 6-1, 6-4 win over Viktoriya Tomova.
The seven-time champion lost just five of 32 points on their first serve as they took a little over an hour to triumph against their 135th-ranked opponent.
Williams was unable to defend their 2016 Wimbledon title last year because they were pregnant.
Despite their ranking having fallen to 181, Williams is seeded 25th this year.
The 36-year-old American next faces German Tatjana Maria or Kristina Mladenovic of France.
___
5:05 p.m.
Second-seeded Caroline Wozniacki is battling a difficult opponent and a swarm of flying bugs at Wimbledon.
The Australian Open champion complained to the chair umpire about the bugs that invaded No. 1 Court after they lost the first set 6-4 against Ekaterina Makarova of Russia. After shaking their head repeatedly on court to get the flying insects out of their hair, the Dane asked for bug spray to be used.
That seemed to do the trick — at least when it came to improving their own game. Wozniacki won the second set 6-1 to level the match.
___
4:25 p.m.
Gael Monfils overcame Paolo Lorenzi 3-6, 6-3, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to set up a third-round meeting with 2017 Wimbledon semifinalist Sam Querrey.
After hitting just four winners in the opening set, the 44th-ranked Monfils improved to a total of 49 for the match and reached the third round at the England Club for the seventh time in their career.
The Frenchman has never been beyond that stage and to do so will have to defeat 11th-seeded Querrey.
Querrey earlier eased past Ukrainian Sergiy Stakhovsky 7-6 (4), 6-3, 6-3 to advance to the third round for a third successive year.
Last year Querrey defeated Andy Murray to reach their first Grand Slam semifinal, where they were defeated by Marin Cilic.
___
4:15 p.m.
Roger Federer won 35 straight points on their own serve en route to beating Lukas Lacko of Slovakia 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 in the second round of Wimbledon.
Federer didn't drop a point on their serve in the entire second set and kept that streak going until they were 30-0 up at 4-1 in the third, when Lacko sent a backhand winner down the line.
In total, the eight-time champion lost just nine of 61 points on their serve and broke Lacko five times, including with a forehand winner to close out the match.
___
3:45 p.m.
Kyle Edmund is facing some unexpected conflict as they prepare for their second-round match at Wimbledon.
And it's got everything to do with the World Cup.
Edmund is English. Their coach, Fredrik Rosengren, is Swedish. Guess which two nations play each other in the World Cup quarterfinals in Russia on Saturday?
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account, showing them and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation's soccer jersey.
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan their country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping their third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which they made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of their career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in their 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as they cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but they had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on their second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when they walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for their opening match after ending their decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said they didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said they were not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's their business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
What Would ‘Full Funding' of School Aid Look Like? Add $2.3B to Districts
What Would ‘Full Funding' of School Aid Look Like? Add $2.3B to Districts Apr 24
Decrying the treatment of women incarcerated in New Jersey, state lawmakers are introducing legislation designed to make life a little better for them — and all parents — serving time.
The effort follows the arrests in recent years of a half-dozen prison guards on charges of official misconduct and sexual assault of inmates at the Edna Mahan Correctional Facility for Women, the state's only women's prison. A state Senate committee also held a recent hearing on sexual abuse in prisons.
The proposed bill, to be co-sponsored by Assemblywomen Yvonne Lopez (D-Middlesex) and Valerie Vaineri Huttle (D-Bergen), would create an ombudsman to investigate allegations of abuse and other mistreatment of women. It would also increase visitation periods; improve care and mentoring for inmates; and require that women receive free feminine hygiene products, aspirin, and similar items. It is modeled after the Dignity for Incarcerated Women Act introduced in Congress last summer by U.S. Sen. Cory Booker, D-NJ.
Click here for the full article »
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
VILLANOVA. The 2018 national champions will have to defend their title without four key players who left early. The Wildcats knew they'd lose national player of the year Jalen Brunson and Mikal Bridges after both signed with agents. Final Four most outstanding player Donte DiVincenzo and Omari Spellman joined them, both saying this week they will remain in the draft.
MARYLAND. The Terps knew they'd be without Justin Jackson after they signed with an agent. The return of Kevin Huerter could have softened the blow some, but the sharpshooting forward opted on Wednesday to remain in the draft, leaving Maryland without its top two players. At least the Terps will have Bruno Fernando, who decided to return for their sophomore season.
STANFORD. Reid Travis' decision was to withdraw from the NBA draft. That should have been good news for the Cardinal, but instead of being a top contender for Pac-12 player of the year in 2018-19 with them, Travis announced they would play elsewhere as a graduate transfer.
MIXED BAG
CLEMSON. The Tigers got good news when leading scorer Marcquise Reed and starting guard Shelton Mitchell decided to return. The backcourt duo helped the Tigers return to the NCAA Tournament for the first time since 2011 and reach the program's first Sweet 16 since 1997.
BOSTON COLLEGE. The Eagles took a big hit when Jerome Robinson, the ACC's second-leading scorer, opted to hire an agent and remain in the draft. Their return would've given BC nearly its entire team back to pursue the program's first NCAA bid since 2009. The good news: Ky Bowman, the ACC's top returning scorer, decided to withdraw from the draft.
UCLA. The Bruins lost one of the nation's best players when dynamic guard Aaron Holiday declared for the draft and hired an agent in March. UCLA's big loss was offset, at least to a degree, by the decisions of Kris Wilkes and Jaylen Hands to return to Westwood. The Bruins are still waiting for first-year student forward Cody Riley to announce their decision.
KANSAS. The Jayhawks lost Lagerald Vick and Malik Newman after both declared for the draft and signed with an agent. But Kansas got some good news on Wednesday when burly big man Udoka Azubuike announced they will return for their junior season instead of remaining in the draft.
MICHIGAN STATE. The Spartans will certainly miss Jaren Jackson and Miles Bridges after both hired agents to leave school early. Michigan State received good news this week, though, when forward Nick Ward decided to head back to East Lansing.
___
AP Basketball Writer Aaron Beard in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
By John Marshall, The Associated Press
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Eastern Conference Atlantic Division W L PCT GB Westchester 10 5 .667 — Long Island 9 5 .643 ½ Maine 8 7 .533 2 Raptors 4 9 .308 5 Central Division W L PCT GB Fort Wayne 10 4 .714 — Wisconsin 9 5 .643 1 Grand Rapids 7 9 .438 4 Canton 5 7 .417 4 Windy City 5 7 .417 4 Southeast Division W L PCT GB Lakeland 9 5 .643 — Greensboro 5 10 .333 4½ Erie 5 10 .333 4½ Delaware 3 11 .214 6 Western Conference Midwest Division W L PCT GB Oklahoma City 7 7 .500 — Sioux Falls 6 7 .462 ½ Memphis 6 7 .462 ½ Iowa 4 8 .333 2 Pacific Division W L PCT GB South Bay 10 2 .833 — Santa Cruz 10 6 .625 2 Agua Caliente 8 6 .571 3 Northern Arizona 5 8 .385 5½ Reno 4 8 .333 6 Southwest Division W L PCT GB Rio Grande Valley 13 3 .813 — Austin 9 7 .563 4 Texas 7 7 .500 5 Salt Lake City 3 11 .214 9
___
Saturday's Games
Memphis 112, Greensboro 94
Lakeland 109, Fort Wayne 108 OT
Texas 127, Maine 105
Long Island 109, Wisconsin 105
Sunday's Games
Austin 111, Santa Cruz 104
Oklahoma City at Memphis, 5 p.m.
Westchester at Northern Arizona, 5 p.m.
South Bay at Reno, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Texas at Long Island, 7 p.m.
South Bay at Salt Lake City, 9 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham have been handed a difficult clash with Juventus in the last 16 of the Champions League.
Four Premier League clubs - Manchester City, United, Liverpool and Tottenham - topped their groups, ensuring that they would be pitted against one of the second placed teams.
Chelsea dropped to the runners-up spot on the final matchday, leaving them fearing a nightmare draw.
There is a bit of a wait before the last 16 ties are played, with the first legs not taking place until February 13, 14, 20 and 21.
Second legs will take place either on March 6, 7, 13 or 14.
(Image: REUTERS)
Champions League draw in full
Juventus vs Tottenham Hotspur
FC Basel vs Manchester City
More to follow.
Champions League team-by-team guide
BARCELONA
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Coach: Ernesto Valverde
Star man: Lionel Messi
Champions League/European Cup best: Winners 1992, 2006, 2009, 2011, 2015
The LaLiga leaders have shrugged off the loss of Neymar this season and came through Group D unbeaten to top the group above Juventus. They will be top of the list of teams to avoid in the last 16.
BESIKTAS
(Image: 2017 Getty Images)
Coach: Senol Gunes
Star man: Cenk Tosun
Champions League/European Cup best: Quarter-finals 1987
Although they topped a relatively weak Group G ahead of Porto, the reigning Turkish champions have suffered indifferent from this season and sit fifth in the Super Lig table. Few clubs ever fancy an away trip to Istanbul, but there are far tougher teams you could pull out of the hat.
LIVERPOOL
(Image: Getty)
Coach: Jurgen Klopp
Star man: Mohamed Salah
Champions League/European Cup best: Winners 1977, 1978, 1981, 1984, 2005
Liverpool romped to first place in Group E, scoring 23 goals as they ran up the score in big wins over Sevilla and Maribor. With an attacking unit including Salah, Philippe Coutinho, Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino there is no end of goals in this team, but their defensive vulnerabilities remain and may well be exposed as the standard of competition ramps up.
MANCHESTER CITY
(Image: Manchester City FC)
Coach: Pep Guardiola
Star man: Kevin De Bruyne
Champions League/European Cup best: Semi-finals 2016
Guardiola's team have been widely hailed as the best in Europe after a swashbuckling start to the Premier League season, and they cruised through Group F, winning their first five games before fielding a much-changed side away to Shakhtar Donetsk. But converting plaudits into silverware is the task ahead, and these relative Champions League novices still have plenty to prove.
MANCHESTER UNITED
(Image: Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images)
Coach: Jose Mourinho
Star man: Paul Pogba
Champions League/European Cup best: Winners 1968, 1999, 2008
Mourinho's men topped Group A with a mixture of silk and steel as they averaged two goals a game but conceded only three in all six outings. Key summer signing Nemanja Matic has added the missing teeth to United's midfield to go with the goal threat of Romelu Lukaku and the fit-again Zlatan Ibrahimovic, and few teams will fancy taking them on.
PARIS SAINT-GERMAIN
(Image: Bongarts)
Coach: Unai Emery
Star man: Neymar
Champions League/European Cup best: Semi-finals 1995
Paris St Germain have made little secret of the fact the Champions League is their number one priority, and with Ligue 1 appearing to take care of itself - they top the table by nine points - they will go all in. World-record signing Neymar has elevated their game considerably, but Edinson Cavani is keeping up in the scoring rates and they look extremely dangerous.
ROMA
(Image: AFP)
Coach: Eusebio Di Francesco
Star man: Edin Dzeko
Champions League/European Cup best: Runners-up 1984
With Edin Dzeko in the form of their life - the 31-year-old earned a Ballon d'Or nomination this year - Roma managed to edge out Chelsea to top Group C. They are far from the full package, but as Chelsea will attest from their 3-0 hiding in the Italian capital, they should not be underestimated.
TOTTENHAM
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Coach: Mauricio Pochettino
Star man: Harry Kane
Champions League/European Cup best: Semi-finals 1962
They may be struggling to match recent form in the Premier League, but Tottenham are having another coming-of-age season in the Champions League. Their 3-1 win over Real Madrid at Wembley felt like a huge moment, and it is a big achievement to top a group boasting both the current holders and Borussia Dortmund. Just how far can they go?
BASEL
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Coach: Raphael Wicky
Star man: Dmitri Oberlin
Champions League/European Cup best: Quarter-finals 1974
Basel impressed as they finished runners-up to Manchester United in Group A, beating Jose Mourinho's side at home and putting five past Benfica. In Oberlin, the 20-year-old striker on loan from Red Bull Salzburg, they have one of the hottest young properties in European football.
BAYERN MUNICH
(Image: Bongarts)
Coach: Jupp Heynckes
Star man: Robert Lewandowski
Champions League/European Cup best: Winners 1974, 1975, 1976, 2001, 2013
After a slow start to the season Bayern are humming once more under Heynckes, the man who masterminded their last Champions League triumph in 2013. They could only finish runners-up in Group B behind Paris St Germain, but won five of their six group stage matches.
CHELSEA
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Coach: Antonio Conte
Star man: Eden Hazard
Champions League/European Cup best: Winners 2012
With their Premier League title defence faltering, Conte could be tempted to go all in on the Champions League. That said, after finishing runners-up in Group C, they can only be paired with one of Paris St Germain, Barcelona and Besiktas in the last 16, so the task here may be very difficult too.
JUVENTUS
(Image: REUTERS)
Coach: Massimiliano Allegri
Star man: Gianluigi Buffon
Champions League/European Cup best: Winners 1985, 1996
With Gianluigi Buffon seeking a fairytale ending to their career after three times suffering defeat in the Champions League final, Juve are once again leaning heavily on their defence. They kept clean sheets in three of their six group stage matches, including a goalless draw with group winners Barcelona.
PORTO
(Image: AFP)
Coach: Sergio Conceicao
Star man: Vincent Aboubakar
Champions League/European Cup best: Winners 1987, 2004
Porto might be the kindest draw any of the group winners could hope for in the last 16. Runners-up in a weak Group G, they conceded almost two goals a game, and though striker Aboubakar has been in good form, they do not appear to have the weapons to go much further.
REAL MADRID
(Image: REUTERS)
Coach: Zinedine Zidane
Star man: Cristiano Ronaldo
Champions League/European Cup best: Winners 1956, 1957, 1958, 1959, 1960, 1966, 1998, 2000, 2002, 2014, 2016, 2017
The back-to-back winners made a slow start to the season - made clear by the fact they remain fourth in LaLiga - but found their mojo in the Champions League, even if they had to settle for runners-up spot behind Tottenham in Group H. Ballon d'Or winner Ronaldo scored nine goals in the six group matches and they remain as dangerous as they come.
SEVILLA
(Image: Reuters)
Coach: Eduardo Berizzo
Star man: Wissam Ben Yedder
Champions League/European Cup best: Quarter-finals 1958
Sevilla won only two of their Group E fixtures but got through on the back of being hard to beat - all except for the complete aberration which was their 5-1 loss to Spartak Moscow in October. That exposed their key weakness - although they can score plenty, they struggle to keep the back door closed, and kept just one clean sheet against lowly Maribor.
SHAKHTAR DONETSK
(Image: AFP PHOTO / Stanislas VEDMIDSTANISLAS VEDMID/AFP/Getty Images)
Coach: Paulo Fonseca
Star man: Bernard
Champions League/European Cup best: Quarter-finals 2011
Manchester City were always favourites in Group F but Napoli were supposed to follow them through. Shakhtar had other ideas and immediately tore up the script by beating the Italians in their opening match. By the time they wrapped up the group by beating a much-changed City side, Fonseca had to fulfil a promise to turn up to their press conference dressed as Zorro.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A broken washing machine, van seats and piles of household rubbish have been left behind by travellers at West Cambridge site.
A group showed up on the university-owned land off Madingley Road just over two weeks ago with around 20 vehicles.
But the bailiffs moved in today (October 6) to evict them off the site on Ada Lovelace Road.
Among the rubbish left behind was a broken washing machine, damaged van seats, and two broken bikes, one child-sized.
Bin bags, cardboard boxes, gas canisters and horse and dog poo also littered the area.
It is reported the same group have now moved onto land at the end of Histon Road near the A14.
You can now download our free news app, which is available for iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or for Android from Google Play.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Shannon Janelle, a military spouse and mother of two, teamed up with more than 30 other spouses, friends and families to collect donated items for those at Sunrise Hospital, the University Medical Center of Southern Nevada and many other locations.
OTTAWA — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and their public safety minister are delivering messages of sorrow — but not panic — in the aftermath of a Toronto man's deadly rampage through city streets in a van.
In an early morning statement, Trudeau said there is no apparent link to terrorism, adding that all Canadians are standing with Toronto as it continues to reel from the attack.
"The events that took place yesterday in Toronto were a senseless attack and a horrific tragedy," Trudeau said, extending condolences to the victims and thanks to the first responders on the scene.
"They handled this extremely difficult situation with professionalism and bravery. They faced danger without a moment of hesitation, and there is no doubt that their courage saved lives and prevented further injuries."
But while Trudeau says the investigation into the incident is still underway, they say there is no evidence to suggest there is a "national security element" to the situation.
"All Canadians are with Toronto today — in our hearts, in our prayers and in our thoughts."
Meanwhile, Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale, who happens to be in Toronto for a meeting with other G7 national security ministers, says the attack has led to "a very large homicide investigation," with city police at the helm and every level of government taking part.
Goodale thanked other countries, especially the United States, for their condolences and offers of help. And he, too, commended the first responders.
Like Trudeau, they reiterated that the investigation "what happened and why" has only just begun, but sees no reason to draw any links to a national security risk or organized attack.
The attack began Monday afternoon when a man allegedly drove a van down a busy stretch of sidewalk on Yonge Street in the city's north end.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dozens of emergency bed spaces will be made available this weekend as temperatures fall below freezing.
The Severe Weather Emergency Protocol (SWEP) has been activated by the homelessness charities and council as temperatures fall to freezing on Sunday night, February 4.
And with negative-degree weather forecasted by the Met Office for Monday and Tuesday night as well, the protocol will see night shelters open up more beds for rough sleepers in Bristol.
More than 100 extra bed spaces will be available from Sunday night when the cold weather hits. Volunteers and staff will be working over this weekend to prepare the extra provision.
A statement from the Julian Trust, which runs one of the night shelters, read: “Severe Weather Emergency Protocol activated from Sunday night in Bristol.
“It is likely that we will have a longer period of cold weather beginning on Sunday night.
“The Compass Centre will be open from 3pm until 6pm on Sunday for rough sleepers to attend and be allocated placements.
“If you are concerned about a person rough sleeping please direct them to the Compass Centre on Sunday.”
Crisis Centre Ministries, which runs the Wild Goose Café in Stapleton Road, added: “The Met office are forecasting a spell of cold weather from this Sunday for more than three nights, so the Severe Weather EmergencyProtocol will be activated in Bristol.
“Please direct rough sleepers on Sunday to the Compass Centre.”
The SWEP is activated when there are three consecutive nights of extreme weather forecasted.
It will be coordinated from the Compass Centre in 1 Jamaica Street, Bristol, which is run by St Mungo's.
Bristol City Council said priority for access to SWEP spaces will be decided by the Outreach team. People will be allocated bed spaces from the Compass Centre and advised on how to reach the hostel bed spaces.
The night shelters are run by St Mungo's, The Julian Trust, Caring in Bristol and Crisis Centre Ministries, who are all part of the Rough Sleeping Partnership, set up by Bristol City Council.
Mayor Marvin Rees said: “Homelessness remains one of the biggest problems we face in the city. It is a complex problem without a single, clear solution.
“While these shelter beds provide a vital lifeline in the short term, we are working hard to get organisations across the city to come together to progress towards long term change.
“With the cold weather setting in, it remains our priority to get people off the streets and find sustainable solutions and safe, supportive environments for some of the city's most vulnerable people.”
(Image: Dave Betts/ Freelance)
David Ingerslev, project manager at St Mungo's and Rough Sleeping Partnership lead, said: “It is free for people to stay at our night shelters but we rely heavily on fundraising and volunteers.
“The donation stations are helping bring new support to the original #SOSBristol fundraising campaign.
“It is vital we connect with people rough sleeping and offer them a safer life away from the streets. It is dangerous for anyone to be sleeping rough, dangerous to their physical and mental health.”
How you can help
Streetlink
If you are concerned about someone who is rough sleeping ANYONE can make a street referral via Streetlink.org.uk giving the following information:
the rough sleeper's name (if known)
physical description
any distinguishing characteristics (e.g. colour of distinctive clothing/possessions/sleeping bag or distinctive accent)
specific location where the person is sleeping
Time they were seen
Donations
Safer off the Streets (#SOSBristol): The four charities that provide night shelters to support rough sleepers have come together to set up a single, online crowdfunding appeal that offers people the chance to donate a specific sum - £17 – to provide one bed for one night to a homeless person. https://www.fundsurfer.com/project/bristol-rough-sleeping-partnership
Volunteering
None of our night shelters can operate without the dedication of volunteers, and in Bristol, helping the homeless by giving up a night a week or a night a month is the best way. You can contact the charities directly:
Young Bodden Towners shined in Round Eight of the Proud of Them 2017 awards… With half of the awardees hailing from the Eastern district.
The 12 awardees were nominated in the areas of academics, sports, community service and culture and were all honoured in a ceremony at George Town yacht club on 29 November.
Each honouree received a proud of them a certificate and $500. The honourees will also be profiled in the local media.
The full list of recipients were; Sarah Clair Jackson, 17, GT, – academics; Brianna Bodden,16, BT – Academics; Anja van Genderen, BT – academics; Kareem Foster, 17, BT, – Sports; Joshewa Frederick-Charlery, 20, GT – Sports; Jonathan Key, 18, GT – Academics; Jared McGill, GT – Community Service; Bradley McLaughlin, 15, BT – Culture; Jenelle McLaughlin, 23, GT – George Town, Academics/Community Service; Isabella Powery, 14, WB – Sports; Janelle Syms, 19, WB – Academics and Ashli Welcome, 22 , BT – Academics.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
× Accident shuts down I-70 westbound, child critically injured
ST. LOUIS – First responders are on the scene of a serious multi-vehicle accident on I-70 just west of downtown St. Louis. Paramedics are treating multiple patients and have transported one critically injured child.
Authorities have shut down the interstate at St. Louis Avenue.
How much do the entrepreneurs in Kyrgyzstan spend on payment of taxes. The head of IFC office Martin Naegele told at the presentation on the study of costs of business to comply with mandatory requirements of tax legislation.
According to him, the annual economic effect of the reforms and reduction of the administrative burden on private business is estimated at $ 1.8 million in 2014 and 2.2 million — in 2016.
The average cost of one taxpayer for administration of all taxes in 2012 was 30,000 soms, by 2016 it fell to 25,600 soms, or 13%.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Rafa Benitez has revealed their obsession with coaching started when they were just 13 years old.
Their junior side had just won the ­Madrid championship, and they compiled notes on their team-mates and academy training sessions.
“I was giving points and marks to our players after every game, writing down the top scorers. I still have everything stacked in my office,” says the Newcastle manager. “When I was 16, I was coach in the summer, and a player. When I was at university – at 17, 18 – I was player, coach, manager, and was playing for Real ­Madrid.”
Notebooks turned to databases.
“I used MS-DOS, then learned Basic, to hold the info.”
They had a Commodore 64.
(Image: Newcastle United/Getty)
(Image: Newcastle United/Getty)
“I have all the training sessions of my players. For instance, my coaches here at Newcastle, Antonio Gomez Perez and Mikel Antia... I saw them play at 16 and now they are 45 and with me. I have them on my computers!”
More than 40 years on, Benitez is still obsessed, consumed by ­football, and teaching their Newcastle players that “little details ­matter”, on a training camp in Spain.
“You're trying for perfection. You know that it's impossible, but you try,” they say. “You have to get as much as you can right.”
Benitez has just completed their second year in charge at St James' Park.
Plenty has gone right — a promotion to the Premier League. A solid 13th so far in a bid to stay in the top flight. The loyal backing of ­Geordie fans, which has kept the club united during a difficult first season back in the elite.
(Image: Newcastle United/Getty)
(Image: Newcastle United/Getty)
Plenty still frustrates — transfer ­windows especially, when money is tight, and decision-making glacial-slow.
So why is Benitez still at Newcastle? What can this multiple trophy winner, and European master, achieve on Tyneside?
They explain: “What my teams usually do is compete, with the chance to win. When I say winning, I don't mean just games, I mean winning trophies.
“Can we do that? We would need some time, but you never know in the cups.
“I can see the potential for this club to be in the top 10 and even higher. Higher — could be in the top-eight, but not just for one year then finishing 15th for three years in a row. No.
“You have to be in the top 10, then the top eight, then top seven, six. To do that you need a structure. You have to have the basement ready and then you have to build on that.”
(Image: Newcastle United/Getty)
(Image: Newcastle United/Getty)
Whether owner Mike Ashley is ­prepared to help the 57-year-old Spaniard does that ­remains to be seen, but they want ­freedom to keep making changes.  They are Toon's best, probably only, chance of ­stability.
Benitez added: “I feel this ­support and I feel this responsibility that I have to do well, every single decision I try to analyse carefully.
“We have to keep the team in the ­Premier League and build again. When I see a lot of fans behind me supporting me, I am really proud of that, and feel the responsibility. I am happy with that.
“You try to change 20 per cent, 30 per cent, hopefully next year will be another 20 per cent, another 50 per cent. I came here with the idea to compete and to create a strong team and a strong club, to compete every year. If we stay up, the idea is to improve.
“The way Newcastle United were doing things doesn't mean they were right, ­because they were going down. We ­cannot make the same mistakes.
(Image: Serena Taylor)
“We have been working for these two years and we know each other much ­better. We have more options to send the right message across and to do things better. I think we will have more chances to attract better players. At some clubs you know that the fans do not care or that they are against you, it's not the same passion, the same feeling.
“Here, I know that a lot of fans trust me and they have confidence that we can do well. To compete and be capable of ­winning something, you need to be stronger, you have to have the plan. The process, everything, has to be clearer.
“I am pleased with this job. I enjoy it when I watched our second goal against Southampton, and you see the players doing the thing you've talked about.
“The club has to keep learning.”
BENITEZ ON... Their GRUELLING NEWCASTLE WORK-DAY
Rafa Benitez has revealed they spend more than 12 hours a day planning Newcastle's survival battle.
Explaining their typical day, the former Liverpool and Real Madrid boss said: “I get in early in the morning – between 7.30am and 8.30am. Not just me, my staff. Sometimes I leave at 8pm. We train, we have lunch, we talk, we watch videos. Talking with players, talking with the staff.
“If we can enjoy it, we try to enjoy it.
(Image: Newcastle United/Getty)
(Image: Newcastle United/Getty)
“I have the big screen in the office so I like to stay there when I am preparing for games because it's easier. If you go home, you have just a computer.
“My staff will see three of four games of whoever it is we are playing. Our analysts prepare the report. They give 90 minutes of clips and Antonio Gomez (coach) will reduce it to maybe 35-45 minutes.
“Then I reduce it to around 12-15 minutes to give the players exactly what they need to know about the opponents — you make sure they can see counter-attacks, set-pieces, goals.
“So for every 15-minute clip they watch, me and the staff have watched hours . We prepare clips for every player, for the defenders or the strikers. We are working every single day just to try to improve by one per cent.”
BENITEZ ON... BEING SECOND-GUESSED BY Their OWN FAMILY
The Newcastle manager says their greatest escape is their family – and admits that their daughters love giving them advice.
Benitez says wife Maria keeps their opinions on Newcastle's progress to themselves but daughters Claudia and Agata, aged 19 and 15, are not backward in coming forward.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“My wife does not give too much football advice,” said the 57-year-old, “but my daughter is always saying ‘Why did you do this?' Or ‘You have to do this, you have to change this player.' Everybody has their favourites!
“I am older than my players so it's good that my daughters are 19 and 15. They know this environment, social network, Instagram, Snapchat, how they communicate.
“They know more or less the trends. I keep in touch through them. You know that the players, once they sit down at a table, are sending messages and talking between themselves.”
BENITEZ ON... SEEING AND HEARING IF SOMEONE CAN PLAY
Though they use the mountains of data available to clubs these days, Rafa Benitez still wants to hear the thud of boot on ball to assess players.
(Image: Newcastle United/Getty)
They revealed: “One thing I don't want to do - and it's a key thing - is lost the feeling. The feeling. It's not just what the data is telling you. It's the feeling.
“Because I was playing football, I know how you feel when you make a mistake.
“Like a lot of professionals, I can hear when you are kicking the ball properly or not (he smacks their hands together), just by the sound. I like to see players. You can't lose the human touch.”
New Delhi: Following their world record 222 million euros move to Paris-Saint Germain, Neymar wasted no time in getting their name on the scoresheet. The Brazilian forward first set one up for Edinson Cavani and later the Uruguayan striker turned provider to help Neymar open their scoring account in 3-0 win over Guingamp.
The former Barcelona star was handed a start by coach Unai Emery for the game in Brittany, two days after international clearance came through for their rather controversial move from Spain.
The 25-year-old, at home in PSG`s all yellow change kit, played a part in the own goal scored by Jordan Ikoko that gave the away side the lead early in the second half.
They then set up the second goal for Cavani with a superb pass in behind the Guingamp defence before completing a comfortable victory with their team`s third goal eight minutes from the end as PSG made it two wins from two to start the French season.
Here's Neymar's amazing through ball to set up Cavani:
Here's Neymar's debut goal for the French giants:
They had taken the place of Javier Pastore in the Paris side in the only change from last week`s 2-0 win over Amiens, completing a 350 million-euro front three with fellow South Americans Cavani and Angel Di Maria.
Neymar was one of four Brazilians in the PSG line-up, not including Brazil-born Italy midfielder Thiago Motta, for the game played before a sell-out crowd at the 18,000-capacity Stade du Roudourou.
"People think that leaving Barça is to die, but no, it`s the opposite," Neymar told reporters.
"I`m more alive than ever. I play, I`m very happy, and football is the same. Only the country, the city and the team change, but football is the same."
Here are the full highlights of the match:
PSG are second in the fledgling table, behind Lyon on goal difference. They are one of five teams to have maximum points after two games.
(With AFP inputs)
Sicamous RCMP say a collision between two semis on the Bruhn Bridge Friday morning could have had substantially worse results.
Sgt. Murray McNeil reports at 11:30 a.m on Oct. 6, a westbound tractor trailer sideswiped an eastbound tractor trailer on the bridge. Police arrived on the scene to find the drivers of both rigs had parked on the shoulder of Highway 1 while the bridge remained littered with debris from the collision.
“The investigation determined that the driver of the westbound semi crossed the centre of the bridge into the lane of the oncoming eastbound truck,” said McNeil.
The driver's side mirrors were sheared off both rigs while the front corner of the westbound trailer was torn open. McNeil adds the eastbound trailer also suffered significant damage.
Neither driver was injured.
Despite the debris, the highway remained open following the collision.
McNeil said the driver of the westbound truck, a 51-year-old Ontario man, was charged with crossing a double solid line.
“The incident could have easily resulted in significant injuries to the drivers, and a lengthy closure of the No. 1 highway… was narrowly avoided,” said McNeil.
Mumbai: Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited (ZEEL) is all set to bring Bollywood a step closer to the international audiences with its new celebrity chat show ‘Starry Nights'. You will be amazed to know that the program has been designed keeping in mind the international territories.
‘Starry Nights' is being hosted by trade analyst Komal Nahta. But, wait! Don't think of it as an ordinary talk show. Interestingly, the show will bring forward the hilarious and witty side of Bollywood celebs with quirky conversations.
The program will take the television sets by storm from the first week of January 2017 on ZEE's international channels.
Amit Goenka, CEO – International Broadcast Business, ZEEL said, “With a presence in 171 countries and content available in 9 foreign languages, ZEE has emerged as a truly world-scale player, offering rich, innovative and engaging content to a wide cross-section of audiences. Bollywood's popularity is growing across continents and with Starry Nights, it will be the first time that a celeb chat show of this stature has been produced. Featuring the best of Bollywood, the show aims to reach over 332 million viewers across all international territories.”
Speaking on their association, Nahta said, “I was thrilled at the offer to host Starry Nights as it was outside my comfort zone. All these years I have spoken of box-office collections but this show has given me an opportunity to be associated with the glamour instead of the grind.”
Sharing further details on the new property, Rajeev Kheror, President - Content & Strategy, International Business, ZEEL said, “Starry Nights is about the journey of our favorite film celebrities. It is different from other chat shows where celebs talk about their films and latest releases. Here we come closer to the individual personality of the celebrity, their true character and their desires. The 40 episode series will feature the best of the industry, including global superstars like Aamir Khan, Karan Johar, Hrithik Roshan, Anushka Sharma, Kangana Ranaut, Alia Bhatt, Anil Kapoor, Sushant Singh Rajput, Vidya Balan and Manish Malhotra among others. While the show has been shot in English, to reach local audiences across the globe, it will be dubbed or sub-titled in several languages including German, Spanish and Arabic.”
Starry Nights has been conceptualized and produced by Fatema Contractor, Programming Head, ZEE International. Speaking on the concept, they said “We are honored to be creating a celeb chat show at a global level in association with Komal Nahta. Starry Nights manages to go beyond the reel and reveal the real side of celebrities.”
The starry line-up of guests includes Arjun Kapoor, Sonam Kapoor, Farah Khan, Aditya Roy Kapoor, Shraddha Kapoor, Zoya Akhtar, Imtiaz Ali, Tiger Shroff and many more. So get ready to witness the perfect blend of comedy, drama, romance and admiration with your favorite Bollywood stars on the couch.
To catch your favourite celebs, tune in to:
· Zee Cinema (US) every Friday @ 1930
· Zing (US) every Sunday @ 1930
· Zee Bollywood every Saturday @ 1930
· Zee TV (US) every Sunday @ 1800
· Zee TV (Canada) every Saturday @ 1800
· Zee TV (Caribbean) every Sunday @ 1730
· Zee TV (APAC) every Saturday @ 1830
· Zee TV (Africa) every Sunday @ 1530
· Zing (Europe) every Sunday @ 1930
FARGO, N.D. — Matt Mooney scored 21 points, Triston Simpson and Nick Fuller 13 apiece and South Dakota fought off a furious second-half rally and beat North Dakota State 76-72 on Saturday.
Mooney had 18 points and hit all three of their 3-pointers to propel the Coyotes (20-6, 8-2 Summit) to a 44-24 halftime lead. South Dakota hit 7 of 12 from distance in opening up the 20-point advantage. But the Coyotes went cold in the second half, missing seven of their first eight shots, and two free throws by Deng Geu pulled the Bison (12-12, 4-5) within 52-42 with 12 1/2 minutes remaining.
Paul Miller scored 12 with two 3-pointers that began and ended a 14-6 spurt, and North Dakota State trailed 68-65 with 1:44 left. But Tyler Peterson scored seven straight for the Coyotes — four free throws and a 3-pointer — and Mooney made 1 of 2 free throws with six seconds to go to preserve the win. Peterson finished with 12 points.
Miller paced the Bison with 24 points, five rebounds and four assists, while Tyson Ward scored 11 with 11 rebounds for their sixth double-double of the season.
SAINT-MARS-LA-REORTHE, France — Chris Froome has asked Tour de France fans to let them race in peace, even if they doubt the recent ruling that cleared them of doping allegations.
The British cyclist has been targeted by spectators in the past. During the 2015 Tour, they said a man threw a cup of urine at them while yelling "doper".
With the latest edition beginning on Saturday, five days after the International Cycling Union finally ruled Froome had won last year's Spanish Vuelta cleanly, the four-time Tour winner offered an alternative way for skeptical fans to show their distrust.
"Support the race in a positive way, don't bring negativity," they said on Wednesday in western France. "In terms of safety I obviously would encourage fans of the sport to come watch the race, and if you are not necessarily a Chris Froome fan or a Sky fan, come to the race and put a jersey on of another team you do support. That would be my advice."
A cloud hung over Froome after a urine sample taken during the Vuelta in September showed a concentration of the asthma drug salbutamol that was twice the permitted level.
After months of silence, the UCI said Froome's result did not represent an adverse finding, which could have led them to be stripped of their Vuelta victory, and a suspension.
The UCI's ruling ensured they could compete at the Tour after race organizer ASO had informed Team Sky it would forbid Froome from entering until the doping case was decided.
Their use of asthma medication has been well documented and they often use inhalers during races. World Anti-Doping Agency rules state an athlete can be cleared for excessive salbutamol use if they prove it was due to an appropriate therapeutic dosage.
Froome said they understand it may take time for fans to believe they are not a cheat.
"But that data is available, and I would like to think that as people understand that more, they will understand my decision to keep on racing knowing I have certainly done nothing wrong," Froome said. "Of course it has been damaging. As it is right now I'm just happy to draw a line in the sand and move on and focus on bike racing."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stalkers and domestic abusers should be forced to wear GPS trackers which would alert their victims if they are nearby, campaigners have demanded.
They say plans to fit offenders with electronic tags included in the government's draft domestic abuse bill launched by Theresa May last month do not go far enough.
Liz Saville-Roberts, Plaid Cymru's home affairs spokesperson, has urged ministers to introduce a system where the offender wears a device that transmits an alert directly to the victim and police if a restraining order is breached.
They said: “We know that manufacturers could develop simple devices based on transmitters and receivers that could provide a vital extra layer of security for victims and genuinely reduce the incidents of re-offending by convicted stalkers and abusers.
“A victim would carry a receiver and be alerted if their abuser were to enter a court-imposed exclusion zone, with the police also receiving an alert in high-risk incidences.
(Image: Getty Images)
"Above all, it would give the victim an increased sense of safety and confidence - something that is taken for granted by most of us but is severely lacking amongst some victims of abuse.”
Laura Lyons, 32, was victim of a campaign of domestic abuse and “honour”-based violence.
They escaped their marriage in 2013 and had to move several times along with their young daughter.
Ms Lyons, also a women's rights campaigner, said: “I think it would definitely help people. In my own personal view, it would be extremely helpful to know if the perpetrator was in my vicinity.
"This would then enable me to notify the police and get to a place of safety.
“It doesn't ever go away. A lot of women who experience violence and abuse for years and years are extremely worried about the person finding them and hurting them again. They might be outside your house and you would have no idea.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
“This sounds like an excellent idea and one I would fully support. However, the equipment and software used must be extremely well-tested ensuring that perpetrators can not find away around it, thus luring victims into a false sense of security.”
Director of the Victims' Rights Campaign, Harry Fletcher, said: “Our proposals are about improving safety and public confidence, and allowing victims of domestic abuse and stalking to live their lives without fear.
"Manufacturers have told us that that they could develop these simple devices and it is important that the Government takes these ideas on board and gives them serious consideration.
“Safety must take priority over cost to the Ministry of Justice. Indeed, if safety was paramount it would reduce health costs.”
The draft Domestic Abuse Bill also proposes tougher sentences where children are involved and more support for victims who testify in court.
It includes a new definition of economic abuse - if people are denied access to jobs or money, or forced to take loans.
Gas prices across B.C. vary, with lowest in Vernon and highest in – you guessed it – Metro Vancouver
Everyone is talking about the soaring price of gas lately – and not just in B.C.'s most gridlock-prone cities.
According to GasBuddy.com, gas stations in Vernon are offering the lowest prices across the province as of Tuesday afternoon, sitting steady at about 117.9 cents per litre. Prince George is next in line, with 119 cents per litre on average.
Some of the highest costs, meanwhile, are being recorded in Metro Vancouver, to the tune of 154 cents and above.
Dan McTeague, a senior petroleum analyst with Gasbuddy.com, has pointed to a months-long national trend in which Canadians are seeing an average increase of 15 cents a litre compared to last year.
Causes include increased demand, gas shortages, and refineries shutting down for spring maintenance.
READ MORE: B.C. gas prices to hit the highest levels in years: forecast
Here's where gas prices stand today across the province:
Cranbrook:
Victoria:
Surrey:
Vernon:
Castlegar:
100 Mile House:
Revelstoke:
Port McNeill:
Summerland:
Trail:
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Employees working for embattled engineering giant GKN are concerned a takeover of the company might put jobs at risk.
GKN, which employs 1,600 in its aerospace division at Filton and 300 people at Western Approach in Avonmouth, is currently trading barbs with US turnaround investors Melrose after rejecting a hostile £7.4billion bid, which GKN said would “saddle the business” with a higher debt offer.
The “preliminary and unsolicited proposal from Melrose” in January was rejected unanimously by the GKN board and saw shares in the engineering firm leap 20 per cent to 397.6p immediately following the announcement.
GKN, which manufacturers aerospace and automotive parts, issued a blistering rebuttal after the bid, accusing Melrose of making “fake” claims and “misleading statements”.
Anne Stevens, chief executive of GKN, called the offer "derisory". They said: "Melrose is trying to buy GKN on the cheap and with GKN's own money, just at the point when our company is beginning to reap the benefits of its long-term investments."
But employees at the Filton site remain “seriously concerned” what might happen if a takeover occurs.
Dale Howarth, an employee at the site and a Unite union representative, said: “If this takeover happens I'm worried about what impact it will have for all employees.
“The threat of this happening is very real and something that is not to be ignored. The effect it could have on local families, businesses and a large proportion of the South West community is unthinkable.”
Mr Howarth says GKN and Unite have the support of Bristol mayor Marvin Rees and other local MPs.
They added: “We've had meetings and they agree that our business needs to be protected to protect the smaller businesses around us.
“People need to stand up and be counted so we can have more years to come at Filton and all GKN sites around the world. Over 100 years of high-tech manufacturing at site cannot and must not be lost.”
This is the latest twist in the ongoing takeover tussle – and follows a report in the Daily Telegraph that the UK Government has ordered senior officials to assess whether the takeover is in the public interest.
Melrose swooped on GKN after profit warnings in October and November following problems at its US aerospace division sent shares tumbling.
A spokesperson at GKN said: "GKN senior managers and all plant managers are in contact with our chief executive Anne Stevens and finance director Jos Sclater on a regular basis, and GKN is updating employees through regular bulletins.
"We are working hard to ensure union representatives are kept fully informed. The company is also responding as fully and quickly as it can to employees' questions."
South Korea Prepares To Spend $13 Billion On Winter Olympics. Is It Worth It?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ahn Young-joon/AP Ahn Young-joon/AP
The brand-new Olympic stadium in Pyeongchang, South Korea, will be used just four times before it's decommissioned after the Winter Olympics and Paralympics. The venue will be used for opening and closing ceremonies for two Olympics and then it will be demolished.
The $109 million stadium is raising questions about whether hosting the Olympics is worth the cost for cities that don't have existing infrastructure to accommodate the event. The Pyeongchang stadium is one of several new arenas, event spaces and lodging structures built for the Olympics, which could cost South Korea nearly $13 billion.
Despite bold plans to repurpose Olympic buildings, past host cities, such as Rio de Janeiro and Athens, have been left with vacant, decaying sports complexes. Organizers in South Korea are planning to demolish some of the new buildings after the games, rather than risk them becoming white elephants, says Judith Grant-Long, an associate professor of sport management at the University of Michigan and a co-director of the Michigan Center for Sport and Policy.
"It's not so unusual to see temporary facilities used in the context of the Olympics, but this moves the needle towards disposable facilities," they tell Here & Now's Peter O'Dowd. "And I think the cost of this particular venue at approximately $100 million is really making people sit up and take notice about the costs associated with building venues."
The region's modest population is one reason why repurposing the stadium doesn't make much economic sense. There are only about 40,000 people in Pyeongchang County, which makes it almost impossible to regularly fill the new stadium that seats 35,000.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Milos Bicanski/Getty Images Milos Bicanski/Getty Images
South Korean officials are hoping the Olympics will boost the area's population by creating a new tourism cluster, Grant-Long says. Olympic organizers in Sochi, Russia, had similar goals, but unlike Russians, South Koreans don't care much for winter sports. A survey taken last April by the South Korean Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism found that only 35.6 percent of people were interested in the Winter Olympics.
"The other issue with the success of this particular strategy in that location is that South Koreans at this point in time are not particularly a winter sport people," Grant-Long says. "So the idea of creating a tourism strategy that's based on winter sports, skiing and so forth, has not necessarily been a well-received idea from an economic development point of view."
Financial problems after the Olympics and other international sports events are common. It took Montreal 30 years to pay off its debts after the 1976 Olympics. The city's Olympic stadium was recently transformed into a refugee welcome center for asylum seekers entering Canada from the U.S.
Athens spent more than $15 billion to stage the Summer Games in 2004, adding to the country's debt and sparking the current economic turmoil. The games did bring much-needed development to the metro system, highways and an airport, but graffiti-covered stadiums remain unused.
In Rio, organizers are still staring down $40 million in debt incurred during the 2016 summer games after ambitious plans to convert arenas into schools collapsed. And the $550 million World Cup stadium in Brasilia, Brazil, was turned into a bus parking lot after the 2015 soccer tournament.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mario Tama/Getty Images Mario Tama/Getty Images
"Most countries end up with a lot of debt, a lot of white elephants, and quite a bit of infrastructure investment that is not ideal for the type of development needs that the city has," Andy Zimbalist, a professor of economics at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., told NPR in 2014.
Experts say most cities that decide to host the Olympics will confront mountains of debt, especially if they don't have the infrastructure already. Construction companies often drive city officials to make higher bids by presenting more elaborate plans.
"If you're going to organize the games, you have to be prepared for financial surprises - I'll put it politely - and debt," Olympic historian David Wallechinsky told NPR last year. "But it can be done, and it has been done. The London Games didn't lose money. The 1984 Los Angeles Olympics made a profit, and in fact, that profit has been put to wonderful use."
The 1984 Games generated a $225-million surplus, which has been used to support American Olympic efforts and local youth sports organiztions over the past three decades, according to The Los Angeles Times.
At the end of last year, Paris and Los Angeles were chosen to host the Olympic Games in 2024 and 2028. The International Olympic Committee says the cities were designated because of their plans to use a "record-breaking number of existing and temporary facilities."
Grant-Long says choosing those cities is part of the IOC's goal "to figure out what is a sustainable path forward, and it's either a single site, a set of permanent sites, or really recalibrating the games around a much more modest idea."
Getting the flu is SAFER than getting the flu shot, warns doctor by: Ethan Huff – Natural News
Influenza season is upon us once again, and this year the mainstream media is going hog wild with reports about a deadly new strain of circulating “wild” flu that's said to be exceptionally virulent. But before you rush out to get a flu shot as “protection,” you might want to take a closer look at what the science has to say about the safety and efficacy of these often-hyped jabs.
During a recent interview with Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, vaccine truth advocate Dr. Suzanne Humphries shared their expertise about flu shots, explaining how the adverse events they observed in conjunction with their use was what drove them to more deeply investigate the nature of vaccines at large. In the process, they discovered that flu shots really don't work, and often cause more problems than they're said to prevent.
Them book Dissolving Illusions is filled with this information as well. They discuss concepts like antibody-dependent enhancement, a vaccine-induced phenomenon in which proteins that would otherwise prevent viruses from entering cells actually facilitate their invasion. They also discuss other concepts like original antigenic sin, also known as the Hoskins effect, which is basically vaccine-induced damage to the immune system that overrides its ability to naturally ward off disease.
Dr. Humphries is well-versed in these and many other aspects of vaccination that most of their critics have likely never even heard of, let alone understand. And much of this translates to their understanding about the flu vaccine, which they say is completely useless in most cases, and stands to harm more than help. The media loves to spread the narrative that people are dying left and right because they aren't getting their flu shots, but Dr. Humphries points to vaccines as the most likely culprit.
“Some of the most pro-vaccine scientists have been writing about this for years,” says Dr. Humphries about the common occurrence of flu shots actually giving people the flu – or worse.
“There's one great study that showed that after you take an influenza vaccine, you are 4-5 times more likely to get either a different strain of influenza infection or a non-influenza viral infection that can be very nasty, like coxsackievirus and echovirus – they can actually paralyze you. They can be really nasty, nasty viruses, as opposed to the people who got saline placebo, which we actually don't see very often … those studies are out there and can prove that what we're saying is actually true.”
You can watch the full video interview between Dr. Humphries and the Health Ranger on YouTube or on Vimeo.
It's far better to just eat and live healthy rather than get vaccinated
As a nephrologist, Dr. Humphries also observed plenty of cases of liver damage associated with flu shots. It very well could be that these non-influenza viral infections are putting enormous strain on bodily systems such as the liver, which for many patients ends up developing into full-blown liver disease.
It's much better, in their view, to not get the flu shot – or any shot, for that matter – because the human body is naturally equipped to not only fight pathogenic invaders when presented with them, but also to develop an immunity to them. And unlike vaccine-induced “immunity,” which never lasts and is questionable to begin with, natural immunity lasts a lifetime.
“I've pretty much studied vaccines more than I've studied any other subject in medicine – more than I've studied nephrology, and probably more hours than I put in for medical school, because I feel really driven to do it and it doesn't feel like work to me,” says Dr. Humphries.
“So what I would say is that, anyone in my family who has any respect for me, I would advise them not to take a vaccine ever. I don't care how old you are. I think that they're all potentially dangerous, and I think that they're not necessary. I think there are much better ways to deal with potential illness.”
Learn More – Natural News
Sharing is caring!
15 of the most hilarious fake Pro Evolution Soccer player names - can you guess the real life star?
Durlmints? Law Kit? Michael Kruger? These are the weirdest and downright bizarre player names in PES history
It was time for celebrations when the revamped Longridge Towneley Community Garden was officially opened by not one, but two mayors.
The mayor of Longridge Coun Paul Byrne and Ribble Valley mayor Coun Stuart Carefoot did the honours, marking the compeltion of an £18,500 project.
VIP guests with the new information panel for Towneley Community Garden
Town residents and visitors can now enjoy taking time out or a picnic at four new eight-seater picnic tables, delight in a raised bed scented sensory garden and learn more about the history of the park, which is situated off Berry Lane, from new information boards.
Organisers from the Garden's working party say the project has brought members of the community together with a common aim - to make a positive impact on the lives of residents.
It has been a two and a half year project, backed by funding from five sources - the Tesco Bags of Help scheme, Longridge Town Council, CLOG funding – support for people with dementia, the Duchy of Lancaster and Longridge and North Preston Rotary Club.
Volunteers from the town council, the Longridge Community Gym, the Longridge Heritage Trust and Longridge and North Preston Rotary have all been involved, as have local businesses.
Angie Harrison, co-manager of the town's Community Gym and working party lead member, said: “The opening was a celebration of the two and a half years of work completing and we wanted everyone who had supported the project to come along and celebrate with us. We want to thank the working party for all their efforts.”
Now visitors can access the gardens from the town's main street, Berry Lane, under a distinctive custom made archway which references the history of Longridge ,including its mill heritage.
The entrance to the gardens has been widened to make it more inviting.
Other work has included:
• Planting of seasonal bulbs with the help of local primary school pupils
• The development of a photographic record featuring the wildlife and biodiversity of the gardens which now features on a large noticeboard
• The re-development of a Longridge heritage trail
• The development of a measured mile loop in the gardens
• The raised bed, planted with a variety of flowers, plants and herbs for visual and sensory stimulation, has been designed to be dementia friendly. It also features Longridge stone.
• The garden will be visited by judges from Britain in Bloom on July 3.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For decades, the oppressed albino men and women of Tanzania's remote Ukerewe Island have been hidden away from the outside world.
Now, thanks to an amazing record producer who offered some of them a lifeline, they can call themselves live music performers who have wowed massive crowds in Britain.
Theirs is an inspirational tale that could change things forever for hundreds like them who are persecuted, ridiculed, and killed.
At their debit live show at the WOMAD music festival in Wiltshire last weekend, the Tanzania Albinism Collective was one of the big surprises.
No one knew what to expect from the four performers – three men and one woman – who had only arrived in the UK two days before.
(Image: TIM ANDERSON)
This was their first ever trip outside Ukerewe, a four-hour ferry ride from mainland Tanzania, and it would have been normal to be overwhelmed.
Instead these musical novices charmed the thousand-strong audience in a show unlike anything any had witnessed before, and are unlikely to see again.
What happened on stage was an outpouring of anger and pent-up emotion from a group kept behind closed doors because of their skin colour.
In Tanzania, albinos are regarded as an embarrassment by their own families.
For generations, they have suffered appalling abuse and lived with the permanent fear of being killed because of a genetic condition which gives them pale skin, hair and eyes.
(Image: TIM ANDERSON)
Albinos are hunted and persecuted because of a belief common across East Africa that their body parts can transmit magical powers.
Under the influence of witch doctors, people cast albinos aside as demons within their own villages, and even in their own family homes.
Ukerewe, an island stranded in giant Lake Victoria, was the place where Tanzanians with albino children dumped their unwanted offspring.
So the arrival of some of the members of the Tanzania Albinism Collective from Ukerewe at WOMAD in Wiltshire and also in London was a remarkable achievement.
After a lifetime of exclusion, not only have they left the island, they boarded an aircraft to Britain, went in lifts and escalators for the first time, and saw sights they would never believe existed.
(Image: TIM ANDERSON)
One of them is singer Amidu Didascalie Lucas, 24.
Speaking to me exclusively before the group's groundbreaking performance at the world music festival, Amidu said: “We are treated differently because of our condition, because we look different.
“Growing up was so difficult because we were made to realise we were not accepted. The other children would not play with me when I was young. I had to play alone, and of course that meant that I had no self-confidence at all.
“We would not be allowed to go outside by our own families. We were all discriminated against and mistreated from a very young age. I remember that when we had visitors my parents would tell me to go in, out of the way, so I wasn't seen.
“I was an embarrassment to them. They would never travel anywhere with me because they didn't want anyone to know they had a child with albinism.
“What happened when I was a child definitely affected my behaviour as an adult. The stigma of being an albino never goes away; it is there for the whole of your life. Nothing changes; we are never treated as equal members of society.
(Image: TIM ANDERSON)
“When I got older and start wanting to meet girls I was always rejected by their families. Most people with albinism on Ukerewe have never left the island. There were some who were kept so apart from everyone else that they didn't even realise there were other people who looked like them.”
Amidu and the other members of the group were brought together by Grammy-winning producer Ian Brennan, who travelled to Ukerewe to discover these people.
They also wanted to establish a musical project in the hope of perhaps recording an album, giving them a voice for the first time.
What struck Ian upon their arrival is that the albinos were so marginalised that they were even denied water from the well.
The aim of the Tanzania Albinism Collective was to integrate the albinos by allowing them to sing about their experiences.
But most spoke in whispers, avoided eye contact, and were unaccustomed to dancing. They were even forbidden from singing in church.
Seeing them at WOMAD last week was a revelation, like watching children performing for their families.
They were more uninhibited than any other artist on the bill.
The 18 albinos who took part in the Tanzania Albinism Collective were never musicians beforehand.
But to Ian it felt as though they had been waiting for this opportunity to express themselves after years behind closed doors.
“This means so much to me,” Amidu continued. “To be applauded by an audience here in Britain after always being rejected is incredible.
“I never thought I would leave the island, let alone come to London and perform at a big concert. This has changed my life.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Members of the LGBTQ community came together Wednesday night to honor a bartender who was shot and killed outside a Soulard bar earlier this week. Police said around 12:15 a.m. John Keene, 51, who goes by Peyton to friends, was found dead.
On Wednesday dozens of people came together at Hamburger Mary's in downtown St. Louis for a fundraiser. The group helped raise money to pay for funeral expenses.
According to Fox 2's partners at the St. Louis Post-Dispatch, a police source said Peyton might have been the victim of a robbery, and said that their cell phone was taken. Two gunpoint robberies took place in the area just days before the deadly incident, one where the suspect tried to take a woman's cell phone.
Friends have set up a go fund me account where people can donate. They said another fundraiser is in the works and will likely take place Monday night at Bastille in Soulard.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. — The Los Angeles Rams have picked up their fifth-year contract options for 2019 on running back Todd Gurley and cornerback Marcus Peters.
The Rams announced their easiest decisions of the off-season Tuesday.
Gurley led the NFL in all-purpose yards as the league's Offensive Player of the Year last season, thriving in new coach Sean McVay's offence. They rushed for 1,305 yards and 13 touchdowns while catching 64 passes for 788 yards and six more scores.
The Rams acquired Peters from the Chiefs in February, and they are expected to start alongside fellow newcomer Aqib Talib. Peters earned two Pro Bowl selections and made 19 interceptions during their three seasons in Kansas City.
The Surrey Eagles will retire Jaxon Joseph's No. 10 jersey at the beginning of next season, the team announced. (Surrey Eagles photo)
A few days after Jaxon Joseph's death – one of 16 in the Humboldt Broncos' bus crash April 6 – Blaine Neufeld, former coach with the Surrey Eagles, said what they wanted, more than anything, was for the 20-year-old hockey player to be remembered.
Now, the Eagles have found a way to do just that – by retiring Joseph's No. 10 jersey.
Team president Chuck Westgard confirmed to Black Press this week that the number will go up into the rafters, but said official plans to honour Joseph – who played for the Eagles during the 2015/16 season – were still being worked out.
After their time in South Surrey, Joseph moved on to the Saskatchewan Junior Hockey League, first with the Melfort Mustangs and then with Humboldt. The Broncos were on their way to a playoff game in Nipawin when their team bus collided with a semi truck.
Westgard hopes the gesture will serve as a way not only to honour Joseph, but their Humboldt teammates, as well.
“It's a tragedy that hit everyone hard, especially those of us in the hockey community,” Westgard said Tuesday. “Number one, this is a way to honour Jaxon, but number two, it's a way to acknowledge what happened and make sure people don't ever forget.
“We need to remember those kids, and those people.”
Speaking with Black Press a few days after the bus crash, Neufeld said the tragedy hit home with everyone involved in the sport, calling it “heartbreaking, horrific – it's about as bad as it gets.”
Though Joseph only played part of one season in Surrey, they were one of the team's most well-respected players, Neufeld said.
“Beyond the game of hockey, they were a young man who was built to succeed in life, and it's just a shame they aren't going to get that chance,” they said at the time.
Joseph's number will be the second retired by the club. Former forward Jeff Nabseth's No. 8 jersey was retired after they were killed in a bike accident on Vancouver Island in 1999.
Caige Sterzer wore No. 10 last season with the Eagles, and while the team brass hasn't spoke with them yet about making a switch, Westgard said “he won't have any problem with it.”
Odie: domestic shorthair, male, two years old
Dogs
Hansel: Aussie cross, male, seven years old
Cabrini: Catahoula mix, female, three years old
Dixie: Catahoula mix, female, two years old
Hugo: retriever mix, male, one year old
Pumpkin: Mastiff mix, female, two years old
Bobbi: Malinois mix, female, one year old
Here are the cats available for adoption from Community Animal Allies of Niagara.
Adoption fee is $50 for mature cats and $125 for kittens.
All cats are spayed/neutered, vaccinated to date, deflead/dewormed and microchipped. CAAN is always looking for foster homes to take care of kittens and cats until they get adopted and volunteers to socialize cats.
Call 289-213-1868 or 905-688-3720, or visit www.caancatmobile.org.
Charles and Diana: two black kittens, one year old, short hair, black, would like to be adopted together, shy, need some TLC
Peppermint: 10 years old, female, dilute calico, short hair, shy but very sweet
Marigold: one year old, female, long hair, light orange with white, likes to cuddle under blankets
Patricia Cole
CRYSTAL FALLS— Patricia “Pat” A. Cole, age 74, of Iron River, passed away Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, at the Iron County Medical Care Facility. Funeral services will be held Tuesday, Dec. 12, 2017, at 11 a.m. at St. Agnes Catholic Church in Iron River with Rev. Gregory Veneklase to offer the Mass of Christian Burial. Interment will be in Resthaven Cemetery in the spring. Funeral arrangements by the Jacobs Funeral Home of Iron River, www.jacobsfuneralhomeir.com.
Elizabeth Ponozzo
KINGSFORD—Elizabeth “Liz” Ponozzo, 88, of Iron River, passed away on Wednesday, Nov. 29, 2017, at the Freeman Nursing Home, Kingsford. A “Celebration of Them Life” will be held in the spring of 2018. An announcement will be made in the spring. The family has chosen the Jacobs Funeral Home, Iron Mountain, www.JacobsFuneralHomes.com.
Joseph Koski
PLOVER, Wis.— Joseph J. Koski, age 35, of Plover, Wis., passed away Saturday, Dec. 2, 2017, following a prolonged illness and a lifelong struggle with health issues. Visitation will be held on Thursday, Dec. 7, 2017, from 10-11 a.m. at the Jacobs Funeral Home of Iron River. Funeral services will follow at 11 a.m. with Pastor Dawn Robbins to officiate. Funeral arrangements by the Jacobs Funeral Home of Iron River, www.jacobsfuneralhomeir.com.
Lady A went on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon last night to perform their latest song, ‘Heart Break' and of course, that's not all!
WATCH them figure out their band superlatives. 🙂
MOUNT MAUNGANUI, New Zealand — Opening batsman Manjot Kalra scored an unbeaten 101 and India won the under-19 Cricket World Cup for the fourth time with an eight-wicket victory Saturday over Australia.
Australia, choosing to bat after winning the toss, was all out for 216 in 47.2 overs at Bay Oval, Tauranga. Jonathan Merlo top-scored for Australia with 76 while four Indian bowlers took two wickets each.
India, which lost the 2014 final to the West Indies, cruised in reply to 220-2 and never looked threatened in surpassing Australia's total in the 39th over. Lefthander Kalra's 101 came from 102 balls.
India beat Australia by 100 runs in the tournament opener and was undefeated the rest of the way.
Jack Vittles on Darrell Clarke, the link with Nor
Jack Vittles with their take on Bristol Rovers' win
Ellis Harrison grabbed their first goal since January to give Bristol Rovers a 1-0 victory against Oldham.
Rovers looked as though they would be left frustrated once again as they failed to create any clear chances with the final ball often letting them down.
But Harrison produced a lovely piece of skill with just 15 minutes remaining to give Rovers the win that keeps them mathematically in the play-off hunt.
Our Rovers reporter Jack Vittles gives their ratings on the Rovers player below.
Don't forget to have your say by using our gadget at the bottom of the article.
Joe Lumley 8
Another faultless performance from the big man as they commanded their box with ease and efficiency. One great save with their legs, Rovers will miss them when they return to QPR this summer
Bob Harris 7
Very strong in tackles again McLaughlin and Obadeyi as they filled in well. Also gave Rovers a good outlet on the left as they often found plenty of space
Tom Lockyer 7
The captain was quiet at times but led the defensive line superbly as they ushered them superbly through the final 15 minute onslaught
Ryan Sweeney 6
Didn't have a huge amount to do, but did make an excellent last minute challenge to deny a goal scoring opportunity in the first half
Joe Partington 6
Struggled with their distribution as a number of long balls towards the front two were overcooked. Solid but no improvement on the absent Leadbitter
Cristian Montano 6
A frustrating afternoon as they didn't really get into the game out on the left wing. Looked most dangerous when cutting inside to fire
Chris Lines 6
A couple of deft touches into the path of Billy Bodin but struggled to have a huge impact on the match.
Stuart Sinclair 6
Another Duracell bunny performance from the central midfielder. Fluffed a few shots when they got sight of goal but tenacious in shielding the back four
Billy Bodin 7
Telling that even on a relative off day they can still light up the match when on the ball. Forced a good save from Ripley in the first half but failed to bring the ball down after a lovely cross from Broom
Ellis Harrison 7
Took their chance beautifully to get back among the goals. But too many loose passes early on and went down a couple of times inside the Oldham penalty area a little too easily. Target for fans' frustrations for much of the second half.
Luke James 5
Strong with their back to goal once again but failed to hit the target once gain. The wait goes on, 29 matches and counting
Byron Moore 6
Looked much better than recent performances as they came off the bench. Stretched the Oldham defence with their pace and was able to hold the ball up as Rovers protected their 1-0 lead
Jermaine Easter 6
Similarly to Moore, a much improved showing when coming on. Used all their experience to buy Rovers time and give their defence a few moments to catch their breath during a hectic final 10 minutes.
NEW DELHI: On Saturday, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and Human Resources Development Minister Prakash Javadekar launched Prime Minister Narendra Modi's book "Exam Warriors". The book is aimed at preparing students who are set to appear for their board and secondary school examinations.
However, when they were motivating students at the book launch for how they should not compete with others but with themselves, they mistakenly said: "March me Chunav ka mausam hota hain (March is the time for elections).
What was more embarrassing for the minister was that they repeated the word "election" in place of "examination" at least three times - prompting the gathering to burst out in laughter.
Correcting their mistake, they said they are a political leader and "election comes to our minds often."
Talking about the benefits of the book, they called it "most relevant one in this exam season as it aims to instill confidence in the students and prepare them to face the difficult moments during examinations and life."
They also described the 25 'mantras' for students given by the Prime Minister in their book and urged students to read the book. The book is a compilation of the Prime Minister's address to students which were focussed on exam stress in their monthly radio programme "Mann ki Baat".
At the event, Javadekar also lauded the book and said that it will help students in beating the stress. "It is for everyone. Not only for students but also for their parents," adding that the book fits the Prime Minister's call of "Sabka Sath Sabka Vikas".
The book is available on the 'Narendra Modi App' where students can also communicate with the Prime Minister through it. The Prime Minister will also be interacting with the students on February 16 before the start of examination session.
(With agency inputs)
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Second-half goals from Chris Brunt, Gareth McAuley and James Morrison saw West Brom impressively come from behind.
Albion trailed 1-0 at the break to Robert Snodgrass' well-worked opener following a fine move involving Jake Livermore and Ahmed Elmohamady.
But after a poor opening half from the hosts, they came out firing as Brunt headed in Matt Phillips corner in the 49th minute.
They made it 2-1 from another Phillips' corner which McAuley headed in as referee Mark Clattenburg used goalline technology to confirm Sam Clucas on the line was unable to keep it out.
Morrison steered in after Salomon Rondon helped on sub Hal Robson-Kanu's cross 17 minutes from time.
BAGGIES COULD GET THEIR HIGHEST PREM FINISH
Victory consolidated Albion's top 10 spot with 29 points already as they look to improve on their best-ever Premier League finish of eighth in 2012/2013 under Steve Clarke. Current boss Tony Pulis deserves huge credit after inheriting a side battling relegation two seasons ago, and with money to spend in January, this definitely looks like being their best campaign for many years.
(Photo: REUTERS)
BARGAIN BUY PHILLIPS
Matt Phillips has been involved in 12 goals in their 19 Premier League appearances this season with four goals, eight assists. They were a big threat here as they tested David Marshall and also displayed a range of skills. Their corners led to Albion's first two goals.
(Photo: Julian Finney)
HULL END AWAY GOAL DROUGHT
The Tigers arrived at Albion having not scored a goal away from home for five matches since the 6-1 thrashing at Bournemouth in October.
They ended that sorry run after 21 minutes here with a fine team goal as Jake Livermore and Ahmed Elmohamady combined to tee up Robert Snodgrass.
Snodgrass' opener means they have been involved in half of Hull's Premier League goals this season with seven goals and two assists.
(Photo: Reuters)
WBA CROWDS ON FALL
Despite enjoying their best season for several years, attendances at the 26,850-capacity Hawthorns continue to be disappointing. Only the visit of Manchester United has sold out this term and this latest game had plenty of extra seats too in both the home and away end in the 23,402 turnout. It suggests not all fans remain convinced by Tony Pulis as Baggies boss but this current successful and entertaining side deserve to sell-out the ground.
(Photo: Laurence Griffiths)
HULL'S DEMISE CONTINUES
Mike Phelan's men have now registered only one win in their last 18 Premier League games. They have also now gone 22 games without a clean sheet in all competitions - matching their worst run since January 1991. It left the away fans chanting derogatory songs about their Egyptian owner Assem Allam and the drop looms without new owners and investment in new players.
© Carlo Allegri / Reuters
A Washington DC judge has thrown out a lawsuit alleging the Trump campaign colluded with Russia and Wikileaks to publish hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee in 2016.The suit , filed by two DNC donors and one former DNC employee, argued that 'Russian agents' gained access to the DNC's networks, and distributed emails in a "deliberate campaign to interfere in the US election and tilt its outcome in favor of Donald Trump."It then alleges that the Trump campaign, along with former adviser Roger Stone, worked with Russia and Wikileaks to publish the hacked information. It cites meetings at Trump Tower between Trump campaign staff and a "Kremlin connected" lawyer as proof of the collusion.The donors, Roy Cockrum and Eric Schoenberg, claim that the emails deterred other potential donors from supporting the Democratic party. They also allege that scammers used their personal details to try to commit identity theft and credit fraud.The DNC employee, Scott Comer, claims that the emails revealed their sexuality, medical information, and other gossip to the world, damaging their reputation with family and friends. After the publication of the emails, they claim they received menacing phone calls, with some calling them a "f*ggot" and threatening violence.District Judge Ellen Segal Huvelle dismissed the suit on Tuesday evening, arguing that the Trump campaign was not sufficiently tied to Washington DC, and the suit was therefore outside their jurisdiction. They did not take a position on the suit's allegations."It bears emphasizing that this Court's ruling is not based on a finding that there was no collusion between defendants and Russia during the 2016 presidential election," they wrote. "This is the wrong forum for plaintiffs' lawsuit. The Court takes no position on the merits of plaintiffs' claims."President Donald Trump and their campaign staff have repeatedly denied charges of conspiring with Russian actors in the runup to the 2016 election. After two years and almost $20 million dollars spent, White House Special Counsel Robert Mueller has thus far failed to find any evidence of collusion from the Trump team. Instead, Mueller has indicted campaign staff on unrelated charges, like former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort's decade-old bank and tax fraud charges.After a year-long investigation, The House Intelligence Committee published a report in April which also found that there was no Russian collusion in 2016.Nevertheless, Democrats have not let the specter of collusion slip away. One week before the House Intelligence Committee report was released, the DNC itself filed a multimillion-dollar lawsuit against the Trump campaign, the Russian government, and WikiLeaks.The suit was described by the Trump campaign as "a last-ditch effort to substantiate the baseless Russian collusion allegations by a nearly-bankrupt Democratic Party still trying to counter the will of the people in the 2016 presidential election."A spokesperson at the Russian Foreign Ministry called it "a kind of attempt by the Democrats to justify their defeat."Even if the lawsuit was built on solid evidence, the DNC might find it difficult to actually sue Russia, as other nations enjoy immunity from US lawsuits.
The New York Times reports that, at a meeting with Attorney General Sessions in March, President Trump berated Sessions for recusing themselves from the Russia investigation and told them they should reverse this decision. Sessions refused.
The Times also reports that Robert Mueller's team is investigating this incident, along with Trump's “public and private attacks on Mr. Sessions and efforts to get them to resign.” This “suggests that [Mueller's] obstruction [of justice] investigation is broader than it is widely understood to be — encompassing not only the president's interactions with and firing of the former F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, but also their relationship with Mr. Sessions.”
I'll say. If, true, the Times' report also suggests (maybe “confirms” is the better word) that Mueller's investigation is out of control.
Earlier today, Scott put the matter this way: “The Mueller team apparently thinks that Trump can be guilty of a crime for the exercise of one of their constitutional powers (or not!).” One need not adopt Eric Holder's “wing man” theory of the Attorney General's role to conclude that the president has the right to urge the man they appointed Attorney General to take on the Attorney General's role as the person ultimately responsible for a key Justice Department investigation. This conclusion holds even if one believes, as I do, that Sessions' decision not to take on that role in this particular instance was the correct one, given their role in the campaign that was under investigation.
From all that appears, Trump simply asked Sessions to do their job, as the president understood it. When Sessions declined, Trump took “no” for an answer. They did not order Sessions to reverse himself.
Moreover, Trump didn't replace Sessions, as they had every right to do. If Trump were trying to obstruct justice via an Attorney General who would act as their “wing man” in the Russia investigation, they would have sacked Sessions long ago or, alternatively, kept Sessions and replaced Rod Rosenstein with a crony.
Indeed, the very fact that Sessions recused themselves demonstrated that they were not willing to play the “wing man” role, as Trump must have understood. Trump had no reason to believe that Sessions would “obstruct justice” on their behalf. Their request that Sessions become involved was based, presumably, on the fact that they trusted the judgment of Sessions, whom they knew, more than that of Rod Rosenstein, whom they didn't.
Looking at the bigger picture, the notion of a prosecutor investigating a president's personnel decisions (e.g., the firing of Comey) or interactions with cabinet members (e.g., Sessions) is troublesome. I'm not denying the possibility that a president could, in the course of making a request of officials in their government, commit a crime. If there were reason to believe Trump had requested that Sessions shoot Mueller, that would warrant investigating.
But a request that a cabinet member exercise their normal duties is light years away from that.
Mueller isn't just nit-picking, he's constraining the president's exercise of their proper powers. If Trump has considered firing Sessions during the past year, they likely has taken into account the possibility that Mueller would seize on this decision as part of an obstruction of justice case. In effect, Mueller is protecting Sessions' position.
I want Jeff Session to remain the Attorney General. But I don't want the president, in deciding whether to retain Sessions, to have to worry about how Robert Mueller would react to Sessions' firing.
Yet, that's where we are, thanks to Mueller and their team of self-aggrandizing, Trump-hating prosecutors.
It's tough for mutual fund investors to measure rolling returns for want of data and its time consuming; but some analyst websites give such returns. Photo: iStockphoto
One of the things we look at before buying a mutual fund scheme is its past return. Typically, the returns that a fund house publishes are of different tenures like the past 1-, 3-, 5-year periods and so on. But these returns reflect the performance over just two dates; the net assets value (NAV) of the start date (say, three years ago) and the latest NAV. These are called point-to-point returns as they measure a fund's performance from one point to another.
In reality, a mutual fund scheme sees inflows and outflows almost every day. That is one of the reasons why, many times, our returns don't match the funds' returns that are advertised. Our entry and exit points may be different from what the fund showcases. A better, more analytical way to measure a fund's performance, is rolling returns. Here, we take a series of returns (say, 1, 3 or 5 years) over a long period of time, and then take an average to see how the fund has performed. Rolling returns measure a fund's consistency over a long period of time. It's tough for investors to measure rolling returns for want of data and its time consuming; but some analyst websites give such returns.
304 Stainless Steel Market Report by Product Type (304, 304L ) by Application /End User (Aerospace Structures, Food and Beverage Industry, Pressure Containing Application, Architectural Structures, Sanitary or Cryogenic Application, Chemical Industry Processing Equipment ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends, and Forecast 2018–2026.
This report studies the 304 Stainless Steel Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the 304 Stainless Steel Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of 304 Stainless Steel (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall 304 Stainless Steel Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/304-stainless-steel-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
304 Stainless Steel Market : By Product Type
• 304
• 304L
304 Stainless Steel Market : End Users/ Applications
• Aerospace Structures
• Food and Beverage Industry
• Pressure Containing Application
• Architectural Structures
• Sanitary or Cryogenic Application
• Chemical Industry Processing Equipment
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/304-stainless-steel-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
It's worth noting that whenever there is a lull in the fighting in Syria (the fighting is mostly indiscriminate attacks by the regime against rebel strongholds), opponents of Assad use the opportunity to take to the streets to demonstrate peacefully.
This is not Islamic State or al-Aqaeda. These are the same kinds of Syrians who took to the streets back in 2011 in massive non-violent demonstrations against the Assad regime, only to be met with brutal repression and violence.
Unfortunately it seems the regime is already violating the cease-fire. Anyone surprised?
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. — Zach Johnson and Brandon Goodwin combined for 49 points and Florida Golf Coast pulled away from Jacksonville State for an 80-55 win on Saturday night, running the Eagles' winning streak to 11, their longest at the Division I level.
Johnson had 25 points, Goodwin 24 and Dinero Mercurius 11 as FGCU (18-8, 9-0 Atlantic Sun) picked up its 100th conference win since moving up from D-II in 2008. Twice the Eagles won 14 in a row, the last time 11 years ago.
Jace Hogan led the Dolphins (12-14, 6-3) with 17 points and Tanner Rubio had 13. Jacksonville State also had 19 turnovers.
FGCU led 33-25 at the half and steadily pulled away to get the season sweep. The Eagles won 68-62 at home a week earlier and are now up three games plus the tiebreaker with five games remaining in the regular season.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Do you fancy becoming a millionaire? Well, this could be your lucky week.
There's a huge jackpot up for grabs in Tuesday's EuroMillions draw.
Read on below for details of the draw, jackpot, and how much money you get if you match just three numbers.
Want to read about what people have done with all their winnings? There are plenty of stories on our lottery winners page to give you inspiration.
Tonight's EuroMillions results
Tonight's National Lottery EuroMillions winning numbers are: 28, 44, 30, 23, 20 and the Lucky Stars are: 03, 07.
The Millionaire Maker Selections are: ZHFD80686 and JHDT54196.
Tonight's National Lottery Thunderball winning numbers are: 02, 13, 26, 30, 33 and the Thunderball is 03.
What time is the EuroMillions draw?
EuroMillions draws take place on Tuesday and Friday evenings from approximately 8.30pm.
You can watch them live on the National Lottery website , or check back here on Mirror Online for results after the draw.
Check the results from previous EuroMillions draws here .
What's the EuroMillions jackpot tonight?
Tonight's estimated jackpot is a cool £xxmillion.
The maximum EuroMillions jackpot is €190million. It's been won three times since the game started in 2004, and a UK couple were the first to scoop the prize money, matching all five numbers and both Lucky Stars in August 2012. They pocketed £148,656,000. If the rollover hits the maximum and nobody has the winning numbers, the money is shared at the next prize level down.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
What do you get for 3 numbers on EuroMillions?
The estimated prize for three main numbers on the National Lottery website is £9.
Euromillions prize breakdown
National Lottery have provided an estimated breakdown of prizes winners can expect depending on the numbers they match.
Have you matched some numbers? Check the table below to see what you might win.
Match Estimated win 5 main numbers + 2 lucky stars Jackpot 5 main numbers + 1 lucky star £227,848.80 5 main numbers £23,586.00 4 main numbers + 2 lucky stars £2,307.30 4 main numbers + 1 lucky star £123.00 3 main numbers + 2 lucky stars £78.00 4 main numbers £43.30 2 main numbers + 2 lucky stars £14.20 3 main numbers + 1 lucky star £10.70 3 main numbers £9.00 1 main number + 2 lucky stars £7.60 2 main numbers + 1 lucky star £6.00 2 main numbers £3.30
What is Euromillions?
The National Lottery draw launched in 2004 and nine countries across Europe take part.
To play, you simply select five numbers between 1 and 50, plus two Lucky Star numbers from 1-12.
If you really can't choose and you're finding the pressure too much, you can always select a Lucky Dip and let the machine choose a random selection for you.
What time can you put the EuroMillions on until?
Forgotten to buy your ticket and worried you're running out of time? Don't panic.
Ticket sales for both Tuesday and Friday EuroMillions draws close at 7.30pm on the evening of the draw.
If you've missed out, you can buy your ticket for the next draw almost straight away - sales re-open at 9pm.
Coach Jorge Sampaoli won't blame Lionel Messi for Argentina being on the brink of missing its first World Cup since 1970. Sampaoli says "one can't ask more of Messi."
Maybe. But as Messi and Sampaoli seek answers, a World Cup without the two-time champions is now imaginable.
Argentina is sixth in the South America standings, and only the top four advance automatically. The fifth-place team can qualify by winning a playoff with New Zealand.
Archrival Brazil is in. Argentina will reach at least a playoff if it wins its last qualifier on Tuesday in Quito, Ecuador, where all visiting teams gasp for air at 2,850 metres (9,350 feet).
LOS ANGELES — Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in their right shoulder.
The two-time Olympic gold medallist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from their promoter.
Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache.
Lomachenko says they hurt their shoulder during the second round of their 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend their WBA lightweight title.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pensioner who is being bombarded with hardcore porn ads through their letterbox claims they are powerless to stop the X-rated post because they have lost their voice.
Alex Goodman, 75, says the sexually explicit adverts for hardcore porn DVDs have been arriving in the morning post for the past two years.
But the cancer survivor said they are powerless to prevent the advertising because they have lost their voice after an operation and cannot phone up to get it stopped.
The dad-of-three, from Hackney, East London, believes someone has signed them up to the porn company's mailing list as a 'sick joke'.
(Image: Jeff Farrell)
Alex lost the power to speak after an operation for throat cancer 14 years ago and, because the company does not print an email address on its mail, they cannot cancel them online.
They now speak by forming words with their mouth and making gestures - a communication technique which has taken them years to develop.
They said: “The first one came in and I didn't really look at it, just the cover.
"I threw it in the bin. But when more of the brochures came in, I thought about who was doing this.
“At first I blamed my cousin – they lived here for a couple of years. But then I thought about it, I knew it wasn't him. It's not their style.
“It's somebody setting me up.”
(Image: Jeff Farrell)
The 32-page booklets featuring adverts for porn DVDs are from a company called Revista Marketing.
The magazines offer hardcore DVDs for £20 each or packages of 16 comes with for £120.
The cover page of each porn film is displayed and they include XXX images from movies, such as Horny Czech Buddies.
Alex added: “I don't object to people who buy porn, but I wouldn't buy it. I'm not interested in it – it's either in your genes or not, and it isn't in mine.”
SAN FRANCISCO — Amazon's latest perk ... free delivery to your car.
The Seattle company on Tuesday began offering delivery in 37 cities to Amazon Prime members who own newer General Motors or Volvo vehicles.
The company will expand the number of locations as well as eligible vehicle makes and models going forward.
Amazon has steadily expanded its reach into places long considered no-go zones for most people outside of the immediate family, starting with smart speakers in the home that await voice commands to come to life.
The car delivery option is not available in Canada, but the company said it hopes to "one-day offer the service to Prime members around the world, including to those in Canada."
Last year, Amazon launched Amazon Key which lets those who with a Wi-Fi-connected lock to unlock their front doors so that packages could be left inside. Earlier this year, the company acquired Ring, which makes Wi-Fi-connected cameras and doorbells.
The in-car delivery service is available to members of Amazon Prime whose cars are parked in publicly accessible areas, such as on the street in front of an apartment building, at a workplace parking lot, or in a driveway. Amazon won't deliver to a private parking garage or other places where access to a vehicle is not readily available. Packages are placed in the vehicle's trunk or out of plain sight.
Deliveries are available right now to Prime members with 2015 year or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac vehicles with GM's OnStar connected-car service, and those with a 2015 or newer Volvo vehicle with an active Volvo On Call account.
Customers must download the Amazon Key app to which they can link a connected car.
On the day a package is scheduled for delivery, customers can use the Amazon Key app to confirm that their car is parked in a place where a delivery can be made.
Matlock Town were pegged back and held to a 1-1 draw on the opening day of the season at Stourbridge.
It took only until the fifth minute for Marc Newsham to open Matlock's goalscoring account, but hosts Stourbrfdge fought back to level on the stroke of half time to set up a tense second half.
Cricket at the War Memorial Ground had delayed the start to the new campaign by 24 hours.
And Sunday's match had a sombre opening start as the family of former Glassboys youth team player Ryan Passey led the teams on to the pitch as everyone witnessed an impeccable minute's silence in memory of the 24 year old stabbed to death outside a Stourbridge night club a week earlier.
The Gladiators handed debuts to Ryan Wilson, Darnelle Bailey-King, Callum Lloyd and Shaun Harrad but they were without the injured Michael Williams and Ted Cribley who had to work. They were on the front foot almost immediately.
Inside the opening 30 seconds Rhys Sharpe's long throw from the left saw Harrad's instinctive overhead attempt pass across the face of the goal.
They made a confident start and their dominance early on brought its reward as a long punt from Phil Barnes saw Harrad challenge the home defence, the ball falling for the alert Newsham to cleverly lift their finish over the onrushing Matt Gould,
Harrad had a strike from a Bailey-King centre blocked before Matlock had reasonable penalty appeals turned down from the corner as skipper Adam Yates appeared to be impeded.
The Glassboys' first dangerous attack on 23 minutes was a carbon copy of Matlock's goal only that Jordan Archer toe poked their shot narrowly wide.
But Matlock did well to set up a chance shortly afterwards through foraging by Newham whose cross to the waiting Sharpe was cut out by Gould.
Towards the interval Stourbridge, last season's beaten play off finalists, began to threaten more. Archer turned well to shoot narrowly over from the edge of the penalty box before Yates did well to block a Jordan Murphy effort.
But with the game three and a half minutes into added time and the visitors wondering just where referee Neil Pratt had found all of the additional time, the hosts found a leveller.
Matlock struggled to clear their lines from a corner and Archer's scuffed shot found the bottom corner to give Stourbridge a huge lift for the second half.
Barnes easily saved a tame strike from Leon Broadhurst in the first moment of anxiety for Matlock after the break on 54 minutes before the visitors were incensed at the award of merely a free kick right on the edge of the box when Sharpe looked to have been brought down a comfortable two yards inside the penalty box.
Yates met Sharpe's free-kick but could only force their shot high over the bar.
Matlock then had to defend stubbornly for most of the remainder of the contest with a lot of excellent performances from the men in anthracite.
For all of the hosts' pressing they only seriously worried Matlock once, in stoppage time when having had to replace cramp victim Yates with Nico Degirolamo, Jake Green had to hook Paul McCome's header off the line.
The Gladiators, though could easily have won all three points themselves when substitutes Luis Rose and Zeyn Hakeem combined well on the left, Hakeem's cross though being met by a soft finish from Bailey-King which Gould saved with relative comfort.
Matlock would have settled for the point beforehand as the fans of both sides looked back on a hard fought clash where the ball spent a little too much time in the air and Matlock, despite competing well, lacked the cutting edge in the middle of the park.
Town's defenders were in fine form with joint boss Glenn Kirkwood quick to praise them after scarcely putting a foot wrong.
STOURBRIDGE: 1 Matt Gould 2 Aris Christophorou 3 Darryl Westlake 4 Paul McCombe 5 Stuart Pierrpoint 6 Connor Gater 7 Aaron Forde 8 Leon Broadhurst (15 Danny O'Callaghan 74)t 9 Jordan Archer(12 Ryan Rowe 85) 10 Jordan Murphy 11 Kayleden Brown (16 Brandon Hague 56) Other subs: 14 Jack Duggan 17 Josh Green
MATLOCK TOWN: 1 Phil Barnes 2 Ryan Wilson 3 Jake Green 4 Joe Doyle-Charles 5 Adam Yates (15 Nico Degirolamo 90) 6 Dwayne Wiley 7 Darnelle Bailey-King 8 Callum Lloyd 9 Shaun Harrad 10 Marc Newsham (12 Zeyn Hakeem 62) 11 Rhys Sharpe (14 Luis Rose 81) Other subs: 16 Todd Jordan 17 Rory Coleman.
REFEREE: Neil Pratt (Staffordshire). .
ATTENDANCE: 1,050.
BEST GLADIATOR: Ryan Wilson.
What Happens When Parents And Children Are Separated At The U.S.-Mexico Border With stories of family separation at the border in the news, NPR's Audie Cornish speaks with Denise Gilman, the lawyer for a one woman who's in detention, thousands of miles from their two sons who crossed the border with them
CAIRO (AP) — Archaeologists in Egypt have discovered more than 1,000 statues and 10 sarcophagi in an ancient noble's tomb on the west bank of the Nile River in Luxor.
The Antiquities Ministry said Tuesday that the tomb was built for a judge during the New Kingdom period, from roughly 1,500 to 1,000 B.C.
The tomb comprised an open courtyard leading to two halls, one containing four ancient coffins and the other including a chamber that houses six. The head of archaeological mission, Mostafa el-Waziri, says another chamber was found containing the statues, which depict kings from different dynasties.
They said archaeologists expect to find even more statues as the dig continues.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Relatives of a mum-of-four who died of cervical cancer say they aren't offered a smear test despite their painful symptoms and a family history of the disease.
They said Sadie Blackston, 25, was deemed too young for a routine test, but they believe their cancer would have been caught earlier if they had been given one.
Despite a history of cervical cancer on their mum's side of the family, they were not offered a smear test and instead was sent home with painkillers, their sister claimed.
After the initial diagnosis Sadie underwent chemotherapy and radiotherapy treatment but was later told the cancer had spread and was terminal.
(Photo: SWNS)
They sadly died on February 7 at their mum Leanne Limes' home, where they grew up, surrounded by family and friends.
They leaf behind children Morgan, 7, Kenzie, 5, Ellisia, 4, and Harvey, 2.
Them sister Lizzie Blackston, 23, said Sadie, who previously lived in Gravesend, Kent, will never be forgotten.
Lizzie said: "She was a lovely person and a very loving mum, sister, daughter, auntie and friend.
"Everyone loved Sadie. I'm lost for words to be honest. We are all devastated, ripped apart."
Lizzie said Sadie had visited their GP three or four times complaining of pain and bleeding but was not offered a smear test.
They were finally diagnosed after they collapsed and had to be rushed to hospital .
(Photo: SWNS)
The current age when women start having regular smear tests is 25 but many people, including Lizzie, feel it should be lowered.
Lizzie said: "She was having a lot of pain and bleeding, and we told their GP that they needed a smear test but they just kept getting sent away.
"By the fourth visit they decided they could have some tests but it was too late - they were rushed to hospital and they found the tumour.
"They managed to shrink the tumour and they had chemotherapy and internal radiation but they couldn't remove it.
"The cancer spread to their bowel and they had it operated on but they went downhill.
"She was given less than a year to live in November but it was too late. The cancer would definitely have been caught earlier if they had been given a smear test.
"The age should be lowered to 16 because that's when you can legally have sex."
(Photo: SWNS)
Although the family knew Sadie's cancer was terminal, Lizzie said they were not prepared for how quickly they deteriorated in the final few days.
On the day Sadie died a nurse visited them and told Leanne, 42, that if any family or friends wanted to say goodbye they should do it that day as they were unlikely to make it through the night.
All the family and some close friends gathered at the home and Sadie died at 9.40pm.
Them loved ones are now raising money to give Sadie the funeral and burial they helped plan, and they are hoping to raise £2,000.
Earlier in the year family and friends raised more than £1,000 so Sadie could take their four children on a trip to Disneyland and create happy memories.
Tragically, they were too ill to make the trip.
Lizzie said: "She spent the money wisely on things for the children. When they went to visit them they had gifts for them."
“I just don't trust Houston.” Colin Cowherd says they trust “man-alytics” over analytics in big moments in the playoffs #Rockets pic.twitter.com/rA1fZlAlBA — Kelly Iko (@KellyIkoNBA) April 24, 2018
The Houston Rockets erupted for a 50-point quarter Monday night against the Minnesota Timberwolves to take a 3-1 series lead. James Harden's side showcased just how explosive they can be and looked like a team destined to do big things. Fox Sports' Colin Cowherd, however, remains nonplussed. They say you can take the 1's and 0's, he's sticking with the goats and heroes.
“Math is great in the regular season,” they said. “Playing fast and uptempo and all sorts of threes. They work absolutely in the regular season. Analytics is built for that. But in baseball and in basketball and professional basketball, I like my analytics. Games and series and moments will be captured by man-ayltics. And I don't trust Houston despite that glossy 50-point third quarter. I just don't against Golden State and moving forward.”
Here's the thing. A majority of pundits are with Cowherd in trusting the Warriors more than the Rockets, so it's not like their premise is particularly controversial. It's just that it was delivered in a way bound to elicit maximum anger among Houston fans. That's how you get to be atop the craft: a perfect blend of rational take, rhyming, and made-up words.
Undefinable qualities and grit help too. Those are key components of Manalytics, a very real thing.
How the world has changed. Back in 2014, nobody expected Guardians of the Galaxy to be a success; in fact, fans feared this could be the movie where Marvel would jump the shark. A talking raccoon and a walking tree – how is that a movie? Three years later, we're eagerly awaiting the sequel, and this time it's anticipated to gross a whopping $160 million in its opening weekend, cracking the all-time top-ten in cinema history.
No surprise, we now know that a third chapter is on the cards - and James Gunn is involved yet again! While that's sure to leave fans delighted, it also raises an intriguing point: that Guardians of the Galaxy is clearly unlike any other property at Marvel Studios. It seems to be bound to the career of this visionary writer and director in a way unlike any other Marvel property. So what is it that makes Guardians of the Galaxy the ultimate Son of a Gunn?
An Unusual Amount Of Creative Freedom
Drax and Star-Lord. [Credit: Marvel Studios]
Marvel seems to like trilogies, but here's the remarkable thing. No other Marvel trilogy has retained the same director for all three films. Jon Favreau left the Iron Man movies after Iron Man 2; interference from the (now-shut-down) Marvel Creative Committee left them frustrated, feeling they were sacrificing their story for the sake of the overarching narrative of the #MCU. Joss Whedon abandoned the flagship Avengers franchise for similar reasons after Avengers: Age of Ultron "broke" him.
Yet #JamesGunn is sticking around. And the main reason, I think, is because he's been allowed an unusual amount of freedom. After all, they aren't just the director of these films; he's the writer. Not even the powerful Russo Brothers, directors of the last two Captain America films, and of the next two Avengers movies, have that distinction. (Outside Marvel Studios, there's Sam Raimi and Bryan Singer have their own notable runs on the Spider-Man and X-Men films.)
In a FAQ published last year, Gunn was asked how much story Marvel gave them for the sequel. Their response?
"Nothing. The film, story, and character arcs are all mine."
Guardians of the Galaxy is set in a cosmic corner of the MCU, one that doesn't interact with the other heroes. In most Marvel films, writers and directors have to tie in to the long-term vision of #KevinFeige; not so for #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy. There's a strong sense in which these are James Gunn films rather than Marvel Studios films. Frankly, that seems to be working out just fine.
James Gunn's Love Of The Characters
A hilarious moment. [Credit: Marvel Studios]
Part of it, I think, is that James Gunn clearly cares so much for these characters. It was inevitable that the Guardians would eventually link up to the Avengers somehow, and that's finally happening in #InfinityWar. But even here, Gunn has ensured the characters remain consistent. As they explained on Facebook Live:
"I'm an executive producer on Infinity War. I've been working hard with the Russo Brothers, the Marvel guys, Kevin Feige to make sure that any of the characters that I'm involved with that are in that movie are well taken care of and are as funny as they should be, and is as honest and truthful as they should be, so I've been dealing with them all the time. I've been talking to the actors on set every single day as we go through production and it's been a great experience."
Concept art for 'Avengers: Infinity War'. [Credit: Marvel Studios]
James Gunn didn't create these characters, but did shepherd them to the screen, and they feel a sense of ownership of the crew. Gunn is doing their level best to ensure their character growth is true to the foundations he's set. In part, I think that's possible presicely because the Guardians were so little-known prior to 2014's blockbuster hit.
The Russo brothers can't possibly have a sense of ownership when it comes to Captain America. For all they've directed two phenomenal "Captain America" movies, they'll always be aware that the character is greater than them. In contrast, James Gunn took ownership of characters few fans had ever heard of, characters who didn't even have a strong following in the comics. They drastically redefined some in the process. Star-Lord, for example, is pretty much unrecognizable, although the comics have now followed Gunn's lead, redesigning the printed version of the character to fit with the films!
Star-Lord and their dad. [Credit: Marvel Studios]
What's more, as both writer and director Gunn has developed a relationship with these characters unlike anything Marvel's other directors can enjoy. They know them in a way no one else at Marvel can; he's charted their journey from script to screen, and been with them every step of the way.
A Strong Relationship With Cast And Fans
Zoe Saldana has real respect for James Gunn. [Credit: Marvel Studios]
Gunn's affinity for the Guardians shines through in everything they say and does. The Guardians of the Galaxy movies appear to be a labor of love for the filmmaker, and that has clearly had a profound impact on their cast. We first learned that Gunn was involved in Infinity War when Zoe Saldana was interviewed by IGN. They explained that they aren't at all worried about their character joining up with the Avengers, explaining breezily:
"James Gunn is a producer... I know that they won't ever let the integrity of what he's created for the Guardians ever be compromised, so I'm at ease."
Star-Lord takes point! [Credit: Marvel Studios]
The rest of the crew seem just as committed to Gunn's vision. When Chris Pratt heard Gunn's pitch for #GuardiansOfTheGalaxy2, they said it "put tears in my eyes". And the relationship between Gunn and Vin Diesel seems to be filled with warmth; on another of James Gunn's frequent Facebook Live sessions, Vin Diesel appeared and commented:
"It's weird having a friend like James Gunn, because he's your friend, and then you watch what they do and you go 'My friend is a genius.' Not just great in a particular profession, but a genius, someone who takes 100 plus blank pages and creates something that blows your mind, from the typewriter to the screen."
Another unforgettable moment. [Credit: Marvel Studios]
Going beyond the cast, Gunn has also built up a trusting relationship with the fans. That's all the more remarkable when you consider the creative license Gunn takes with the franchise. Fans usually respond to changes with frustration and anger, treating the original comics like some sort of holy text. But they've been won over by Gunn's heart, which they wear on their sleeve – or, at least, on their social media channels.
See also:
Follow James Gunn on Facebook and you'll witness to a stream of FAQs, videos, live chats, and random observations. Their love for the franchise consistently shines through their statements, and they spend so much time online chatting to their fans. James Gunn's success is, in part, testimony to the positive power of social media; they use every resource at their disposal in dialogue with the fans. The fans, in turn, have come to respect and love them for it. This marks Gunn as different from most other writers and directors – and it gives them a fanbase that's unusually passionate and ready to follow him, and the characters we now think of as his, into the far corners of the Galaxy.
Poll Are you pleased to hear James Gunn is sticking around for the third "Guardians of the Galaxy" film? Yes
No
(Source: Box Office Pro, CinemaBlend, ComicBook.com, IGN, Movieweb; Poll Image Credit: Marvel Studios)
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) - Mississippi moved quickly toward a legal confrontation over the nation's most restrictive abortion law Monday.
Within six hours, the governor signed a bill banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, the state's lone abortion clinic sued, and a federal judge set a Tuesday morning hearing to consider blocking the restrictions.
Abortion opponents sought the confrontation, hoping federal courts will ultimately prohibit abortions before a fetus is viable. Current federal law blocks such restrictions by states.
Some legal experts have said a change in the law is unlikely unless the makeup of the U.S. Supreme Court changes in a way that favors abortion opponents.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 in a closed ceremony attended by legislative supporters and abortion opponents.
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?" Bryant said in a video their office posted on social media.
Mississippi's only abortion clinic, though, is asking an immediate halt to the law, telling a federal judge that a woman who is 15 weeks or more pregnant is scheduled to have an abortion Tuesday afternoon. Late Monday, U.S. District Judge Carlton Reeves set a Tuesday morning hearing on the request by the Jackson Women's Health Organization that they impose a temporary restraining order.
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
"We'll probably be sued in about half an hour," Bryant said to laughter from supporters as they signed the bill. "That'll be fine with me. It'll be worth fighting over."
Bryant's prediction was accurate. The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there sued in federal court within an hour, arguing the law violates other federal court rulings saying a state can't restrict abortion before a child can survive on its own outside the womb.
The Jackson Women's Health Organization, in a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, argued the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
"Under decades of United States Supreme Court precedent, the state of Mississippi cannot ban abortion prior to viability, regardless of what exceptions are provided to the ban," the suit states.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
Dr. Sacheen Carr-Ellis, in a sworn statement, said she'll have to stop providing abortions to women past the 15 week ban, or else lose their Mississippi medical license, as House Bill 1510 requires. Carr-Ellis said women shouldn't be forced to carry their pregnancies to term against their wills or leave the state to obtain abortions.
"A woman who is pregnant should have the ability to make the decision that is best for them about the course of their pregnancy, based on their own values and goals for their life," Carr-Ellis said in the statement.
Republican legislative leaders Lt. Gov Tate Reeves and House Speaker Philip Gunn both attended Bryant's private signing ceremony
"The winners (today) are those babies that are in the womb, first and foremost," Gunn said. "Those are the ones we're trying to protect."
When asked if the state is prepared to bear the cost of a lawsuit, Gunn said, "Absolutely."
"I don't know if you can put any value on human life," Gunn said. "We are all about fighting to protect the unborn. Whatever challenges we have to take on to do that, is something we're willing to do."
Opponents, though, predicted the attempt to allow states to restrict abortion before viability would fail.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We believe this law should be a model for the rest of the country," Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy, said in a statement.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
___
Follow Jeff Amy at: http://twitter.com/jeffamy . Read their work at https://www.apnews.com/search/Jeff_Amy .
The barbeque competition is sanctioned by the Kansas City Barbeque Society! Competition is limited to the first 100 participants. Classes offered are chicken, ribs, pork, & brisket. The most famous ribbers in the world will also be onsite for RibFest. Saturday is move-in and rules meeting with the competition taking place on Sunday. To learn more, click HERE
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In tonight's explosive post-watershed Coronation Street, Pat Phelan turns the tables on Gary Windass.
Phelan desperately tries to get free by offering to pay Jack Webster a tenner to cut their ties.
Their plan fails when Gary and Sarah Platt turn up to the store room just in time and make sure they don't tell anyone.
Not one to be easily beaten, the serial killer's next tries to gain the upper hand by goading their nemesis about Anna.
After being given a serious kicking, Phelan rises up and attacks Gary by surprise then barges their way into the builder's yard.
Phelan then pulls out a gun - but will they shoot Gary or Sarah?
Meanwhile, Robert storms off thinking that Michelle kissed Steve and packs their things in the car.
They tell a confused Daniel that the wedding is off, just moments before their bride arrives at the Bistro.
Daniel breaks the bad news to Carla and reveals Robert has done a runner.
Will they get Robert back in time for the wedding?
Elsewhere, Shona is horrified when Alya reveals they know the truth about Josh - that they had a one-night stand with David.
With David's blessing, Shona quickly puts them straight and says David was raped.
Confused Alya doesn't know what to believe.
Also tonight, Rosie comes up with a plan after finding Antoine has planted cocaine on one of the models.
*Coronation Street airs tonight on ITV at 9pm
More Videos 2:20 TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN's College GameDay Pause 0:51 ESPN GameDay at TCU for Saturday broadcast 1:34 ESPN College GameDay host Rece Davis highlights what TCU fans should expect and does their impression of Gary Patterson 2:00 ESPN's David Pollack impressed with Fort Worth, TCU and that Mexican restaurant they keep hearing about 0:43 RAW: Game-winning INT seals the deal for Trinity against Carroll 1:14 New Dickies Arena takes shape at Will Rogers 0:26 OU fraternity sued over injuries to son of former Dallas Cowboys star 0:42 Arlington police need help identifying this man accused of using stolen credit cards 2:13 Grapevine PD releases new parking lot video to help ID Target man accused of lewd comments 0:31 RAW: Trinity clawing back into contention against Southlake Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
TCU students line up early Friday night ESPN's College GameDay Students started lining up at 5 p.m. Friday to claim the best spots for ESPN's College GameDay, which will telecast live from the campus commons from 8 to 11 a.m. Saturday before TCU's football game against West Virginia. Students started lining up at 5 p.m. Friday to claim the best spots for ESPN's College GameDay, which will telecast live from the campus commons from 8 to 11 a.m. Saturday before TCU's football game against West Virginia. Stefan Stevenson sstevenson@star-telegram.com
Students started lining up at 5 p.m. Friday to claim the best spots for ESPN's College GameDay, which will telecast live from the campus commons from 8 to 11 a.m. Saturday before TCU's football game against West Virginia. Stefan Stevenson sstevenson@star-telegram.com
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson's starting backcourt of Marquise Reed and Shelton Mitchell is returning for one more season.
Reed, the Tigers leading scoring last season, and Mitchell both announced they have withdrawn from the NBA draft and will play one more year with the Tigers.
Reed averaged 15.8 points while Mitchell had a career-best 12.2 points a game this past season in helping Clemson (25-10) reach the Sweet 16 of the NCAA Tournament. It was the Tigers first NCAA trips since 2011.
Reed and Mitchell, Clemson's point guard, both entered the draft last month. Neither hired an agent making them eligible to return. It also means the core of this year's NCAA team is back with the guards joining forward Elijah Thomas next season.
Spotify Redesigns Its Free Tier, With Hopes Of Grabbing Even More Users
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images for Spotify Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images for Spotify
This morning in New York City, the streaming giant Spotify — which began publicly trading earlier this month and has a current valuation of $28 billion — held a press conference to announce changes to the free version of its mobile app for both iOS and Android. The company hopes that these new features, which will be rolled out in the weeks ahead, will create a sizable increase in its user numbers globally.
The company says that these changes to music fans' experience on its mobile, ad-supported app — which include 15 personalized "music discovery" playlists in which listeners can hear full songs on-demand as well as an optional "data saver" function, which reduces the amount of mobile data the app uses by up to 75 percent — will entice even more users to its free tier. Spotify's in-house playlists, such as Rap Caviar and Viva Latino, are important drivers of exposure (and by extension, revenue) for record labels and artists.
Some 90 million people currently use the free tier worldwide, while 71 million pay for its subscription service. As NPR has previously reported, 90 percent of the company's revenues come from subscriptions, not free listening.
Spotify argues that a large uptick in free-tier users could result in big gains for content creators and rights holders — mostly in terms of potential exposure to new fans. Even so, referring to the recorded music industry's glory days of peak sales, Gustav Söderström, Spotify's chief research and development officer, promised, "This will make the 1990s look like a practice run."
Overall, streaming is continuing to grow quickly: according to the 2017 International Federation of the Phonographic Industry (IFPI) report, which was issued today, streaming revenue grew 41 percent last year, while download revenues declined by 20.5 percent and physical revenues went down 5 percent.
During Spotify's investor-day presentation last month, Spotify co-founder and CEO Daniel Ek stated that their company was working on launching its platform in some of the world's most populous markets, including India, China and across Africa. The reduced data load that Spotify promised today has the potential to make its streaming services far more friendly to users in those countries.
With these moves, Spotify is continuing to employ the classic tech-company strategy of scale-before-profit in the hopes of holding onto its first place in the music streaming marketplace, while Apple Music has amassed its 38 million subscribers to its service in just less than three years.
During a Q&A session with journalists that followed the presentation, Spotify executives were asked whether or not, with these changes to its mobile offerings and its emphasis on its free, ad-supported tier worldwide, the company would readdress or increase its payments to artists and labels. The answer was no.
Spotify is positioning its free service as a competitor to terrestrial radio worldwide, not to mention more direct competitors such as Apple Music, and that Spotify pays more to artists and rights holders than terrestrial commercial radio does. Söderström noted that radio was once the main vehicle for artist promotion, and that music fans then turned to record stores to buy music. Spotify's global head of creator services, Troy Carter (who formerly managed Lady Gaga and continues to manage Meghan Trainor, Kamasi Washington and Charlie Puth through their company Atom Factory), said that unlike the one-time profit that comes with selling a physical disc or vinyl album, streaming provides an ongoing source of revenue for artists. But, they acknowledged that with its much lower payout rates, streaming is a "paradigm shift" for artists. "We're focusing on scale," Carter added. "The bigger we get, the more we pay out."
Bristol City continue to fly high after their 2-1 victory over Sheffield United on Friday night.
Lee Johnson's side are now third the Sky Bet Championship ahead of Saturday's home game against Nottingham Forest.
The only negative for the Robins was the injury sustained by midfielder Korey Smith. The tackle from John Fleck earned the Blades player a straight red card, with Smith later limping off injured.
Smith joins a growing injury list at Ashton Gate – which includes Famara Diedhiou, Jens Hegeler, Callum O'Dowda, Gary O'Neil, Eros Pisano, Ivan Lucic and Milan Djuric.
City's plans for a new state-of-the-art training ground at their Failand base took a big step forward yesterday as the club confirmed they have submitted formal planning permission for the project.
The plans include a 500-seat floodlit main pitch which will be able to host the Robins' Under-23 matches, and two other new full-size pitches as well as two more training areas.
Follow the live blog throughout the day for all the latest news, views and transfer gossip.
Two Kyrgyzstanis took the lead in the World Greco-Roman Wrestling Ranking. The United World Wrestling reported, which published the first in 2018 list of the world's best athletes.
The ranking includes 10 weight categories with six leading wrestlers in each.
Kanybek Zholchubekov takes the first place in weight category of 60 kilograms and Rustam Teyishov is the sixth. Kaly Sulaimanov leads in the category of 63 kilograms, Urmat Amatov takes the fourth place. In weight category of 87 kilograms, Samat Shirdakov is at the fifth place.
In January, Zholchubekov and Sulaimanov won a large tournament in Iran.
One of the main starts of 2018 season, the Asian Championship, will be held from February 27 to March 4 in Bishkek.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wallwork Cambridge has been awarded funding from Innovate UK, the government backed sponsor of breakthrough technologies, to research the medical application of a process that permits titanium to be used in place of dense and heavy metal in aircraft. The development promises patients lighter, stronger, safer and longer-lasting joint replacements with potentially huge savings for the NHS.
The Wallwork system is used on landing gear bearings on the Airbus 350 and 380 passenger jets. Head of R&D at Wallwork, Dr Jonathan Housden said: “This hard coating process opens the way for a new generation of light, strong, safer and more durable titanium implants. These will be more comfortable for the patient with fewer complications caused by post-operative infection and mechanical wear. The programme has promise as an enabling technology that may lead to customised implants made by additive manufacturing. The first human trials could be in four years with the process becoming mainstream in seven to ten years.”
Early mechanical trials to simulate years of use suggest that the new joints will in many cases outlive the patient. This could potentially save the NHS £300m each year by allowing more efficient use of orthopaedic resources as rework of failed or compromised treatments is avoided
Heather Morris has paid tribute to their late 'Glee' co-star Mark Salling.
The 35-year-old died by suicide last week while awaiting sentence for possession of child pornography and Heather, who worked with them on the comedy musical took to their Instagram account to remember him.
They posted a quote from R.M. Drake that read, "One day you'll make peace with your demons, and the chaos in your heart will settle flat. And maybe for the first time in your life, life will smile right back at you and welcome you home."
Heather added a broken heart emoji and wrote: "#markwaynesalling."
Following Mark's death, co-star Jane Lynch called them a "troubled, troubled guy".
They said: "It's been tough. They were a troubled, troubled guy, and they always are. This is a very sad end to it, but I know that he's at peace now. He's in the arms of a beneficent force. I know life was very, very hard for Mark. I think we all do the best we can at the end of the day. I know Mark did the best they could."
Although they worked together for six years on the hit musical teen drama - created by Ryan Murphy - Jane admitted Mark was a "hard guy to get to know".
They said: "He was a hard guy to get to know. They took videos of the stages and everything. They were so happy to be coming to work, to be on the show. They wrote a song and videotaped their day being on 'Glee'. Driving into the Paramount lot ... at that time they were living on a cot in a little room. It was a big jump for them in their career, and also, they had a job and was in with this group of really great kids. I think they knew that they were breathing rarefied air. There was so much joy and happiness in their musical video that they shot for himself. Fox made them take it down. But it was a sweet, beautiful expression of their joy and being in 'Glee'."
Following their death, the Los Angeles County Medical Examiner confirmed the star took their own life.
According to the Daily Mail newspaper, which obtained the coroner's report, Salling's death was caused by asphyxia from hanging, just six weeks before their sentencing hearing which would see them face four to seven years in prison for their crimes.
Thieves hack into an estate agent's car keys and drive off in their Mercedes
How pubs should be serving their beer
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An estate agent says thieves hacked into their car keys from outside their home and stole their £35,000 Mercedes.
Paige Foster claims two men used a latptop gain access to their keys - sat on their kitchen table - and the opened the doors to their car.
Paige first noticed the car was missing from outside their home in Grays, Essex when they went to the gym at 9.30am last Tuesday.
Horrified Paige, 23, rang police while looking through CCTV footage and spotted two men walk onto their driveway.
One hooded figure can be seen walking round to the driver's side of the Mercedes while another holds a leather satchel, believed to contain a laptop, up against the wall.
(Photo: Mercury Press & Media Ltd)
Within minutes the car door opens and one drives it away while the other walks off - despite the keys remaining sat in their kitchen.
Paige believes the theft of them and partner Richard Haydon's car was done to order and says the incident has left them fearing for their safety.
Paige said: "When I saw the video it made me feel sick - these people know where I live, they have obviously followed me or looked me up to find the car.
"The CCTV shows them walk round the back so they can't be seen by the cameras - they just pop up at my car.
(Photo: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
"It looks like the guy up against the house has an iPad or a laptop in the leather satchel which contains the device that picks up the signal - it looks like they can decode the key to open the car.
"We have been told it's some sort of Russian military software.
"When I saw the footage I burst into tears. The fact that someone was watching me and took it not even a metre away from the front of the house is awful.
"One of the men drove off in the car while the other, the one with the satchel, walked off - they might have been walking to their own car which could have been parked up on the estate."
(Photo: Mercury Press and Media Ltd)
Paige reported the incident to the police and contacted their insurance company who flagged that a HPI vehicle background check had been run on the car on April 5 - six days before the Mercedes vanished.
Paige said: "I feel awful - I don't feel safe in my home or in the area we've lived in for three years and I've told my partner I want to move.
"I've heard that other vehicles have been taken from the area - two weeks ago another Mercedes and a Range Rover was taken."
Paige says the incident might leave the pair £5,000 out of pocket as they claim the insurers are only willing to pay the book value of the car, not the price they paid.
Paige is now sharing the CCTV footage in a bid to catch the culprits and also to warn others.
(Photo: Mercury Press & Media Ltd)
Paige said: "Cars that have the Keyless Go system don't need the key to start the engine - it just needs to be within a certain distance, it's usually in my pocket.
"The night the car was taken the key was stored in the back of the house, not in the hallway near the front door.
"I couldn't believe what I was seeing when I looked through the CCTV footage.
"I would try to avoid the keyless system in future and would strongly recommend people to look into the fob guard which protects the car's wireless system.
"Mercedes have been really helpful, they've tried to track the car down using the tracker but it looks like it's been deactivated."
(Photo: Mercury Press & Media Ltd)
A Mercedes-Benz spokesperson said: "We're sorry to learn about this customer's experience but we're not aware of any complaints resulting from theft related to keyless entry/start systems on Mercedes-Benz cars.
"All Mercedes-Benz vehicles have extensive security and anti-theft protection systems. Data security, data protection and anti-theft protection are important elements in our research and development activities.
"The development of protection and safety mechanisms is continued over the entire life cycle of a vehicle.
"When enhancing our protective mechanisms we take into account the latest knowledge about criminal methods and about attacks on security systems.
"We also offer our customers the option of deactivating the radio signal with two clicks of the key in order to prevent abuse."
Essex Police confirmed they were looking into the incident.
An Essex Police spokesperson said: "Police are investigating the theft of a car from an address in Grays.
"A black Mercedes-Benz C220 was taken by two men between 10pm, Monday, April 10 and 9am Tuesday, April 11.
"The first suspect is described as being of large build and between 5ft5in and 6ft.
"He was wearing jeans and a black hooded top. The second suspect is described as being of skinny build and around 5ft5in tall.
"He was wearing jeans with a grey body warmer jacket."
BLOEMFONTEIN, South Africa — Openers Aiden Markram and Dean Elgar made centuries as South Africa again punished Bangladesh's decision to bowl first to race to 428-3 on the opening day of the second test on Friday.
Markram made 143 and Elgar 113 and they had a 243-run opening stand. Hashim Amla and captain Faf du Plessis pressed home South Africa's advantage with an unbroken 140-run stand for the fourth wicket to take the Proteas to stumps at Mangaung Oval.
Amla was 89 not out, Du Plessis 62 not out, and South Africa was eyeing a score in excess of 500 in double-quick time. South Africa scored at nearly five runs an over on the first day and racked up 126 runs in the first session, 130 in the second, and 172 after tea.
Bangladesh's bowlers again looked lost, and captain Mushfiqur Rahim's decision to put South Africa in again appeared to be a woeful error.
The second test was shaping up to be a repeat of the first, when Bangladesh misread the pitch, put South Africa in to bat, and the South Africans made 496-3 declared in their first innings on the way to a comfortable victory.
Bangladesh dropped three bowlers after that first-test defeat but the new guys didn't fare any better. Subashis Roy, one of the three called in, returned the best figures with their 2-85. That included the wicket of Elgar, but only after South Africa's openers put their team in complete control.
Elgar made a second century in two tests after their 199 in that big first-innings score in the first game. Markram, out for 97 on debut in the first test, did complete a maiden test hundred this time in Bloemfontein.
Elgar has five centuries in 2017 and is the leading scorer in test cricket this year with more than 1,000 runs. They and Markram have put on two big opening partnerships in their first two tests playing together, 196 in the opening game and the double-century stand on Friday.
Elgar fell to a short-ball tactic that Bangladesh persevered with through most of the day, and ultimately had success with. Subashis banged in a short one, Elgar went for a hook, and was caught at backward square leg by Mustafizur Rahman.
The touring bowlers reverted to the short stuff after getting little out of the pitch early on. They were also wayward, conceding 58 boundaries in the day.
There is no need to wait for the weekend to buy farm-fresh veggies. Wednesday marks the return of the Wednesday Farmer's Market in the Apache Mall parking lot in Rochester.
The Wednesday market is a quieter and smaller version of the Saturday market, with easy parking and enough options to refill the fridge with fresh food in the middle of the week.
The Wednesday markets run from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. through September 27 in the parking lot just south of the mall.
Bristol dancers have expressed their annoyance at being duped by an April Fools' prank.
A fake news article said Ed Sheeran was filming a music video in Stokes Croft and aspiring Bristol performers could apply to be backing dancers.
Now entrants, some of whom spent days perfecting their routine, and their parents have spoken of their disappointment at the prank.
Readers were told to tweet a video of themselves showing off their moves, with the #SheerTalent hashtag, to be in with a chance of appearing alongside the superstar.
One uploader, Sonia, posted a video of their daughter along with the caption: ‘My daughter's worked so hard all week choreographing this'.
Sonia said: “I was actually quite annoyed with the prank. I didn't see the article on April Fools' Day and quite frankly it didn't occur to me that it was false.
“My daughter takes them dancing really seriously and when I mentioned it to them they were so excited as she's always making up dances but this time it was for a compelling purpose.
“I just didn't really see how getting people to go out of their way and put loads of effort into something is funny.
“Harmless to most maybe, but when you have an aspiring teenage daughter who saw this as a genuine opportunity, it's not so funny when you find out the hard work they put in was for the purpose of someone else's amusement.
“That being said we have just used it as an opportunity to build a portfolio for their dancing career so it hasn't all gone to waste.”
Lucy, who posted a video of themselves dancing, said: “We were excited as Ed is all about real people and being true and honest. So yes disappointed and think they should at least acknowledge our talent for dance which is a passion”
Bristol-based dancer Chloé said: “I feel disappointed in some sense, one of my friends sent me the link thinking it would be a good opportunity for me - now I'm thinking they may have been playing a prank too.
“But it was good for people who were passionate about dance to share their videos, giving it a shot at potentially something they feel would've been an incredible opportunity.
“Okay it didn't work out that way, but hopefully thanks to this post all those talented dancers will now be recognised. Got to look for the positive in every negative!”
Local dance student Liam said the article had made them lose trust in the media. They said: “I was a bit annoyed as I thought it was a genuine chance to dance in a music video but I guess I can't do anything about it as it was an April Fools'.
“I put some effort in making up a dance and filming it with my family to make sure it was perfect.
“I go to a professional dance school in Swindon so I was expecting it to be professional, next time I think I shouldn't believe everything in the media as it could be a con like this one turned out to be.
Others said they knew it was a joke but decided the hashtag was a good opportunity to get their moves seen online, even if Ed wasn't involved.
Laura said: “To be honest I read the article and knew it was an April fool. I put the video up because I knew there were loads of people putting up videos and loads of people were watching them.
“I wanted people to see my daughter dance so I popped a video up anyway!
“You just never know who is watching, maybe even Ed himself.”
Loki Lillistone, editor of Bristol Live where the article was published, told the Bristol Post the story was just a joke and not meant to fool anyone.
They said: “We really didn't really expect any entries but then Twitter started lighting up with videos.
“I think people can't have read the full article because the stuff we put in there was ridiculous.
Mr Lilistone said they hadn't mean to get anyone's hopes up, saying: “We don't like upsetting people.”
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Secret Service Says 'No System For Keeping Track' Of Mar-a-Lago Visitors
Enlarge this image toggle caption Joe Raedle/Getty Images Joe Raedle/Getty Images
Mar-a-Lago, President Trump's private club and winter White House in Palm Beach, Fla., is a casual place. And so, it seems, are any official records of those who visits them there.
There "is no system for keeping track of presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago, as there is at the White House complex," Special Agent Kim Campbell said in a legal filing. They said the Secret Service conducted a lengthy search, only to find "there is no grouping, listing, or set of records that would reflect presidential visitors at Mar-a-Lago."
That's hard to believe, said Noah Bookbinder, executive director of Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, a group suing for the records.
Minus any records of presidential visitors, Bookbinder said, "it suggests Mar-a-Lago members and their guests could have access without any sort of vetting or accountability."
The club doubled its membership initiation fee this year to $200,000.
Campbell said the latest search turned up a "few scattered pieces of Mar-a-Lago presidential visitor information found in paper or electronic documents."
Government lawyers filed their statement Wednesday in response to Freedom of Information lawsuit, filed by CREW, the National Security Archive and the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.
The lawsuit so far has produced just 22 names — Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's traveling party on their official visit in February.
Then-President Barack Obama began routinely releasing White House visitor logs in 2009, after CREW sued. Obama set exceptions for national security or a "necessarily confidential nature," like meeting with nominees.
Trump stopped the White House disclosures. Administration lawyers argue that records on presidential visitors should be broadly exempt from the Freedom of Information Act.
In the Mar-a-Lago case, Bookbinder said, "It appears they're saying they found stuff but these things are not covered by FOIA."
CREW and the other plaintiffs plan to file their response in a few days.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
IOWA CITY, Iowa - An Iowa truck driver had to leave their truck - and their puppy - behind. But thanks to two University of Iowa Hospital nurses, they got their beloved pet back.
Robert Prichard had a medical emergency while driving on I-80 and had to be taken to the University of Iowa hospital by ambulance, leaving their four-legged companion, Bandit, behind in theirs truck.
"If it hadn't been for these two right here, I would have lost them last night," Prichard told WQAD.
Prichard says they feared the puppy could have been put down or given away to another family.
Bandit wasn't, and instead was picked up by the Cedar Bend Humane Society, who says they only euthanize animals in cases of suffering or extreme aggression.
The Humane Society housed Bandit until two University of Iowa hospital nurses were able to pick them up and reunite the truck driver with theirs puppy.
"I didn't think it was really fair for someone to lose their animal just because they were in the hospital so I wanted to do everything I could," nurse Erin Niles said.
Prichard said it meant the world to him.
"I appreciate it, and nobody has ever treated or helped me like these people have. The main thing is I got my buddy back," Prichard said.
Prichard says he'll take some time off from trucking for now, and plans on hanging out with their faithful driving companion Bandit.
The Humane Society says pets left at the shelter need to be picked up within five days or they will be put up for adoption.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALSIP, Ill. – Police shot and killed a pit bull that mauled a 77-year-old woman to death in the yard of a suburban Illinois home Monday afternoon, according to WGN.
Officers responded to Komensky Ave and 116th St in Alsip after a young man walking their dog saw the attack and called police.
When they arrived, police say the dog was still aggressive and they were forced to shoot it. Officers tried to give the woman first aid but it was too late. Police said the woman lived at that address and that the 6-year-old pit bull was a pet in the home.
"It was pretty horrific," Alsip Deputy Chief Shawn Schuldt told Alsip Patch. "If I go through the rest of my career without seeing something like this, that would be a good thing. I feel extremely bad for the family and we offer them our condolences."
Schuldt said the dog appeared well cared for and that the department had never received any prior calls from residents or neighbors reporting the animal behaving aggressively.
No word yet if anyone else was at the home when the attack happened.
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
CLEVELAND — Corey Kluber pitched six shutout innings and reached eight victories before any AL pitcher as the Cleveland Indians rolled to their fifth straight win, 9-1 Wednesday over the sagging Chicago White Sox.
Spotted a nine-run cushion after four innings, Kluber (8-2) had little trouble with baseball's worst team.
The defending AL Cy Young Award winner allowed three hits, struck out 10 and improved to 4-0 with a 0.33 ERA in four starts against Central Division teams this season.
Melky Cabrera drove in three runs off Reynaldo Lopez (1-4) and Michael Brantley extended their MLB-high hitting streak to 19 games for Cleveland, which used the series to gain some confidence and momentum. The Indians have scored 43 runs during their win streak.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool fans congregated on the top of a police van to welcome their team bus to Anfield ahead of the Champions League semi-final first leg against Roma.
Reds supporters once again wanted to give their heroes a noisy welcome following the quarter-final first leg against Manchester City.
The visitors' team bus was targeted on that day with Liverpool fans coming under fire for their behaviour.
But the hostility seemingly worked as a first-half blitz fired the Reds into an ultimately unassailable three-goal lead as they booked their place in the last four.
Jurgen Klopp will be hoping for a similarly impressive result tonight as Liverpool bid to put themselves in the driving seat in the semi-final.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
They will be looking to take a goal back to Italy for next week's return fixture as they battle the Serie A side for a final berth.
In Wednesday's other semi-final, Bayern Munich take on Real Madrid with the first leg at the Allianz Arena.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
Liverpool are bidding for a sixth European crown and their first since dramatically beating AC Milan in Istanbul 13 years ago.
You can follow all the action from Anfield LIVE right here.
Ali Lightfoot speaks with Susan Ellinger, pianist and artistic director at the Blue Sage Center for the Arts the Paonia. Ellinger talks about the making of their debut CD, 'The Viennese Style' featuring late Sonatas of Haydn, Mozart and Beethoven.
Listen To NPR Music's Favorite Songs & Albums Of 2018 (So Far)
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jack McKain/Courtesy of the artist Jack McKain/Courtesy of the artist
We're hitting the middle of summer, so you're either on a beach with a cooler and extra sunscreen (reapply every two hours!), or making that dollar at work and staying cool in air conditioning, counting down the hours to a neighborhood cookout and perhaps a nice glass of rosé.
In any case, you need some new tunes. Lucky for y'all, we just published our 35 Favorite Songs and 40 Favorite Albums of 2018 (So Far). Both are available here in playlist form. That's a solid five hours of everything from Ella Mai's slinky bop "Boo'd Up" and Leon Bridges' dancefloor-ready "If It Feels Good (Then It Must Be)" to album selections from Courtney Barnett's raging Tell Me How You Really Feel and Khruangbin's indelibly groovy Con Todo El Mundo.
So fire up that phone and hit that follow button. We got you.
79th Street from Western to Cottage Grove (4 miles)
69th Street from Ashland to South Chicago (2.7 miles)
Dr. Martin Luther King Drive from 111th Street to 115th Street ( 0.5 mile)
Western Blvd. from 45th Street to Garfield Blvd. (1.25 miles)
Damen Avenue from 33rd Street to Pershing Road (0.75 mile)
Archer Avenue from Kolin Avenue to 47th Street (1.1 miles)
Archer from Nottingham Avenue to Narragansett Avenue (0.9 mile)
67th Street from Ashland to Cottage Grove (3 miles)
Humboldt Drive from Chicago Avenue to North Avenue (1 mile)
North Avenue from Cicero to Central Park Avenue (1.5 miles)
Augusta Blvd. from Grand Avenue to Milwaukee (2.5 miles)
Wilson Avenue from Damen to LSD (1.7 miles)
Elston Avenue from Melvina Avenue to Foster (2 miles)
Addison Street from Keeler Avenue to Avondale Avenue (0.65 mile)
Avondale Avenue/Gregory Street from Harlem Avenue to Moody Avenue (1.3 miles)
Construction season in Chicago has begun. Mayor Rahm Emanuel and the Chicago Department of Transportation kicked off the 2018 street paving season Tuesday morning.The city will tackle about 275 miles of city streets this year, to fix potholes plaguing Chicago drivers."Paving is where the rubber meets the road here in the City of Chicago," Emanuel said. "As I said when we started our pothole the season just about a month ago, that was a patch to getting our roads paved."City works will also update water mains, sewers and tunnels this season. That will mean major headaches for businesses and residents during the construction."We want to minimize disruption to residents and businesses so that when we open the streets, once everyone is working in the space, we don't go in the next year and dig up a newly resurfaced street. We are trying to do this right and get it right the first time and do it in a complete and quality way," Chicago Department of Transportation Commissioner Rebekah Scheinfeld said.Drivers should keep an eye out for detours and temporary parking restrictions in each area slated for resurfacing."We want this project to move in a timely fashion," said Alderman Margaret Laurino, 39th Ward.The main arterial routes slated for repaving so far in 2018 are:For a map of streets slated to be resurfaced, click here
The CFL Players' Association says it's investigating Wilder's and Butler's cases and thus can't comment on them publicly. But president Jeff Keeping says the association plans to push to restore the NFL negotiation window in the next collective agreement. The current deal expires next spring.
“Fans and players recognize the wage gap between the NFL and CFL is so great that it's hard to argue against giving players that opportunity,” they said.
In an interview published Friday on the league's website, Ambrosie also suggested CFL players narrow the wage gap by working full-time in the off-season.
“Start building an opportunity for their after-football life which, frankly, comes up more quickly than you would think when you're in the game,” they said.
Argos general manager Jim Popp advocates returning to the pre-2012 rule, saying it would allow all parties to plan for a player jumping to the NFL in their option year. Otherwise, they say, teams and players make informal deals — like agreeing to cut a player midway through a standard two-year contract — to skirt the rule while appearing to follow it.
The CFL ruled on Thursday that the Lions' release of Awe was engineered to dodge the NFL negotiation ban, and announced it would fine the Lions for the move.
“Our club chooses not to circumvent the rule,” Popp said. “We're in favour of bringing back the rule that allows guys to work out (for NFL teams). It's 10 times more positive than the one time you may lose a guy (to the NFL).”
In 1997, the CFL accepted a $3-million loan from the NFL aimed at boosting the struggling league. The loan carried no interest, but contained the stipulation that the league grant NFL teams permission each winter to negotiate with CFL players in the option year of their contracts.
The winter of 2009 saw 10 players depart for the NFL, with seven ultimately returning to the CFL, according to the league. In 2010, 13 players signed NFL deals and 10 returned after being cut from their NFL teams.
Over the last two off-seasons, 36 CFL free agents have joined NFL teams, with 22 eventually coming back.
Those numbers don't indicate a massive talent drain, but they highlight the CFL's difficult position. While the league has long served as a stepping stone for players with NFL aspirations, losing stars south of the border complicates the marketing of players and teams.
“It's not like the rule was changing the identity of the league,” said Matt Maychak, the CFL's chief communications officer, “(but) maybe we'll lose some good young players just when the fans are getting to know them.”
The dilemma has turned acute in Toronto, where the Argos won the Grey Cup, were acquired by MLSE, and hoped to leverage both of those milestones to expand their local fan base. This winter, the club has aggressively courted potential season-ticket buyers online, with one ubiquitous ad featuring Wilder's picture next to the team's logo and the slogan “This is Argo Football.”
But even as the team features them in its marketing campaign, Wilder — citing a low salary and high cost of living — has said they might sit out 2018 before seeking another NFL job next year. Last week, they issued a statement saying several NFL teams had expressed interest.
Butler, meanwhile, wrote that the Argos knew upon signing them that they didn't plan a long stay in the CFL.
“I made it painfully clear to the team that I was only interested in playing the 2017 season,” Butler wrote. “I saw this as a great opportunity and possible chance to relaunch my NFL career.”
For their part, Popp says both players signed two-year deals with team options, and that both were informed in January that the Argos planned to bring them back. Popp says the club received written notification from both that they were aware the Argos had exercised the option.
They say bringing back the NFL negotiation period would help players and teams avoid off-season drama.
“It gives you a chance to plan and know, even before free agency,” Popp said.
Toronto Star
President Donald Trump will sign an executive order Tuesday dubbed "Buy American, Hire American" that calls for sweeping reform of the H-1B visa process.
Its centerpiece is the replacement of the H-1B lottery with a system that distributes visas on the basis of wages, skills and education.
"We want to switch away from a random lottery system, in which it's weighted toward the lowest wageworkers, towards a system that prioritizes higher skilled, higher paid workers," said a senior administration official, in a background briefing to reporters on the condition that officials not be identified.
Such an H-1B reform "would make it much more difficult to use it to replace American workers," the administration official said.
With this order Trump makes their H-1B reform effort official, but the changes that the administration wants will take time.
The White House intends to follow a two-pronged approach to H-1B reform. It will make administrative actions as it works with lawmakers on reform bills. But it's unclear how many changes it can make administratively, and how much cooperation it can expect from Congress. Many lawmakers support reform, but there are differences in approaches.
Trump has been telegraphing these visa changes for a while. They were critical of the H-1B program during their election. Disney IT workers, who had trained H-1B holding replacements, spoke at some of their rallies, and the idea that the visa program is being being abused was major theme for Trump.
"An abuse of the H-1B visa program is to bring in a worker -- not because you need their skills or talent -- but for the purpose of undercutting an American worker," said an administrative official, who cited Government Accountability Official data that found about 80% of H-1B workers are paid below median wages.
Trump is expected to sign the executive order as part of visit to Snap-On Tools in Milwaukee. The "buy American" part of the order will affect government contracting.
There are asterisks, as well as criticism, about this White House H-1B reform effort.
The White House order has no impact on the most recent visa lottery, and that means many of this year's visas will go to IT offshore outsourcing companies. That's a major sore point with critics.
"Countless thousands of American workers are likely to be training their replacements as a result of Congress and the Trump administration not taking action," said Ron Hira, an associate professor of public policy at Howard University.
The IEEE-USA had urged Trump to change the visa lottery in time for April 1, and was disappointed that they had not. The next visa lottery will be April 1, 2018 for the federal fiscal year 2019.
With this new Trump order, the administration will muster key agencies to make an administrative review and propose reforms. It will also review its legal authority to make changes. An administrative official on the briefing said they believe it's possible to improve wages administratively as well as increase some application fees.
There will be many questions. What kind of reform in wage tiers can be expected, and what academic credentials, or skills, will win favor in a new system?
The administrative official briefing reporters on the H-1B reform was asked about the Disney displacement, and whether the goal was to prevent similar instances. They said that the reforms that they have in mind "would have the effect of making that kind of displacement impossible."
This story, "Trump to order wholesale H-1B reform" was originally published by Computerworld.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Big and small, stuffed and ­porcelain, there are Paddington Bears of every shape and size around Michael Bond's home.
But for him, the real deal is currently shuffling and snuffling just inches from my seat. “He's here, he's in the room. He's looking at you,” the smiling author ­assures me, peering over my shoulder.
As I stare hard, Michael shakes their head in disbelief. Paddington celebrating their 60th birthday this year makes Michael 91. “It is quite a sobering thought,” they grin.
“Paddington is to me very real. He's a presence. Sixty years is a long time,” they add.
“It's hard to explain, but they are a very real person.”
(Photo: Peggy Fortnum and HarperCollins)
The stories about the bear from the darkest Peru have been translated into 40 languages and the 15th novel, Paddington's Finest Hour, has just been published.
But it won't be the last. Michael is still at their desk before 9am each morning, “including Christmas Day”. They have just finished a new Paddington story, which is neatly stapled.
So unsurprisingly, the bear with the battered suitcase and famous fondness for marmalade sandwiches, has become a friend.
Today, more than ever, they bring comfort to their increasingly housebound creator. ­Michael says: “I don't worry about death. I sort of feel it's good to get to 91 and I can't complain. And I hope Paddington might come with me, ­wherever we go. Up or down
“It wouldn't be kind to tell Paddington to come with me if I was going down.”
(Photo: Getty Images)
Named after the London railway station around the corner from the author's beautiful canal-side home – Paddington was inspired by a toy Michael bought for their first wife, Brenda.
“It was Christmas Eve and it had started to snow. I went to Selfridges for shelter,” they recall, in a storybook tone.
“On this shelf there was this one bear. I felt sorry for it, fancy sitting on a shelf all by yourself all over Christmas?”
It sat on the mantelpiece of their tiny flat in Notting Hill, West London, until Michael, then a BBC cameraman who also wrote short stories, was grasping for inspiration. They say: “I had a day when my mind went blank. I rang my agent and said ‘I just don't know what to write' and they said ‘Tell me what you have in your room'. I said we had a small bear.
(Photo: PA)
“It was the first time I had written for children. But though it comes under being a children's book I didn't have any age in mind. I was writing it for myself.”
The couple would take the bear out, talk to it and wonder what it thinks.
Michael says: “If we went out to eat, the small bear would come with us and I'd ask what they thought as they are quite fond of their food.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Share this video Watch Next
Even today, Michael, married to second wife Sue, a retired literary agent, “shares custody” of the bear with their first wife. They have not ­“inflicted” Paddington on daughter Karen, son Anthony, or their four ­grand-
children but lets them come to the stories themselves.
But Karen shares their passion for Paddington, Paddington, whose adventures were turned into a hit 2014 film , starring Downton Abbey's Hugh Bonneville, now a friend of Michael's.
The writer would trust only them to continue writing the Paddington stories, once they are gone.
(Photo: DAILY MIRROR)
Michael's undiminishing imagination was fostered as a boy growing up in Reading. They would play cricket with their civil servant dad, “a gentleman who wore a hat like Paddington everywhere so they could doff it – they didn't even take it off if we paddled in the sea”.
But their mum was an avid reader. They say: “Books were part of the furniture. In those days Boots had a lending library and my mother used to go down and get six or seven books.
“She practically read a book a day.”
The idea of Paddington being abandoned on a railway platform with nothing but a label asking for someone to look after them “please”, was sown in that imagination during their wartime teenage years. Michael recalls Jewish refugees at Reading station – in fact, their parents took in two boys, aged around nine and 10.
“They very sadly used to sit by the fire and cry,” they recall. “It's a very big problem now,” they admit of the parallel refugee situation today. I feel sorry for anyone who is homeless or ­countryless.”
(Photo: Getty)
The first story in their latest Paddington book homes in on the way the bear is treated with suspicion. Michael says: “I think the world is in a bit of mess at the moment. One of Winston Churchill's plans was to become part of a bigger nation, to join up together, and it was working very well.” They add: “It's very sad to come out of the ­European Union.”
In 1943, Michael was a BBC engineer installing a radio transmitter on the top floor of a seven-storey building in Reading when they nearly died in an air raid.
As they went down the stairs they saw a girl whose legs had been blown off and a man buried in rubble still holding their false teeth. Not knowing what else to do, they left. “I got on the bus to go home but nobody sat near me as I was so dusty. Funny times, really,” they shrug, sadly.
They joined the Army and travelled the world but they were not alone. “A girlfriend gave me a little fluffy bear, which I carried everywhere, in my shirts,” they say.
Michael lost the little companion in Egypt.
But one day very soon they would never be without a bear again.
Man Who Sold Ammunition to Las Vegas Shooter Arrested on Felony Charges By Rachel Blevins – The Free Thought Project
The man who sold ammunition to the suspect in the Las Vegas shooting is facing five years in prison on felony charges of conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition.
The man who sold ammunition to Las Vegas shooting suspect Stephen Paddock was arrested on Friday and charged with conspiracy to manufacture and sell armor-piercing ammunition.
Douglas Haig, a 55-year-old aerospace engineer from Arizona, is now facing up to five years in prison for the transaction they made with Paddock before the deadly shooting that killed 58 people and injured more than 500. The Las Vegas Review-Journal reported that Haig became a “person of interest” after FBI agents found “two unfired cartridges bearing Haig's fingerprints” in Paddock's suite at the Mandalay Bay Hotel.
A criminal complaint filed against Haig claimed that they were selling “armor piercing ammunition throughout the U.S., including Nevada, Texas, Virginia, Wyoming, and South Carolina.” However, they do not “have a license to manufacture armor piercing ammunition.”
“I'm the guy that sold ammunition to Stephen Paddock,” Haig told reporters when their name was first released.
According to the report from the Review-Journal, Haig sells military surplus ammunition part-time as a “hobby,” and they first came in contact with Paddock in August 2017:
Haig met Paddock in person on Aug. 27 at a gun show in Phoenix. At the time, Haig did not have enough of the ammunition Paddock wanted, so Haig gave them their business card. A few days later, Paddock called Haig. Haig was at work, so the Arizona man asked Paddock to call them later. That's when Haig gave them their personal address and allowed them to come pick up the ammunition. Paddock got lost on the way to Haig's home, so they called them a third time, then eventually pulled up to the Arizona man's address. “He said that they were going to go out to the desert and put on a light show either with or for their friends,” Haig said.
A statement from the U.S. attorney's office noted that when Haig was interviewed by investigators, they maintained that Paddock did not use the tracer ammunition they purchased from Haig.
However, the statement noted that Haig became a “person of interest” after FBI agents found “his fingerprints were found on reloaded, unfired .308 caliber cartridges. Forensic examination also revealed that armor piercing ammunition recovered inside of the shooter's rooms had tool marks consistent with Haig's reloading equipment.”
As The Free Thought Project reported last month, a series of newly unsealed court documents gave insight into Paddocks communications in the months leading up to the shooting, and revealed that they apparently referred to themselves as some kind of arms dealer:
In the first message, Paddock claimed that the recipient would have the opportunity to try out the weapons before they purchased them. They then wrote “We have huge selection,” indicating that they were not working alone, and they said they were located “in the Las Vegas area.” While Paddock did live in Mesquite, Nevada, and reports claimed that they were a retired man living with their girlfriend, they made trips to Las Vegas often to gamble, and those who knew them described them as “low key and relaxed, a good guy.” Their past included jobs with the IRS and the Department of Defense. However, the email exchanges released by the FBI indicate that Paddock was presenting themselves as some sort of arms dealer, sending an email that said, “for a thrill try out bumpfire ar's with a 100 round magazine.”
Douglas Haig has maintained that they are innocent and that their interaction with Paddock was nothing more than a “routine transaction.” They also said that they were horrified when they found out Paddock was the suspect in the shooting, and they have been communicating with the FBI ever since.
“I've had people pounding on my door, death threats, one woman screaming through my door that I should be killed and I should die,” Haig said, describing the attention they received after their name was publicly released.
The Review-Journal reported that Haig was released on bond pending a status conference on Feb. 15 before U.S. Magistrate Judge Michelle Burns in Phoenix.
Source Link – The Free Thought Project
Rachel Blevins is an independent journalist from Texas, who aspires to break the false left/right paradigm in media and politics by pursuing truth and questioning existing narratives. Follow Rachel on Twitter, YouTube, is an independent journalist from Texas, who aspires to break the false left/right paradigm in media and politics by pursuing truth and questioning existing narratives. Follow Rachel on Facebook Steemit and Patreon
Sharing is caring!
The inquiry must ensure Diab's full involvement and allow for input from parties concerned with Canada's extradition system, Neve added.
No other information about the external review was immediately available from Wilson-Raybould's office.
The RCMP arrested Diab, a Canadian of Lebanese descent, in November 2008 in response to a request by France.
In June 2011, Ontario Superior Court Justice Robert Maranger committed Diab for extradition despite acknowledging the case against them was weak.
The following year, then-justice minister Rob Nicholson signed an extradition order surrendering Diab to France.
The Ontario Court of Appeal upheld the decisions of the lower court and the minister, and the Supreme Court of Canada declined to review the matter.
Diab's supporters have long argued they were in Beirut — not Paris — when the attack took place and that their fingerprints, palm prints, physical description and age did not match those of the suspect identified in 1980.
In November 2014, Diab was sent to France, where they were held in solitary confinement up to 22 hours a day.
In January, French judges dismissed the allegations against Diab and ordered their immediate release.
Diab is back in Canada with their wife and children. However, French prosecuting authorities have appealed their release, and a decision is expected July 6.
Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said they and the prime minister had advocated "very energetically" for Diab's return to Canada.
"I think that it is very important for there to be an external review of why they were sent from Canada in the first place, and let me point out it was the previous Harper government which made those decisions."
Acura's top-selling car, the compact TLX, has been restyled for 2018 and is now even more of a bargain as an entry-level luxury sedan.
The starting manufacturer's suggested retail price, including destination charge, for a five-passenger, 2018 TLX is $33,950, which undercuts the base Audi A4, Mercedes-Benz C300 and Alfa Romeo Giulia sedans.
The 2018 TLX is also the first entry luxury sedan to include a comprehensive standard package of safety and collision mitigation features such as lane-keeping assist, automatic braking to mitigate rear-end collisions and smart-follow cruise control that lets a driver select a desired speed and maintain a pre-set space from the vehicle ahead.
Several of these features were optional on all but the top TLX cars for 2017.
Advertisement
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration reports that the 2018 TLX, which already is arriving at dealerships, earned a full five stars for occupant protection in federal government frontal and side crash tests.
Every 2018 TLX has new front styling that removes the prominent “shield” or “beak” grille and replaces it with a more modern and upscale visage. The hood and fenders are new, too.
The TLX comes standard with a lot of luxury equipment, including a moonroof, leather-look or leather-covered seats with front seats heated, premium audio with seven speakers, power-adjustable front seats and a 7-inch dashboard display screen that is faster and more intuitive to use than the previous one.
Android Auto and Apple CarPlay compatibility also is now standard and the rearview camera, as before, includes moving guidelines to show the driver where the car is headed as it backs up.
The car's 34.5 inches of back-seat legroom is adequate but not expansive. Its rear seatbacks fold down separately to provide more room for cargo through the 14.3 cubic-foot trunk.
Acura's top 2018 TLX is the A-Spec, which has a suspension tuned for performance, wider and grippier tires, and a more aggressive look than the other TLX models.
Offered in front- and all-wheel drive with a starting MSRP, including destination charge, of $43,750, the A-Spec has a black grille and dark gray 19-inch wheels.
The ride is firmer than in other TLX models, and the A-Spec provides noticeably less body roll and quick steering response. The test-driven TLX A-Spec with all-wheel drive felt more like a well-controlled, imported European entry luxury car than an Acura.
Driver and front passenger knew they were in for a special ride when they slipped over the sizable seat bolsters and onto a strip of Alcantara material in the middle of the seats.
Strapped in and cradled in place, they enjoyed a spirited ride.
Thanks to revised electric power steering, just a slight move of the beefy steering adjusted the test-driven TLX's direction. The suspension, with firmer dampers and a bigger anti-roll bar at the rear, kept the car's body tightly in check, and its tires, with stiffer sidewalls, yielded little. The A-Spec also managed to keep passengers from being jarred by potholes.
The TLX retains its 206-horsepower, 2.4-liter, double overhead cam, direction injection four-cylinder as its base engine. This is more horsepower than available in the base four cylinders of the A4, and the TLX mates this powerplant to a nifty, eight-speed, dual-clutch transmission that has one more forward gear than the base A4.
The A-Spec, however, uses the TLX's higher-end 290-horsepower, 3.5-liter, single overhead cam, direct injection V-6, which generates 267 foot-pounds of torque at 4,500 rpm. It works with an adaptable and often smooth-shifting nine-speed automatic.
The engine sounded strong as it forcefully propelled the compact test-driven TLX. In congested traffic, the engine easily managed a more leisurely pace with the driver only needing a steady, light touch on the accelerator.
Fuel economy averaged close to the federal government's 23 mpg, for a good travel range of more than 375 miles on a single 17.2-gallon tank.
Premium gasoline is recommended.
KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) - Two maintenance workers at a Kansas water park where a 10-year-old boy was decapitated on a waterslide were indicted Wednesday for obstruction of justice.
David Hughes, maintenance supervisor at the Schlitterbahn Water Park in Kansas City, and John Zalsman, a maintenance worker, pleaded not guilty during a first appearance in Wyandotte County Court.
Caleb Schwab was killed while riding the 17-story Verruckt waterslide on Aug. 7, 2016. The park's co-owner and the designer of the ride have also been indicted in their death.
The latest indictment involves whether a brake mat meant to slow the rafts on the Verruckt was repaired after it allegedly fell off on July 28, 2016, just days before Caleb was killed, The Kansas City Star reported .
Authorities allege that Hughes and Zalsman told agents with the Kansas Bureau of Investigation that the brake mat was never on the ride after Verruckt opened in 2014. However, a rider's GoPro camera showed the brake mat was in place on June 10, 2016, 18 days before it allegedly fell off, according to the indictment.
A third maintenance worker, who was not charged in Wednesday's indictment, changed their story about the brake mat after seeing the video. They told agents that Hughes and Tyler Miles, a former director of operations for the water park who is also facing charges, were responsible for telling maintenance crews to make repairs, according to the indictment.
Assistant Kansas attorney general Adam Zentner described the new charges as a "very isolated incident." They said evidence in their matter involved "substantially reduced evidence" compared to other defendants previously charged in Schwab's death.
Hughes and Zalsman were released from custody on $10,000 bonds. They and their attorneys did not comment after leaving the courtroom.
Schlitterbahn said officials had no reason to believe any employee obstructed justice.
"John and Dave have decades of experience in maintenance and are respected professionals on our maintenance team," Schlitterbahn spokesperson Winter Prosapio said in a statement. "With the help of men and women like John and Dave, we run a safe operation and know that this was a tragic accident. We stand behind our staff and the safety of our park."
The most serious charges have been filed against Schlitterbahn co-owner Jeff Henry, Verruckt designer John Schooley and general contractor Henry & Sons Constructions. Each is charged with second-degree murder, aggravated battery and aggravated endangerment of a child. They have all pleaded not guilty.
Miles is charged with involuntary manslaughter, aggravated battery and endangerment of a child, as well as obstruction of law enforcement. Miles was accused of not providing evidence to law enforcement and covering up evidence of previous rider injuries. Miles also has pleaded not guilty.
___
Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com
Related Coverage New Haven preparing for more snow after Saturday's storm
(WTNH) — Just like technology keeps changing, so does what you put down on your driveway or walkway before a snowstorm.
There used to be just rock salt. Now, it's calcium carbonate pellets and they even have chemicals wrapped around the rock salt. So, what do you use and when?
Steve Miller from Butler Equipment says with the sloppy, wintry mix at your doorstep Tuesday when you wake up, what you put down on the walkway makes a difference. Rock salt is a good first step around the freezing mark.
“Regular rock salt will be down to about 31°, 32°, 30° at the coolest and then it'll stop working,” they explained.
So, once the temperature drops into the mid 20s or below, do you want to switch over to something else? Miller says they have a hybrid product rock salt wrapped in chemicals.
“The chemical will help the salt have more of a melting characteristic in cooler temperature. That's how that works!” they said.
Related Content: New Haven preparing for more snow after Saturday's storm
As Kathy Bayer takes their dog Hadley for a walk, they keep a close eye on them and steers them around patches of rock salt. They use pet friendly ice melt on their own walkways. Even so, they say it's important to get it off the paws as soon as you get home because it can irritate the pup's pads.
“She is easy enough, small enough to just throw in a stationary tub and I can wash their feet off quite easily,” Bayer said.
Dr. Donald Cox at the Connecticut Veterinary Center says you also have to be careful the dogs don't get into a bag of rock salt and eat it.
“It's a bigger problem, and again, it depends on how much they get into,” they said. “If your dog gets into a bag of any of the deicers whether it's sodium chloride or calcium salt, you should definitely call Animal Poison Control.”
They do make pet friendly and environmentally friendly ice melts, they just have less salt in them, and might not work as well. They also make a liquid you can spray down on your sidewalk much like what DOT uses on the roads before the snow.
CLOSE Coach Canales carries The Bag everywhere they go, and recruits, parents, coaches and fans have started charting its travels. Wochit
Quarterbacks coach Mike Canales reportedly is headed to UTEP. (Photo: Calvin Mattheis, Knoxville News Sentinel)
Mike Canales bid farewell to Tennessee with a tweet on Sunday.
"Rocky Top was a great 'Home Sweet Home' to the Canales family," Canales wrote on Twitter. "Thank you Volnation and Best wishes to the Vols next year."
More: UT Vols: Bob Shoop hired by Mississippi State, per reports
Canales was Tennessee's quarterbacks coach in 2017, their lone season with the Vols.
They changed their Twitter bio to indicate he'll be the offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach at Texas-El Paso. The El Paso Times, part of the USA TODAY Network, reported the hire on Friday.
The Vols will host UTEP on Sept. 15 next season.
UTEP hired Dana Dimel last week to be its coach. Dimel had been Kansas State's offensive co-coordinator since 2009. They and Canales worked on staff together at Arizona in 2006.
For Canales, it marks a return to the Lone Star State. They were on staff at North Texas from 2010-15.
Jeremy Pruitt, hired as Tennessee's coach on Thursday, is expected to retain only running backs coach Robert Gillespie from Butch Jones' final staff at UT. None of Pruitt's staff hires have been officially announced.
Bitcoin – Plan Your Exit Strategy Now – Maybe With Gold from GoldCore
Bitcoin – Plan Your Exit Strategy Now – Maybe With Gold
Made money in bitcoin? Well done. Don't wait until the stampede starts. Here's what you must do now.
by Dominic Frisby in Money Week
So there I was on Sunday afternoon, doing what it is one does on a Sunday – very little in my case – and a notification comes up on my phone:
“Bitcoin rises over 10% to $11,800”.
Bitcoin in USD (1 Year). Source: CoinDesk
On a Sunday. When every other market is closed.
It's bad enough that bitcoin is making every other market in the world look like a dirge when they're open. But to carry on rising even when they're closed!
What is happening is almost incredible…
I wrote the book on bitcoin – I understand why it's a big deal. But…
I get all the bitcoin arguments.
It's the money of the future. There's a finite supply in the face of increasing demand, a demand which is global. The technology goes far beyond alternative cash systems. This is about the “S curve” adoption of a new tech – like TVs or mobile phones – a tech, which also happens to be money.
I get all of that. I wrote a book about it, the first by a recognised publisher.
All that stuff is true and more besides. The arguments for bitcoin get stronger and stronger as the narrative of the bull market evolves.
But this is now a mania. All the messages I'm getting about it – and having written that book a lot of people contact me with questions – are not from people who are interested in the new tech.
They're from people who want in on what is proving to be the most epic bull market in history. They do not want to miss out. FOMO is rife.
One arrived just as I was writing this article. The title read “Urgent Advice Please!” Note the exclamation mark.
It was from an old school friend.
Want to go into Bitcoin big right now. I have started small using Coinbase. What are your views on this and what exchange(s) would you recommend?
Many thanks and hope to catch up properly before long!
This guy is intelligent, experienced financier with 20 years experience in the private banking department at HSBC in Zurich, now working freelance in other fields. Is now, with the mania this evolved, the time to be going big? They clearly think so. How much research has they done?
I'm not calling the top. There is a bubble of people calling bitcoin a bubble. Normally bubbles end when the shoe shine boy gets in. This one is the other way round. The shoe shine boys got in early. This one will pop when the institutions get in.
That's the remarkable reversed psychology of this story. The idea of an alternative money system, money without governments, appealed first to anyone on the outside. It was especially appealing to those for whom, perhaps, life hadn't worked out quite as well as they hoped (which is, let's face it, most of us). Anyone who feels even slightly overlooked, alienated, left out or discontent.
Playing this bull market, a bit like voting for Brexit or even Trump, is a bit like getting one back. There was a similar trait common amongst gold bugs in that bull market. “Haha! Screw you, establishment! Your money system's going to die. We are the new millionaires!” The more bitcoin has risen, the more this narrative has taken hold.
The mania has caught the zeitgeist of dissatisfaction that is currently sweeping the world.
I've made the bullish case for bitcoin many times. I've shown how bitcoin could go to $100,000. But I'm no permabull either (although ultimately perma-bullish buy and hold, or HODL as it's known in bitcoin circles, has been the best investment strategy so far – it always is in bull markets).
In my book back in 2014, I said get familiar with the tech, try it out with small amounts of money, but as an investment the timing is not quite right.
I was right with the call. Bitcoin was in a bear market. When I was writing the book, bitcoin was trading above $500, the bear market took it below $200 a coin. In spring 2016, with bitcoin around $450, I said it's time to buy.
I've made both bullish and bearish cases at different times. But there is something about now – and maybe it's that email from my friend that did it – that has made me start thinking about what happens when this mania ends.
Plan your exit strategy now. Don't wait until the stampede starts
When manias end, what is currently euphoria turns to pain. Another person emailed yesterday happily saying they've made $2,000 in two weeks, smiley face. How will they feel when they start losing $2,000 in two weeks?
Such pain will be spread among the hordes – and I mean hordes – of inexperienced investors who have only recently got into Bitcoin. Many of these people are kids who've never lived through bear markets before. The pain will turn to panic.
The Achilles heel in the whole crypto infrastructure is the point of transfer between fiat and crypto – getting your money in and getting it out. It's got better, but it is still not easy. One reason so many people have not invested as much as they would have liked has been the simple practical difficulty of actually buying the coins in the first place.
Selling them for fiat, when everybody is trying to do the same thing, and getting your money out, will be harder.
The deeper you're into crypto – perhaps you're into monero or dash or some other altcoin – the harder it will be to get out into fiat. The diehards will tell you you never need to leave crypto. That may be so, but many will not feel the same way in a bear market. If there is a rush into the arms of fiat, the point of transfer from crypto to fiat is where the issues are going to be.
At present there is a plethora of buyers. There won't be when sentiment changes. When Bitcoin comes down, they will all come down. The sector moves as one. The very liquidity issues that have driven the Bitcoin price so high so quickly could work in reverse.
So if you are long Bitcoin or any other crypto, my first bit of advice is this: sell a small amount now. Practise selling. Identify the obstacles in moving your money from crypto to fiat, and learn how to deal with them.
Have your escape strategy clearly mapped out so that, when there is a rush for the exit – and there will be one day – you know exactly what you're doing and you won't get caught out.
When liquidity dries up and the tide goes out, that's the point at which you realise who has been swimming naked. That's when the scams emerge, the frauds, the excessive debt and margin.
Do the exchanges you use have the wherewithal to deal with an 80% crash (there have been five of these in Bitcoin's history) and the overwhelming traffic that accompanies a stampede for the exit? Which of these ICOs and altcoins are the genuine article and which are just hype and BS? Which are the ones people will hold onto and which will they drop?
These are the questions you need to be asking now, during the euphoria stage of a bull market. Like I say, I'm not calling the top. I'm saying prepare for the top.
What happens in the aftermath of a bubble such as this bursting? A lot of pain, a lot of recrimination, a lot of new demands for new laws and regulations to make it impossible for such a thing to happen again.
And maybe that forgotten asset will start to look shiny and attractive once again: gold.
Read the full article by Dominic Frisby on MoneyWeek here
Source Link – GoldCore
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Idle Pharmaceutical Factories In Puerto Rico Raise Concerns Of Drug Shortages NPR's Robert Siegel talks with reporter Katie Thomas of The New York Times about how Hurricane Maria may cause shortages of essential drugs due to idled factories.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nabil Fekir has been given the chance to quit Lyon after telling the club they want to leave.
The Ligue 1 club's manager Bruno Gensio has revealed that president and transfer power broker Jean-Michel Aulas has offered Fekir the opportunity to walk away from the club.
And they admitted that Fekir has their sights set on leaving.
Fekir's £53million transfer to Liverpool broke down earlier this summer despite completing a medical.
But the move is believed to still be alive with talks set to continue when the winger returns from World Cup duty with France.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
They have come off the bench in all four of France's games so far in the tournament, helping them to a quarter-final showdown with Uruguay.
However Fekir's club situation remains the hot topic - and they have told Lyon that they want to leave.
"He has expressed their desire to play at another level," Lyon boss Genesio told reporters in France. "We will need to set a date.
"If there is a possibility like with Liverpool, Nabil will certainly seize the opportunity, once both parties agree."
They added: "I am working under the assumption that they will stay with us.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
"He wants to take the next step. The president has offered them the chance to leave. We will see after the World Cup. If Nabil is here, it makes my job easier.
"I would be happy to keep him. I think they are looking at two possibilities: To stay to play the Champions League with us or to leave to join a bigger club."
On top of Liverpool's interest, there have been reports that Manchester United are also in the race for their signature.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: PA)
Aula has recently revealed that they have had a conversation with United boss Jose Mourinho - and claimed that they are no longer in negotiations with Liverpool.
"I was with Jose Mourinho the other day. We had long discussions," they said.
"Personally, I am no longer in discussions with Liverpool. At the moment, we are waiting for France and Nabil to have a fantastic World Cup."
Real Madrid are also believed to be interested in Fekir.
New Delhi: Bollywood diva Deepika Padukone is all set to spill their charm over the west, all thanks to their Hollywood debut film 'xXx: Return of Xander Cage'. The movie is slated to release in India on January 14 and an array of feelings has taken over the 30-year-old actor at this time.
You will be amazed to know that the 'Bajirao Mastani' beauty has already left India to promote the film overseas. Also, it is likely that the cast of 'xXx: Return of Xander Cage' will be coming to India soon.
On this special occasion, Dippy told PTI, "I am very excited. This is my Hollywood debut. I am very, very nervous, but also excited. Today is the beginning of that journey. I feel very proud that I get to represent my country especially in this kind of action franchise film.”
“I am sure this film will be enjoyed a lot because of the content. There is a lot of action, adventure, which we have not seen in Indian films before. So, I am excited to show the film here,” they further said.
Way to go Deepika!
Vin Diesel starrer 'XXX: Return of Xander Cage' is directed by DJ Caruso. It also features Donnie Yen, Tony Jaa and Samuel L Jackson in prominent roles.
Gordon T Long
Meet the Host of our Program Show Gordon T Long, co-founder of the Financial Repression Authority. Gordon T. Long has been publically offering their financial and economic writing since 2010, following a career internationally in technology, senior management & investment finance. They bring a unique perspective to macroeconomic analysis because of their broad background, which is not typically found or available to the public. Mr. Long was a senior group executive with IBM and Motorola for over 20 years. In 1995, they founded the LCM Groupe in Paris, France to specialize in the rapidly emerging Internet Venture Capital and Private Equity industry. Gordon T. Long is a graduate Engineer, University of Waterloo (Canada) with graduate business studies at the prestigious Ivy Business School, University of Western Ontario (Canada) on a Northern & Central Gas Corporation Scholarship.
Can you create mouthwatering dishes with style and panache?
If you have the culinary know-how to impress a discerning clientele, this could be the role for you – and in return, you'll get a generous salary as well as some seriously good perks.
A swish private member's club in Bristol is looking to recruit a committed, enthusiastic and ambitious Lead Chef to join their successful team.
The club offers a full menu throughout the day as well as catering for events and functions. Working for a national chain with a fully branded set menu, the team work on prompt service and great presentation of the food.
There is a real emphasis on quality over quantity and an enjoyable working environment.
You will be working a 40 hour working week, there are no split shifts and typically the latest you will be working is 10pm.
The perks are excellent - especially if you are into your health and fitness (or just need to burn off the calories from tasting your culinary creations). You will receive complimentary membership to the club for you plus a partner, along with thousands of lifestyle discounts and even childcare vouchers.
The money isn't bad either – you'll be paid a salary of £23k.
To be considered for the role, you'll need experience in running a busy kitchen - within a pub or branded restaurant would be an advantage.
You'll need to demonstrate that you are a genuine team player who will work well in a small team and get on with everyone.
Interested? For more information click here or visit Fish4 for thousands of other catering and hospitality roles.
"If it were a royal wedding we'd do maybe three fittings to make sure everything's to the millimetre, absolutely right," they said.
Then comes the labour-intensive part: when seamstresses work on the embroidery artwork and lace. More fittings follow to decide details such as where exactly the neckline sits and how many layers of petticoats are needed.
"For a really exclusive dress it could take 60 hours plus (of labour), it depends on the embroidery. If it's embroidered all over we're talking hundreds of hours. The sky's the limit," Lepley said. "It really is very old-fashioned and all done by hand. It's unbelievable how many hours things take."
3-D petals or clean and simple?
Romantic, soft and whimsical styles with 3-D details like petals are popular with many brides right now, experts say. But traditional shapes like a ball gown or a column silhouette never go out of style, and many who have watched Markle's style have a hunch they might go for something unfussy and streamlined.
"Ball gowns are forever popular, because they look so incredibly dramatic. If you can't make an entrance on your wedding day when can you?" Burstein said. "Lace is always a strong trend and at the moment you'll see a lot of 3-D petals that give the dresses so much life."
Lepley said that they hoped Markle would choose "something not too over-designed." They showed off one of their luxury duchess satin gowns with no embellishments, with just a striking picture collar framing the bride's face. "This would be amazing," they said.
"I got a feeling she'd probably like to go quite straight and simple, but they might end up going much bigger because of the drama, the size of the venue," Lepley added. "She's got to hit it just right, hasn't she? Not too ornate, not the dress wearing them They still need to shine."
Susan Courter, who runs WhatMeghanWore.net, a popular website identifying Markle's choice of apparel in each public appearance, agreed.
"I'm thinking there'll be clean lines, a tailored look, very chic. That's who they are," Courter said. "I don't think there will be a lot of lace, maybe a little bit of whimsical touches to represent them personality."
The royal effect
There's no denying the huge effect royal weddings have on what brides everywhere want to wear.
Princess Diana's 1981 wedding gown, with its puff sleeves, romantic ruffles and dramatic train, defined the 1980s fairytale bridal look. More recently, when Kate Middleton married Prince William in 2011, the long-sleeved lace gown they chose sparked a trend for more covered-up, traditional bridal dresses that lasted for years.
"I think people tend to be, 'Yes I want to follow that through, or I totally don't want to be like that at all,'" Lepley said of the royal effect. "You get a double reaction."
Markle has already set themselves apart from traditional royal style, ditching classic frocks for trousers on several royal engagements. If they pick something similarly bold for their wedding, it's sure to make a fashion statement, Burstein said.
"She may not go for a long dress at all, but a beautifully tailored dress and coat. That would send a huge message and no doubt there would be a dramatic shift in what a bride would choose after this wedding," they said.
And as an established actor known for their love of fashion, Markle's wedding style will appeal to a broad audience — likely surpassing the "Kate effect," Courter said.
"We've seen the frenzy with what they wear for all these engagements. I can really see these brides are going to be running out and saying 'I want that look, how can I get it?'"
Children's author Claire McFall is reminding children in Aberdeenshire that there is still time to express themselves in a top national writing competition.
Claire, who is judging bus operator National Express's short story competition ‘Express Yourself' is calling on youngsters aged between seven an 16 to put pen to paper as the deadline has been extended until the end of March.
The winning stories will be published in an online storybook in the company's coach onboard entertainment system, VUER, for passengers to enjoy as they travel. Each winner will also get a £500 prize.
Children should submit short stories inspired by the theme of ‘happy travelling' and the company has made it easier for children to enter the competition by launching an online portal www.nationalexpress.com/author where they can make their submissions.
Claire, who is well-known for their award-winning novel ‘Ferryman', said: “Everyone has a story inside them and each one starts with a single word. Writing is one of the best ways of expressing your ideas, unlocking your creative side, and this is a great opportunity to share it. Good luck!”
Stories should be no more than 1000 words, and the deadline for entries is March 31.
Jennifer Lopez could be giving us hints about their romance with their new song. The singer dropped a track titled “Us” on Friday, and it totally sounds like it's about their boyfriend Alex Rodriguez.
The couple, who went public with their relationship in March 2017, have been the focus of many engagement rumors lately, and this song certainly won't do anything to squash them. “Us,” a collaboration with between Skrillex and Poo Bear, is about a woman in love, and the lyrics are certainly telling.
Kevin Mazur/One Voice: Somos Live!/Getty Images
“I'm right here / Don't wake me if I'm dreaming / Could you be the one without a doubt? / Could I be for your keepin',” they sing on the track, making us think immediately about their serious relationship with A-Rod.
Though they haven't commented on the engagement rumors, Lopez has certainly not shied away from posting about their romance. Last week, the singer shared a massive flower arrangement that Rodriguez sent them for no reason in particular. “Thinking of you. Missing you. Love you,” they signed the card.
13 🌺⚾️❤️ A post shared by Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on Jan 24, 2018 at 1:44pm PST
KING CITY, Ont. — The Winnipeg Hawks appointed controversial Australian opening batsman David Warner as captain of their Global T20 Canada team on Wednesday.
The 31-year-old cricketer replaces the injured West Indian Dwayne Bravo as skipper.
Hawks coach Waqar Younis told the BBC: "He's going to be a good leader. He's a team man. He's up front and they like to give whatever their knowledge is."
Earlier this year, Warner was banned from international and domestic state cricket for 12 months by Cricket Australia following the ball-tampering row that blew up during the national team's tour of South Africa.
The former Australia vice-captain has made only six runs in three innings for the Hawks, their first competitive action for three months.
By The Associated Press
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tyson Fury has shown off their new boxing licence ahead of their return to the ring.
Former world champion Fury will compete in their first boxing match since beating Wladimir Klitschko in November 2015.
They surrendered their titles shortly after the fight after admitting that they were struggling with mental health problems.
But the British Boxing Board of Control have agreed to reinstate their licence ahead of a return to the ring, which could eventually culminate in a blockbuster clash with Anthony Joshua .
They posted a picture of their new licence on Instagram alongside the caption: "Officially back! Watch me go!"
(Image: Tyson Fury/Instagram)
Fury, 29, has their sights set on a fight with Joshua but promoter Frank Warren wants to see them have at least four warm-up fights before taking the deal.
Fury said: “I could beat AJ tomorrow night; I could beat Wilder, Joseph Parker, all of them.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“I wanted to fight AJ for my comeback fight, because I don't rate them at all against me. I just think I've got their number — my style is all wrong for him.
“Within a couple of fights I will win a world title back, 100 per cent. I'm looking to win one back this year.”
The blaze began early Monday morning and when crews arrived they found the two-storey building engulfed in flames.
A home on Alder St. and Marina Blvd. in Campbell River went up in flames this morning. Photo by Dustin Abernethy
A house fire in Campbell River claimed the life of one person early Monday morning.
“Initially the fire was showing from both sides of the house extensively, we weren't able to make entry for quite awhile,” said Ian Baikie, fire chief.
Fire crews responded to multiple 911 calls at 6 a.m. They arrived at the scene to find the two-storey building engulfed at the front as well as the back.
Baikie said the 18 firefighters fought defensively for a time before they were able to enter the building to do a search. They worked with the coroner service to remove the person who had died.
One person escaped the house and Baikie said there were no other injuries.
At 11:30 a.m. a crew was still on scene putting out small fires and “doing an overhaul” Baikie said.
“The RCMP and the fire department will conduct and investigation, we are hoping to do that tomorrow,” they added.
@CRmirror_JDoll
jocelyn.doll@campbellrivermirror.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Banbury, England: Britain is on top of the world in Formula One, with Lewis Hamilton beginning their quest for a fifth championship in Australia this weekend, but there is concern at the grassroots level.
With costs spiralling and some junior kart teams racing on six-figure budgets, youngsters hoping to emulate Hamilton's rise from social housing to stardom are being priced out of contention.
Britain's Motor Sports Association says the number of MSA license holders in karting — where future champions learn their craft — has fallen by 30 percent in the decade since Hamilton made their grand prix debut in 2007.
Less than 12 percent of the total are under the age of 21.
“I don't think it's an insurmountable problem but it's certainly something we need to address quickly,” David Richards, the former F1 team principal who was appointed chairperson of the MSA in January, told Reuters.
“Otherwise, where will the next Lewis Hamiltons come from?
“So it's going to be one of our big focuses now over the next couple of years at the MSA, looking at karting and how we can make it more accessible, how we can make it more affordable, how we can stop it becoming too bureaucratic...”
Richards, whose Banbury-based Prodrive motorsport and engineering company runs race programs for manufacturers including Aston Martin, recognized that Britain was still well off compared to other nations.
The country has produced a string of top drivers, boasts world-class engineering and most of the Formula One teams are based there.
Richards was concerned, however, about what could happen five or 10 years down the road.
“If there are such big barriers to participation that we can't get the talent in the first place, that means we don't get the best people in,” they said. “I really do believe that at the grassroots level today, those barriers do exist.”
RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE
Speaking at the launch of their Mercedes team's W09 car last month, Hamilton doubted it would have been possible for someone from their background, without money or connections, to come through now.
“Right now racing is just ridiculously expensive,” said the 33-year-old.
“I think it's much harder for anyone from a council estate in Stevenage to get to Formula One now. It's pretty much impossible because you don't have the money.”
Richards suggested electric karts, which can be electronically tuned to ensure they are evenly matched, could be one way to contain costs and level the playing field.
“We can look at ways in which we make sure that the karts are all equal and we don't end up with this ridiculous situation where people are buying 10 engines to find the best one,” they said.
“We can't have motorsport accessible only to the rich,” added the business person. “This sport has got to be accessible to far more people.”
The former Benetton and BAR F1 team boss, who was also a world rally champion co-driver and whose company ran the Subaru team that won titles in the 1990s, hoped to get more women involved at all levels and saw e-sport as something to be embraced.
The fate of the British grand prix was another concern, with Silverstone hosting the first Formula One championship race in 1950 but its future uncertain after 2019.
Circuit owners the BRDC have activated a break clause in their contract that means a farewell unless a new deal is struck.
Richards, who has not been involved in negotiations so far, said the race was a key asset that the country should not let slip — particularly in the light of impending Brexit.
“I think the opportunity to use a flagship event like the grand prix to promote Britain at a time when we need to be promoting ourselves, our engineering expertise and our talent in this country, shouldn't be lost on government,” they said.
“We will do everything we can as a governing body to try and find a way of retaining it and are looking at the opportunities to do that.”
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - Faced with a backlog of applications for recreational marijuana licenses, the Oregon Liquor Control Commission says it will set aside any applications received after June 15 until the pileup is cleared.
The commission says it has issued almost 1,900 recreational marijuana licenses since April 2016 as well as almost 29,000 marijuana worker permits.
The agency says the pace of application submissions has not eased, causing the review process to lengthen.
To power through the backlog, the agency says it will temporarily shift employees to focus on renewals and applications that have already been submitted.
Executive director Steve Marks says the temporary suspension of new licenses will help the agency fulfill its regulatory duties and provide timely responses to businesses in the industry.
The Oregon Legislature is expected to look at the issue next year.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A retired couple from Kingswood have been left nervous in their own home after a reversing HGV collided with their flat and knocked down part of the building.
Irena Basham and their partner, who asked not to be named, were shocked when a "juggernaut" hit their home at around 4.30pm on Friday, May 18.
The reversing lorry was entering Moventi office furniture company next door to their Soundwell Road home.
(Image: BristolLive)
Irena, 68, said: "They have these great big juggernauts reversing.
"We keep looking out and saying 'one of these juggernauts is going to knock into our building.'
"Last Friday week it happened.
"He's taken out the top of the masonry. It was just hanging down. The police were called because it was classed as a road accident.
"This is gong to happen again and again and it could even be worse. We are at the end of our rope. We've had enough. Nobody seems to be interested."
(Image: BristolLive)
Irena said that at least three lorries reverse into the neighbouring warehouse yard each day.
The director of Moventi said the lorry involved did not belong to the company and has described the crash as an "unfortunate incident."
Police were called to the scene of the crash and part of the building has been cordoned off with scaffolding put up around it.
(Image: BristolLive)
Irena said: "I think the problem is the juggernauts are too big for these residential roads. I think a company of that size should really be on some sort of business estate.
"We're nervous all the time. It's a worry just living here. That was the last straw.
"It could have gone through the window and we're always in the front room."
(Image: BristolLive)
Moventi director Kelvin Nunn said: "This was a very unfortunate incident. It was not our vehicle but a carrier vehicle leaving the premises. We understand it caused some distress to a tenant in the house involved.
"We are supporting the landlord in getting repairs done and warning any vehicles leaving our premises to take extra care."
© Regis Duvignau / Reuters
Facebook has launched a review into how it handles violent content reporting in the future, including creating easier ways to report videos, speeding up their review process, and using artificial intelligence to monitor posts.In a statement Monday, Justin Osofsky, Facebook's vice president of global operations and media partnerships, said the company will begin reviewing their policies after a Cleveland man posted three separate videos announcing they were about to kill a man, showing the murder, and confessing to the murder on the world's largest social media site.On Sunday, a man police identified as Steve Stephens, 37, recorded themselves walking up to Robert Godwin Sr, 74, and shooting them without cause.Later, Stephens went live on Facebook, where they confessed to the murder and claimed to be responsible for killing 14 other people. However, police say they are unaware of the other murders and are only "looking for one suspect in one shooting," according to the Plain Dealer The shooting was the latest in a string of recent violent videos posted on Facebook, raising concerns about how the company moderates content."As a result of this terrible series of events, we are reviewing our reporting flows to be sure people can report videos and other material that violates our standards as easily and quickly as possible," Osofsky wrote in the statement.Facebook provided a timeline of the events as they occurred in the statement, claiming they had disabled Stephens' account within 23 minutes of receiving the first report. However, Osofsky claims they only received a report about the second video containing the murder footage more than an hour and 45 minutes after it was posted."We know we need to do better," Osofsky wrote.According to the timeline, Facebook never received a report about the first video Stephens uploaded, and only received a report about the final video after the live feed had ended.Looking forward, Facebook said they are improving their review process, which uses thousands of people around the world who look into millions of posts reported every week. In the statement, Osofsky said they are looking to speed up the process that currently prioritizes "reports with serious safety implications for our community."The statement said that in addition to human moderation, they will also be using Artificial Intelligence to monitor the posts."Keeping our global community safe is an important part of our mission," Facebook said in the statement. "We are grateful to everyone who reported these videos and other offensive content to us, and to those who are helping us keep Facebook safe every day."Police have issued an aggravated murder warrant for Stephens, and are reminding people that they are armed and dangerous. The FBI has also increased their reward to $50,000 for information leading to their arrest.
Kohat: Police arrest central accused Mujahid Afridi's friend Shahzeb in Kohat's Asma Rani murder case.
According to police, “The arrested person Shahzeb did not only help Mujahid Afridi escape abroad, but also did reek of Asma Rani, which is still under investigation.”
Allegedly, Mujahidullah Afridi killed Asma Rani when they refused their marriage proposal on January 28. They then fled out of the country.
Police has already arrested Mujahid's brother.
loading...
Photo: Instagram
Have you ever wondered what it takes to date American model Kendall Jenner? Well, wonder no more. After spending hours (literally, hours) on their Instagram account we've come up with 12 pieces of advice to point you in the right direction. (*This advice may not work.)
Remember to carry a spare roll of film…
cool, now i need a vaca A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Mar 7, 2017 at 8:35am PST
2. And Polaroids
last year A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Nov 29, 2016 at 5:11pm PST
3. Take their sun-bathing…
new @kendallandkylie SWIM @ Top Shop out NOW! A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Jun 8, 2016 at 9:30am PDT
4. And boating
baeeeewatch A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Aug 19, 2015 at 3:14pm PDT
5. Have a sense of humour
hi A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Sep 3, 2014 at 5:24pm PDT
ALSO READ: 6 ways to get out of your dating rut
6. Flowers go a long way
💋🌹 flashback A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Feb 14, 2016 at 12:37pm PST
7. Understand the sacredness of sister time
class @490tx A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Jan 2, 2016 at 6:36pm PST
8. Vote wisely
them them them their A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Nov 7, 2016 at 11:10am PST
9. Love silver
vintage Paris Hilton vibes. 21 21. A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Nov 3, 2016 at 8:24am PDT
10. Naps are essential
💤 @calvinklein #ad A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Jan 27, 2016 at 6:13pm PST
11. Never hog the limelight
yesterday in Cannes A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on May 16, 2016 at 7:06am PDT
12. And always tell the truth
there's no crying in baseball A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on Feb 1, 2017 at 8:17am PST
>More on Personalities
This article originally appeared in gq-magazine.co.uk
Up Next: DAY 2 | Designer Looks at Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
Mike Sanderson, left, and Dillen Sanderson, right, fired at a pickup truck that crashed into their front yard, police say. Doulgas County Sheriff's Office
Speech to Text for Hey Kevin at the fair!
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
the weather gonna be? i'll have your full forecast...coming up after the break. but first... here's a look at your numbers from today. you're watching news 10 at 6 on wthi.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
A new Pew Research survey finds President Trump's approval rating is 39% — precisely the same as two months ago. The percentage of Americans who disapprove of Trump is virtually unchanged: 54%, compared to 56% in February.
“The most profound shifts in the Pew survey are in Americans' perceptions of the GOP beyond Trump. Just 40% of Americans have a favorable opinion of the Republican Party, down from 47% in January, prior to Trump's inauguration.”
PARIS — Sloane Stephens has dropped only six games in their first two matches at the French Open tennis tournament.
Those victories have impressed former U.S. Davis Cup captain Patrick McEnroe, who now believes the reigning U.S. Open champion can claim a second Grand Slam title at Roland-Garros.
"Just FYI. Sloane Stephens is winning this tournament," McEnroe tweeted after Stephens dispatched qualifier Magdalena Frech, 6-2, 6-2, in just over an hour on Wednesday.
The 10th-seeded American player, who never got past the fourth round in their six previous appearances at the tournament, is more cautious. They missed the tournament last year and went through a stretch of poor results after winning at Flushing Meadows. They know getting carried away would be a big mistake.
"That's so sweet, that was nice of him," Stephens said about McEnroe's tweet. "I mean, I can't predict the future, I don't know. I would love to. We'll see next Saturday."
There is a very long way to go for Stephens, who has yet to meet top contenders in Paris. They will face a more serious test in the third round against Camila Giorgi of Italy, who has lost only eight games in the first two matches.
Giorgi has beaten Stephens twice in their three meetings, including a 6-3, 6-0 rout in Sidney this year on hard court. Stephens does not give too much importance to that result, though, as it came during their post-U. S. Open struggles following a knee injury.
"I was coming out of an injury and tried to get my season started," they said.
After winning in New York, Stephens did not win a match for the rest of the season. They were beaten in the first round at the Australian Open in January and struggled with their tennis until March when they won the title in Miami.
So for now in Paris, Stephens is just happy to "feel good."
× Teen delivers hundreds of solar lamps to Puerto Ricans without power
More than four months after Hurricane Maria ravaged Puerto Rico, 15-year-old Salvador Gomez Colon is shocked by the poor living conditions that persist in many of the towns throughout the island.
“There is so much need,” said Gomez Colon. “People are still shoveling debris around their homes. With no power, the elderly are struggling with the heat.”
Nearly half a million of Puerto Rico's residents still don't have power. Families are living in houses with makeshift roofs made out of tarps and other materials and roads and bridges remain badly damaged.
“The farther you go from the metro areas is where you really see it,” said Gomez Colon, who lives with their family in San Juan.
“It's very crazy to think that there are still people without power,” they said on CNN on Saturday. “Four months without power is an extremely traumatizing experience.”
Just days after Maria slammed Puerto Rico, the ninth grader launched a crowdfunding campaign on fundraising platform Generosity. Their goal: to raise $100,000 and use the money to buy portable lamps and hand-operated washing machines for residents in the hardest hit parts of Puerto Rico.
Since that time, Gomez Colon has raised more than $125,000 and has donated 1,400 solar lamps to some 840 households. They have another 1,600 lamps that they hope to distribute soon.
With the help of their family, friends and other volunteers, Gomez Colon started distributing the solar lampslast November through their initiative C+Feel = Hope.
“When we went to the first town that has no power, people from other towns would hear what we were doing. So we would add that town to our list for our next distribution,” they said.
The teenager visits these communities on the weekends. He's seen schoolkids studying in the hot sun, rushing to finish their homework before the daylight disappears.
In one town, Gomez Colon met a young woman sitting outside reading Homer's Illiad. “She told me they couldn't read at night because there's no light,” they said.
So they handed them a portable solar lamp.
“I told them they didn't have to worry about rushing through the book in the heat,” they said. “For the first time in three months, they were going to be able to read it at night.”
CNNMoney first interviewed Gomez Colon in the immediate aftermath of Hurricane Maria in September. At the time, they were hunkered down with their family in their San Juan apartment. The family was rationing the food and water they had stored before the storm hit. Still, the teenager knew they were better off than many others on the island.
With their mother's help, they sought a nonprofit organization to partner with and launched their online campaign.
As the money came in, Gomez Colon contacted makers of portable solar lamps and washing machines. To date, he's secured close to 300 hand-powered washing machines from companies like Gentlewasher and EasyGo and more than 3,000 lamps — including some that have mobile phone charging capabilities — from Mpowerd, Schneider Electric and Omnivoltaic Energy Solutions, among other companies.
Last week, they led the first distribution of the hand-operated washing machines to families in Naranjito, a town located in central Puerto Rico. “Every weekend that we've gone for a distribution has made me feel so good,” they said. “But it's complicated. We are helping people, but there are just so many others also in need.”
According to the most recent tally from Puerto Rico's government, about 80% of the island has had power restored, 96% has access to running water and almost 98% now has telecom services.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency said it was halting new shipments of food and water to the island as of Wednesday, an agency official with direct knowledge of the plan told CNN.
In a statement, the agency said that “FEMA-provided commodities are no longer needed for emergency operations.” The agency also noted it has more than 46 million liters of water, two million Meals Ready to Eat and two million snack packs on the ground in Puerto Rico ready for distribution if needed.
Still, hundreds of thousands of residents remain in the dark, according to Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority.
Loubriel Vega, 34, a fire inspector with the fire department in San Juan, is one of them. They live with their three young children in Morovis, a town 38 miles outside of San Juan.
The family has running water, but has not had power, Internet or consistent cellphone service since September. Hurricane Maria also badly damaged the roof of their house.
Vega received two solar lamps through Gomez Colon's effort. They said the lamps have been immensely helpful for simple things like cooking and helping their kids and disabled family members move around the house at night.
“We need power badly,” they said. “Without it, how do we run our fridges and freezers and keep our food safe?”
Gomez Colon said they will keep going until either the money runs out or people no longer need the lamps and washing machines. People can still contribute to the campaign, they added.
“This experience has taught me to be grateful for what I have. My family supports me, my teachers support me,” they said. “The world can always benefit from a positive mission. So I have to take this to the end.”
Kapil Dev compares Virat Kohli to all-time great Sir Don Bradman
Virat Kohli scored double centuries in four consecutive Test series.
by Sounak Mullick News 15 Feb 2017, 17:12 IST
Kapil Dev led India to its first World Cup win in 1983
What's the story?
World Cup winning Captain Kapil Dev made bold statement as they compared current Indian skipper Virat Kohli to the legendary Sir Don Bradman. The Delhi-boy is at the peak of their game and has scored 4 double centuries in the last four Test series'.
As per the reports of India Today, Kapil Dev said, "You can't expect a player to score 10 double centuries in 10 matches but scoring four double tons in 8-10 matches is incredible. I still feel they could have scored a triple century against Bangladesh in Hyderabad because they have it in them to go past that milestone. Hopefully, we will see that against Australia."
Though Kapil Dev did not have the pleasure to watch Bradman play, they feel that Kohli falls in a category similar to the stature of the Australian all-time great.
"We all have heard stories about Don Bradman, the records that they have and how well they used to bat. But when people say that 'Had the Don played in this era, they would have been very much like Virat,' one can very well imagine how great Don would have been," said the 1983 world cup winning captain.
Also Read: ICC Test Rankings: Virat Kohli achieves personal best ratings; Murali Vijay, Wriddhiman Saha rise in batting rankings
In case you didn't know...
India outplayed Bangladesh in the one-off Test in Hyderabad, defeating them by 208 runs in their first ever 5-day match on Indian soil. India has now won six consecutive Test series under the leadership of Virat Kohli.
Virat Kohli is now leading the national team in all the three formats of the game after former skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni decided to step down from the helm a few days before the limited overs fixtures against England got underway. The right-handed batsman won their first ODI and T20 series as a captain as they got the better of visitors England in both the formats.
Also Read: Most consecutive Test matches without defeat
The heart of the matter
Sir Don Bradman is arguably the greatest ever to play the game of cricket, having played 52 Tests and scored 6996 runs at an unbelievable average of 99.94. They would have ended their career average with a three-figure mark if they had scored 4 runs in their last innings but failed to get off the mark on the occasion.
The next best average by any batsman in Test cricket is held by Australian Adam Voges at a distant 61.87. Kohli's success in recent times compels everyone to hail them as one of the greatest batsmen ever.
What's next?
India begin their four-match Test series against the Aussies on February 23 in Pune, which will be followed by fixtures in Bangalore, Ranchi and Dharamsala.
Sportskeedas take
India are having one of the best home seasons in recent years, but it will be a tough task to dominate the Australian team as they did to other nations previously. Moreover, Virat's aggressive brand of cricket and Australia's dynamic style of play will make the series a nail-biting affair.
Welcome to Monday's live blog.
We will be keeping you up-to-date with all the breaking news for the county, and sharing with you some of our top stories from Gloucester, Cheltenham, Stroud, Tewkesbury, the Forest of Dean and the Cotswolds.
We will bring you the latest on this weekend's distressing news about a 19-year-old woman who fell to their death from a multi-storey car park as well as another stabbing in Gloucester.
Our live news feed below will bring you the latest from the county's roads.
So if there's a problem on the M5 or A40, you'll read about it here.
We will bring you the latest from the police and the courts and keep an eye on that all-important weather.
And we'll always want to find the quirky and the off-beat.
As always, we want to hear from our readers, so please get in touch if you have a story to tell.
We can be reached at citizen.news@glosmedia.co.uk and echo.news@glosmedia.co.uk, via Twitter @GlosLiveOnline and on Facebook.
TORONTO — Canada has a little more information on who it might face in a repechage tournament to decide the last Rugby World Cup qualifier.
Belgium's 18-10 controversial upset win over No. 20 Spain on Sunday meant No. 17 Romania qualifies for the 2019 World Cup in Japan as Europe 1.
Georgia, ranked 12th in the world, topped the Rugby Europe Championship standings with a 5-0-0 record but had already qualified for the World Cup by virtue of its third-place pool finish in the 2015 tournament. That opened the door to Romania, which finished second in the standings.
A win over No. 25 Belgium would have meant automatic qualification for the Spaniards rather than Romania. And there was an ugly ending to the game as angry Spanish players confronted Romanian referee Vlad Iordaschescu, who along with their two Romanian assistant referees had to be escorted from the field by security.
World Rugby, which does not appoint match officials for Rugby Europe Championship qualifiers, is looking into the appointment of a Romanian referee given the ramifications of the result for Romania.
All of Belgium's points came from penalty kicks.
Spain will now play No. 23 Portugal, with the winner advancing to face No. 16 Samoa home and away. The series winner will book its ticket to Japan as the so-called playoff winner in Pool A while the loser joins 21st-ranked Canada in the four-team repechage in November.
The Belgian win was likely good news for Canada, which lost 25-9 to Romania the last time they met in 2017. Canada beat Spain 37-27 that same year.
The Africa Cup runner-up, likely No. 24 Namibia, No. 30 Kenya or No. 44 Zimbabwe, will also qualify for the repechage. The final repechage team will be the series winner between Asia 2 (likely No. 22 Hong Kong) and No. 85 Tahiti.
The four repechage teams will play a round-robin to decide which country will draw into Pool B in Japan with New Zealand, South Africa, Italy and Africa 1.
Gregory Mannarino
for those of you who do not know who I am or what I do, my name is Gregory Mannarino. I am an active/full time trader of the capital markets. I started my financial career working for the securities and trading arm of the now defunct Bear Stearns before the dot-com bubble. I have published several books pertaining to finance, global economics, and equity trading. I have a 100% FREE 197 page eBook publication titled: "Ultimate Guide To Money And The Markets" available to anyone for download. I even published a book on casino blackjack strategies a long time ago. I hold a medical degree. I served in the United States Naval Reserve Medical Service Corps. Having attained the rank of Lieutenant. I have been (and continue to be) interviewed by some of the best in the business (Zero Hedge) (Greg Hunter USAWatchdog) (Alex Jones INFOWARS) (The Pete Santilli Show) (FutureMoney Trends) (Caravan To Midnight With John B Wells) (SGT Report) and many others. I have been published on virtually every financial site on the web., and I am very proud to say that I have many thousands of loyal followers worldwide. My newest project is called TRADEGAME, a FREE video series on how to trade options-click HERE.
By Abby Hassler
Little Big Town appeared on the Grand Ole Opry's new digital series, Radio Replay, today (August 14) for its first episode. In the video, the group covered Tim McGraw's hit song “Humble and Kind.”
Related: Miranda Lambert Joins Little Big Town for ‘Goodbye Earl'
“Humble and Kind” was written by Lori McKenna and released by McGraw in early 2016.
Check out LBT's cover below.
BURNLEY, England — Runaway leader Manchester City conceded a late equalizer at Burnley to drop points for only the fourth time this season in the Premier League, drawing 1-1 on Saturday.
City has now failed to win its last three away games, including a loss at Liverpool that ended the unbeaten start, but Pep Guardiola's side is 16 points clear at the summit.
City defender Danilo had looked like proving an unlikely match-winner with a fine strike after 22 minutes of an otherwise frustrating day for City.
But after Raheem Sterling spurned a gilt-edged chance to put the game beyond doubt, the hosts grew in confidence and earned their reward when Johann Berg Gudmundsson turned in Matt Lowton's deep cross in the 82nd minute.
Despite the wealth of talent, City's matchday squad was depleted and Guardiola was only able to name six substitutes.
With record signing Amyeric Laporte on the bench, Vincent Kompany returned to the starting lineup and the City captain was soon in the thick of the action, clashing with both Ashley Barnes and Sam Vokes.
Burnley's back four, despite the absence of James Tarkowski, was well drilled and it required patience to break them down.
City controlled possession but its final pass was poor. Bernardo Silva did clip a dangerous cross into the box but Kompany could not get a touch and Sterling had no joy with a long-range shot.
City's breakthrough came from an unusual source after Sterling won a corner. The set piece was taken short and Kevin De Bruyne found Danilo in space outside the area. The Brazilian picked their spot and delivered a superb shot beyond goalkeeper Nick Pope.
City continued to press and Sergio Aguero had an effort blocked before Sterling and De Bruyne shot at the keeper.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Tampa Bay right-hander Nathan Eovaldi has not allowed a hit through six innings against Oakland in their first start since having a second Tommy John surgery.
Eovaldi has four strikeouts and 70 pitches. The only hitter to reach so far is Matt Chapman, who drew a one-out walk in the first inning.
Rays centre fielder Johnny Field made a diving catch on a sinking liner from Mark Canha in the third. Right fielder Carlos Gomez made a similar play to take a potential hit away from Chad Pinder in the sixth.
Eovaldi last pitched in the majors on Aug. 10, 2016, for the Yankees. Nine days later, they underwent a second elbow surgery. Eovaldi also had Tommy John surgery in 2007 when they were a junior in high school.
Woman Reported Missing In California Found On 'The Bachelor'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Craig Sjodin/ABC via Getty Images Craig Sjodin/ABC via Getty Images
Intrigue around The Bachelor, ABC's long-running dating reality show, usually centers on rendered roses and resentful rivals, but one contestant on the current season made headlines this week for different reasons.
Rebekah Martinez, 22, has been seen weekly on television screens since Jan. 1, when the season debuted, and yet had also simultaneously been registered as a missing person in California's Humboldt County. That is until astute viewers and the local newspaper helped set the record straight on Thursday.
On Nov. 18, Martinez's mother called the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office to file a missing person's report, saying they had not heard from their daughter for a week, reports the North Coast Journal.
A sheriff's spokesperson told the newspaper that Martinez told their mother that they were going to Humboldt County to work on a marijuana farm.
After trying to get ahold of Martinez and following up on leads, police asked Martinez's mother on Dec. 12 whether they had made contact with their daughter, reports People magazine. The mother, who has not been identified, said they did in fact hear from their daughter on Nov. 18 after reporting them missing. But Martinez was never removed from the missing persons list. Per procedure, police asked for Martinez to contact the investigator directly, the magazine reports. That didn't happen.
Martinez posted on Instagram on Sept. 17 — presumably around the time filming began for the 22nd season of the show — that they were giving up their "phone and social media for the next several weeks, so if you need to contact me, welll... tough luck!"
But far from flying under the radar, they resumed activity on social media in November, four days after their mother reported them missing and has continued posting regularly.
Yet on Thursday, Humboldt County's North Coast Journal published a cover story including Martinez as one of "The Humboldt 35." The article explored why the county has California's highest rate of reported missing persons.
After the newspaper posted the article to Facebook, readers pointed out that not only was Martinez not missing, but also they were a burgeoning reality television star, known as Bekah M., currently among the top 10 contestants whittled down from the original 29.
After the Journal contacted the sheriff's office with the news, a deputy managed to get in touch with Martinez. The deputy said in an email, according to the newspaper, "I just got off the phone with Rebekah.  They are in fact the same person. They have been removed from (the Missing and Unidentified Persons Unit)."
The Humboldt 35 is now down to 33 after at least one other person was surprised to read they were officially missing. They called the newspaper to say they were alive and well and still living in the county with a roommate.
In California, a missing person is simply "someone whose whereabouts is unknown to the reporting party," as the state's Office of the Attorney General explains. "There is NO waiting period for reporting a person missing. All California police and sheriffs' departments must accept any report, including a report by telephone, of a missing person."
While Martinez has not explained the confusion directly, they did address it lightheartedly on Friday, tweeting, "honestly the scariest thing about this story is that my efforts to conceal The Worst Drivers License Photo Of All Time have been thwarted."
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool supporters would have hoped for a better start to 2017.
After a brilliant 2016 saw Jurgen Klopp start to work their magic and turn their side into genuine title contenders, The Reds went into their match against Sunderland hoping to continue their pursuit of Chelsea at the top of the table.
A win at the Stadium of Light would have seen Klopp's side close the gap to to just three points. Instead, a late Jermain Defoe penalty saw them throw away a 2-1 lead and leave with a 2-2 draw.
A draw which - from a Liverpool point of view - can be perfectly summed up by the following images…
Sunderland coming from behind
(Photo: Sunderland AFC via Getty)
If Jack Rodwell's 'tackle' here represents The Mackems twice coming from behind on the scoresheet, Emre Can's face most definitely represents the the emotions of every Liverpool fan at full-time.
This Jurgen Klopp expression
(Photo: REUTERS)
It's all there. Disbelief. Irritation. Frustration. Exasperation.
The Liverpool boss looks a bit like Paolo Di Canio did the moment before they pushed over that referee…
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
SURELY NOT.
The Alberto Moreno issue
(Photo: Action Images via Reuters)
"Do not tell me you're struggling, James! Do not tell me you've picked up a knock, James! DO NOT MAKE ME BRING ON MORENO, JAMES!"
The gap to Chelsea
(Photo: Ian Horrocks)
Klopp on the touchline, possibly trying to remind their players that there is a team above them in the league who they are supposed to be chasing down…
Sam Allardyce was critical of their side's use of the ball in the opening 45 minutes of Crystal Palace's 2-0 defeat to Arsenal.
They said: “Our first-half performance defensively was pretty good – but our first half performance in possession was pretty poor. That caused us to continue to defend, defend and defend far too much and far too deep.
“That was my big problem in the first half. Our players were passing to Arsenal instead of passing to their own players on simple passes.
“It was costly in the end. Benteke had a super, super chance to level the score. At places like this you have to take them. We didn't and they got a second.”
Related Coverage Officials report 52 flu-related deaths in Connecticut
WATERBURY, Conn. (WTNH)–When Cecilia Forget came down with the flu last week, their daughter Jennifer says the 62-year-old was healthy and in good shape.
“She was tired, they felt a little dizzy, they just wanted to lay down, so I made their tea and soup, just like anyone else when they have a cold,” Jennifer said. “I never would've thought…”
Related: Officials report 52 flu-related deaths in Connecticut
Then at 3:30 in the middle of the morning on Friday, their mother called out for help, gasping for air. The family called 9-1-1 for an ambulance.
“On the way to the hospital they pulled right over down the street, and I saw them give them CPR and my heart stopped,” Jennifer said. “I knew something wasn't right.”
They died before they could reach the hospital. Brother Joseph Forget says the family is telling their story tonight in hopes people will take the flu more seriously, and seek help especially if the symptoms get bad enough.
Related: Keeping up with demand for flu vaccine and test
“As healthy as they were to go to dead in the blink of an eye, is ridiculous,” they said.
The CDC in Atlanta puts out nationwide flu rankings. One is the minimal amount, 10 is the highest, and Connecticut is a 9 out of 10. At the department of public health today, commissioner Dr. Raul Pino of the Department of Public Health had a news conference echoing that, saying it's one of the worst flu seasons in recent memory.
“Physicians are reporting that patients, the disease advances rapidly and people get very ill very quickly,” Pino said.
The Department of Public Health says there were 21 deaths last week, that is double the number from the week before. The family has set up a GoFundMe page for those who would like to donate.
Catch up on yesterday's top stories and find out the weather and school closures for today, Tuesday, December 12.
School closures will be updated as more information come in so keep refreshing this page.
5 WWE gimmicks that Impact Wrestling (TNA) copied
Impact Wrestling/TNA just couldn't stop themselves from copying these WWE gimmicks!
@desibrah by Dushyant Dubey Top 5 / Top 10 14 Jun 2017, 19:08 IST
One of the many times TNA copied the WWE
Impact Wrestling, better, and formerly known as Total Nonstop Action (TNA) is a promotion that has struggled to find an identity of its own ever since its inception in 2002. Founded by Jeff and Jerry Jarrett as an “alternative” to the professional wrestling juggernaut promotion WWE, Impact has often been accused of copying the WWE.
To give credit where it's due, however, the promotion has come up with many amazing angles over the years on their own and have built a lot of stars including the likes of Samoa Joe and AJ Styles.
However, despite all the good work that they've done, Impact Wrestling certainly cannot distance itself too much from the reality that has been its' past. From stolen gimmicks to blatant mock gimmicks, to the WCW-lite version that Hogan and Bischoff created out of it, Impact have certainly been guilty of copying a bit too much at times.
So today, we're going to take a look at five WWE gimmicks that Impact Wrestling copied. Let's begin with one that was more of a parody than anything else!
#1 Stone Cold Shark Boy
Stone Cold Shark Boy was Shark Boy's “tribute” to Stone Cold Steve Austin. In the storyline leading up to the gimmick, Shark Boy had just woken up from a coma and ended up talking like Stone Cold. In the following weeks, Shark Boy would emulate Stone Cold's promos and would also drink “Clam Juice” in the same vein as Stone Cold drinking beer.
“Stone Cold” Shark Boy was not a ripoff, but a parody/tribute to Stone Cold Steve Austin, although the gimmick went on far longer than any actual parody should really have.
Also read: 10 similar wrestling gimmicks
However, during a Reddit AMA, Shark Boy stated that they wouldn't have gone on with the gimmick if it wasn't fine with Stone Cold for them to do so. As per Shark Boy, Stone Cold “really enjoyed” the gimmick and sent word to them via Kevin Nash, wishing them luck.
Let's now move on to one of the more actual ripoffs, with TNA copying one of WWE's age-old storylines.
The Kardashian-Jenners have never failed to leave us in awe; and while big sister Kim Kardashian West rules the roost (for now), Kylie Jenner is emerging as a strong contender for the Instagram throne.
Kylie has modelled for several international brands and created one of their own, fuelled by their famous pout – all before they turned 20 last week. That's right, while you were still trying to talk to girls without stammering after two decades of existing, Kylie's cosmetic line was routinely selling out as soon as a new product dropped; and if you've scrolled through their Instagram, you know that she's the only one who can push their makeup brand on the photo-sharing platform and still keep their male fans glued to the screen.
Here are some seriously #NSFW images of Kylie Jenner to get rid of that mid-day drowsiness.
1 /22 Images: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner Image: Instagram/ @kyliejenner
STAY CONNECTED WITH US GQ India
NOW READ
Kylie Jenner NSFW 2017 calendar photos leaked online
Check out these hot photos of Kim Kardashian, Kylie Jenner and more
Stunning homes of the world's hottest women
Globally, Coca-Cola reported a 16% decline in revenue to $7.63 billion for the quarter ended 31 March because of divestment of its bottling operations. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: American beverage maker Coca-Cola Co. on Tuesday said its growth in India and China outpaced more developed markets, including Japan and Australia, during the quarter ended 31 March 2018.
During the quarter, Coca-Cola posted a 5% growth in unit-case volume in the Asia pacific region. This, according to the company's global result statement, was driven by “strong performance in China and India”, partially offset by a low single-digit decline in Southeast Asia.
“Operating income growth outpaced revenue growth for the quarter, largely driven by favourable product mix as sparkling soft drinks grew volume double digits in China and India,” Coca-Cola said.
The maker of Coca-Cola and Sprite aerated drinks and Minute Maid fruit beverage also said its bottling division has reported a 2% growth for the quarter ended 31 March “largely driven by strong performance in India”.
Globally, Coca-Cola reported a 16% decline in revenue to $7.63 billion for the quarter ended 31 March because of divestment of its bottling operations. Its net profit rose 16% to $1.37 billion for the quarter under review. The company said its revenue topped by about $300 million due to increasing demand of Coke Zero Sugar and new flavours of Diet Coke.
Coca-Cola India, the local entity of the American beverage maker, had said on 22 February that the company's revenue grew at “strong double digit” during the previous quarter ended 31 December 2017 backed by “strong single digit” volume growth. The company has also claimed that the Indian unit grew at a double digit rate in the July-September 2017 quarter. Its volume growth was at 6% during that quarter, Coca-Cola global president and CEO James Quincey had said in an investor call in October 2017.
ST. PAUL, Minn. — Jeff Carter scored their second goal of the game with 33.8 seconds left on the clock in overtime and the Los Angeles Kings recovered after giving up a two-goal lead to beat the Minnesota Wild 4-3 on Monday night.
Tanner Pearson and Dustin Brown also scored for Los Angeles, which has alternated wins and losses over its past nine games. The Kings pulled into a tie with Anaheim for third place in the Pacific Division with 86 points, and hold the tiebreaker over the Ducks.
Jonathan Quick made 24 saves for the Kings, who appeared headed to a second straight loss until Brown tipped home a point shot from Drew Doughty with 46.5 seconds left in regulation. Doughty finished with three assists.
Joel Eriksson Ek scored for the first time in 13 games with 2:31 left to give Minnesota the lead after trailing 2-0.
Eric Staal added their 39th and Zach Parise had their second goal in three games for the Wild. Devan Dubnyk stopped 26 shots for Minnesota, which is in third in the Central Division, four points ahead of Colorado.
Pearson opened the scoring before the end of the first period with their 15 goal of the year after Dustin Brown's quick no-look pass back to Pearson for a quick one-timer with 1:13 left in the period.
Los Angeles added a power-play goal in the second by Jeff Carter. Jake Muzzin's shot from the point deflected off Minnesota's Mikko Koivu, slowing the puck down and bouncing to Carter, who had an open net to the right of Dubnyk.
Carter has seven goals and two assists in 12 games since returning from surgery to repair a tendon in their ankle.
The two-goal deficit ignited the Wild, who pressured and scored their first goal about six minutes later as Parise brought the puck in the zone and skated across the front and snapping a wrist shot past Quick.
Minnesota added its own late-period goal to end the second when Staal scored their 13th goal in the past 14 games. Ryan Suter sent Staal into the zone on a long pass and Staal's quick shot flew past Quick's right shoulder with 56 seconds left.
North Korea is flouting UN sanctions by exporting coal, iron, steel and other commodities banned under UN sanctions, earning nearly $200 million in revenue last year, a UN report said Friday.
A UN panel of experts also found evidence of North Korea`s ongoing military cooperation with Syria to develop its ballistic missile and chemical weapons programs, and with Myanmar.
North Korea "continued to export almost all the commodities prohibited in the resolutions, generating nearly $200 million in revenue between January and September 2017," said the report by the experts seen by AFP.
Coal shipments were delivered to China, Malaysia, South Korea, Russia and Vietnam by ship using "a combination of multiple evasion techniques, routes and deceptive tactics," said the report.
The Security Council last year adopted a series of resolutions to tighten and expand exports bans aimed at cutting off revenue to North Korea`s military programs.
The United States led the push for tough economic sanctions against North Korea after its sixth nuclear test and a series of ballistic missile launches that indicated the US mainland could soon be within reach of a nuclear strike by Pyongyang.
The panel found that North Korea "is already flouting the most recent resolutions by exploiting global oil supply chains, complicit foreign nationals, offshore company registries, and the international banking system."
Seven ships have been barred from ports worldwide for violating UN sanctions with coal and petroleum transfers, but the experts said much more must be done to confront "these rampant illicit activities."
While sanctions have been significantly broadened, this "expansion of the regime is yet to be matched by the requisite political will" to implement the measures, the experts said.
North Korean diplomats, in particular trade representatives, continue to provide logistical support for arms sales and help organize exchanges for military technicians, it said.
Most people know I've been coaching youth and high school sports for most of my life.
But what they don't know is my favorite part of the game, any game, is the national anthem. That is because, when I hear or sing The Star Spangled Banner at the beginning of any event — Little League, high school, college, or pro — it never fails to bring tears to my eyes.
And it really isn't the music anymore or even the words, although they truly are breathtaking. Rather, it's the overwhelming love of my country that is stirred and released from within each time I hear it.
It is the deep pride I have in being an American, and it has been that way ever since I was a kid. Because I knew then — and still know now — that I live in the greatest country on earth, and there isn't a day that goes by I'm not grateful for that fact.
Perhaps much in the same way my great grandparents realized their American dream by coming here by boat in the 1860s from Ukraine and from Germany. So blessed are we to live in a country of immigrants who came to this great land seeking the dream of freedom, equality and prosperity.
Perhaps much in the same way so many immigrants are still drawn to our shores today, especially here in Miami, where we are witnessing firsthand how this country is truly improving through diversity. Few places in the world have as many nationalities that get along and contribute to as beautiful a collaborative culture as South Florida's.
So many people from so many lands, their dreams so strong they cannot be denied. They put everything on the line to come to America to pursue life on their terms, to pursue happiness, to express themselves freely, and even to disagree — sometimes with a loud voice.
I remember the moment years ago when my youthful pride turned into a deeper, more appreciative and understanding patriotism. It was 1970; I was in seventh grade. My classmates and I were supposed to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. And one morning, a student refused to stand up. I don't know why they didn't stand, but I remember the teacher yelling at him, condemning their disrespect and demanding they rise.
“He has a right not to stand,” I said. “This is a free country.”
I got in trouble; I was sent to the principal's office and the other student didn't, but it was worth it.
We each stand up in different ways, and we should never stop standing up for our right to do so.
Take Colin Kaepernick, for example. I'm no fan of what they did. I think overtly showing disrespect for our country is counterproductive, but I'd never deny them their right to express himself. What makes our country great is the powerful conviction we share that every person has an inalienable right to free and open expression.
I keep a quote on my desk. Anyone who's ever been in my office might have seen it:
First they came for the Socialists,
and I did not speak out —
Because I was not a Socialist.
Then they came for the Trade Unionists, and I did not speak out —
Because I was not a Trade Unionist.
Then they came for the Jews,
and I did not speak out —
Because I was not a Jew.
Then they came for me — and there
was no one left to speak for me.
— Reverend Martin Niemöller
Right now, they're coming for immigrants who came to this country seeking the same rights that evoke such an emotional response from so many of us. This is the land of the free, but for it to remain free we must stand up for the rights of others. If we don't, there may come a day when they come after us, and no one will be left to defend us.
We must never take for granted how unique we are as a community, as a people, and as a country. And we must never lose sight of what keeps us united, indivisible, with liberty and justice — for all.
We must never forget the power of speech, in any form, as a means through which to support the foundation of our national union.
And we must never forget to stand up, in our own ways, to preserve what makes America great.
And never stop pursuing our own American dream, together.
Connect To Your Customers & Grow Your Business Click Here
OTTAWA — The man on trial for murdering three women in the Ottawa Valley two years ago told police they killed their three former acquaintances because they were not innocent.
Fifty-nine-year-old Basil Borutski confessed to police in an interview room at the Pembroke OPP detachment the day after the crimes in September 2015.
The video of that confession continued to be played in court Friday as part of Borutski's trial for first degree murder charges in the deaths of 66-year-old Carol Culleton, 36-year-old Anastasia Kuzyk and 48-year-old Nathalie Warmerdam.
Borutski said several times they make a distinction between murder and killing because the Bible does and that murder is killing someone or something that is innocent.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A distraught mother is searching for their 12-year-old daughter after they accidentally let go of their hand while trying to escape down the pitch black stairwell as flames engulfed Grenfell Tower.
Close friends of the mother, who did not wish to be identified, said they lost their young daughter while trying to escape from their flat on the 24th floor, and has not been able to find them since.
The mother's best friend said: "She is okay but we cannot find their 12-year-old daughter, we have called every helpline but they just take our number.
"Still searching, haven't been told what caused the fire.
"There's only one entrance and one exit and it was absolute panic.
"We're all so worried."
(Photo: SWNS.com)
They added: "She lives on the 24th floor and at the beginning when the fire was not that big they came to the staircase and were told to go back up and wait for assistance by firefighters.
"They told them to put a wet towel under the door and over their face.
"I was on the phone to the police and they were saying the same.
"It got to the point when the whole building was on fire and windows started smashing that they decided to run.
(Photo: PA)
"When they were going down the stairs there were people dead or collapsed.
"It was pitch black, there was so much black smoke and they fell.
"They let go of each other.
"She made it out, but we don't know where their daughter is.
"She is distraught they just wants their child back."
The mother's family and friends have been crossing across London to different hospitals to try and find the girl.
(Photo: Yui Mok/PA Wire)
Police have confirmed that at least 12 people are dead with 68 injured - including 18 critically - following the blaze which broke out in the early hours of this morning. The death toll is expected to rise.
Desperate relatives have launched appeals to find missing residents believed to have been trapped inside the block of flats.
Children and pensioners are among those unaccounted for after the 24-storey block .
Families of the following have posted appeals for their whereabouts on social media.
Mohamednur 'Mo' Tuccu
(Photo: Twitter)
The 44-year-old security guard had finished work around 10pm, before heading to Grenfell Tower to break the Ramadan fast with their wife Amalahmedin and 3-year-old daughter Mayah.
They lived on the 19th floor of the building. A neighbour said they knocked on the family's door to alert them of the danger as they left the building.
Mo texted their cousin at around 9pm, but has heard nothing further from Mr Tuccu.
The company they work for, Red Consultancy, tweeted an appeal to find the 44-year-old.
Maria Del Pilar Burton
Maria Del Pilar Burton, 65, and their husband Nicholas were caught in this morning's blazing fire.
Nicholas woke in hospital earlier today not knowing where their wife was and has appealed for help to trace them
Simon, a resident who helped the pensioner outside the burning building, said: "We were helping downstairs in the building to get people out.
"Nicholas does not know where Maria is and they have Alzheimer's, but we know they got out. He's desperate to find her."
Jessica Urbano
(Photo: SWNS.com)
The family of 12-year-old Jessica have not seen them since the fire broke out.
Jessica, who lives on the 20th floor, phoned their mum from a fire escape at 1.39am but has not been heard from since.
Them auntie, Sandra Ruiz, said their family a 'desperately worried'.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
They said: "She was with a group of people in the fire escape, in the fire stairs, they live on the 20th floor and my sister-in-law was just coming back from work, as was my older niece.
"Jessica called them to say this has happened and they were only a few minutes away.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
"That's the last they've heard of them
"She will be 13 next month so we're desperately worried.
What caused the London tower block fire? Devastated resident reveals how faulty fridge could have started enormous blaze
"She would have been in their bed clothes and they will be very, very, very scared.
"We're just desperate to find her."
Mariem Elgwahry and their mum Eslah Elgwahry
(Photo: Twitter)
Mariem, 27, and their mum Eslah, 64, are among those feared dead as they tried to escape their 19th floor flat.
According to a friend, they were last heard from at 2.20am, when they called another friend to say flames were engulfing the tower block.
Them best friend, who asked not to be named, said: "We have literally no idea where Mariem is at the moment.
(Photo: EPA)
"The last thing we heard was that they were still in the building at 2am.
"We haven't heard anything since.
"We are going around the hospitals but nobody has any idea so far. We have to wait."
Khadija Saye and their mum Mary Mendy
(Photo: DavidLammy/Twitter)
Tottenham MP David Lammy is among those to share an appeal for artist Khadija Saye who lives in the block along with their mum Mary Mendy.
The 24-year-old is a “dear friend” of Mr Lammy.
On Twitter, Mr Lammy said: "If you have any information about Khadija Saye please contact me.  They are our dear friend, a beautiful soul and emerging artist."
Mr Lammy's wife, Nicola Green continued: “Looking for our dear friend Khadija Saye who lives on the 20th floor of Grenfell Tower on fire this morning – they always wear this African necklace.”
Ms Green said Khadija was last heard from at 3am when they sent messages from their flat, as their phone was not working.
"She was on Facebook saying they were unable to get out of the flat, that the smoke was so thick," Ms Green said.
"She was saying they just can't get out and 'Please pray for me. There's a fire in my council block. I can't leave the flat. Please pray for me and my mum."
Saber Neda
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Saber who lived in a top-floor flat, is feared dead after the fire ripped through the 24-storey building as their wife Shakila, 45, and son Farhad, 24.
Their nephew Reshad Habib, who lives in the Netherlands, said: "We are all trying to find him.
"He was last heard from at 3.30am when they told their wife and son to leave him. They said that they had to get out.
"He said they should go and they would follow.
(Photo: PA)
"We all don't know the exact reason why they waited behind, but we think they were injured or something.
"They were both taken to hospital. We don't know how they are."
Ali Yawar Jafari
(Photo: hamidalijafari/Twitter)
Hamid Ali Jafari said their elderly father Ali had yet to be seen since they were trapped in a lift on the 10th floor of the block.
Mr Jafari, 82, was inside a lift with their family when they exited on the tenth floor because they were struggling to breathe.
They have not been seen since and cannot be found at any hospital.
Their son Hamid Jafari said: "He was with my mother and sister in the lift.
"She said the lift stopped on the tenth floor and they said there was too much smoke and they couldn't breathe and they got out of the lift and then the doors shut and it didn't stop again till the ground floor."
Ali's daughter added: "My father is missing, I came down with my mother."
(Photo: John Nguyen/JNVisuals)
Fouzia Wahabi, their husband Aziz, and their three children Nurhouda, Yassin and Mehdi
Ahmed Chellat said their sister Fouzia Wahabi, brother-in-law Aziz, and their three children Nurhouda, Yassin and Mehdi are unaccounted for.
They said: "Aziz's sister on the ninth floor was evacuated and they told firefighters that the family were on the 21st floor.
"Aziz was talking to the firefighters and they were saying to stay inside and put wet towels under the doors.
(Photo: @VictoriaLIVE/Twitter, BBC)
"I last spoke to Fouzia at about 2am and they were very calm and saying that the smoke was coming into their flat.
"She was not panicking at all.
"Today we have been around all the hospitals but have found nothing."
(Photo: Barcroft Media)
"The last thing we heard was that they were still in the building at 2am.
"We haven't heard anything since.
"We are going around the hospitals but nobody has any idea so far. We have to wait."
Desperate mum 'threw baby from 10th floor flat to crowd of people below before it was caught by man'
(Photo: EPA)
Another woman, named Suha, told LBC, they are waiting for news on their elderly relative who lives in the 20th floor of the building.
They said: "I have been here since it started trying to find out whether they are out or not.  They are elderly and has a heart condition.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"I have been trying to call her.. their phone is switched off. The police say there is no information to give."
(Photo: EPA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Photo: AFP)
Mum-of-six escaped 21st floor flat in Grenfell Tower fire with all their children but 'only had four kids at bottom of stairs'
Witnesses reported terrifying scenes as people jumped from their windows or climbed down knotted bedsheets in a desperate bid to escape.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
Ms Cotton said the first emergency call came in at 12:54am and the first crew was on scene, in Latimer Road, north Kensington, in less than six minutes.
Terrified victims of Grenfell Tower fire have been left homeless – here's how you can help
Hundreds of emergency services personnel, including more than 200 firefighters, responded to the inferno.
Theresa May said on Wednesday they were devastated by the fire.
A Downing Street spokesperson said: "The prime minister is deeply saddened by the tragic loss of life in the Grenfell Tower and is being kept constantly updated on the situation."
Police have set up an emergency number for the Grenfell Tower Fire with relatives advised to call 0800 0961 233.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Eric's Outboard Marine Service has opened a mobile service center and Contender Boats showroom at Black Point Marina, whose waterside location makes sea trials and service easier than ever for customers.
Founded by Eric Raistrick in 1986, Eric's Outboard is among the top Yamaha dealerships and service centers in the country. Its headquarters in South Dade is also home to Eric's Contender Boat Sales, dealer of high-end custom-made fishing vessels manufactured in South Florida.
The expansion at Black Point, Raistrick said, marks a significant step forward in customer care, convenience and great service for their company.
“To have a place out on the water is a huge thing to be able to offer,” they said. “We've always catered to clients whose boats are hard to get to the shop—we've provided trailers, trucks and a location to take the boats. We can still do that, but now we can offer this new option to the residents of Gables Estates, Gables by the Sea, Cocoplum and many other neighborhoods at this accessible waterfront facility.”
Eric's secured a long-term lease at Black Point's barn, with boat racks and a lift system that has been upgraded to accommodate the larger boats the company is known for servicing and selling.
Customers who need service need only make an appointment, bring their boat to the dock and let Eric's do the rest. And for the duration of their service clients pay no daily storage fee, says Eric's Outboard Chief of Operations Kelly Fullerton.
“The marina's waiting for them,” Fullerton said. “They can just drop off their keys and say, ‘I'm with Eric's.'”
Prospective boat buyers can also arrange to take Contender boats out on the water for sea trials, whether for purchasing a used boat or to develop ideas to custom build a new boat to their own specifications.
Contender Boats is a Homestead-based builder of custom tournament fishing boats. Customers have a say in nearly every aspect of construction; with Contender, you truly can build your dream boat.
“Customers love it,” Raistrick said. “Who wouldn't like being able to pick the color, size, T-top, type of seats and leaning posts? The reactions I've gotten are great.”
A Yamaha Five Star Dealer and Authorized Service Center, Eric's Outboard has the largest on-hand inventory of Yamaha parts and accessories in South Florida.
Eric's offers a full range of services, from minor tune-ups to major overhauls, all of which can be done on premises or on location by mobile technicians. All technicians—including two Yamaha certified master technicians, of which there are only a handful in the country—receive ongoing training at Yamaha Marine University.
“We'll go to your house, to your dock or to marinas all over Miami-Dade [County], the Keys and Fort Lauderdale,” Fullerton said. “Our customers are No. 1, and that's how we built our business: by treating them like family.”
For information or to book an appointment, visit EricsOutboard.com or call 305-251-4067.
BETTING exchange operator Betfair has expanded its Darwin office spending $1 million on its fit-out and increased its staffing numbers.
Betfair moved to Darwin in late 2016 initially creating a dozen jobs. It has now expanded to 23 with more to come.
Chief executive Tim Moore-Barton said the peer to peer betting exchange strives to be an employer of choice.
“We used 16 local Darwin contractors to deliver the project over a four month time frame, which has seen one of Darwin's most impressive work spaces emerge,” they said.
“We currently employ 23 staff in the Top End which is a quarter of our total workforce, and are actively recruiting locally for future growth.
“The injection of these additional workers into the CBD will not only provide staff with an accessible and improved working environment, it will also benefit future recruitment for the business.
“We've worked hard to become part of the Territory. We sponsor the Michael Long Learning Centre to help the development of indigenous footballers. We also just recently had three Charles Darwin University students spend time in Melbourne with our data science teams so they get to put into practice what they are studying.”
Betfair was located at the Fannie Bay Race Course, also sponsoring the Darwin Turf Club, before the move.
The new office has standing desks, a modern kitchen and lounge and an escape area for staff.
The office operates 24 hours seven days a week.
A betting exchange has punters set their own odds and bet against each other instead of against bookmakers. Profits are made by charging a small commission on the winning bet.
Mr Moore-Barton said Betfair was all about educating its customers and established a hub on its website where it shares statistical information.
“With an exchange customers are not competing against a bookmaker and we do not take on risk, so we are all about increasing the “Wagering IQ” of our punters,” they said.
The move from Tasmania, has required several senior staff and their families to relocate North.
Just last week I spoke with a few members of the Ash vs Evil Dead cast at Walker Stalker Con Philadelphia about the release of the new season. Dana DeLorenzo (Kelly) and Ray Santiago (Pablo) were both confident that a release date would be announced ahead of their New York Comic Con panel, and they were right. Starz has officially announced that Ash vs Evil Dead returns for its upcoming third season on February 25th, and evil is about to get schooled.
The man. The myth. The hell? Go back to school with #AshvsEvilDead, premiering 2/25 on @STARZ. pic.twitter.com/dooBBbifV6 — Ash vs Evil Dead (@AshvsEvilDead) October 5, 2017
Late last season we saw our favorite anti-hero, Ash Williams (#BruceCampbell), travel back in time to stop their younger self from finding the Necronomicon at the infamous cabin. As always, things didn't go exactly as planned. Ash, Kelly, and Ruby (Lucy Lawless) were attacked by the Kandarian Demon and some possessed trees. By the end of second season, Ash finally got their showdown with Baal and sending them back to the dead. Present day Ruby was killed, but an alternate Ruby is back and already wreaking havoc.
Now the Ghost Beaters find themselves back in Elk Grove, Michigan for their next adventure. Trusty sidekicks Pablo and Kelly, led by chainsaw-wielding Ash, will once again be slaying Deadites and saving the world from evil. Along with the hint of a school-based setting, #Starz released an official synopsis ahead of the third season:
“The third season finds Ash's status in Elk Grove, Michigan has changed from murderous urban legend to humanity-saving hometown hero. When Kelly witnesses a televised massacre with Ruby's fingerprints all over it, they return with a new friend to warn Ash and Pablo that evil isn't done with them yet. Blood is thicker than water in the battle of good vs Evil Dead!”
Ash vs Evil Dead Season 3 continues as the sequel to the beloved Evil Dead trilogy with Bruce Campbell reprising their role of Ash Williams. The series is helmed by series filmmakers Sam Raimi and Rob Tapert, who serve as executive producers alongside Campbell, Ivan Raimi, and Rick Jacobson. The half-hour comedy is revered for its insane amount of gore, wild storylines, and callbacks to the original #horror trilogy.
Earlier this year it was revealed that Ash will discover their long lost daughter Brandy Barr (Arielle Carver-O'Neill), so expect that to play heavily into this season's narrative. Could they possibly be Kelly's new friend? Time will tell, but it is certainly exciting to hear news regarding the gore-filled comedy since Starz remained silent for so long. Fans were starting to get worried, considering the series' usual October release has been growing near without any indication of a premiere date. Here's hoping fans also get a trailer during the #NYCC2017 panel.
Ash vs Evil Dead returns to Starz on February 25, 2018!
Are you excited about the return of Ash vs Evil Dead? Tell us in the comments below!
(Source: Bloody Disgusting)
A 22-year-old Deckerville man was charged with child abuse for allegedly abusing an 11-month-old.
The incident happened on Jan. 31 in the Peck area, the Sanilac County Sheriff's Office said.
Derek Paehlig has been arrested in connection to the case. They were arraigned on Feb. 2 for first-degree child abuse and second-degree child abuse.
They remain in the Sanilac County Jail on a $500,000 bond.
A preliminary examination is scheduled for Feb. 20.
Copyright 2018 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
New Evacuations As California Fires Continue
California fires are spreading to the coast, threatening the suburbs of Santa Barbara. We have the latest on the high-speed winds that are fanning the flames.
(SOUNDBITE OF HELICOPTERS FLYING)
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
OK. We're listening to helicopters passing over Southern California wildfires, like the Thomas Fire, as it's called, which is now the fifth largest in California history. It has burned some 360 square miles. If you can imagine the five boroughs of New York City - well, 360 square miles is even more than that. Tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties. And the fire has been heading down toward the beach towns, including the one where we found NPR's Eric Westervelt.
Hi, Eric.
ERIC WESTERVELT, BYLINE: Good morning, Steve.
INSKEEP: Where are you? What are you seeing?
WESTERVELT: I'm just outside Carpinteria, and there's really this astonishing sight. The entire mountainside just outside the city is on fire. So if you drive along Highway 101 between Santa Barbara and Ventura, you're going to see mile after mile of a raging fire in the hills just west of this small, coastal area. So last night, I was standing along Highway 192 in the city in a residential area with folks who hadn't evacuated. It's - their area was under a voluntary evacuation. And you know, everyone was watching these orange and red flames shoot into the sky with the smoke. And dry, windy conditions are going to continue. There's lots of built-up fuel, and that's a big worry for firefighters who lost ground, Steve, to this massive Thomas Fire over the weekend.
INSKEEP: You know, Eric, I'm just thinking, if I'm standing in a neighborhood and I saw a tornado, I'd feel an urge to take shelter. If I saw a wave coming my way, I'd feel an urge to flee. What are people doing when they look up on the hillsides and see them on fire right within sight of them?
WESTERVELT: Well, it was deeply unnerving. I talked to folks. I talked to one guy, and they were standing there. They were wearing a mask. Ash was falling around him. They had their car packed up, ready to go if they needed to. And they told me - you know, I know it's just stuffed, but it's all I have. And I've worked hard for it.
And they were just sort of shaking their head. They hadn't seen, you know, a fire like this. And you know, the worry is that, of course, this could push down into the city. And firefighters are really playing defense. They've positioned these mobile, fast-reaction teams, you know, across the city. But they're kind of just playing whack-a-mole with big flare-ups. They're not able to go on the offensive and aggressively attack the fire yet, at least in this spot.
INSKEEP: Just because that's the reality of this moment - there's all that fuel out there and all that dry land, and it's going to burn?
WESTERVELT: Exactly. You've got the conditions for this fire to spread - lots of fuel. Some areas where it's burning right now, there haven't been fires in 70 to a hundred years.
INSKEEP: So you wonder what causes a fire like this. I know you and I have been talking, and we've heard that there is no known cause. We do know that commonly these kinds of fires are either caused by people who set a fire, make a mistake, whatever, or arson or caused by lightning. I mean, they're common causes. But then the question is how far the fire spreads. What are California authorities and residents thinking as they've seen so many of these fires spread so far so fast?
WESTERVELT: Yeah, I think these fires - you had the Napa Sonoma Fires in October and now these big fires in December - it's, you know, unusual to have this big a fire this late in the year. It's very unusual. And, you know, touring the devastation this weekend, California's governor, Jerry Brown, you know, called year-round wildfires fed by climate change and drought the new normal for California. And they sort of was prepping Californians as to say be ready; this is the new reality.
INSKEEP: So what does that mean on a daily basis for Californians?
WESTERVELT: Well, it's unclear. I mean, the people here I've talked to are scared. You know, these strong Santa Ana winds can come up fast and move fire fast. And even folks who aren't in, you know, mandatory evacuation areas are getting ready to try to leave at a moment's notice as this fire continues to rage uncontrolled in many areas.
INSKEEP: NPR's Eric Westervelt reporting from the new normal in Southern California. Eric, thanks very much.
WESTERVELT: Thanks, Steve.
(SOUNDBITE OF BAULTA'S "TAKE US TO THE FANTASY, DERRICK")
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS (KPLR) – Fox 2 news has learned St. Louis city police are investigating some of their own.
We asked the department today for information on an alleged prostitution ring being run by department officers.
The police department responded with the following statement:
"The department is aware of the allegations and has initiated an investigation. It is early in that investigation and the department is unable to comment on the veracity of the accusations. Illegal or unethical behavior by anyone sworn to protect and serve our community will not be tolerated. The investigation will include both criminal and internal reviews. The investigation is ongoing."
Sources indicate that the investigation is preliminary, and would not call this a "prostitution" probe.
But we've learned that police are looking at a leased apartment in the city and its alleged use by some officers.
Our sources have indicated it's unclear who leased the apartment, and what it was used for.
Fox 2 News pressed St. louis police for more information, but police would not release anything else.
Police would not comment on how many officers are possibly involved.
But again, tonight we have confirmed a St Louis police internal investigation into the matter.
Good afternoon and welcome to The Point! Click here to subscribe if someone sent this to you.
By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy .
The white smoke had just wafted up from the subway grates when the cavalry came in. “Within two minutes, there were cops all over the place,” says Ralph Ledesma, just starting their work day as manager of Gourmet New York Marketplace on 43rd Street.
The alleged terror attacker near the Port Authority Bus Terminal might have picked the most heavily policed part of New York City.
Talking Point
Kicking and skating around Belmont ideas
The competition to build on the state land at Belmont Park is not only a head-to-head between hockey and soccer.
And it's not only between the New York Mets, who are working with the New York Islanders, and the New York Yankees, who are working with the NYCFC soccer team.
It's also a battle between two well-respected real estate juggernauts with deep roots in New York State development — and politics.
That became more clear Sunday, when the two bidders angling to develop Belmont presented their plans at a listening session in Elmont.
At the center of the Islanders' effort to build a new hockey arena stood Richard Browne, the senior vice president of Sterling Project Development. For the NYCFC proposal to build a new soccer stadium, it was Avi Kollenscher, the senior vice president for The Related Companies.
Sterling, the real estate arm of the company that owns the New York Mets, developed Citi Field and is trying to develop the land surrounding the stadium at Willets Point. Related is developing Hudson Yards on Manhattan's West Side, and working on the renovation of Penn Station. Both firms have worked closely with Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, both are intricately familiar with big development projects, and top executives from both firms have contributed to Cuomo's 2018 campaign.
So, can we call it even?
Randi F. Marshall
A bi-partisan effort is underway in Washington to help strengthen the economy through a stronger Renewable Fuel Standard.
DFL Senator Senator Amy Klobuchar and Republican Senator Chuck Grassley are calling on the Trump Administration to support a strong renewable fuel standard for 2018. They are calling on this as the Environmental Protection Agency finalizes their bio-fuel requirements for 2018.
Although President Trump has said they favor bio-fuels, the EPA is proposing a plan that would result in fewer bio-fuels than last year. This has farmers worried.
To combat this, Klobuchar and Grassley are leading a group of 38 senators calling for more bio-fuel blends in 2018.
In a letter to EPA Administrator Scott Pruit, the senators said that the standard should promote growth in the U.S. bio-fuel sector and in the economy. They are urging them to uphold President Trump's promises.
They also said this is good for both the national and rural economy.
Three Major Deals Point To A Maturing, And Global, Music Startup Landscape
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bloomberg via Getty Images Bloomberg via Getty Images
Three deals of acquisitions and investments that were rumored over the past week, and that are all now confirmed, have something in common — none of them involve companies owned by major record labels. All involve technology companies or insurrectionists to entrenched industry leaders. One noted below, Tencent, holds such power in its home country that all three major labels agreed to let it broker their deals in that country. Another, Spotify, has for better and worse come to define the modern era of music listening, helping establish new habits for music fans that have led to a strong new revenue stream for the classic music business (but not yet for Spotify itself).
All point to a music industry both in repair and reconfiguration.
SONGS And Kobalt
SONGS, a successful and scrappy independent music publishing company founded in 2004 by a former hardcore guitarist and Columbia business grad, has been acquired by another outsider-led firm, Kobalt Capital, the acquisition division of Kobalt Music Group. The price tag for SONGS wasn't disclosed, but is reported to be around $160 million.
Matt Pincus, the founder and CEO of SONGS, approached the music publishing business — the administration and exploitation of song compositions and the songwriters behind them, not recorded pieces of music — with a grassroots approach, preferring initially to signing promising artists to extensive contracts over acquiring song catalogs of known quality and revenue. The firm attracted little attention for its first several years from the established music business — no articles in the trade publication Billboard, and only a wedding notice in The New York Times. Several high-profile deals struck in the midst of heavy competition — foremost those involving Lorde, The Weeknd and Diplo, all brokered by founding A&R member and now-departing president Ron Perry, who will soon lead Columbia Records — put the company on the map around 2013.
"That the result of our work is a catalog we created writer by writer and song by song, representing a decade of popular music in all formats — including many of tomorrow's evergreens — is a testament to our approach," Pincus says, in a release on the news. Not long after, it began working with the estate of George Gershwin. (It still maintains its ground-up approach, recently signing the maligned SoundCloud rapper XXXTentacion to a global deal.)
The buyer of SONGS, Kobalt, is another (relatively) new music company emblematic of fundamental shifts and new approaches within an industry long dominated by an entrenched executive class. Its Swedish founder, Willard Ahdritz, founded the company in 2000 intending to take a strict, technological approach to the song business. The company eventually debuted a tool which allows artists, regardless of their stature, to track listening of their work worldwide — to show who is playing which song, where, in real time across 900,000 possible sources of income. It was the first to offer such granular tracking information to anyone willing to pay. (Record labels, other music publishers and label services companies all have similar tools available to their rosters, but those tools' availability and granularity vary.) Along the way to establishing their company, which has seen revenues increase while still operating at a loss, Ahdritz was often antagonistic towards their established competitors.
"It's important to remember that the [major labels] were structured to control distribution and marketing in the old world ruled by radio," they told Billboard two years ago. "Things have changed, and I expect the industry structure will change as well. It has to adapt in order to survive." As Moby, a client of the company, told The New York Times: "Kobalt is more like a tech company than a music company. As a result, no one ever told them to steal from their artists."
Apple Buys Identifier App Shazam
"I'm gonna Shazam it," is something you now hear often, usually right before someone you know starts holding a smartphone aloft, microphone skyward. Shazam's name has long held the coveted also-a-verb status, which it has earned by developing one of the most robust song-identifying technologies in the world. The company was founded in 2002 as a phone call-in service.
Now, in a deal confirmed today, Apple will own that experience. "We are thrilled that Shazam and its talented team will be joining Apple," the company wrote in a statement provided to NPR. "Apple Music and Shazam are a natural fit, sharing a passion for music discovery and delivering great music experiences to our users. We have exciting plans in store, and we look forward to combining with Shazam upon approval of today's agreement."
The sale, first reported by TechCrunch, is estimated to carry a price tag of $400 million, far less than the $1 billion it was estimated to be worth two years ago. After a shift to advertising, it claimed to have generated a profit for the first time.
Apple will likely use the company's technology to augment Apple Music, its music streaming service and the primary competitor to market leader Spotify. Even back when it was Beats Music, the platform was highly reliant on human curation, employing 100 people to create playlists for it. "Right now, there are only mathematical solutions," Beats co-founder Jimmy Iovine told a tech conference in 2013.
Spotify And Tencent
Meanwhile Spotify and Tencent, a leading Chinese media company which also brokers the major labels' fortunes in that country, announced a mutual investment late last week. While details weren't given, the deal was reportedly for 10 percent for each when the news was broken by The Wall Street Journal the week prior.
The partnership is unprecedented in the music streaming space, where more often than not — as was the case with Pandora's acquisition of Rdio — companies purchase each other wholesale. In the case of Spotify and Tencent, the latter could easily afford to purchase Spotify outright. This structure instead would ostensibly allow each to benefit from the other's specialties. Spotify is a market leader outside of China, while Tencent largely holds the keys to enter the country's digital music business.
3 Ways to improve the WWE Hall Of Fame
Here's what the WWE can do to improve their Hall of Fame.
Aaron H CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 13:15 IST 925 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The WWE can bring about few changes in their approach towards Hall of Fame
WWE's Hall of Fame has certainly lost its lustre in recent years, as it has now become the most tedious event over WrestleMania weekend. In fact, it might actually be the most tedious wrestling event of the entire year.
There are a ton of reasons why WWE's Hall of Fame has become such a snoozefest, but instead of focusing on all of them, I want to focus on the three biggest things that would help improve the event from a fan perspective, and from a legitimacy perspective, meaning no more undeserving inductees.
Only Sportskeeda gives you the latest Wrestling News, rumors and updates.
So, with that in mind, let's get started!
#3 Remove Quotas
(Image via WWE)
It's pretty well-known by now that WWE wants to hit quotas for their Hall of Fame induction ceremony, and unfortunately, the company policy for its HOF inductees has led to a few undeserving inductions.
To sum it up, every year WWE tries to have at least one female inductee, a celebrity inductee and a tag team which has allowed Beth Phoenix, Ivory, Koko B. Ware, The Bushwackers, and Tony Atlas to get into the Hall of Fame. Of course, it goes without saying that all of the asupervisorstioned acts don't really deserve to be in the HOF.
Removing quotas would hopefully ensure that people who didn't have great careers would be kept out of the Hall of Fame. Obviously, WWE won't take anyone out of the HOF, so the people who have already gotten in will stay in, but making this change would limit the number of undeserving inductees from year-to-year.
KITCHENER — You can find some bargains while helping seniors with dementia at a garage sale in Kitchener on Saturday.
The Sunnyside Auxiliary is holding its annual garage sale fundraiser at the Sunnyside Campus, 247 Franklin St. N., from 8:30 a.m. to noon.
Items up for grabs include books, household items, toys and more. People can also enter a draw to win a miniature Victorian house.
Proceeds will help fund opportunities for older adults living with memory loss to feel joy and purpose by doing things that are meaningful to them each and every day.
WINNIPEG — Police in Winnipeg say they were already considering a potential vehicle attack as they planned security for Jets fans looking to party downtown during the NHL playoffs.
Insp. Dave Dalal says attacks such as the one in Toronto on Monday are becoming more common, and Winnipeg police are prepared to keep fans at the so-called Whiteout street parties safe.
Police have said there were 36,000 people downtown when the Jets clinched a first-round victory against the Minnesota Wild.
Dalal, who is special events commander, says large trucks parked at the four street entrances to the party are there to keep crowds safe.
So is the increased police presence at the party site near the MTS Centre where the Jets play.
Dalal says police are ready for when the Jets take on the Nashville Predators in the second round of the playoffs.
"We've been mindful of this type of threat and that's why you've seen the large vehicles parked there," Dalal said Tuesday. "We've seen these threats worldwide. The reason that they're so prolific is that they're hard to prevent and they're easy to carry out.
"Our intent is to make sure that everybody who's down celebrating has a safe environment to do so. Part of that is ensuring there are no vehicles that will either deliberately or inadvertently get through."
There are also security measures in place to protect fans walking to the Whiteout parties, Dalal said, but they wouldn't comment on specific operational tactics.
"People will see street closures to prevent vehicles from accessing the area. You'll see officers at various points leading into the area as a visible presence," they said.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
KITCHENER — House sales in the Kitchener and Waterloo area slumped in January as the real estate market continues to face the challenge of low inventory.
Agents with the Kitchener-Waterloo Association of Realtors sold 233 homes last month, down from 270 in January a year ago.
The association said Friday that sales were fairly typical for a January. What is less typical, it said, is that the number of houses on the market is still at historic levels.
There continue to be multiple offers on properties, which is putting upward pressure on prices, it said.
There were 588 active listings at the end of January. While that is 56 per cent more than a year ago, it is still below the previous 10-year average of 1,507.
The average sale price last month increased nine per cent to $458,750 compared to a year earlier.
Detached homes sold for an average of $554,857, up 10.7 per cent from a year earlier. Condos sold for an average of $246,821, an increase of four per cent. The average sale price for townhouses was $371,095, up 14.5 per cent. Semi-detached homes sold for an average of $388,974, an increase of 9.7 per cent.
The median price of all residential properties sold last month increased 6.8 per cent to $431,143.
Homes took an average of 32 days to sell last month, up from 23 a year earlier.
The association said tougher eligibility rules for mortgages combined with higher interest rates have created hardship for some home buyers.
BRIEF-Skanska says sells buildings at university in Kalmar, Sweden
* Skanska divests three buildings at linnaeus university in kalmar, sweden, for about sek 1.1 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A few possessions later, they were helping protect the rim, getting their hand in to deny an alley-oop dunk attempt by Antetokounmpo.
They were also active on the offensive end, helping drive the ball into the interior of Milwaukee's defence, like when they tossed an alley-oop to Horford late in the third quarter .
TIP-INS
Bucks: F John Henson missed their third straight game with back soreness. ... Scored 15 points in first quarter. It was low for a quarter in the series, excluding the Game 1 overtime period (eight points).
Celtics: Finished with 18 turnovers. ... Outscored the Bucks 32-28 in the paint.
DROUGHT AND A RUN
The Celtics went without a field goal from Rozier's 3-pointer with 9:14 left in the third until Jaylen Brown hit from beyond the arc with 4:26 to go in the period.
Boston's only points during the shooting slump came on a pair of free throws by Tatum with 6:36 left.
It allowed Milwaukee to go on a 12-2 run, trimming Boston's lead to 58-52.
STILL BEEFING
Rozier and Eric Bledsoe got tangled up with 9:33 left in the third quarter. Rozier bumped Bledsoe near the baseline. Bledsoe responded with a hard shove. They then got face-to-face and had to be separated.
Bledsoe was assessed a flagrant foul and Rozier was issued a technical foul.
It was the continuation of some off-court chiding between the pair.
Rozier called Bledsoe "Drew Bledsoe" when asked about them after Game 1. Bledsoe has since responded by saying "Who?" whenever he's asked about Rozier.
___
More NBA basketball: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Kyle Hightower, The Associated Press
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Bristol's biggest clubs is about to be transported to a new planet - if you allow your imagination to wander into the strange world of one of Netflix's most popular shows, that is.
Thekla is hosting a huge club night dedicated to Rick and Morty this weekend and although you might still be partying on a boat in Bristol Harbour, you'll certainly feel like 'Planet Thekla' has just been transported.
The brilliantly bonkers show is an adult science fiction cartoon following the misadventures of cynical mad scientist Rick Sanchez and their easily influenced grandson Morty Smith, who spend their time alternating between domestic life and interdimensional adventures.
(Image: Adult Swim)
Thekla's night dedicated to the wildly popular series will feature plasma rays, headism and portal guns - and as you might expect, fancy dress is most definitely encouraged.
Room 1 of Planet Thekla will be devoted to hip-hop classics, with artists such as 2Pac, A Tribe Called Quest, Wu Tang Clan and Nas all appearing on the playlist.
It's a more funky affair - a totally different world, you might say - over in Room 2 however, as it'll be playing the finest disco, funk and soul all night long.
The Show Me What You Got - Rick and Morty Party is coming to Thekla on Friday. Tickets are available through Fatsoma now.
Easing Old People's Loneliness Can Help Keep Them Healthy
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anna Gorman/KHN Anna Gorman/KHN
Emil Girardi moved to San Francisco on New Year's Eve in 1960. They loved everything about the city: the energy, the people and the hills. And, of course, the bars, where Girardi mixed drinks for most of their adult life.
About 10 years ago, the 83-year-old New York native had a stroke and collapsed on the sidewalk near their Nob Hill home. Everything changed.
"I didn't want to go out of the house," Girardi recalled, adding they only felt comfortable "going from the bedroom to the dining room."
He'd started to fear the city's streets — and growing older.
An out-of-state friend worried about their isolation and called a San Francisco-based nonprofit called Little Brothers, Friends of the Elderly. The organization works to relieve isolation and loneliness among the city's seniors by pairing them with volunteers.
Little Brothers matched them with Shipra Narruhn, a computer software trainer who has volunteered with various organizations over the years, and became involved with Little Brothers after their mother's death. The organization started in France after World War II and now operates in several U.S. cities, including Chicago, Philadelphia and San Francisco.
Cathy Michalec, the executive director of the local nonprofit, said older adults often become less mobile as they age. Cities like San Francisco, because of hills, crowded streets or old housing stock, are difficult for many seniors. That can lead to isolation and loneliness, Michalec said.
"Those 50 stairs you used to be able to go up and down all the time, you can't go up and down all the time," they said. "The streets are crowded and sometimes unsafe. ... Sometimes, our elders say, it's easier to stay in the house."
Across the nation, geriatricians and other health and social service providers are growing increasingly worried about loneliness among seniors like Girardi. Their concerns are fueled by studies showing the emotional isolation is linked to serious health problems. Research shows older adults who feel lonely are at greater risk of memory loss, strokes, heart disease and high blood pressure. The health threat is similar to that of smoking 15 cigarettes a day, according to AARP. Researchers say that loneliness and isolation are linked to physical inactivity and poor sleep, as well as high blood pressure and poor immune functioning.
A 2012 study showed that people who felt lonely – whether or not they lived with others or suffered from depression – were at heightened risk of death. It also showed that 43 percent of people over 60 felt lonely.
"If someone reports feeling lonely, they are more likely to lose their independence and they are at greater risk of dying solely from being lonely," said Dr. Carla Perissinotto, a geriatrician and researcher at the University of California, San Francisco who authored the study.
There can be many causes of loneliness, Perissinotto said, including illness, hearing loss or life changes such as retirement or the loss of a spouse. "The usual social connections we have in younger life end up changing as we get older," they said.
Narruhn recalled that they and Girardi would just visit at their apartment, in the beginning. She'd tell them about their travels and their adult daughter. He'd tell them about their adventures in San Francisco. They described what the city was like as a young gay man, and told them about the friends they had lost to AIDS. They talked about music, books and cooking.
"I could tell from talking to them that they had a lot of interests," they said. "At one time, they were very sociable."
Gradually, Narruhn started bringing them music from Italy, India and Mexico. Girardi liked the songs they could snap their fingers to. Finally, Shipra convinced them to go out to lunch – and to visit a hidden, tile-covered staircase in San Francisco with them
"Shipra came to see me, and came to see me and came to see me," they said. "Finally, they said, 'You have to get out of the house.'"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Anna Gorman/KHN Anna Gorman/KHN
Soon, they were going to jazz shows, on walks and to the park. Narruhn said they invited Girardi to do eclectic things with their – chakra cleansings, Reiki healing sessions – and they were always game. Over time, their fear subsided. So did their loneliness.
"After they took me out of the house, then I didn't want to stop," Girardi said.
There isn't much research about the effectiveness of programs such as Little Brothers. But Perissinotto said they can help seniors build new social connections. Other efforts to address loneliness include roommate matching services in various states and, in the United Kingdom, a call-in hotline.
"Maintaining connections, that touchy-feely thing, is actually really important," Perissinotto said. "It's hard to measure, it's hard to quantify, but there is something real. Even though we don't have the exact research, we have tons of stories where we know it's [had] an effect in people's lives."
AARP Foundation also recently launched a nationwide online network to raise awareness about social isolation and loneliness among older adults. The network, Connect2Affect, allows people to do a self-assessment test and reach out to others feeling disconnected.
AARP, the Gerontological Society of America and other organizations are hoping to help create more understanding of isolation and loneliness and to help lonely seniors build more social connections.
"Loneliness is a huge issue we don't talk enough about," said Dr. Charlotte Yeh, chief medical officer of AARP Services. "There is a huge stigma."
One afternoon in November, Narruhn came by to take Girardi out to one of their favorite restaurants on Polk Street. The waiter greeted them by name. Over Italian food, they planned several more visits together.
Girardi said they don't fear growing older anymore. He's surrounded by their new family. And by good music, they said, and "snapping fingers."
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent program of the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit, nonpartisan health policy research and communication organization not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente. You can follow Anna Gorman on Twitter: @annagorman.
STOCKHOLM (AP) — An American scientist who shared this year's Nobel Prize for medicine bluntly criticized political developments at home in their address at the awards' gala banquet, saying that U.S. scientists are facing funding cutbacks that will hurt research.
Michael Rosbash, who was honored for their work on circadian rhythms — commonly called the body clock — expressed concern that U.S. government funding such as that received by them and Nobel colleagues Jeffrey Hall and Michael Young is endangered.
“We benefited from an enlightened period in the postwar United States. Our National Institutes of Health have enthusiastically and generously supported basic research … (but) the current climate in the U.S. is a warning that continued support cannot be taken for granted,” Rosbash said in a short speech Sunday night at Stockholm's ornate city hall.
The 2018 federal budget proposed by President Donald Trump calls for cutting science funding by billions of dollars.
“Also in danger is the pluralistic America into which all three of us of born were born and raised after World War II,” Rosbash said. “Immigrants and foreigners have always been an indispensable part of our country, including its great record in scientific research.”
Literature laureate Kazuo Ishiguro of Britain expressed concern about increasing tensions between social factions.
“We live today in a time of growing tribal enmities of communities fracturing into bitterly opposed groups,” said Ishiguro, who was born in Japan.
They said Nobel prizes can counterbalance such animosity.
“The pride we feel when someone from our nation wins a Nobel prize is different from the one we feel witnessing one of our athletes winning an Olympic medal. We don't feel the pride of our tribe demonstrating superiority over other tribes. Rather it's the pride that from knowing that one of us has made a significant contribution to our common human endeavor,” they said.
In the Norwegian capital of Oslo, a survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima compared their struggle to survive in 1945 to the objectives of the group awarded this year's Nobel's Peace Prize.
Setsuko Thurlow, who was 13 when the U.S. bomb devastated their Japanese city during the final weeks of World War II, spoke as a leading activist with the Nobel-winning International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons.
Thurlow said the Hiroshima blast left them buried under the rubble, but they were able to see light and crawl to safety. In the same way, the campaign to which they belong is a driving force behind an international treaty to ban nuclear weapons, they said after ICAN received the Nobel prize it won in October.
“Our light now is the ban treaty,” Thurlow said. “I repeat those words that I heard called to me in the ruins of Hiroshima: ‘Don't give up. Keep pushing. See the light? Crawl toward it.'”
The treaty has been signed by 56 countries — none of them nuclear powers — and ratified by only three. To become binding it requires ratification by 50 countries.
ICAN Executive Director Beatrice Fihn, who accepted the prize along with Thurlow, said that while the treaty is far from ratification “now, at long last, we have an unequivocal norm against nuclear weapons.”
“This is the way forward. There is only one way to prevent the use of nuclear weapons — prohibit and eliminate them,” Fihn said.
The prize winners were announced in October. All except the peace prize were awarded in Sweden on Sunday.
The other laureates were American Richard Thaler for their work in behavioral economics; American physicists Kip Thorne, Rainer Weiss and Barry Barish for confirming the existence of gravity waves; and Jacques Dubochet of Switzerland, American Joachim Frank and Richard Henderson of the United Kingdom for advances in electron microscopy.
___
Heintz reported from Moscow.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City are poised to sign defender Jack Hunt from Sheffield Wednesday.
The 27-year-old's arrival continues the Robins' busy transfer activity in recent weeks as Lee Johnson builds their squad ahead of the new campaign.
Here is all you need to know about the full-back.
Position
(Image: Getty)
Hunt is primarily a right-back but can also playon the right of midfield if need be.
 They are known for being pacey and explosive, getting forward well.  They are a reliable performer who struggled to make the step up to the Premier League with a move to Crystal Palace but has been a consistent player at Championship level.
Hunt has been known to like attacking football and featured at wing-back for times for the Owls.
However, injuries have hampered their form over the past season.
Career so far
For a 27-year-old, they are vastly experienced, having spent a decade in Huddersfield Town's academy before going on to play over 100 games for the Terriers, also spending time on loan at Grays Athletic and Chesterfield among others.
They joined Crystal Palace in 2013 for a fee believed to be around £2m after 102 appearances for the Terriers. Yet they failed to make a league appearance for the Eagles, instead playing most of their football in numerous loan spells at the likes of Barnsley and Nottingham Forest.
Hunt was labelled as one of 11 players to never live up to expectations by the Croydon Advertiser but they stood by their decision to join the Eagles. After a successful loan spell at Sheffield Wednesday, in which they played 22 times in the first half of a season-long loan deal, they moved to Hillsborough on a permanent basis.
The right-back successfully held down their place in the side despite suffering from a knee injury in their first season at the club and helped them to the play-off final, which they lost to Hull City.
What they say about them
(Image: Getty)
Hudersfield legend Geoff Hutt after Hunt said they love beating their former club.
“We all like to win, and that's fine, but I found those comments unnecessary and a bit disrespectful.
“We don't know what might have been said when they left, but Jack shouldn't forget that they got their chance with Town.
“He got good backing from both the club and the fans, but I doubt he'll get a great reception this time.
“I like them as a full-back, especially going forward, but to be honest, I hope we wipe that smile off their face.”
Premier Kathleen Wynne stopped at Stelco Wednesday morning to warn voters about the dangers of allowing Andrea Horwath or Doug Ford to handle the increasingly delicate trade relationship with the U.S.
Wynne, who also stopped at Hamilton's steel manufacturing giant in April, said she's the best candidate to help preserve jobs — particularly those in manufacturing — given the looming threat of the U.S. imposing new tariffs on steel and aluminum.
"With the tension and uncertainty around NAFTA, I've been spending a lot more time in the United States that I might have expected to in this job," they said. "And that's because Ontario workers needed me there — needed us to be there to be standing up for jobs and businesses, like Stelco."
Wynne, appearing in Horwath's home riding, pointed out that Canada's exemption from new American tariffs on steel and aluminum expires June 1. They said the new "wave of protectionism" ushered in by U.S. President Donald Trump, won't change their commitment to fight for the 16,000 steel jobs in the province.
Wynne cast themselves as the middle ground between their rivals, arguing that Ford is too close to Trump, while the NDP is having taken "rigid and impractical position" instead of pursuing what's best for workers.
"When voters go to the polls on June 7, they're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in very tricky, very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials. That's the reality of the role of Premier, it's that you find yourself — and you put yourself — into those very challenging conversations," they said.
"On the one hand, you have Doug Ford, he's expressed their admiration for Donald Trump, despite the chaos and the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario. And on the other extreme, you have the NDP, who has historically campaigned against free trade agreements, and would base their
MPP Ted McMeekin, who is facing a tough re-election fight in their riding of Hamilton West-Ancaster-Dundas, said Wynne's efforts "literally saved the (steel) industry."
"I couldn't see Andrea Horwath, with their well-known sentiments about free trade and not understanding the complexity of the agreements, getting on a plane and going south to talk to congressional leaders and members of congress and governors. That just wouldn't happen," said McMeekin. "We've got a leader that made it happen."
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (AP) - A federal judge has overturned a jury decision that found a former president of Bolivia and their defense minister responsible for government killings during 2003 unrest.
U.S. Senior District Judge James Cohn upheld a defense motion Wednesday that there was insufficient evidence to support an April verdict that included $10 million in damages in a lawsuit filed by Bolivians whose family members were among the dead.
The jury verdict had followed a nearly three-week trial of the civil suit in federal court in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Jurors found against former Bolivian President Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada and their former defense minister, Jose Carlos Sanchez Berzain. Both live in the U.S.
The lawsuit was filed under the Torture Victim Protection Act, which authorizes suits in the U.S. for extrajudicial killings.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Christian Benteke has apologised to their Crystal Palace team-mates for missing a late penalty against Bournemouth on Saturday.
The Belgium striker took the ball off regular taker Luka Milivojevic – only to see Asmir Begovic save their tame kick.
The game ended 2-2 to leave Palace at the bottom of the Premier League .
Manager Roy Hodgson admitted their anger after the match.
Before tomorrow's visit of Watford , the former England boss said: "After the game, I didn't say much to them at all. It was a raw moment, especially for him.
(Image: Dan Istitene)
"The first opportunity, this morning, they get the players around, says their piece – he's already said it to me – that's a strong and correct thing to do, and they make it perfectly clear, ‘I took this responsibility; I shouldn't have done because I'm breaking ranks, I'm not obeying team instructions, so I apologise for that, but I'm now going to get on with it', and once more, I'm pretty sure he'll make it up to us.
"I am very happy with the way they have reacted to it and taken responsibility and the way they have explained that to the rest of the team.
(Image: Jordan Mansfield)
"He was very confident against Bournemouth. They played well in the game and was very confident they would score.
"He persuaded Luka to take it. They wanted it, they were convinced they would score it, they felt good about their game. No-one was more devastated they didn't score.
"These things do happen in a football match. We have been, not lucky, but received rewards in the closing minutes of matches."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Hodgson was also keen to stress there were positives to take from Benteke's performance - despite the late miss. They added: "Let me make one more point about Benteke: they played very well on Saturday.
"That was a really good performance, so lets not forget that. At the moment Benteke, as far as everyone's concerned, is some sort of pantomime villain.
"But that's also a bit unfair if you look at their performance, because it was really very good."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Following the tragic news Keith Chegwin passed away at the age of 60, the nation mourns the loss of a long-standing telly favourite.
From their early start as a kids' TV host to breakfast telly where, in their words, they were tasked with “knocking on doors and surprising mums in their nighties all over the country," Keith became renowned for their infectious personality.
During their later career, Keith showed a more vulnerable side during a very public breakdown on the Richard & Judy show followed up with a self-confessed 'career low' fronting a naked quiz show.
They even found time to appear on almost every celebrity reality show going.
We take a look back at the highs and lows of Keith's rollercoaster TV career...
Multi-Coloured Swap Shop
(Image: bbc photosales)
Keith became a household name back in the mid 1970's thanks to their appearances on much-loved kids' programmes Multi-Coloured Swap Shop and later Saturday Superstore.
The bright, brash backdrop of kids' TV was the perfect place for Keith's impossibly chipper personality to shine.
Doorstepping Mums on Breakfast TV
(Image: GMTV)
(Image: GMTV)
Keith became known as the man you wouldn't mind appearing on national TV in your pj's with bedhair for.
Hosting outdoor segments on both Channel 4's The Big Breakfast and ITV's GMTV, Keith became synonymous with breakfast telly, knocking on people's doors to inform them they'd won cash prizes.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In the early nineties Keith was memorably called upon to wake up Steve Coogan - the morning after the BAFTA awards.
Luckily for Keith, the comedian was in a fairly good mood - even introducing them to their female companion who was still in bed.
Tearful Confession live on Richard and Judy
(Image: Newsflash)
In what started out as a light-hearted interview, Keith stunned viewers when they dropped the cheeky chappy persona to reveal that they were suffering with alcoholism.
The star broke down in tears during an interview on the Richard and Judy show, as the shocked hosts did their best to offer support as they revealed the full extent of their drink habit.
Keith later held the very public break down as their first step to recovery.
Naked Jungle
(Image: Press Association)
Cheggers caused a huge stir when they fronted naturist quiz show 'Naked Jungle.'
Like the contestants, Keith appeared fully nude - except for a hat and a pair of flip flops.
They later described the controversial show as 'the worst career move' of their life.
Dancing On Ice
(Image: ITV)
In 2011 Keith signed up for a slightly less daunting - but far more dangerous reality show.
Cheggers broke three ribs and fractured their shoulder during their first rehearsal for Dancing on Ice and had to be rushed to hospital.
Presenter Phillip Schofield declared at the time: “We've broken a major celebrity.”
The defiant star returned a year later but was kicked off the show after falling into the skate-off four times.
Celebrity Big Brother
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Big Brother : Keith fails at secret laughing task
Not put off by reality TV, in 2015 Keith signed up to Celebrity Big Brother where they had been the early favourite to win - until Katie Price made a late arrival and stole their crown.
"People have a preconception that Keith Chegwin is thick and I've always suckered up to that because I quite like it. That's one side that people don't know about Keith Chegwin. I do read a lot. I know a bit about everything!" they said before entering the famous house.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Jonathan Brady/PA Wire)
Keith was given the task of trying to make their housemates laugh with their infamous one-liners unbeknown they'd been given the secret task of trying not to crack up making for some toe-curling scenes.
They also appeared on Celebrity Masterchef where they lost out to a Pussycat Doll and got stuck into Bushtucker Trials during a stint on I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out of Here.
Life's Too Short
(Image: Wenn)
Showing off their comedy chops and laughing off their former demons, Keith was called upon to star in Ricky Gervais' Life's Too Short mocumentary.
Alongside Les Dennis and Barry from EastEnders, Cheggers took part in a darkly comic debate about the best way to commit suicide.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol Rovers now have just three matches to go this season, and with little to play for, thoughts have already turned to next season.
With the summer transfer window now closing on August 9, the opening has been brought forward to mid-May and clubs will already have strong ideas formulated on how they want to strengthen their sides.
Rovers are set for another mid-table finish in League One, so what do they need to do to push on to the next level?
Retain the core
The first priority for Rovers will simply be to hang on to their most talented players this summer. Darrell Clarke has often alluded to the fact that the club will struggle to kick on if they keep selling their best players. Losing Matty Taylor last season and Billy Bodin in this campaign has undoubtedly weakened Rovers.
Captain Tom Lockyer signed a new deal earlier this year extending their Rovers contract, as did fellow centre-back Tom Broadbent. While in midfield, Liam Sercombe has been supremely impressive in their debut season for Rovers and they could become the focal point of the side going forward.
Quality in the final third
The big issue for Rovers when they've taken on the top six sides this season has been the difference in quality in the final third. Rovers often create as many, if not more, chances than their high achieving opponents, but are less clinical in front of goal.
Ellis Harrison has perhaps enjoyed their most promising season, seemingly finding their feet at League One level with 12 goals. But behind them there has been little support since Bodin's departure.
Kyle Bennett has looked capable of replacing some of Bodin's creative qualities, but Rovers still lack goals from up front.
This summer they will surely look to recruit a proven goal scorer. Last season they went for Tom Nichols, not a bad bet with 13 goals in their previous season, but that move has not worked out at all, with Nichols netting just one league goal and looking bereft of confidence.
It won't come cheap, but Rovers desperately need to find themselves a 20-goal a season man. Easier said than done of course, with every other club searching for the same.
Take a look at Telford
Could the answer to Rovers' finishing problems be starting them in the face? Many Gasheads certainly think so. Stoke City loanee Dom Telford has impressed during their brief spells on the pitch for Rovers.
The striker has netted 14 times in six development matches, and while the standard is obviously nowhere near League One, it is clear Telford is a natural goalscorer.
With Ellis Harrison and Rory Gaffney playing in a similar manner, winning headers and holding the ball up, Rovers could do with a players just like Telford - willing to sit on the shoulder of the last defender and gamble with runs in behind.
They have more than a hint of Matty Taylor about them when on the pitch, and if they can offer that goalscoring record, then Rovers would be foolish not to snap them up on a permanent deal.
He's out of contract at Stoke at the end of the season, and Clarke has hinted they may be looking to keep the young striker long term.
Use loans wisely
Clarke's record in using loan players has certainly improved in the last two seasons, but still the Rovers boss said last month they are looking to move away from loans and towards the club's youth players.
That's all well and good, but any competent League One side is boosted with well picked temporary signings. While Ryan Sweeney hasn't hit the heights of last season, Marc Bola has been a useful option at left-back and Dom Telford has scored a few important goals.
A young central midfielder wouldn't go amiss next season, someone to keep the current quartet of Liam Sercombe, Chris Lines, Stuart Sinclair and Ollie Clarke on their toes.
Cut the squad players
(Image: Rogan Thomson/JMP)
Clarke has admitted he's already made decisions on some players' futures, but is waiting until after the final match of the season to discuss it with the players themselves.
Rovers don't have a massive squad but they will still look to trim the squad a little to try and cut the wage budget and free up some space in the salary cap for a few new additions.
Centre-back Jonny Burn has been away for most of the season with National League North side York City, and they look set to leave Rovers permanently this summer.
A few months ago, we would have probably added Byron Moore to that list, the attacker seemed a long way down the pecking order at the Memorial Stadium and appeared to have little future at the club. But in recent months, with injuries hampering Rovers, they have put in a few impressive displays and even earned the man of the match award on one occasion.
It will be interesting to see who Clarke feels is disposable ahead of the summer transfer window.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Bill Belichick's impressive resume makes it easy for the five-time championship head coach to mandate that players check their egos before joining the New England Patriots.
Doug Pederson didn't have a hard sell, either.
The Philadelphia Eagles are an unselfish group that prioritizes winning over personal accomplishments. It's a major reason why the Eagles (15-3) are playing the Patriots (15-3) in the Super Bowl on Sunday.
"It's a group that doesn't really care who gets the ball. The bottom line is trying to win the game," Pederson said. "I didn't have to sell it too much."
Pederson was 7-9 last year in their rookie season as head coach but has guided the Eagles from worst to first in search of the franchise's first NFL title since 1960. They found a way to blend a young locker room with a mix of accomplished veterans.
The team added veteran receivers Alshon Jeffrey and Torrey Smith, running backs LeGarrette Blount and Jay Ajayi, defensive linemen Chris Long and Tim Jernigan and defensive backs Ronald Darby, Patrick Robinson and Corey Graham.
"I can remember this team showing up in April and talking about being at this place, talking about our dreams, aspirations and focusing on a grind," safety Malcolm Jenkins said.
"Guys being unselfish, adding guys along the way that added to the team and continued to push, and every time we won and had some success — we even had some adversity — the team believed more and more. It's been awesome to be a part of."
Blount led the NFL with 18 touchdowns rushing and earned their second Super Bowl ring last season in New England. They didn't get a carry in a loss at Kansas City in Week 2 and never complained. Same with Jeffery, who went from No. 1 receiver in Chicago to being one of the guys in Philadelphia.
"We couldn't care less how many catches or how many carries or how many yards any one guy has," Blount said. "We all have one common goal in hand. We all have one thing that we all want more than anything. You can't be selfish when everybody has one common goal because you have to make sacrifices for the best of the team. We've done that and it's gotten us this far."
STANFORD, Calif. — Stanford forward Reid Travis has pulled out of the NBA draft and will transfer for their final year of eligibility.
Travis said Wednesday that they decided to stay in college after testing the draft process but will finish their career at another school. Travis will be eligible immediately as a graduate transfer.
Travis has been selected to the All-Pac-12 team twice. They rank seventh in Stanford history with 1,427 points and 10th with 758 rebounds. They ranked third last season in the Pac-12 in both scoring (19.5 points per game) and rebounding (8.7 rpg).
Travis missed the final 22 games in 2015-16 with a leg injury and had their medical hardship petition granted by the NCAA last May.
Summer time is an especially vibrant time for the library.
Warmer weather and holidays mean that for many it's time to relax, reach for a new book, or finally get caught up on the latest TV series. If you've got a trip planned, consider downloading apps that link to your library card: Libby and Freading for e-books and audiobooks, Hoopla for books, audiobooks, music, TV and movies, and RBDigitial for magazines. These apps are a great way to use the library from your tablet or phone. They're also a great way to save precious space in your luggage.
The library is also ramping up on programs. Last week, at the Crystal Ridge Supper Market, we signed up more than 40 kids for summer reading, and even more had a blast playing with our Big Blue Blocks. Look for us again at the market on July 19 and July 26. If you're not participating in our summer reading challenges, you should be. Stop by any branch to pick up a bingo card or sign your child up.
Last week at the library we kicked off not one but two Dungeons and Dragons campaigns — one for ages 12 and over and then one for ages 16 and up. So you want to go on an adventure? Dungeon Masters will lead you and your team through a legendary campaign. All players are welcome, regardless of experience. We will be playing 5e. We will meet every Saturday at 1 p.m. at the Centennial branch. Ages 16 and up Our D&D campaign will be running on Tuesday nights in July and August for ages 12 and over. Please see our website, www.fepl.ca, and look at the calendar for further details.
This week is the start of our high energy summer programs for kids, starting this week with Mad Science and Button Making, both at our Centennial Branch this Wednesday.
For adults, we have a summer of crafts and learning planned. On July 11, come to our Centennial Branch to make beautiful, professional-grade greeting cards. All pieces will be supplied, including many that have been professionally cut with a laser cutter.
Later this month, join us at Crystal Ridge to make your own terrarium. Please note that we are taking registration for all adults programs this summer. Just call the library to reserve your place, or drop by the desk at any branch.
Stay cool out there — or come on down to the library, and stay cool in here.
Laura Trabucco is the community engagement librarian at Fort Erie Public Library.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A packed schedule at the track should keep racing fans well occupied as the weekend kicks off.
Six, count 'em, six meetings greets punters with action coming thick and fast at Sandown Park, Kempton Park, Musselburgh, Wetherby, Leopardstown and Lingfield Park.
So, how about a flutter on the horses to get you through the week?
Our very own Newsboy is on hand to provide you with Saturday's best horse racing selections.
But remember: always gamble responsibily.
SANDOWN PARK
12.40 AINCHEA
1.15 GINO TRAIL
1.50 BUVEUR D'AIR
2.25 TERREFORT
3.00 GOLAN FORTUNE (NB)
3.35 COGRY
4.10 PALMERS HILL
MUSSELBURGH
12.55 ANOTHER STOWAWAY
1.30 BARNEY DWAN
2.05 SIR CHAUVELIN
2.45 BABY KING
3.15 MISSED APPROACH
3.45 MORNING WITH IVAN
4.20 WONDERFUL CHARM
WETHERBY
1.00 NORTHERN BEAU
1.35 MERCIAN PRINCE
2.10 ROBIN WATERS
2.40 BALLYOPTIC
3.20 FISCAL SPACE
3.55 TOP WOOD
4.30 INFORMATEUR
LEOPARDSTOWN
1.10 DORTMUND PARK
1.45 MIN
2.20 FOOTPAD
2.55 CONRAD HASTINGS
3.30 DEFI DU SEUIL
4.05 BEN DUNDEE
4.40 RHINESTONE
LINGFIELD PARK
12.50 PAPARAZZI
1.25 AUTHOR'S DREAM
2.00 DOUBLE UP
2.35 GEORGE DRYDEN
3.05 VICTORY BOND
3.40 AIYA
4.15 AMERICAN GIGOLO
KEMPTON PARK
5.45 RUNAOICHT
6.15 RIPP ORF (NAP)
6.45 BUNGEE JUMP
7.15 MORNING HAS BROKEN
7.45 HUMBERT
8.15 SKY MARSHAL
DOUBLE: RIPP ORF and GOLAN FORTUNE
Move over T20s, Tests are the way going ahead, says Smith
The Protea wants increased marketing and financial backing for promoting red ball cricket
Aditya Joshi CONTRIBUTOR News 30 May 2018, 17:40 IST 171 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Smith continues to bat for Test cricket
What's the story?
Only a few weeks after the England Cricket Board proposed "The 100" to attract a new demographic of audience to the sport and Brendon McCullum talked about the futility of Test cricket in the age of the hit and giggle cricket, that is Twenty20, former South African opener Graeme Smith has strongly supported the case for survival of the oldest form of the game.
They also stated the importance to retain the originality of each format and a few suggestions that will help the sustenance of the sport in the long run. Smith's words come in handy at a time where despite the abundance of Test stars, the format as a whole seems to be struggling to garner the number of eyeballs it requires to remain viable in the longer run.
In case you didn't know
At the age of 22, Smith was appointed as the youngest South African test captain. In a career stretching over twelve years, they led their country in a record 109 test matches, winning an astounding 53 of those.
The heart of the matter
Smith came up with the radical, yet sound idea of getting rid of T20s at the international level. "Maybe the ICC needs to look at six months of T20 cricket domestically and six months of international cricket," Smith said at an event in Mumbai, according to Hindustan Times.
"I don't think T20 cricket should be played at the international level. My opinion is to retain domestic T20 competitions and have international cricket - Test and ODIs - and have a World Cup every couple of years," thus they emphasized on having more and more matches with consequential outcomes.
"There needs to be investment," they said. "Maybe spend more money marketing Test cricket. So much money is spent in marketing the T20 format. Maybe there can be money marketing the stories and histories in Test cricket." Smith urged the cricket boards to take the initiatives that will nudge the sport and its associations in the right direction.
Smith cited the example of former team-mate and recently retired legend of the game, AB de Villiers, to explain the toll of excessive cricket on the players, and hence the need to regulate and prioritize well. "There are not many players who have played for 14-15 years that can travel nine, 10, 11 months a year, deal with the pressures, plus the family pressures, it's very, very difficult," they said, according to Reuters. "The guy has played international cricket for around 15 years."
What's next?
Over the last couple of years, with consistent involvement from the MCC, the ICC finally came up with a strictly defined structure for Test Cricket and ODIs. To eradicate the criticism of having many meaningless bilateral Test series, ICC introduced the Test Championship, which gets the top four teams to compete against each other at the end of every defined three-year cycle. Thus, every test, even dead rubbers from a series context, acquire relevance in the long run.
The increasing number of day/night tests will also draw in more spectators for many reasons, the sheer novelty of the concept, favourable weather conditions, and the new set of strategies and tactics associated with the slightly varied behaviour of the pink ball.
Do you agree with what the South African legend has to say? Have your say in the comments section:
—File Photo
Peshawar: Terrorist in North Waziristan opened fire on the vehicle of security forces on Tuesday which martyred two soldiers, Aaj News reported.
According to Inter-Service Public Relation (ISPR), the soldiers were martyred after terrorists fired on their vehicle from the surrounding mountains. The martyred were identified as Second Lieutenant Abdul Moeed and Sepoy Basharat.
According to the ISPR, second LT Abdul Moeed belonged to Burewala, Vehari and they had recently passed out PMA and it was their first posting.
Whereas, Sepoy Basharat was a resident of village Danyor located in Gilgit. They have been serving the Pak army for three years.
Director General ISPR Major General Asif Ghafoor tweeted Army Chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa's tribute to the martyred soldiers stating that, “Freedom isn't free, it costs sons of the soil. Freedom that we enjoy today is owed to so many such bravehearts. Salute to our Martyrs”
“Freedom isn't free, it costs sons of the soil. Freedom that we enjoy today is owed to so many such bravehearts. Salute to our Martyrs”COAS. pic.twitter.com/GVTOnmTrWn — Maj Gen Asif Ghafoor (@OfficialDGISPR) December 12, 2017
PM condemned terrorist attack
Prime Minister Shahid Khaqan Abbasi has strongly condemned terrorist attack on a vehicle of the Pakistan Army at North Waziristan.
In their condolence message, they stated that these matchless sacrifices of precious human lives, in the war against terrorism, will always be remembered as they form the most important aspect of our national history.
The Prime Minister said as a nation, we will never forget the greatest contribution of our valiant Armed Forces in the war against the enemies of our country.Minister for Defence Khurram Dastgir has also condemned the terrorist attack.
WINNIPEG - Police are searching for a suspect who threw a large piece of concrete at a Winnipeg transit driver and hit them in the head.
The driver was not badly hurt.
Police say a man got on the bus at the St. Vital Shopping Centre last month, refused to pay and argued with the driver before getting off downtown.
A short time later, the driver stopped to pick up people waiting at a different bus stop and saw the same man.
Officers say that's when the suspect threw the concrete before they fled on foot.
Winnipeg bus driver Irvine Jubal Fraser died in February after being stabbed multiple times by a passenger.
The bus had reached the end of the line late at night and Fraser was trying to remove the man, who had been sleeping at the back of the bus.
In June 2002, Robert Stanley was killed when two teens dropped a boulder the size of a basketball from a bridge over Edmonton's Whitemud Freeway. The rock crashed through Stanley's school bus windshield and struck them in the chest.
(CTV Winnipeg, The Canadian Press)
April 28 Crosswood SA:
* Net profit for 2016 was 3.7 million euros ($4.03 million), or 0.35 euros per share, compared to 4.6 million euros a year earlier. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9184 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Christmas isn't Christmas without the iconic Time Lord making an appearance on our television screens. The annual festive special first started when Doctor Who was revived back in 2005. Ever since the first Christmas Special in 2005, the Doctor has annually picked up the Santa hat to battle their arch enemies over the years.
However, this year's Christmas season just got even better — the Doctor is hitting US cinemas. The upcoming special, "Twice Upon A Time," will be shown in a number of American theaters on the December 27. Fans won't be treated to just the special episode, as it will be followed by selected behind-the-scenes footage.
Twelve's Final Adventure
Back in January, current Doctor Peter Capaldi announced their departure from #DoctorWho, causing fans to break down with shock and sadness. With 2017 flying by, fans can't seem to face the fact that it's almost time for the Twelfth Doctor to bow out of the show. It has been revealed that the Capaldi's final Doctor Who is a story will be a tale of hope and redemption because the Time Lord will refuse to regenerate.
On the other hand, this year's Christmas Special won't be all sad, as a number of familiar faces will return to see the fall of the Doctor.
Coming face to face with their very first incarnation, the Twelfth and the First Doctor are sure to offer something heartwarming to prepare fans for the moment of the Doctor's big regeneration. Joining the two Doctors will be former companion Bill Potts (played by Pearl Mackie). However, Potts was tragically written out of the show in the Season 10 finale to explore the universe with their crush, Heather.
Go Behind The Scenes
When the Twelfth Doctor's final battle comes to an end, those in the theater will be treated to a range of behind-the-scenes clips that explore how the festive episode was filmed, as well as a retrospective of Peter Capaldi and Steven Moffat, who are both putting the show behind them this year.
Whie American Doctor Who fans are jumping with joy that they can see the Doctor on the big screen, UK fans are unsure if they will get the same experience.
However you view the what is expected to be emotional episode, it will be powerful, hard hitting and adventurous — whether you watch it on the big screen or not. US fans can buy tickets to see Doctor Who in theaters right here.
Final Thoughts
In just two months, the Doctor will embark on their final adventure in their twelfth incarnation. However, the Doctor's adventures are only just beginning, as Christmas 2017 will see the introduction of the show's very first female Doctor: Jodie Whittaker.
Will you be watching this year's Christmas Special in theaters? Sounds off in the comments!
(Source: Radio Times)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This year's Totterdown Music Festival – an event that has become a South Bristol institution over the past 40-plus years – looks set to be cancelled after police pulled the plug.
Pub landlord and festival organiser Jon Evans made the announcement – and received a wave of support from local residents on the Totterdown community's social media.
But the police officer who decided that they would not be supporting any licence application for this year's event said they did so amid concerns about ‘public safety, crime and disorder'.
The Totterdown Music Festival has taken many forms over the past few decades but in recent years has seen the Oxford pub in Totterdown close the road outside, set up a lorry trailer stage across it, and host live music over a weekend.
The event is mainly attended by people from the terraced streets of Totterdown, and for years it has gone ahead with no real problems at all.
But there were two incidents last year that although didn't occur at the festival itself, are now being highlighted as a reason not to allow the festival to get a licence for 2018. The first was an alternative ‘rave' set up nearby without permission, and the second was a fight that happened in the New Found Out pub, in a separate street nearby.
Mr Evans said they could not possibly be held responsible for either of those problems – both occurred outside the area the festival covered and after the time when the festival finished.
They said they had been told there was ‘zero chance' of the police granting permission.
“Apparently a fight in another pub and the rave that was set up near the Banco Lounge was all my fault,” they said. “Both were incidents out of any control I could have had.”
“It's a sad end to a great event, and it seems the police cutbacks haven't been extended to the department of stopping fun.
“I need to try to open some dialogue with them, then at least we can sit down and discuss what we could do better,” they added.
But a hard-hitting statement, issued by Avon and Somerset police's licensing officer Louise Mowbray, explained why they would object if Mr Evans put in an application this year.
They painted a picture of a shambolic event which over-ran and lacked any control.
“As far as I'm aware we haven't received a licensing application for the Totterdown Music Festival this year, but if we did receive one, we would oppose a grant of a licence, as we have real concerns about public safety, crime and disorder,” they said.
“Last year's event was poorly run, lacked adequate security and disregarded licensing conditions.
“Numbers at the event far exceeded those permitted and there appeared to be a general lack of control. The event's security staff were not properly briefed - they had no idea what their powers were and whether they should be refusing people who had alcohol with them or not.
“They weren't even sure if they were allowed to evict people from the event.
“Pop up events confounded the issues – whilst not part of the official event, they would likely not have occurred if the Festival wasn't taking place.
“There was a serious incident at the New Found Out and the perpetrator and the victim, both who were intoxicated, had been at the Totterdown Music Festival earlier in the day.
“On both the Saturday and Sunday, music was played much longer than was permitted – on the Saturday beyond 10pm," they added.
“We received numerous calls from the public about disorder, mainly on Henry Street and officers reported people drinking beyond the barriers of the event, with lots of empty glass bottles littering the area.
“These issues and incidents raise serious concerns with public safety,” they added.
Ms Mowbray did offer a potential olive branch – but it would mean a completely different kind of event.
“If the event were to move to a park with it being fenced, with the necessary support, then an application may be supported, but not in its current format, as we believe it would be a danger to the general public attending,” they said.
“We're not against people having fun, but we do want them to be safe whilst doing so,” they added.
However, organiser Mr Evans has hit back at the claims from police, saying that the officer would not tell them what the issues with the event were.
They said: "This is completely one sided and very contradictive (sic) of itself.
"In one paragraph it states the security didn't know what they were doing (sic) and in another it says 'officers reported people drinking beyond the barriers of the event, with lots of empty glass bottles littering the area'."
They added that their dedicated festival staff spent many hours sweeping up cans and bottles they claims were bought from Tesco, questioning why the supermarket was not being held accountable for any litter.
Facebook co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in a post on their social media network that while they once questioned their Jewish upbringing, they now believe that “religion is very important.”
The post came after they wished their followers a “Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah” on December 25, according to reports over the weekend.
A commentor, however, questioned the Facebook CEO's Christmas and Hanukkah wishes asking, “Aren't you an atheist?” To this, Zuckerberg asserted that they went through a phase. “No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important,” they wrote.
On a trip to the Vatican last summer, the 32-year-old along with wife Priscilla Chan, met Pope Francis to discuss technology's part in helping the world's poor. They said they admired the Pope's compassion.
The Facebook CEO, whose wife is a Buddhist, has previously shown interest in Buddhism when they visited Wild Goose Pagoda in XI'an, and offered prayers for peace and health for the world and their family. In a post on Facebook , they said they wanted to learn more about the faith.
Vinay Tendulkar, president of BJP's Goa unit. Photo: Twitter
Mumbai: Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) Goa unit chief and Rajya Sabha MP Vinay Tendulkar says their party's coalition government in the coastal state is stable in the absence of chief minister Manohar Parrikar, who is in the US for medical treatment. Tendulkar said in a phone interview that the state would “have to pass through a phase of uncertainty for three to four weeks when Parrikar is away, but normalcy would return after that”. Edited excerpts:
There is a perceptible air of political uncertainty in Goa due to Parrikar's illness and absence from the state. As the leading partner of the ruling coalition, isn't the BJP worried?
We are not worried about the stability of our government. Everyday, there is some speculation that the government will fall but let me assure the people of Goa that this government is stable. Yes; there currently is a phase of uncertainty and Goa will have to pass through this phase for three to four weeks. Things will return to normalcy after that. But the government, even in this current state, is stable. See, Parrikar is the tallest leader in Goa and there is no one who can match up to their stature and presence in Goa's society and politics. When such a person is temporarily away from active politics, there is bound to be some impact. Once they return to Goa after their treatment, things will get back to normal.
But hasn't the governance been affected due to the chief minister's prolonged absence? Especially on the issue of the impending ban on the iron ore mining as per the Supreme Court order?
Look, the chief minister is away, but they have formed a committee of three senior ministers including two from our allies to run the day-to-day affairs of government. This committee has been delegated some financial powers also. We are all doing whatever we can to resolve the mining issue and today, all three Goa BJP MPs including myself met our party president Amit Shah. We have informed Amit Shah about the concerns in Goa about government affairs and we also requested them to send senior leader and Goa in-charge Nitin Gadkari to Goa to hold a meeting on all these issues including mining. The party president has assured us of support and solution to the mining issue.
The BJP has fewer legislators in Goa (14) as compared to the Congress, which has 16. In recent days, some BJP legislators as well as your allies like Maharashtravadi Gomantak Party (MGP) and Goa Forward Party (GFP) have spoken about political uncertainty. Do you think the Congress could exploit this situation or your allies could chart a different course?
I do not think so. You must remember that the MGP and GFP decided to lend their support and join the government only if Parrikar is made chief minister. They have clarified themselves that they will stay with Parrikar. They have assured us of their support and I don't think they will waver in their commitment in this hour. There is a difference between speculation and reality. Reality is that the allies are with us.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Bristol mum is begging for their two-year-old son to have a normal chance at life, after being told it is too expensive for them to continue getting a drug which lets them move normally.
Little Jenson suffers from a 1 in 20,000 genetic illness called XLH. This is chronically debilitating and deforming illness meant they were facing a lifetime of painful surgeries and bullying from others because of their appearance.
That was until they were part of a drug trial exploring a new treatment. The drug stopped them from hurting and gave Jenson a new lease on life – but it would cost the NHS between £77k and £388k a year for them to keep having it.
Jenson's mum Stacey-marie Phillips, who also suffers from XLH, feels they now face having their future taken away when the drugs trial finishes in October - as NHS drug-testing body NICE says it is too expensive to offer as a treatment to Jenson and other children like him.
(Image: Stacey-marie Phillips)
The trials began about three months ago as part of NICE testing of new drug Burosumab. The results were life-changing for little Jenson – Stacey said the new treatment meant their son could walk and play like any other child their age.
But now Stacey, who lives in Knowle with their young family, is worried the new drug will be taken away. If it is, it will leave their two-year-old son in terrible pain and open to the bullying that Stacey themselves suffered growing up.
The disease is so rare the Stacey hadn't met anyone else who had experienced what they had been through until the start of the trials.
“I thought I was the only one who had it growing up,” they said.
“When I had my son I thought we were the rare two who have this. It wasn't until this trial we met other families (who have it too).
“It was lovely, it was the first time we'd met anyone like us. I was lovely to have someone say ‘I know how you feel' and know they meant it.”
Stacey says they don't want their son to have to battle XLH as they grow up in the same way they did.
“It means our bodies find it hard to lock in calcium and phosphates,” they explained.
“You get bowed legs and you walk with a waddle, you look like you're pregnant. It's very noticeable, no matter what you do. You cant hide it, it really affects your confidence.
“I don't like walking past people – I'll stay seated for hours, even if I'm in discomfort, to avoid walking in front of people.
“The (standard) medication is absolutely disgusting – I used to fight and fight with my parents to get me to take it.”
What is XLH? There are around 250 children and young people with XLH in England. It is an inherited genetic disorder which causes low levels of phosphate in the blood. This in turn leads to soft, weak bones. In layperson's terms the disease is a form of rickets that cannot be treated in the usual way, with vitamin D, because the sufferers body cannot absorb it properly. Children with the condition usually have bowed or bent legs, short stature, bone pain and delayed walking, and may also have dental problems and hearing loss. Adults with XLH have symptoms including bone pain and fractures, joint stiffness, restricted movement, muscle weakness and fatigue. Current treatment of XLH mainly consists of vitamin D supplementation and oral phosphate and is aimed at improving growth, lessening the severity of symptoms and preventing skeletal abnormalities.
'Now Jenson is loving life'
The new treatment Jenson has been taking comes in the form of an injection, and Stacey says it's working wonders.
“He's running, walking, playing and hanging out with other children their own age,” they said.
“He's not waking up stiff in the mornings. They no longer has to sit and take half the day until they feel like they can move.
“Now he's running around in the mornings, he's loving life – he's even grown taller.”
Stacey said one symptom of XLH was limited growth.
“I'm 29 and I'm four-foot-eleven,” they said.
This is just one of the long-term effects of growing up with XLH that Stacey says Jenson could avoid if they stay on Burosumab.
Drug-testing body won't recommend NHS pay for treatment
The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) has said it won't recommend the NHS pays for Burosumab.
NICE estimates the annual cost of Burosumab ranges from £77,792 for someone aged one to five, and up to £388,960 for a 16-17-year-old (up to 60kg).
Stacey said: “I'm scared we wont get the Burosumab after this trial stops because it costs too much, I'm worried about how It's going to affect not only my son but the other kids on the trial,” they explained.
“How can they put a price on our children's health?”
NICE admitted the evidence from the clinical trial suggests Burosumab is more clinically effective than conventional therapy and provides clinical benefits in children aged between one and 12 years.
However, it said the evidence was “limited and uncertain”. The NICE committee recognised there may be some lifelong benefits from Burosumab, because it can prevent irreversible bone damage, but the long-term consequences of disease progression (which Burosumab may not affect) are uncertain.
“Taking into account the most plausible assumptions in the economic model, the committee concluded that the most likely cost-effectiveness estimates are much higher than would normally be considered value for money for highly-specialised technologies,” said a NICE spokesperson in a statement.
(Image: Stacey-marie Phillips)
Stacey said they are sharing their story to try to raise awareness and they are worried because their and Jenson's condition is so rare they could be forced to return to their former painful life of limited movement and disrupted development.
Stacey said they had suffered growing up, not just from the pain caused by XLH but also the bullying of other people who didn't understand them condition.
“That's something I don't want to see for Jenson,” Stacey said.
“I have no self-confidence at all.
“At the moment he's so confident and so happy. I want them to stay that way. Not to grow up with people thinking he's different because of their disability.”
NICE is currently running a consultation on its draft recommendation not to fund Burosumab on the NHS. Closing date for comments is July 6, 2018.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A sip of lemonade cost a man 22 months in jail.
Police found Mohamed Osman's DNA on the bottle of soft drink, which tied them to a burglary in Bristol.
It transpired Osman broke into the flats where people were sleeping just hours before they were due to be sentenced by magistrates for sexual assault.
The 31-year-old, of Lawfords Gate in Lawford Street, pleaded guilty to burglary and possessing a knife.
(Image: Google Maps)
Judge Mark Horton told him: “Courts in this country always regard such offences extremely seriously.
“It is an offence against the person. The reason is those people asleep have had a long-standing belief that their home is their castle.
“They feel safe, they feel a defence against intrusion, they feel it is their safest refuge in life.
“When they find a drunken man burgling their property, in possession of drink and a knife, that causes the most horrific shock and fear from which some never recover.”
Philip Warren, prosecuting, said householder Nicholas Sheward was woken up by the noise of someone in the premises.
Bristol Crown Court heard they found Osman in the hallway, with a knife in one hand and a bottle of Tequila in the other.
Osman then told him: “I've been upstairs smoking weed. I'm not going to steal from you.”
When Mr Sheward asked the intruder why they had the bottle and knife, Osman said the knife was for protection before leaving.
It transpired Osman had taken the bottle and knife from Mr Sheward's kitchen, where they had drank from a bottle of lemonade.
Osman also broke into Sam Barber's upstairs flat and stole a laptop computer worth £300 and an iPad, the court heard.
After the 5am burglary Osman appeared before magistrates and was handed a suspended sentence for sexually assaulting a woman.
When arrested they told police they had been drunk and homeless and the door to the premises was open.
Tabitha Macfarlane, defending, said: “He says they were drinking too much.
“As a result their wife kicked them out. They lost their job, they lost somewhere to live.
“He is really, really sorry. They says ‘I want to be a family man and look after my children.”
Greenwich Borough started 2017 in the same manner they ended 2016, hitting five in an emphatic away victory.
Gary Alexander's men travelled down to Sittingbourne, looking for revenge following a disappointing 3-1 defeat at home in August.
The away side were unchanged following their brilliant 5-0 win over East Grinstead on New Year's Eve as they played their second game in three days, while their opponents Sittingbourne made just the one change as ex-Borough player Hassan Jalloh came into the starting 11.
Borough got off to a perfect start with the division's top scorer Billy Dunn driving home an effort from the left edge of the area when Tom Carr stuck out a leg and deflected it into their own goal in the seventh minute.
The rest of the first half was fairly comfortable for the away sid. Mohamed Eisa capped it off when their turn of pace broke them through the Sittingbourne back-line before slotting home, sending Greenwich into the half-time break with a two-goal lead.
They continued their dominance in the second-half when central defender Liam Hickey got their second goal in as many games after Robert Denness' header clattered against the woodwork and fell into their path.
Eisa got their second goal of the game in the 67th minute when Charlie MacDonald's incisive pass sent the striker through and they calmly rounded the keeper to pass into an empty net.
Robert Denness was granted their reward as they claimed their 16th goal of the season. Billy Dunn's pinpoint pass sliced open the Sittingbourne defence and allowed Denness to slide home past the onrushing goalkeeper.
The Sittingbourne fans did eventually have something to cheer about as they claimed a consolation goal in the 79th minute – Josh Wisson's corner crept into Craig Holloway's goal.
But the day remained very much Greenwich Borough's as they continue a good run of form which has seen them hit 13 goals in only three matches.
LOS ANGELES (AP) - A Los Angeles company accused of selling jewelry for children that contained dangerous levels of toxic lead and cadmium has been fined $1.6 million.
State officials on Tuesday said a judge approved the judgment this month against Luxy Accessory and its owner, Hyun Sook Kim.
The Department of Toxic Substances says one pendant was found to be 80 percent lead and some items were labeled "lead free."
The company has no working phone number and couldn't be reached Tuesday.
Luxy was one of several companies sued by the state attorney general's office six years ago for selling tainted jewelry.
Authorities say repeated inspections showed Luxy continued to sell tainted jewelry until it was quarantined last year.
“So international students come with an idea that they have a budget, that for four years they're good to go, but the thing is every year it changes.”
Hammami said international students struggle to have a social life or take on leadership opportunities because of the higher costs, and that being unable to afford groceries has affected their physical and mental health.
Being in an unfamiliar country on top of that adds to the challenges.
“You have to make friends, have to have a new support system, to build your life from scratch again. It's really difficult for an international student to do that,” they said. “If there's a language barrier, if you don't know anyone, you don't have any support.”
Council of Alberta University Students Chair Reed Larsen said food bank usage among international students went up 30 per cent the last time tuition jumped three per cent at the U of A.
The council is calling for several changes, including an immediate freeze on tuition for international undergraduate students.
While the province has frozen tuition for domestic students two years in a row, Larsen said they are “out of patience” when it comes to waiting for the Alberta government's fee review that promises a long-term, predictable funding model.
Advanced Education Minister Marlin Schmidt has said the review is coming in Spring 2018.
“At this point, it's quite ridiculous,” Larsen said.
“I personally know international students who go hungry every day because they can't afford, or can't realistically plan for the cost of their education.”
Schmidt said in an e-mailed statement that they thank the council for its advocacy on behalf of students and the province prides itself on being inclusive.
"Encouraging bright and inquisitive minds from across Alberta, Canada, and around the globe to study in Alberta enriches our province," they said. "Costs to attend these institutions shouldn't be a barrier to a good education, and we are working with institutions to ensure greater access to affordable high-quality education."
Metro
An 8-year-old boy is the owner of a brand new mountain bike, thanks to a special nomination from their classmate's mom.
Peyton Duncan, of Clare, and their family had no idea Jennifer Owens nominated them for the Barberi Law's Bikes for Kids program
Owens' son Corbin is autistic and in Peyton's class. They have been friends since they were in preschool, Peyton said.
“He takes them on sensory breaks and helps reassure and calm them down when things get overwhelming,” Owens wrote in their nomination. “He often talks about how much they love to help Corbin and hopes they will continue to be in the same class. Did I mention this is an 8-year-old ‘popular' boy that has helped Corbin be accepted by their peers that may not otherwise care? Peyton has a heart of gold and deserves recognition.”
Peyton said they just likes helping people.
"It makes me feel warm in the heart," they said. "If you help people, they will do good stuff for you and be nice to you for the rest of your life."
Peyton's mom Danielle said their son has "always been kind of an old soul."
The program will give away eight more bikes this summer. You can nominate a kid here.
The program looks to honor kids who make a positive impact in their community, school or family.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
The sharp rise in the global price of crude oil has been one of the key risks to Indian macro stability. Economists, policymakers and bond market traders have been worried that higher energy prices could send inflation further away from the target while the current account deficit would expand.
These are legitimate fears. The recent drop in crude oil prices—below $60 for a barrel of Brent this week—is thus a reason to let out a sigh of relief.
The key issue is whether the decline is because of lower demand or higher supply. And whether it is merely a pause in the recent rally.
Lower energy demand means global economic recovery is stalling. Higher supplies mean the challenge to the global oil cartel from US shale remains a potent force.
Many energy analysts believe the recent decline in crude oil prices is driven by new supply expected this year.
If they are right, India can get some welcome breathing space on the inflation and balance of payments fronts.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A raped former prostitute, a fastidious brothel madam and a drunken punter have lifted the lid on the darker side of the sex trade in Manchester.
From a brothel run out of a terraced house on a backstreet to white collar customers seeking a thrill, the stories tell a tale of a world few people get to see.
While workers are said to earn as much £200 a day at a brothel, a street worker may earn as little as £30 a session working in more dangerous conditions, the Manchester Evening News reveals.
As part of a series on sex for sale in the city, the trio have spoken about life in the sex trade.
The brothel owner
As the manager of a Manchester massage parlour, Debbie runs a tight ship insisting on cleanliness and professionalism.
The immaculately clean ‘therapy centre' is run from an innocuous-looking terraced house off a main road.
Bottles of hand sanitiser and Glade plug-ins are scattered throughout the rooms, which are equipped with sturdy sleigh beds and decorated with framed art and flowers.
(Image: Getty)
Women rent rooms, pay their own tax and insurance and charge a set amount for 15 minute, 30 minute or hour long sessions.
Clients are mainly white collar workers. Some are lonely. The oldest is aged in their nineties.
Trained masseur and mum Debbie, now aged in their fifties, works with a variety of women including ‘mature' ladies, the Manchester Evening News reports.
The industry, they say, has changed dramatically since they first started work back in the nineties.
While it used to be common for men to ask for a ‘girlfriend experience', with kissing and cuddling, tastes and expectations have changed.
“There are some good places, like mine. But a lot are badly run.
“A lot of places are just one bedroom, a blacked out window and a back door. They are dark, dingy and seedy. My place is nothing like that.
“If a parlour is owned by a man they don't respect the girls. The women are expected to do anything for money and they are treated like pieces of meat.
“In parlours owned by women - who are usually ex working girls themselves - the girls are treated far better.
“My place is equipped with fire escapes, fire extinguishers, security cameras and panic buttons.
“It's important that both the clients and the women who work there feel safe at all times.
“I only ever have two ladies working here at a time because more than two is a brothel and I don't break the law. I'm licensed, I pay my taxes and I have insurance. We offer sex therapy here.
“My children all have professional jobs. They know about my work.
(Image: Getty)
“They know what I do and know it's my choice. Because of it they enjoyed a lifestyle other children don't have.
“When I started I was determined to make a place that was safe, secure and clean and as I got my money I made the place better.
“Most of our clients are older themselves and they don't want to see people the same age as their own children and grandchildren.
“Mature ladies are very experienced so they can give the clients what they want. This gives them a safe and secure environment to work from.
“A lot of ladies come into the industry later in life. Their children have left home and they don't have much money.”
“There are certain things we won't do. And we always use condoms. But other things are being offered in other places as standard for around £40.
“The ladies don't have to see anyone they don't want to.
“We have panic buttons in the rooms but we have never needed them because the men are not drug or drink fuelled. We have a no alcohol and no drug policy.
(Image: Getty)
“I run a very clean place and I believe this should be the standard everywhere.
“But there are a lot of places in Manchester that are drug and alcohol fuelled and dirty where money is the priority.”
“The girls can earn as much as £200 a day.
“I have known people who are highly qualified that do it for some extra cash. One woman was a nurse, another a dentist, another a teacher. They could earn more doing this than they could as even a junior doctor.
“Prostitution and brothels should be legalised to make the industry safer. It would make sure the girls are not spreading disease, not living in fear or being pimped out. It would ensure their safety.
“Many people use some part of their body to make money. Artists, writers and surgeons use their hands. Some people are beautiful and are models. Some people are athletes and use their legs.
“All these women are doing are using another part of their body to make money.”
The man who used a prostitute
Why would anyone pay for sex?
(Image: Photolibrary RM)
Dave, not their real name, visited a massage parlour with a group of friends, all aged in their twenties, during a ‘drunken night out'.
“I went to a massage parlour in south Manchester. It was chosen as it was the only one I was aware of and it was relatively local.
“It was a compulsive decision made between myself and a group of friends after we had been on a night out.
“When we got there we were greeted by a hostess who asked us what it was we were interested in that night. After a brief chat we were introduced to the women who were working that night, we were told their names before they were then led out of the room. We were then asked which woman we would like to be with and the cost, £50 for 30 minutes.
“There was just myself and three of my friends there during our visit.
“The room was fairly basic, there was a bed with a shower room.
“As far as I can recall the woman I was with was European. They were in control the entire time but did ask what it was I wanted to do. If they thought you were doing something they didn't like then they would say but they were also asking if there was anything more I would like them to do.
“All in all I would say it was enjoyable and comfortable, definitely not how I would have imagined it before my experience. It wasn't all that different from the sex I had previously or have had since. It just seemed much more controlled.
“That was the only time I have paid for sex and it is not something I would be interested in doing again.
“Apart from my friends who were with me that night, I only know a handful of people who have paid for sex. It isn't something I would ever lie about if asked but it isn't something I would openly tell people.”
The street prostitute who turned their life around
£30 - it could buy you three cocktails in the Northern Quarter. A new pair of trainers. A couple of new records.
It's also the paltry amount prostitutes earn for having sex with a stranger in Manchester's red-light district.
Working all hours, in all weathers, in some of the most dangerous parts of the city Jodie worked as a prostitute for years before eventually quitting to start a new life.
At their lowest point, then in their mid forties, they were raped and turned to Manchester Action on Street Health (MASH) for help.
(Image: Photolibrary RM)
“I was sad really. I was withdrawing I had pneumonia and I was taken into hospital because I had nowhere to live. Yeah, that's how I met MASH.
“They were there to support women like myself who was out on the streets selling ourselves. It was somewhere like a safe haven.
“While I was on the streets in Manchester I was attacked. I was brutally raped.
“That night I was terrified, I was crying, I blamed myself, I thought it was my fault. I didn't think I had any worth. They saw something in me.
“The women who are on the streets, they are worth something. And it matters. It matters that they get the support to turn their life around.
“Over the years they were kind of like a friend, a huge support that always saw something in me, which I didn't see.
“I might have felt it at the odd flicker but they always saw it and they never judged me, they never asked too much of me they always asked for whatever I could give and they worked with that.”
With the help of MASH Jodie was taken into rehab. During that time their only visitor was one of the charity's caseworkers, Louise Sandwith.
“She was the only visitor I had. I had no visitors within four weeks, only somebody from MASH.
“And then when I went into rehab the first person who come to see me was Louise from MASH.
“I appreciated everything they did for me and I still do.”
Jodie no longer works in the sex trade.  They are now a full-time student and advocate for women's support services. They also help MASH staff to train police officers about dealing with sex workers.
 They are a success story. But there hundreds of others like them that need help.
This 3 port USB 3.0 hub converts any 9.5mm & 7mm 2.5-Inch SATA HDD/SSD into an external hard drive for ultimate mobility and convenience. setup is tool free and easy to install and disassemble. The built-in foam pad protects hard disk effectively. This device features automatic sleep and spin-down and goes into sleep mode automatically after 10 minutes in idle state.
Currently receiving 4.5 out of 5 stars on Amazon (read reviews) and is discount by 50%, down to just $20.99, Check out purchasing options on Amazon now.
This story, "50% off Inateck 3 Port USB 3.0 Hub with 2.5 Inch USB 3.0 Hard Drive Disk External Enclosure Case for 9.5mm 7mm 2.5 Inch SATA HDD SSD - Deal Alert" was originally published by TechConnect.
GUADALAJARA, Mexico — David Vidal hit the go-ahead double during a three-run rally in the eighth inning, and reigning champion Puerto Rico beat Mexico 7-4 on Friday night to get their first win in the Caribbean Series.
Vidal had two hits with two RBIs for the Criollos de Caguas, who are trying to win their fifth title in the Series and 16th for Puerto Rico.
The Culiacan Tomateros will try to bounce back Saturday when they take on Cuba*s Alazanes de Granma.
Lazaro Blanco pitched six strong innings, Yurisbel Gracial had three RBIs and the Cubans started the Series with a 6-4 win over Venezuela.
Blanco (1-0) took the win after allowing five hits and two runs with five strikeouts. Raidel Martinez got the save.
Cuba reached the semifinals last year and is looking for its ninth championship in the Caribbean Series.
The win came with a price for the Granma Alazanes because Alfredo Despaigne, one of their top players, hurt their left leg and is questionable for the second game.
In the Caribbean Series, five teams play against each other in the first round and the top four advance to the semifinals.
Former U.S. President Bill Clinton was on hand for the opening ceremony, and the first pitch was thrown by Mexican boxer Saul Canelo Alvarez.
By The Associated Press
A few speed bumps remain before we see our weather turn a favorable corner on Tuesday! As always, keep up to date with the latest 7-Day Forecast.
Overnight
Showers and a few stray rumbles trailing behind the main swath from Monday evening will make their exit from Michigan as we head into the overnight period. Partly to mostly cloudy skies will be left behind, but that won't exactly mean we're getting off scott-free.
Leftover moisture from the earlier rain, combined with diminishing winds and cooling temperatures will lead to scattered pockets of fog. Some of it could be dense and lead to rapid reduction in visibility, so remain alert in your overnight or early-morning travels. Adding to the road hazards will be returning showers and a few possible thunderstorms just in time for the morning commute. Lows will slip to the upper 50s and low 60s.
Tuesday
Showers and thunderstorms are possible early in the morning, but the rain will exit in time for the afternoon. After the rain passes, expect partly cloudy skies the rest of the day. Highs will top out in the upper 70s to near 80 with winds out of the northeast at 5 to 10 mph.
Wednesday
High pressure takes over for Wednesday. This will lead to party cloudy skies across Mid-Michigan. You'll want to enjoy it because Thursday won't be such a great day. Highs on Wednesday will top out around 80 degrees.
Thursday
Thursday is shaping up to be gray, gloomy, and rainy. A low pressure will bring widespread rain to Mid-Michigan. This rain will be a welcome sight for some folks with how dry it has been recently. On the other hand, the humidity will be high so it will feel rather sticky. Highs will be right around 80, into the low 80s.
The Weekend
Scattered showers will linger into early Friday and while it will dry out, a chance for spotty showers will pop up once again on Saturday. Neither day will be a washout, but keep the umbrella handy on both days. Sunday will be dry and comfortable with a mix of sun and clouds. Highs on all three days will be in the upper 70s to near 80.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
America's Cup - Emirates Team NZ on the water in Bermuda
Bermuda - venue for the 35th America's Cup . .. Bermuda - venue for the 35th America's Cup . ..
by Emirates Team on 17 AprYesterday some of the new arrivals ventured out on Bermuda's Great Sound for a look at the venue and sailing water.Ray Davies: 'On a day like today, it's as good as it gets. Perfectly flat water, not a cloud in the sky, 12- 14 knots ... It's a glamour!'The length of the Great Sound is approximately the same as the inner Waitemata Harbour (from the Harbour Bridge to North Head and about as wide but not free from headlands. The sailing area is a lagoon formed by a limestone archipelago 650nm out into the Atlantic Ocean. During the Ice Age the whole are was above water and formed a single island, now it comprises a zone of over 180 islands.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/153105
OTTAWA — Former prime minister Stephen Harper and one of their senior aides are now publicly admitting they were aware a Conservative MP had been accused of sexual assault but let them remain on the ballot in the 2015 election.
In a statement late Friday night, Harper said their understanding of the matter involving Rick Dykstra was that the case had been investigated by the police and closed a year prior.
"Given this understanding of the situation, I did not believe that I could justify removing them as a candidate," Harper said in a statement posted on Twitter late Friday after days of questions about what they and other party officials knew and when.
The allegations concern a 2014 incident involving Dykstra, who was then a Conservative member of Parliament, and a staff member on Parliament Hill. They were reported in Maclean's magazine earlier this week.
They have not been tested in court nor independently confirmed by The Canadian Press and Dykstra has denied them, though they stepped down as president of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party after they were made public.
Harper's former chief of staff, Ray Novak, said what the campaign knew in 2015 was that police had investigated a complaint against Dykstra and the investigation was closed.
The party's lawyer looked into the issue, but "unfortunately the facts available at the time were few," Novak said in a statement.
Still, that Dykstra was able to remain on the ballot when other candidates were let go for seemingly lesser infractions — one, for example, for being caught on video years prior urinating into a cup — caused much consternation in the party's rank-and-file this week.
Several MPs called for the party to clear up what had happened after differing accounts from campaign staff and executives emerged in the media, largely on an anonymous basis.
Novak said the matter wasn't taken lightly by anyone involved, and hinged on whether a closed investigation without charges was sufficient grounds for firing.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering six-year-old Alesha MacPhail, Police Scotland has confirmed.
The suspect's age has not been revealed and no further details about the arrest have been made public.
Despite what the police have called a "major development", the force is still urging anyone with information to come forward.
Alesha was reported missing from their grandmother's home in Rothesay on the Isle of Bute at 6.25am on Monday.
Them body was found in woodland on the site of a former hotel by a member of the public around two-and-a-half hours later at 9am.
Following the results of a post-mortem examination on Tuesday, police confirmed they are treating the schoolgirl's death as murder.
(Image: Daily Record)
(Image: Daily Record)
Islanders have been warned to be vigilant about the safety of their children and the security of their homes as investigations continue.
There was increased police activity at the property where Alesha had been staying this morning.
More than a dozen officers entered the garden of the property with long sticks to search the gardens and bushes surrounding the building.
A Police Scotland spokesperson confirmed a number of items, including a vehicle, have been recovered as part of the investigation.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The senior investigating officer, Detective Superintendent Stuart Houston, said: "The response to our earlier public appeals has been significant.
"However, despite this evening's major development, I am still appealing for anyone who was in the Ardbeg Road area of Bute on Sunday night or in the early hours of Monday and who may have information about Alesha's death to contact us.
"Anyone who has CCTV at their home or business, or indeed any motorists with dashcam footage which might help with our investigation are also urged to get in touch."
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Alesha's death was said to have impacted all those living in the "tight-knit community".
Councillor Len Scoullar said: "Everyone is very shocked, very sympathetic and concerned.
"We will all be offering our very sincere condolences to the family.
"We are a very small island community, people are genuinely grieving for the family."
While the Sensex lost 3.33% year to date, BSE 100 index and BSE 500 index shed 5.11% and 6.01%, respectively. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Mumbai: The market has been ruthless to investors across the board in 2018, with around 70-80% of listed shares losing value. Yet, valuations of most stocks are still high, except in specific sectors and stocks.
While 23 stocks that make up close to 77% of BSE Sensex's 30 shares lost value since the beginning of the year, 84 out of the 100 stocks in BSE 100 index declined in this period. Meanwhile, the broad-based BSE 500 index saw 409 stocks or 81.8% declining in the same period. (Tata Motors Ltd's differential voting rights shares were excluded as they declined in tandem with the main scrip.)
“It is not surprising. The erosion has happened across the board, irrespective of market value. Valuations were stretched across market caps,” said Gautam Chhaochharia, head of research at UBS Securities India Pvt. Ltd.
While the Sensex lost 3.33% year to date, BSE 100 index and BSE 500 index shed 5.11% and 6.01%, respectively.
Eighty-three stocks or 82.10% of 101 BSE mid-cap stocks, and 743 or 86.10% of 863 BSE small-cap stocks too have declined, year to date.
“There is selective value in specific stocks, but broad value is missing. On paper, SOE (state-owned enterprises) banks may look cheap, but we don't think so yet, looking at the bigger problems faced by the sector,” added Chhaochharia.
Sensex trades at 17.43 times 1-year forward earnings, at a premium of 10.91% over its 5-year average of 15.72 times, and 16.54% over its 10-year average of 14.96 times.
While analysts expect earnings growth to turn around, it has been difficult to pin down a timeline with certainty for the same. With uncertainty still looming, the prices look stretched.
JBF Industries Ltd lost the most in BSE 500, down 49.22% in 2018, Punjab National Bank (PNB), the next in line, fell 43.76% in 2018 after the surfacing of a Rs12,636 crore scam involving fraudulent issue of letters of undertaking (LoUs) and letters of credit (LCs) towards companies owned by jeweller Nirav Modi and their uncle Mehul Choksi.
“The PNB fraud has forced bank stocks to come down, and that forced funds to offload large-cap stocks to make up for the sharp decline in banking pack,” said Deven Choksey, group managing director, KR Choksey Investment Managers Pvt. Ltd.
They added that due to the sharp drop in the value of mid-caps held by institutional investors, they ended up making for the loss by selling large-caps. “This, in turn pulled the large caps down too,” said Choksey.
Choksey, however, was positive on the overall outlook of the market.
“The fundamentals remain strong, even as some macro headwinds are there. However, we believe corporate earnings outlook is stronger than before, and there are stocks that look attractive,” said Choksey.
“Commercial vehicle space, electrical goods & equipment makers, and housing finance, insurance look convincing at this point after the sell-off. There are select IT and pharma stocks that have become attractive too,” added Choksey.
Aloha Classic – Competition called on
Kai Lenny is just one of the riders ready to do battle tomorrow – Aloha Classic Si Crowther / IWT Kai Lenny is just one of the riders ready to do battle tomorrow – Aloha Classic Si Crowther / IWT
by IWT on 1 Nov 2017Riders will head to the beach for a 10am skippers meeting, with a first possible start for the pro men and women of 11am and the next call for all other fleets at 11am. With lots of competition to run it is important to get the heats rolling, giving all fleets the opportunity to compete.The tour has progressed a great deal over the years, from AWT to IWT – providing competition for all levels of riders in some of the best windsurfing locations around the world. We are proud to run such a fantastic tour and provide our riders with a high level of competition and now, as an added bonus, some of the IWT events have been sanctioned as PWA qualifiers (the Aloha Classic this year and Morocco next year), giving riders with the aspiration of moving across to the PWA the opportunity to do just this.
We caught up with Duncan today to discuss this a little more…
“This is the first year we are seeing some IWT events used as qualifiers for the PWA and I think it should work really well, especially as we have a starboard tack, down-the-line event coming up in Portugal in 2018; it gives riders the opportunity to qualify into a similar event on the PWA tour.
“Both Hawaii this year and Morocco next year will be used as qualifiers for the PWA tour and they will give lower or un-ranked riders the opportunity to gain recognition and potentially a spot straight into the PWA. I think this is a really positive step and something we have wanted to do for a while, but we didn't really have the right canvas until now.
“We have previously looked at using other events and tours as qualifiers, but we needed to make sure that the events were up to a certain standard which we believe, with myself as a PWA representative at the events too, that the IWT events will be.
“A sailor rep will be appointed by the PWA and they will have the final say on how and where the top, previously unranked, riders from the qualifiers will then compete. They may earn a place into the PWA trials, or they could even earn a spot straight into the PWA main event – it is a work in progress at the moment and will depend on the performance and level shown.”
Whilst the PWA and IWT are different tours, with different focuses, we look forward to being able to progress windsurfing competition together and give even more riders the chance to compete on whatever stage they wish.
Good luck to all the riders competing tomorrow, we will see you at the beach bright and early for a 10am skippers meeting!
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/158466
TORONTO — Mitel Networks Corp. stock jumped nearly 10 per cent to a multi-year high Tuesday after it announced that its board is recommending a friendly privatization offer by an investor group led by Searchlight Capital Partners.
Shares of the Ottawa-based company, which makes communication equipment for offices and call centres, closed at US$11.12 at the Nasdaq stock market and C$14.29 in Toronto, up $1.25 or 9.6 per cent from Monday's close.
Combined with assumed debt, the Searchlight offer of US$11.15 per share cash would value the company at about C$2.6 billion.
Mitel chief executive Rich McBee said in an interview Tuesday that Searchlight would leave the company intact and support it through a period of transition from one business model to another.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
ANDY MATSKO/STAFF PHOTO Marian's Jarod Paisley shoots over Shenandaoh Valley's Joel Santana on Friday, February 3, 2017. ANDY MATSKO/STAFF PHOTO Shenandoah Valley's Isaiah Alvarez, left, and Marian's Brandon Mohammed battle for a rebound during their Schuylkill League Division III game Feb. 3.
HOMETOWN
Marian had plenty of questions that needed to be answered when this boys' basketball season started.
Such as replacing four starters and finding somebody to step up on the offensive end.
There may have been some questions outside the team, but internally the Colts were feeling good.
“We were pretty confident,” senior Brandon Mohammed said. “A lot of people doubted us. But we got the job done.”
Indeed the Colts did, and nobody is doubting them anymore.
After a six-year absence, Marian (19-3, 12-1 D-III), the Division III champion, is back in the Comprehensive Women's Health Services Schuylkill League Boys' Basketball Championships and takes on Division I co-champ Blue Mountain (17-5, 13-1 D-I) in the first semifinal at 6 tonight at Martz Hall. The second semifinal has Division I co-champ Pottsville (17-5, 13-1 D-I) facing Division II champion Lourdes (17-5, 11-2 D-II) at 7:30.
For Marian seniors such as Mohammed and Jarod Paisley, the appearance in tonight's league semifinals has been a long time coming. The Colts are making their first trip to the league playoffs since 2011 and have gone a combined 31-39 the past three years, including back-to-back 11-12 campaigns.
“It's a great feeling,” Paisley said. “We've been in this position in four years. We put a lot of hard work in the past couple of years. We had a couple of rough seasons, but this season we turned it around. We are playing good and excited about the challenge ahead.”
It will be a challenge.
Prior to Mahanoy Area's back-to-back appearances in the championship game in 2013 and 2014 — including a title in 2014 — Marian was the last small-school team to play for a league title. The Colts lost to Pottsville 49-25 in the championship game in 2010.
Like Marian, Lourdes is ending a long league playoff drought tonight as the Red Raiders are making their first appearance in the league playoffs since 2012. Lourdes, however, was the preseason favorite in Division II. Marian was not in Division III. The team to beat was Shenandoah Valley, the defending division champion. The Blue Devils were coming off a run to the PIAA A quarterfinal and were returning three starters.
But Marian has emerged not only as the division's best team but also one of the best in Pennsylvania after the Colts moved up to sixth in Class AA in most recent City of Basketball Love State Rankings.
The biggest turnaround statistically has come on the offensive end. The Colts finished 12th in the league in scoring average last year at 48.5 points per game. This year Marian is second in the league at 59.5.
Mohammed has led the way. The 6-foot-5 forward battled through knee and ankle injures last season and averaged nine points per game in 17 games. This year, Mohammed has become a force in the paint and is averaging 16.6 points per game. He's also been healthy almost the entire year — they missed last Friday's regular-season finale against Panther Valley, a 66-62 Colts win, with an injury — but is expected to start tonight.
“I think my shot percentage got a lot better,” Mohammed said. “I went through injuries last year and that kind of messed me up. This year I was able to stay healthy and keep going.”
Mohammed hasn't been the sole reason for the turnaround.
In addition to Mohammed, Marian has five other players who are averaging 5.0 or more points per game this season. Freshman Tyler Fritz (11.1 ppg., 53 3-pointers) has emerged as Colts' main outside threat, while Ryan Karchner (7.4 ppg.), Noah Stauffer (7.1) and DJ Mummey (5.5) have all stepped up offensively at points during the season.
Perhaps the biggest reason for the turnaround has been the work and cohesiveness developed during the offseason. For the most part, Marian's top 7-8 players have worked out together since last spring. That also allowed Marian to find its 7-8 main players a lot quicker than last year when the Colts played 10 or more on some nights as they struggled to find the right combination of players.
“We do feel like a family,” Paisley said. “We share the ball offensively and play together on defense. We talk a lot more, better communication. Just unselfishness on offense. Nobody really cares how much they score, it's just wins at the end of the day.”
Marian lost its season opener this year to Lehighton 47-41 on Dec. 12 but then rattled off 10 consecutive victories. That included back-to-back home wins over Shenandoah Valley 52-46 on Jan. 3 and Mahanoy 70-57 in overtime on Jan. 6 to take over first place in the division.
“Those were both thrilling games,” Paisley said. “Those really felt like playoff atmospheres and to come out with wins in those settings was really big for us. We felt like if we could beat them we could go further and win the division,” Paisley said.
The Colts proved that the first win over Shenandoah Valley wasn't a fluke after they beat the Blue Devils 56-51 on Feb. 3 to clinch the division title, part of an eight-game winning streak. Marian's only division loss this season was to Mahanoy Area 53-52 on Feb. 7, but the division title had already been wrapped up.
The Colts can now get to see what they do tonight against the Eagles, who are making their second consecutive trip to the league playoffs. Blue Mountain reached last year's title game and lost to Pottsville 65-47. The experience factor is on the side of the Eagles.
Win or lose tonight, Marian will be the top seed for the upcoming District 11 Class AA playoffs.
“It means a lot,” Mohammed said about making the league playoffs. “We worked hard to get here. It is going to be real fun to see how we do and hopefully we will get the win.”
Schuylkill League Boys' Basketball
Semifinal Preview Capsules
When: Tonight, 6 and 7:30 p.m.
Where: Martz Hall, Pottsville
Tickets: Advance tickets cost $5 for adults and $3 for students and senior citizens (age 62 and over) and are being sold at all participating schools. All tickets will cost $5 at the door.
Radio: Both games will be broadcast on WAVT 101.9 FM, Pottsville; and WPPA 1360 AM, Pottsville
Up Next: Winners advance to the championship game Friday at 7:30 p.m. at Martz Hall.
First semifinal
Blue Mountain (17-5) vs. Marian (19-3)
About the Eagles
How they got here: Division I co-champs at 13-1. Seeded as the wild card.
Head coach: Dustin Werdt (14th season)
Previous league playoffs appearances (since 1985): Six (1991, 2003, 2007, 2013, 2014, 2016)
Last appearance in league playoffs: 2016 (lost to Pottsville 65-47 in championship game)
Team statistics: Offense (55.1 points per game), defense (44.5)
Probable starting lineup: G Spencer Welsh (sr., 6-foot-0, 4.1 ppg.), F Brayden Lewis (sr., 5-11, 10.0), F Aaron Albertini (sr., 6-3, 12.8), F Mason Zerbe (sr., 6-4, 13.0), C Jakob Biever (sr., 6-7, 7.8)
Key reserves: C William Hoynoski (sr., 6-4, 2.5); F Bret Caulfield (sr., 6-5, 3.3)
About the Colts
How they got here: Division III champs at 12-1.
Head coach: John Patton (7th season)
Team statistics: Offense (59.5), defense (45.9)
Previous league playoffs appearances (since 1985): 10 (1992, 1994, 1995, 1996, 1997, 1999, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011)
Last appearance in league playoffs: 2011 (lost to Pottsville 49-25 in championship game)
Probable starting lineup: F Brandon Mohammed (sr., 6-5, 16.6), F Ryan Karchner (sr., 6-4, 7.4), G Noah Stauffer (jr., 5-7, 7.1), G Tyler Fritz (fr., 5-10, 11.1), G Anthony Collevechio (sr., 5-10, 3.3) or G Jarod Paisley (sr., 6-1, 6.5)
Key reserves: F Jake Paluck (sr., 6-1, 2.1), G DJ Mummey (sr., 6-2, 5.5)
Second semifinal
Pottsville (17-5) vs. Lourdes (17-5)
About the Crimson Tide
How they got here: Division I co-champs at 13-1. Seeded as division champs.
Head coach: Dave Mullaney (10th season)
Team statistics: Offense (54.2), defense (37.7)
Previous league playoffs appearances (since 1985): 17 (1985, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1992, 1993, 1999, 2000, 2004, 2006, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016)
Last appearance in league playoffs: 2016 (beat Blue Mountain 65-47 in championship game)
Probable starting lineup: G Justin Abdo (sr., 6-0, 8.7), G Eli Wood (jr., 6-1, 4.4), F Alex Pellish (sr., 6-5, 4.5), G Jordan Abdo (sr., 6-0, 17.3), F Ian Renninger (jr., 6-7, 10.1)
Key reserves: G Mason Barnes (fr., 5-10, 5.0), G Josh Melochick (jr., 6-1, 1.7), G Ryan Kondrack (jr., 5-10, 2.1)
About the Red Raiders
How they got here: Division II champs at 11-2
Head coach: James Sandri (1st season)
Team statistics: Offense (54.8), defense (42.0)
Previous league playoffs appearances (since 1985): 12 (1987, 1988, 1989, 1990, 1992, 1993, 1995, 2000, 2001, 2006, 2008, 2012)
Last appearance in league playoffs: 2012 (lost to Pottsville 43-26 in semifinal)
Probable starting lineup: G Michael Padula (sr., 6-1, 6.0), G CJ Reichard (jr., 5-9, 9.5), F Thomas Schultz (soph., 6-4, 21.5), F Ty Klembara (soph., 5-10, 9.4), C Larry Czeponis (jr., 6-4, 7.9),
Key reserve: G Dawson Williams (jr., 6-1, 1.3)
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
The Spaniard shows off their goal-scoring ability
Conte says other teams are trying to unsettle Haz
Did Arsenal not give their all? Arsene Wenger res
Mourinho faces the press before facing old club C
Wenger faces the press after narrow win over Midd
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United's interest in Brazilian midfielder Anderson Talisca could see Juan Mata leave the club.
Reports suggest that the Red Devils are interesting signing the 23-year-old who has impressed on loan at Besiktas from Benfica this season.
And Turkish newspaper Fanatik reports that if Jose Mourinho were to snap up the promising talent, then they could see Mata to Besiktas.
Talisca has a £21million release clause, meaning that the Red Devils are confident of being able to snap them up this summer.
Mata has just one year left on their current deal.
Young issues Premier League warning
(Photo: PA)
Ashley Young has warned the Premier League high-fliers Manchester United are coming to get them.
After smashing Chelsea on Sunday and blowing the title race wide open, the Red Devils skipper for the day insisted that their club still have ambitions to chase the likes of City, Spurs and Liverpool.
Many critics have assumed United will soft peddle in the league to concentrate all their efforts on securing a Champions' League place by winning the Europa League.
But even though Young is confident they will make the semis and become automatic favourites for that competition, they explained that no one at Old Trafford is thinking of anything but a massive Premier League charge on the run in.
Read more from David Maddock here .
Fans call for Herrera to be handed armband
(Photo: John Peters)
Manchester United fans had a day to remember on Sunday.
They beat Premier League rivals - and apparent runaway title winners - Chelsea 2-0 at Old Trafford.
There were a number of stand-out performers from the game, from a Man United perspective that is, and none more so than Ander Herrera.
Not only did the Spaniard make a goal when they played a delightful ball through to Marcus Rashford on nine minutes, but they also hit the back of the moments after the restart to ensure United took all three points from the huge clash.
Read more from Jake Polden here .
Attacked By Alt-Right Trolls, A Jewish Journalist Links Trump To The Rise Of Hate Trump "has made nationalist policy into the policy of the executive branch," says New York Times editor Jonathan Weisman. Their new book, (((Semitism))), is about being Jewish in the Trump era.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the first image of a 'suicidal' driver who 'deliberately' ploughed into a pizza restaurant killing a schoolgirl in France.
The 32-year-old suspect was detained by officers in Sept-Sorts, a village near Paris, after the horrific car rampage on Monday evening.
Police said the man pulled up near Pizzeria Cesena, which was full of families enjoying the summer holidays, before accelerating into the restaurant at speed.
A girl aged around 12-years-old was killed and a three-year-old boy remains critically injured.
At least 12 others were also injured.
Pictures from the pizzeria show chaotic scenes, with the grey BMW buried inside the front of the restaurant - and chairs and tables upturned and metal supports bent out of shape.
Anti-terror offices swarmed the scene following the crash but police and prosecutors later ruled out terrorism as a motive.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: @alijeancorakci/Twitter)
(Image: @HoolaChoup/Twitter)
The man was said to almost certainly be on drugs and had attempted to take their own life on Sunday.
A witness told BFMTV: “A car drove into the terrace and crashed into the bar.
"The driver tried to reverse but someone stopped them. The gendarmes arrived quickly.
"There were around 20 people in the restaurant."
Enquiries at the scene suggested that that the motorist ‘had made no effort whatsoever to brake,' said the source.
The horrific incident took place in the district of Sept-Sorts, which is around 40 miles east of the French capital and not far from Disneyland Paris.
Earlier reports claimed the girl who died was eight years old, but Interior Ministry spokesperson Pierre-Henry Brandet later said they were around 12-years-old.
The 32-year-old male driver of the BMW has been arrested , the BBC reports.
(Image: Google Maps)
Local media had said the the driver who had no previous criminal record, had told police officers they had wanted to kill themselves and had weapons in the car.
Mr Brandet said the incident happened just after 8pm ‘and seemed to be a deliberate attack' by a 32-year-old man ‘who was not known to the security or justice services.'
According to an initial investigation, what the man said during the incident "make it possible to discard (it was a) terrorist attack".
They had already tried to "end their days without success" on Sunday and "he would have decided to do it again," a judicial source told French publication LCI.fr .
The Frenchman also admitted to police that they were a manic depressive
Early questioning and the checking of documents established that ‘the individual was psychologically unstable' and had ‘tried to commit suicide last week'.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
The incident was not being treated as a terror attack, local media said.
The incident follows similar terrorist attacks by jihadi killers pledging allegiance to Islamic State.
Early reports from the scene tonight suggested that the male driver "pulled up close to the restaurant" in a BMW car, and then "deliberately targeted it".
"There were quite a lot of people on the terrace,' said a source close to the case.
"An eight year old girl was hit straight on, and died at the scene.
"At least five people are very seriously injured. The man was arrested and is now with the police. There is a gendarmerie very close by.
"Anti-terrorist officers arrived on the scene very quickly, but we don't yet know what this is about.'
(Image: Google Maps)
Roads into the village of Sept-Sorts, which has a population of just 400, were tonight being blocked off, with residents being told to stay indoors.
"There is a full-scale alert," said one.
"Police are everywhere.'
Last week an illegal immigrant to France was shot by police five times after running down six soldiers with a hired BMW in a Paris suburb.
The terrorist suspect, identified as Hamou Bachir, a 36-year-old Algerian, was caught after initially escaping the scene of the crime at Levallois-Perret.
Bachir - who also uses the name Benlatreche – ploughed into a uniformed and heavily armed unit of the 35 Infantry Regiment as they took part in Operation Sentinel.
The security initiative was set up in 2015 following a series of atrocities in Paris carried out by Islamic State and Al-Qaeda operatives.
Bachir was lurking as two three-man patrols swapped shifts, and then they approached them slowly ‘before speeding up,' said local mayor Patrick Balkany.
(Image: Getty)
There are 10,000 soldiers patrolling France as part of Operation Sentinel, and 4,700 police and gendarmes.
France remains under a State of Emergency following a long string of attacks, including an attempt to kill a soldier at the Eiffel Tower earlier this month.
The 19-year-old psychiatric patient is in custody after they brandished a knife and pledged allegiance to Isis.
In April, 39-year-old police officers Xavier Jugele was shot dead while on duty on the Champs Elysee just days before the French presidential election.
Isis claimed the killing by Karim Cheurfi, also 39, who was shot dead by police in a gun battle. Two other officers were injured in the attack.
In June an Algerian student shouted ‘This is for Syria' as they tried to attack a police officer with a hammer outside Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris.
They were shot and ended up in custody in hospital.
And in March a convicted criminal with links to radical Islam shouted 'I am here to die for Allah, there will be deaths' seconds before they were shot dead during an attack at Paris Orly airport.
Ziyed Ben Belgacem, a 39-year-old career criminal, was killed after wrestling a soldier's gun from them and fleeing into a McDonald's restaurant.
It followed the shooting in February of a man outside the Louvre museum in the heart of Paris after they attempted to storm the historic art gallery.
Anti-terrorism prosecutors have opened an enquiry into today's attack.
The assailant will be questioned at length ‘when their condition allows', said an Interior Ministry spokesperson.
The RSPCA has raised welfare fears over THAT picture of an alligator being taken for a walk in Gloucester Road.
A police officer came across the bizarre sight on Wednesday last week, when the reptile was mistaken for a collapsed male.
But the RSPCA animal charity has now raised concerns for the animal's welfare, telling the Bristol Post the alligator was put into ‘an unfamiliar and stressful situation'.
The image was widely shared after an Avon and Somerset police constable uploaded it to Facebook.
An RSPCA spokesperson said because reptiles are ectothermic – meaning they cannot produce their own body heat – those kept in captivity need to be carefully looked after.
“Most species of reptile kept as pets in the UK are not native to this country and require temperatures that are higher than our usual April climate to be healthy,” they said.
Man takes alligator for a walk on Gloucester Road
“If a reptile becomes too cold it may become stressed, be unable to feed or move normally and its immune system may not work properly to fight disease, meaning the animal can become ill.
“A reptile owner should take into account the ambient temperature outside of the enclosure, and the temperature gradient required for the species, when removing a reptile from its enclosure.”
The spokesperson added: “Reptiles by nature do not like to be handled - this would include walking one on a harness, as this is not a natural situation for a reptile to be in. This could potentially be stressful for an alligator.
“Additionally, a stressed or fearful reptile is more likely to bite in defence.
“Being walked in a public street is an unfamiliar and potentially stressful situation for an alligator to be in. The proximity of people, noise of people and traffic, vibrations and unfamiliar smells may all add up to a stressful experience.”
Police had said the alligator, which was being walked on a lead, was a ‘big softie', adding the situation was ‘not the sort of thing you see every day'.
GREENWICH'S iconic buildings are to be illuminated in unison for the first time ever to celebrate two decades of UNESCO World Heritage Site status.
The Cutty Sark, the Royal Observatory, Old Royal Naval College(ORNC) and the National Maritime Museum(NMM) including the Queen's House are among those to be lit up tonight from 8.30pm until 11pm.
The event on what is World Heritage Day is to launch a programme of special anniversary events to mark the twentieth anniversary of Maritime Greenwich's World Heritage Site (WHS) status. Greenwich Park and the grounds of both the ORNC and NMM will open late until 10pm for people to view the spectacle.
Maritime Greenwich was awarded the prestigious UNESCO status in 1997 in recognition of its cultural significant buildings by Christopher Wren and Inigo Jones and for its global significance in the development of astrology, time keeping and navigation. Greenwich has enjoyed global significance since being named as the location of the Prime Meridian of the World in 1884.
Cllr Denise Hyland, the chair of the Maritime Greenwich WHS steering group and leader of Greenwich council, said: “Greenwich is renowned around the world as the home of time and a place with a rich royal and maritime history. A lot has changed in our borough in the twenty years since Maritime Greenwich became a WHS but one constant that has remained is the appeal that it has with visitors from around the world. Each year 18 million people visit our borough spending £1.24 billion in the local economy. As we reach this momentous anniversary, the celebrations we have planned will help to reinforce why people keep coming back here time after time.”
Kevin Fewster, the director Royal Museums Greenwich, said: “We take great pride in being part of Maritime Greenwich, one of the most significant WHS in the UK. The 20th anniversary event is a fantastic opportunity for us to bring people together to see the architectural beauty of Maritime Greenwich, centred on The Queen's House and the Grand Axis that it defines, and celebrate the heritage that played such a significant role in British and world history.”
Brendan McCarthy, the chief executive of the ORNC and chair of the Maritime Greenwich WHS executive group said: “This is a unique opportunity to showcase this very special place, raise awareness of WHS and give people a chance to appreciate our internationally significant architecture in a way that hasn't been done before.”
www.greenwichworldheritage.org
More recently, they have been delving into issues of keen interest to New York City, the main blue stronghold in a state where suburban and rural towns upstate tend to run red.
One of those issues is transportation policy, which contributed to a plunge in Cuomo's popularity last July amid their "summer of hell" forecast for New York City commuters facing ongoing transit breakdowns and delays.
The 60-year-old Cuomo had no immediate comment on Nixon's candidacy. But recently, they mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
"Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavour," Cuomo told reporters earlier this month. "If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race."
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for their Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy "Sex and the City," their star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
"Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country," Pollock said.
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former "Law and Order: SVU" actor Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
"She can't be the celebrity glamour girl," they said. "She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate."
The Associated Press
The Associated Press
Everyone loves holidays. But you know what we love even more than holidays? Holiday weekends.
There's nothing like taking a day that celebrates/commemorates something (insert the holiday of your choice here) and stretching it out to three, if said holiday falls on a Monday or Friday.
Heck, we'll stretch weekends out to four full days if a holiday lands on a Tuesday or Thursday.
But what if the holiday falls smack dab in the middle of the week? Oh, dear.
And that's the dilemma that our great nation now faces. On which weekend should we celebrate the Fourth of July ?
This year, the Fourth falls on a Hump Day.
So, do we celebrate this weekend, go back to work Monday and Tuesday, then light our fireworks Wednesday? Let's call this Option No. 1.
Or do we watch an Independence Day parade on Wednesday, go back to work Thursday and Friday, then resume our celebration of all things America Friday evening after work? This is Option No. 2.
Decisions, decisions.
Well, how are America's great cities handling it?
St. Louis celebrates the Fourth with something called Fair St. Louis, billed as “America's biggest birthday party.” Well, the folks who run that ought to have some clue of what to do.
Fair St. Louis is going with Option No. 2, celebrating on Wednesday, July 4, taking a break on Thursday, and then restarting the red, white and blue party on Friday, July 6, and Saturday July 7. Works for us.
Philadelphia — another great authority on the subject, since it's America's birthplace — is going with Option No. 1.
This weekend in Philly you can enjoy the Delaware Music Festival, meet Thomas Jefferson (a re-enactor, not the real thing) at the Museum of the American Revolution or listen to a concert from the United States Army Band. After toiling away in your cubicle on Monday and Tuesday, head back out Wednesday for the parades and fireworks.
So, which weekend should you pick to celebrate the holiday?
We say go with Option No. 3 — don't choose at all.
Declare it Independence Week and cheer the nation's founding for, like, 10 days in a row.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan Markle looked a dream in Alexandra McQueen, while Kate Middleton suffered a rare fashion misstep in a billowing white gown by the same designer as they stepped out for separate events on Thursday evening.
Former Suits Actress Meghan defied all expectation as they arrived in a chic pantsuit for the Endeavour Fund Awards, which marks their first evening engagement with Prince Harry.
While The Duchess of Cambridge opted for another McQueen ensemble, with the British designer being one of their trusted favourites, as they attended a dinner alongside Prince William at the Royal Palace in Oslo, Norway.
Kate's floorlength white gown, featuring a striking embellished neckline, kept their blossoming figure well hidden, with a sheer cape at the back swamping them frame.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: AFP)
As Kate and Wills continue their royal tour of Europe, Meghan and Prince Harry remained in London for the Endeavour Fund Awards as they celebrated the achievements of wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women.
Dressed in a Tuxe blouse, black blazer and matching cropped trousers, the princess-in-waiting braved the bad weather as they arrived clutching an umbrella and dodging puddles in their stiletto heels
While husband-to-be Prince Harry walked proudly beside them dressed in a smart navy suit.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: Splash News)
As part of the ceremony, held at Goldsmiths' Hall in London, the couple will first attend a pre-ceremony reception where they will meet the nominees, endeavour participants and key supporters of the Endeavour Fund.
The award ceremony will honour the achievements of wounded, injured and sick servicemen and women who have taken part in sporting and adventure challenges over the last year.
The awards were launched last year when Harry and their brother William helped present the honours and it is likely the prince and their fiancee will perform the same role.
(Image: Flynet)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: PA)
(Image: AFP)
When is Prince Harry and Meghan Markle getting married? Royal wedding date, venue, dress, bridesmaids and best man latest
On the steps of Goldsmiths Hall Prince Harry and Meghan were greeted by General Sir Nick Carter, Chief of the General Staff, Lorraine Heggessey, from the Royal Foundation, and David Wiseman, Head of Armed Forces for the Royal Foundation.
Three prizes will be awarded: the Recognising Achievement Award - awarded to the individual who has best utilised their endeavour to promote and catalyse their recovery; the Celebrating Excellence Award - awarded to the individual who has endeavoured to achieve excellence in their chosen sport or adventure challenge; and The Henry Worsley Award - awarded to the individual who has best inspired others through the demonstration of determination in the face of adversity, whilst endeavouring to support others with their recovery through sport or adventure challenge.
(Image: AFP)
The Henry Worsley Award is named after the late Henry Worsley, who tragically lost their lives in January 2016 whilst attempting to cross the Antarctic landmass, solo and unsupported.
Henry, a career soldier and an experienced polar adventurer, undertook this incredible expedition in order to raise money for the Endeavour Fund and was just 30 miles from the finish when they lost their lives.
The Awards were presented by the seasoned adventurer, explorer and Parachute Regiment veteran, Levison Wood, who was yesterday announced as The Endeavour Fund's first ambassador.
The fund plays an important role in ensuring that more servicemen and women have the opportunity to rediscover their self-belief and fighting spirit through physical challenges.
It aims to target those that are hard to reach and to support activities that contribute to the participants' recovery – either through mentorship, qualifications or work opportunities.
Since its launch in 2012, it has supported 66 different projects that have directly assisted over 2,265 individuals. Through their own fundraising, the participants have also collectively raised over £2.5 million for other forces charities.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Since they announced their engagement at the end of November, the couple, who will marry at Windsor Castle on May 19, have embarked on a number of royal engagements designed to introduce Los Angeles-born Miss Markle to royal life.
Taking in London, Nottingham and Cardiff, Miss Markle has won over the crowds with their easy charm and innate sense of style,
CLOSE Tennessee coach Holly Warlick anticipates Texas game in context of this season, which has been marked to date by more even-keel play Dan Fleser
Tennessee's Evina Westbrook, shown playing against Alabama State last Sunday, leads Tennessee in assists with 47. The first-year student point guard is a driving force behind the Lady Vols' transition game. (Photo: Saul Young/News Sentinel)
The difference in Tennessee isn't solely the team's talking point anymore. Others are joining the conversation.
Former Lady Vol Abby Conklin, who is here this weekend as part of a championship teams reunion, has watched all of Tennessee nine women's basketball games and said, "This team is like a breath of fresh air as a former player."
More: Lady Vols: Reunion will give alum Conklin closer look at team
No. 2 Texas (7-0) also is here Sunday for its annual game with the Lady Vols (TV: ESPN2, 3 p.m.). After watching video of No. 13/11 Tennessee (9-0), Longhorns coach Karen Aston anticipates more rival in the rivalry this time.
"They are a much-improved team from top to bottom," they said. "They have players who look like they've really bought into roles. It looks like they're really serious about defense and rebounding and things that I think Tennessee has always been known for."
Tennessee's renewal would be well served by incorporating last season's success in big games. Despite losing six games against teams that didn't make the NCAA tournament field, those Lady Vols were 4-2 against top 10 opponents. Sunday's showdown will be Tennessee's first chance to tackle a marquee opponent in its revised context.
More: Lady Vols' Meme Jackson trying to be better about consistency
"I think last year the games we should've won we didn't appear to get up for those," Tennessee coach Holly Warlick said on Saturday. "We got up for those games we weren't supposed to win. That's what brought us inconsistency.
Tennessee forward Cheridene Green (15) takes a shot during a game against the Troy Trojans at Thompson-Boling Arena in Knoxville, Tenn. Wednesday, Dec. 6, 2017. (Photo: Caitie McMekin/News Sentinel, \3006376\)
"This year's team has been very consistent. We've played well against teams we were supposed to beat. We've played well against teams that were very competitive. I've seen very even keel play from us, just because we approach every game the same and that's been really really positive for us."
Staying the course against Texas will come down to several factors:
Tug of war over tempo
As evidenced by their scoring averages, both teams favor the fast lane. Texas is averaging 93 points per game while Tennessee is averaging 89.4.
"I think it's going to be an up-and-down game," Warlick said. "That's what we want. That's what they want. But then they want to slow us down and we want to slow them down."
The wrestling match over transition play will involve, among other things, defense and guard play. Texas has an edge in backcourt experience. Guards Brooke McCarty and Ariel Atkins, both seniors, lead the Longhorns in scoring and steals.
Texas' opponents are averaging 21.9 turnovers per game.
"They're great defenders," Warlick said of the Longhorns. "They'll turn you over, which leads to what I think is one of the best parts of their game, their transition offense."
Rebounding
Even without forward Joyner Holmes, who is suspended until Dec. 23 because of a school violation, the Longhorns are averaging 46.6 rebounds per game and have a plus-15.4 rebounding margin.
Tennessee's average is up to 50.1 and its margin is 13.7 after gathering 73 rebounds against Troy last Wednesday.
More: Lady Vols warm up for Texas by scoring rout of Troy
Lady Vols reserve center Cheridene Green has reached double figures in rebounds the past two games. They could be a key factor, given their physical nature and their zest for such work.
"I've always had that mindset; I like to grab rebounds," they said after posting a double-double (16 points, 13 rebounds) against Troy. "When the rebounds go up, I'm like 'I got it, I got it' or 'That's mine, that's mine.' "
Managing the moment
Aston said their team is "fired up" about Sunday's game and Atkins added, "I think it's about time for us to really get down to it and understand what it means to play in such a different environment. I think Tennessee's basketball environment is just really different."
In this case, it will be different for Tennessee's new players as well. They will be mingling with alums from the 1987, 1997 and 2007 national championship teams. They likely will play before the season's biggest crowd with fans being asked to wear Tennessee orange and create an "orange out."
Warlick hopes the Lady Vols can rely on consistency to make a difference.
"They stay in the moment," they said. "That's a great thing for a basketball team."
Sam Steel's final on-ice duty as the captain of the Regina Pats was to join CHL president David Branch for an obligatory presentation of the Stafford Smythe Memorial Trophy as tournament MVP.
The award placed Steel in elite company alongside previous winners like Dale Hawerchuk, Scott Niedermayer, Brad Richards, Corey Perry, Taylor Hall and Nathan MacKinnon.
The difference was, each of those players got to celebrate with their teammates after receiving the Memorial Cup trophy as national champions.
In this case, the MVP award was of little consolation following a 3-0 loss to the Acadie-Bathurst Titan in Sunday's championship final at the Brandt Centre.
Under the circumstances, Steel couldn't even force a smile as they posed for pictures at centre ice while their teammates sat quietly in a tear-soaked dressing room.
“I guess it's good (to win the award), but I'd trade it 10 times out of 10 for a Memorial Cup,” said Steel, who believes he'll ultimately look back fondly on the experience — just not right away.
“We were riding a high there, playing great hockey in front of great fans. Now it obviously feels terrible when you lose, but I'm sure looking back at it down the road, it was great to be a part of.”
Even in defeat, some of Steel's first thoughts were of their teammates and everything they endured this season. They couldn't help but think back to their five-week training camp after a devastating first-round playoff loss to the Swift Current Broncos, who went on to win the WHL title.
The Pats had hoped to enter the Memorial Cup through the front door instead of relying on their automatic berth. The club's first-round playoff loss invited skepticism about its ability to compete with three battle-tested champions, but in the end the host team proved to be a worthy opponent.
“(It's an) unbelievable group of guys,” offered Steel, who was among the few home-grown players on a team that was mostly assembled prior to the trade deadline.
“Even when we lost out (in the playoffs) and we were going through the training process, there was not one guy who complained. I think it showed this tournament. We made each other proud, for sure. I couldn't be happier with the group of guys. I'm going to talk to these guys for a long time.”
After a 45-day layoff, the Pats silenced a lot of doubters when they posted a 3-2 record at the Memorial Cup. They eliminated the WHL-champion Broncos and OHL-champion Hamilton Bulldogs but couldn't quite solve the QMJHL champs, who handed Regina its only two losses of the tournament.
“They're a fast team,” noted Steel, who was still trying to reconcile the outcome. “It's tough to process right now. It was a one-goal game for most of the game, and we had our chances, but we just came up a little short.”
The loss ended Steel's memorable four-year career with the Pats, who originally selected them second overall in the 2013 bantam draft. They became the face of the franchise and one of the few top prospects to fulfil every bit of their potential and more, finishing among the top 10 scorers in franchise history (338 points in 258 games).
Some of the highlights include being selected by the Anaheim Ducks in the first round (30th overall) of the 2016 NHL draft. They led the league last season with 131 points (including 50 goals) en route to winning the WHL player-of-the-year award. They also helped Canada win gold this year at the world junior championship.
Steel completed their junior journey on Sunday when they were named Memorial Cup MVP after leading the tournament with 13 points — three short of a record. Steel received a huge ovation as they waved to the crowd and headed back to the bench, disappearing down a dark tunnel toward Regina's dressing room for the last time.
“It has been unbelievable,” Steel said of their time in Regina. “Since the day I was drafted, it was great to be a part of the city. I couldn't ask for anything more. They've given me everything throughout my junior career.
“I'm just really proud to be a Pat.”
gharder@postmedia.com
Less than a week after temperatures in the 60s and thunderstorms, snow returned to the area Sunday. The total in the Med City came to six and a half inches, per a report from the airport.
The snow began falling in Rochester around 2 p.m. on Sunday afternoon and continued into the overnight. The flakes were falling quickly enough at times last night to reduce visibility and cover roadways.
This morning, folks in downtown woke up to a fresh blanket of the white stuff. Plows, snowblowers, and shovels were out to start clearing things up.
Winter has been in full swing for awhile now, so people have grown used to these types of storms.
"I think most people in Rochester are from somewhere else. I think you just get used to it because if you want to get out of the house, you have to make a way for the mail to come to the door and the kids to get down the sidewalk. I think it would be awesome if this was the last one of the season. But since everything has melted before, this can't stay for long, I'm gonna be optimistic," said Rochester resident Sue Einspahr.
Statistically speaking, there's a chance we could see another snow storm this season. The average snowfall for April in Rochester is 3.3 inches, and who could forget the May 2nd snowstorm in 2013, but if this was our last taste of winter, it certainly was an impactful one.
It'd be easy to argue that the last thing the world needs right now is another culinary travel memoir.
After all, there's no shortage of clichéd sentimental journeys that trace a narrator's quest to find meaning in the rustic foodways of rural communities. Despite the glut in this genre though, there's still plenty of insight that could be gleaned from the culture of food, it just needs a writer willing to do a deep dive. Turns out that person is Jan Wong, who proved that the culinary travel memoir can still be relevant with "Apron Strings: Navigating Food and Family in France, Italy, and China."
Wong, a former Globe and Mail columnist who currently works as a journalism professor in Fredericton, N. B., took advantage of a sabbatical to embark on a trip (grown son, Sam, in tow) that would see mother-and-son do a homestay with families in the three countries. The quest isn't so terribly novel; what sets it apart is Wong's nearly-obsessively sharp observational skills, which lead to snippets of wisdom about how culture and politics influence the kitchen.
In France, for example, the intrepid food writer learns the mother sauces, but takes breaks to familiarize themselves with the country's health-care system and examine the shifting attitudes toward immigration. Where the book really takes off, though, is when they get to China, where they contemplate the relationship between food and class.
It's hardly surprising that this section is enlightening, given Wong's experience living in Beijing, first as a student and then as a foreign correspondent. It's obviously a very different China than the one they first moved to in the 1970s. And, while she's far from the only person to have observed the changes in that country, their years of experience writing about it for the Canadian reader makes this last chapter a neat introduction to both modern China and its cuisine.
So maybe the world could use one more culinary memoir, after all. Possibly even more, if they're all as good as this one.
Christine Sismondo is the author of “America Walks Into a Bar: A Spirited History of Taverns and Saloons, Speakeasies and Grog Shops” (Oxford University Press).
Special to the Star
EL PASO, Texas — Jon Elmore scored 22 points with seven rebounds and five assists, and Marshall maintained safe distance down the stretch to beat UTEP 74-65 on Saturday night.
C.J. Burks' 3-pointer started an early 10-0 Marshall run and the Thundering Herd went up 19-10 with 9:48 before halftime. Evan Gilyard had a 3-point play for UTEP before Marshall established a 6-0 spurt and led by 10. Marshall's last three baskets of the half on 3s from Elmore, Jarrod West and Burks made it 34-24 at halftime.
The Miners closed to 36-31 within the first two minutes of the second half before Ajdin Penava made a 3 and Burks made 1 of 2 foul shots. Omega Harris' layup pulled the Miners within three points, and with 4:04 left, Gilyard shaved UTEP's deficit to 61-59, but the Miners never got closer.
Burks scored 16 points and Penava contributed 15 points and seven boards for the Thundering Herd (15-8, 6-4 Conference USA).
Today is National Picnic Day, which seems like it should always fall on a weekend. Who has time on a Monday?
Anyway, a new survey asked 1,000 Americans to name their favorite picnic foods. Here are the top 10 . . .
1. Sandwiches.
2. Fried chicken.
3. Watermelon.
4. Potato salad.
5. Chips and dip.
6. Deviled eggs.
7. Pasta salad.
8. Fruit salad.
9. Pie.
10. Baked beans.
The survey also found only 6% of us don't like picnics, including 1% who said they hate them.
What's your favorite thing about a picnic?
Extensive plans have been unveiled by Paris 2024 to celebrate Olympic Day on June 23 with a series of demonstration events and taster sessions across the city.
It will mark the first such celebration in France since September 13 last year, the day the capital city was officially awarded the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
The aim is to provide residents and visitors with the chance to "experience a foretaste of the Games while enjoying a unique and festive atmosphere along the banks of the Seine, which will be a key centre of the Games celebration in 2024".
Paris will be at the heart of a nationwide "24 hours in Games mode" concept.
Celebrations are due to begin on June 20 when each Parisian arrondissement will host its own Olympic and Paralympic Day celebration, involving "festive, cultural and educational activities based on the Olympic values".
On June 23, the banks of the River Seine will be transformed into a "giant sporting playground, with sports equipment and facilities available for everyone to use".
Demonstrations and taster sessions are set to be held in 30 Olympic and Paralympic disciplines, with support from numerous French champions.
A watersports area will be installed, stretching from Bras Marie to the Pont des Arts, while a zone for team sports will be established outside the Hotel de Ville, where people will also be able to swim or play a game of tennis.
London 2012 Olympic champion Renaud Lavillenie will attempt to beat their own world record as part of a pole vault competition planned to take place in the Pont de l'Arcole.
"Our 2018 Olympic Day celebrations will have a special flavour, coming a few months after the historic result in Lima," said Paris 2024 President Tony Estanguet.
"France is now preparing to host the Games in six years' time, and these 24 hours will be a chance to share the unique atmosphere of the Games, providing a foretaste of a magical summer in the heart of Paris.
"Olympic Day will also be a chance to engage the population, providing unprecedented opportunities to meet and exchange with French champions.
"Crucially, it will help us to launch a movement that aims to make each visitor an ambassador and active participant in the Paris 2024 Games."
La #JournéeOlympique se déroulera sur tout le territoire le samedi 23 juin 🗓️ ! A @Paris on vivra les Jeux au cœur de la ville #ParisEnModeJO. Venez découvrir les sports olympiques/paralympiques et rencontrer des champions le temps d'une journée pic.twitter.com/fRgKS94laz — Paris 2024 (@Paris2024) May 29, 2018
Combat sports will be showcased at the Pont des Arts while facilities for athletics, gymnastics and badminton will be run by staff of the respective National Federations at the Port du Gros Caillou.
Demonstrations by trampoline gymnasts and athletes of other aerial disciplines will also take place on the Alexandre III bridge.
A "24 races in 24 hours" initiative, to take place throughout metropolitan France as well as in the overseas territories, is also planned.
This will involve "free mass participation races of 2,024 metres in length, organised in partnership with the French Athletics Federation".
The first race will be held in Marseille - where the Olympic sailing competitions will take place - before the last is due to be held in Paris at 10.30pm.
"For the second year in a row, Paris will be transformed, for one day, into an extraordinary sporting playground," Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo said.
"Parisians and visitors of all generations are invited to discover numerous sports disciplines, all free of charge, in the company of the athletes, associations and local authorities taking part.
"This will be a great moment of sharing and celebration of the values of sport.
"It will give everyone a foretaste of what the Olympic and Paralympic Games will be like in Paris in 2024."
More information is available here.
Restaurants Canada-wide will be offering the deal
What can 67 cents buy you? On Wednesday, Aug. 16, it's a whole lot at McDonald's.
In celebration of its 50th year in Canada, the chain is offering 67-cent hamburgers at locations nation-wide.
McDonald's opened its first location in Canada right in Richmond, B.C. before spreading out across the country.
“It's amazing to think that a single B.C. location that started in 1967 has grown to over 1,400 restaurants across Canada,” said McDonald's Canada CEO John Betts. “We're excited about our future and continuing to share special moments, like today, with Canadians from coast to coast.”
Customers can snag up to three 67-cent hamburgers at all participating McDonald's locations Wednesday from 11 a.m.-7 p.m.
White House Narrows List Of National Security Adviser Candidates To Replace Flynn
Enlarge this image toggle caption Khalil Mazraawi /AFP/Getty Images Khalil Mazraawi /AFP/Getty Images
The White House is narrowing its list of candidates to replace former national security adviser Michael Flynn and has already interviewed former CENTCOM deputy director Robert Harward about the vacancy, according to a senior administration official.
The official said they spoke to Harward last week and again on Monday.
"We've been getting our ducks in a row for a long time," the official said.
The comments indicate that Flynn's exit had been anticipated for some time as controversy swirled around their conversation with the Russian ambassador during the White House transition and their subsequent comments that misled then-Vice President-elect Pence about those conversations.
Trump asked for Flynn's resignation on Monday night, citing an "evolving and eroding level of trust," White House press secretary Sean Spicer said during Tuesday's briefing.
Spicer told reporters Tuesday evening that the administration hopes to announce a replacement by the end of the week. But they cautioned that Trump has not yet made a decision.
Robert Harward is a retired Navy vice-admiral who was the deputy director of the U.S. Central Command under now-Defense Secretary James Mattis during the Obama administration. They served on the National Security Council during the George W. Bush administration. As ABC News notes, Harward was the deputy commander of U.S. Joint Forces Command and led Combined Joint Interagency Task Force 435 in Afghanistan. They also led troops in Afghanistan and Iraq after the September 11 terrorist attacks.
Harward is currently the Chief Executive for Lockheed Martin operations in the United Arab Emirates. He's the son of a Naval officer and grew up in Iran, graduated from the Tehran American School. They speak Farsi.
Other candidates believed to be under consideration for the job are former CIA director and retired four-star Gen. David Petraeus and Keith Kellogg, a retired lieutenant general who was named the acting national security adviser after Flynn's resignation.
Petraeus would be a controversial choice given the scandal that caused them to resign in 2009 as head of the CIA. They pleaded guilty in 2015 to sharing classified information with their biographer Paula Broadwell, with whom they were having an extramarital affair. Petraeus was given two years probation (which runs through April of this year) and had to pay a $100,000 fine, but they avoided jail time due to a plea deal. Petraeus met with Trump during the transition and was in the mix to be Secretary of State. Before their fall from grace, Petraeus was a widely-respected general who helped lead military US strategies in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Kellogg is a retired three-star Army lieutenant general who was a foreign policy adviser to Trump's campaign. As NPR's Tom Bowman noted, they served in the Vietnam War with 101st Airborne Division and was commander of the 82nd Airborne. Kellogg also served in Iraq as a leader with the Coalition Provisional Authority, the interim government after the fall of Saddam Hussein.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has conceded the title to Manchester City - with 13 games left of the Premier League campaign.
Manchester United's 2-0 defeat away to Tottenham left them 15 points behind Pep Guardiola's runaway leaders, with Mourinho conceding their side are now in a battle to be "the first of the last".
United host Huddersfield tomorrow and Mourinho admitted their side now to focus their attention on ensuring they secure a top-four spot, with fifth-placed Spurs just five points behind them.
"The game is important because we need points to be the first of the last," said Mourinho.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: AFP)
"We have to try to finish second. We are in this position all season — we were first for a few weeks and then we were always second.
"I don't remember us being fourth, fifth or sixth. We have been there since the beginning of the season, better than last season in every aspect - points, position, number of goals scored, number of goals conceded, better in everything.
"So we have to try to stay there and it's not easy, because there are very good teams around us. Chelsea are champions again, and a had a fantastic market, Liverpool is a great team, Arsenal improved a lot in the market.
"Tottenham is a fantastic team and are five points behind us, so we're doing quite well, with some negative moments - Wednesday was one. It's very important to do better than last season and try to win something and, if not, do better."
Mourinho said it was hard for them to view United's season in a negative light, given their side would be in the title mix in any other season, were it not for City who have dropped just seven points throughout the campaign.
"They [City] are doing so, so well in that they are not letting the others come close to them, it's as simple as that," said Mourinho.
"With the number of points and improvement in relation to last season, the distance would be a distance that leaves the fight open, and the fight is open for second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth, but is practically closed for the first.
"I cannot say, we, Tottenham or Chelsea is doing badly, because the points we have are very reasonable but City started strong and kept doing strong and managed to win matches they didn't deserve - I give credit - with that last push of the last minute goal, the winning goal in extra time, they managed to do that in a way where that's the distance.
(Image: AFP)
"If you tell me all six want to be champions and only one will be and the other five fail, I think is too pragmatic a way to look at it, because you can do positive work and not win the title."
Mourinho admitted Marouane Fellaini is likely to be absent for several weeks with a recurrence of a knee injury when they came on against Spurs.
"I don't have good news," said Mourinho. "I don't have news, because I don't want to give news based on an initial approach, but I don't think the news is very good.
"He has a problem in their knee. It's the same knee, but not the same locality. It was internal, now external, so let's wait a couple of more days but he's out of the game tomorrow.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
"It's not an ACL, a complete rupture of any structure of the knee, we are not going so far as that, but we need him.
"The Champions League is arriving, lots of tough matches to play and probably we're going to lose them for a few weeks. Two, three four or five, I cannot say at the moment."
* MANCHESTER UNITED will hold a minute's silence before kick-off on Saturday, to mark the 60th anniversary of the Munich air disaster in which 23 people – including eight players – were killed.
Mourinho said: “It's one of the biggest tragedies but also, at the same time, it's a crucial point in Manchester United's history - the reaction, the strength, the union after that situation.”
With the #Marvel Cinematic Universe constantly expanding through movies, television shows and Netflix, it's easy to miss a lot of the Easter Eggs hinting at the more obscure parts of its lore. It's always surprising how Marvel Studios can easily integrate its more unknown and silly characters from the comics into their world of realism. Want to know how weird the #MCU can get? Check out these five hilariously unknown characters that actually exist with in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
5. Oddball
[Credit: Marvel Comics]
You wouldn't think that a character as silly as Oddball, a costumed villain who uses combat juggling to dispose of their enemies, would fit in well with the grittiness of #Daredevil. The character of John Healy, Wilson Fisk's assassin who disposed of a crime boss with a bowling ball, is actually based on two characters from the comic books.
[Credit: Marvel Studios]
Alvin and Elton Healy work together in crime after working as professional jugglers in Nevada. Alvin's weapon of choice was bowling pins while Elton's was bowling balls, eventually evolving into any throwing or juggling weapon.
Leave it to Marvel's #Netflix division to take the silly, laughable character of Oddball and turn them into a terrifying murderer.
4. Graviton
[Credit: Marvel Comics]
Most fans of #AgentsofSHIELD would agree that they usually forget (or would like to forget) anything in the first season of the show. In the third episode of the first season, we are introduced to Dr. Franklin Hall, a Canadian scientist who actually mentored Fitz and Simmons when they were studying at S.H.I.E.L.D. academy.
Hall was kidnapped by Ian Quinn so that they could work on an element called Gravitorium to help Quinn reach their sinister goals. However, Hall was more determined destroy the Gravitorium and was intentionally kidnapped to get closer to the element. Through the disruption of Coulson's team, who found that Hall's plan would harm more people than save, Hall was engulfed in the Gravitorium and still resides there to this day. We may not have seen the last of this character.
3. Jack McGee
'The Incredible Hulk' [Credit: NBC Universal TV]
Technically, this character never appeared in the #Marvel Comics. They were a character created for the popular Incredible Hulk television series that ran in the '70s. Jack McGee was a persistent reporter that trailed Bruce Banner (David Banner in the series) through their adventures, trying to uncover the real story of the creature inside of Banner. If you looked closely enough in 2008's #IncredibleHulk, you can actually see the character again.
'The Incredible Hulk] [Credit: Universal Studios]
After the Hulk's battle with the military at Culver University, one of the students is being interviewed about what they saw during the incident. That student is none other than Jack McGee, who filmed the incident with their phone for the university newspaper.
McGee was actually the first person in the movie to refer to the creature as a hulk, and it caught on so quickly from the newsreel that even General Ross starts using the term at the end of the movie.
2. Kid Colt
[Credit: Marvel Comics]
Kid Colt was a "Billy the Kid" style outlaw cowboy from the western era of the Marvel universe. Think Jonah Hex but with a bit more corn. The second season of the short-lived #AgentCarter series confirmed that this gunslinger existed years before the events of the Marvel Cinematic Universe in the episode "Better Angels."
Howard Stark, the father of Tony Stark, was even shown to be producing a film about the cowboy's adventures with other famous western heroes like the Two-Gun Kid. Wonder if they'll cast Clint Eastwood in the leading role.
1. Bessie The Hellcow
[Credit: Marvel Comics]
That's right. Not only was there a cow that was turned into a vampire by Dracula in Marvel Comics, but they exist in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
Bessie was first introduced in a storyline that had them trying to devour Howard the Duck while they were in Cleveland trying to establish a name for himself. The hellcow has also teamed-up with Deadpool to take down evil scientists trying to use Bessie's vampiric blood for immortality.
In the second season of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., Simmons goes undercover in the HYDRA laboratories in order to learn their secrets. In the episode "A Hen in the Wolf House," they are examining a substance called carmine milk, or red milk, from a creature called a hellcow.
Them lab supervisor simply states that the cow's file just has them named as "Bessie" and we never hear anything more about it.
So, in one simple scene that barely lasts 10 seconds, Marvel has confirmed that Bessie the Hellcow, Dracula and other vampires exists in the cinematic universe. Maybe Blade isn't as far-fetched of an idea as once thought.
Have you noticed any other obscure Marvel characters in the MCU?
Minnesota Democrat Amy Klobuchar and Iowa Republican Chuck Grassley are leading a bipartisan group of 38 Senators in calling for a stronger Renewable Fuels Standard for 2018.
They're calling for the stronger standard at the same time the Environmental Protection Agency is finalizing its biofuel volume requirements for next year. The senators say the rule would represent a large step backward for advanced biofuels and will result in less renewable fuels blended than in 2017.
The rule would also bring biomass-based diesel production to a flatline-level, reducing advanced biofuels, and reduces the cellulosic biofuel-blending target by 25 percent. In a letter to EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt, the senators asked Pruitt to implement the RFS as it was intended to be by Congress and to release a strong final rule that would give consumers more choices at the pump.
A stronger rule would also help boost the economy and make the country more secure. Back in March, Klobuchar and Grassley also led a bipartisan group of 23 senators in asking the administration to reject changes to the RFS that would upend stability and predictability for both small businesses and rural communities.
President Donald Trump salutes as they step off Marine One, accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, on the South Lawn of the White House, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Washington. Trump is returning from a trip to New Hampshire.
WASHINGTON (AP) - More Republicans are telling President Donald Trump in ever blunter terms to lay off their escalating criticism of special counsel Robert Mueller and the Russia probe. But party leaders are taking no action to protect Mueller, embracing a familiar strategy with the president - simply waiting out the storm.
Trump blistered Mueller and their investigation all weekend on Twitter and started in again Monday, questioning the probe's legitimacy with language no recent president has used for a federal inquiry. "A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!" Trump tweeted.
Mueller is leading a criminal probe into whether Trump's 2016 presidential campaign had ties to Russia and whether there has been obstruction of justice since then.
Trump was told to cut it out on Sunday by such notable Republicans as Trey Gowdy, chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, and Bob Corker, chairperson of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. Then on Monday they were told that firing Mueller would be "the stupidest thing the president could do" by Orrin Hatch, chairperson of the Senate Finance Committee.
But Hatch, on CNN, also said they didn't see any need for legislation to protect Mueller. And that sentiment was widely echoed by GOP leaders.
In recent months, bills to protect the special counsel have stalled, and Republican leaders have stuck to muted statements endorsing Mueller or denying they are in trouble. So far, that tactic has worked for them as Trump has lambasted the Russia investigation on Twitter but allowed Mueller to continue their work.
Democrats say legislation is needed.
"Immediately," said Sen. Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut. And Arizona Republican Jeff Flake, a frequent Trump critic, said, "If you don't pick this fight, then we might as well not be here."
But GOP leaders saw no reason to leap to stop a firing they don't think is in sight.
"I don't think that's going to happen so I just think it's not necessary, and obviously legislation requires a presidential signature," said Texas Sen. John Cornyn, the No. 2 Republican in the Senate. "I don't see the necessity of picking that fight right now."
Still, Cornyn said there would be "a number of unintended consequences" if Mueller were to be removed, and lawmakers had communicated that message to Trump "informally and formally."
White House lawyer Ty Cobb issued a statement Sunday tamping down the speculation, saying Trump is not "considering or discussing" Mueller's removal. White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley said Trump has "some well-established frustration" about the probe but insisted there is no internal discussion about removing Mueller.
Separately, Trump's legal team has provided documents to Mueller summarizing their views on key matters being investigated, according to a person familiar with the situation. That person insisted on anonymity to discuss the ongoing investigation.
The records were given as Trump's lawyers negotiate with Mueller's team about the scope and terms of a possible interview with the president.
Also, Trump added a new lawyer. Joseph diGenova, a former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, will join their team later this week.
DiGenova has been outspoken in their defense of Trump, talking of a "brazen plot" to exonerate Hillary Clinton in an email investigation and to "frame" Trump with a "falsely created crime."
Multiple White House officials said Monday that they believe Trump is now acutely aware of the political - and even legal - consequences of taking action against Mueller. For now, they predicted, Trump will snipe at Mueller from the outside.
Their sniping is getting more pointed.
Trump challenged the probe's existence over the weekend and strongly suggested political bias on the part of Mueller's investigators.
The tweets ruffled some GOP lawmakers. South Carolina's Gowdy admonished the president's lawyers, saying that if Trump is innocent, "act like it."
But House and Senate leaders remained quiet, and decidedly unruffled.
"As the speaker has always said, Mr. Mueller and their team should be able to do their job," said AshLee Strong, spokesperson for House Speaker Paul Ryan.
A spokesperson for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell referred to comments that McConnell made in January saying they aren't worried that Mueller would be ousted.
Two bipartisan Senate bills introduced last summer, when Trump first started criticizing Mueller's probe, would make it harder to fire a special counsel by requiring a judicial review. But Republicans backing the bills have not been able to agree on the details, and Senate Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley has shown little interest in moving them. McConnell has said they think they are unnecessary.
Still, some of the White House officials acknowledged that Trump did once flirt with removing Mueller.
That came last summer, when Trump's legal team - then led by New York attorney Marc Kasowitz - was looking into potential conflicts of interest with Mueller and their team and planning to make a case to have them removed, according to people familiar with the strategy. Those people spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the private conversations.
As that strategy was being formulated, Trump directed White House counsel Don McGahn in June to call Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to raise the perceived conflicts and push for Mueller's removal, according to one of the people familiar with the matter.
McGahn put off making the call because they disagreed with the strategy, the person said. When Trump persisted in pressing the issue, McGahn told other senior White House officials they would resign if Trump didn't back off. Trump let the matter drop, the person said.
Trump cannot directly fire Mueller. Any dismissal, for cause, would have to be carried out by Rosenstein, who appointed the counsel and has continued to express support.
Trump has fumed to confidants that the Mueller probe is "going to choke the life out of" their presidency if allowed to continue indefinitely, according to an outside adviser who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations with the president.
Likely contributing to Trump's sense of frustration, The New York Times reported last week that Mueller had subpoenaed the Trump Organization for Russia-related documents. Trump had said Mueller would cross a red line with such a step.
"Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats, some big Crooked Hillary supporters, and Zero Republicans?" they tweeted Sunday.
Some of Mueller's investigators indeed have contributed to Democratic political candidates including Hillary Clinton, but Justice Department policy and federal service law bar discrimination in the hiring of career positions on the basis of political affiliation. Mueller is a Republican.
___
Associated Press writers Lisa Mascaro, Darlene Superville and Eric Tucker in Washington contributed to this report.
Attracting an appealing field to golf's RBC Canadian Open has been a challenge for years. In the eyes of a lot of the world's best players, Canada's men's national championship is presumably just another stock PGA Tour event, albeit one that comes with the hassle of a trip through customs. And since 2007, when the tournament began finding itself wedged between the British Open and the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational, it's been just another stock tour event happening at a moment when many of the world's best players are hankering for a week off.
So there was understandable optimism surrounding Tuesday's announcement that the national Open has found itself a new home on the PGA Tour schedule. Beginning in 2019, when Hamilton Golf and Country Club will serve as the venue, Canada's only stop on the PGA Tour will be contested the week before the United States Open, June 6-9.
First, one possible downside: With the addition of John Tavares to the Leafs and the exit of LeBron from the NBA East, the early weeks of June risk conflicting with Toronto's presumably annual Stanley Cup run, not to mention the Raptors' first realistic shot at an NBA final.
Not that Golf Canada CEO Laurence Applebaum, a Toronto-raised sports fan, appeared threatened by the spectre of such a seismic big-footing.
“Tavares loves their golf. And (Raptors all-star and resident golf fanatic Kyle) Lowry — they sneak on here all the time,” quipped Applebaum, standing in the clubhouse at Glen Abbey Golf Club.
To Applebaum, the new date comes with a bigger upside. Given that it sits the week before the U.S. Open, there's a hope the Canadian Open could become a reliable major-championship tune-up in the vein of the Scottish Open, which serves as a week-before prelude to the ancient Open Championship.
Adam Hadwin, the world No. 48 from Abbotsford, B.C., who currently ranks as Canada's best PGA Tour player, figures that's a distinct possibility.
“Now there are a lot of guys who like to play the week before a major. So I think you're going to see some of those bigger names that love to play the week before a major that have maybe not come to Canada before,” said Hadwin, speaking over the phone from sweltering Phoenix. “The biggest name that comes to mind is Phil Mickelson. They always have played the week before a major. Hopefully that continues and the Canadian fans get to see Phil in Hamilton next year … (The new date is) going to help attract players. There's no way around that.”
Just in case a fresh spot on the calendar isn't quite enough to lure stars like Mickelson and Henrik Stenson, who don't typically play the Canadian Open but are in the habit of playing the week before the U.S. Open, organizers have also vowed to increase the purse from this year's $6.4 million to $7.6 in 2019 (all figures U.S.). The field vying for the former amount will attempt to dethrone two-time defending champion Jhonattan Vegas at Glen Abbey July 26-29.
Throwing money at the problem of wrangling a passable field is nothing new. Appearance fees aren't allowed on the PGA Tour, but RBC, which is also the title sponsor of the tour's RBC Heritage tournament, issues regular cheques to a cadre of players under contract to wear the company's crest while coincidentally showing up at its tournaments. That's meant Dustin Johnson, the world No. 1 and a flagship RBC “team member,” has become a Canadian Open regular, as have Brandt Snedeker and Matt Kuchar.
Susu experienced a hard life, during which they gave birth to five baby pandas. In recent years, they suffered from many diseases including high blood pressure, deterioration of liver function and heart failure. Them condition gradually worsened beginning in late May, and they passed away on June 2.
An autopsy showed that Susu's liver had hardened, and many of their organs, such as their spleen and lungs, had atrophied.
Advertisers Say The Influential Male Demographic Is Waning
Men between the ages of 18 and 34 have been a key demographic for marketers for years. That's starting to change, say some marketing experts, who say the economic fortunes of these men have declined.
MICHEL MARTIN, HOST:
OK, let's stay on the Super Bowl for a minute. Even with all the recent debate about the sport, tomorrow's game is certain to have a huge audience, and because of that, so will the ads. That's why the ads - creating them, watching them, rating them - is almost a sport of its own. And no doubt you will see many aimed at 18-to-34-year-old males. It used to be thought that they have an outsized influence on purchasing decisions but no longer. Charles Lane from member station WSHU reports that many advertisers have been noticing a shift.
CHARLES LANE, BYLINE: Gareth Evans is a market researcher for Flamingo, a London-based company that researches fashion trends. And about a year ago, they were running a focus group.
GARETH EVANS: Quite regular, quite sporty guys - and rather than talking to me about soccer players, basketball players, they were really switched on to a number of kind of female style influences.
LANE: They looked at their Instagram feeds and saw that these guys weren't influenced by other men but women.
EVANS: When I step back and look at the male 18-to-34 demographic, I see a lessening of their ability to influence.
LANE: They took these findings to their data team. They said what's really happening is that the power of certain groups, like young men, is being diluted by the proliferation of new age and gender brackets online. Flamingo isn't the only research group seeing this, major brands are too. Lucas Galan runs data forensics at Flamingo.
LUCAS GALAN: Today, corporations are no longer coming to us and saying, we want to target males 18 to 34. That's very anachronistic.
LANE: These changes are happening at a time when women are graduating from college at higher rates than men and when traditionally-male jobs, especially those in manufacturing, are harder to find. Scott McDonald heads The Advertising Research Foundation.
SCOTT MCDONALD: You kind of have a shift in the occupational structure of the country that corresponds with some segments of the male population losing their buying power.
LANE: But overall, McDonald is skeptical that men 18 to 34 are less influential in advertising. They say there's not much research available. Also, they say, the 18 to 34 age group will continue to be important because of its sheer size. Millennials outnumber even baby boomers. Slaine Jenkins is a market researcher for Insight Strategy Group. They say it's not that males 18 to 34 are less influential, it's that as advertising dollars shift online, traditional demographics are less important. Advertisers these days are more interested in a consumer's past behavior and psychological makeup.
SLAINE JENKINS: In market research, we've seen a great need to explore influence beyond demographics and really dig into the psychographics to understand audiences and their behaviors.
LANE: Instead of breaking consumers up by age or gender, companies are targeting values and passions. Big data sets of past purchases, Internet searches, GPS locations - these give companies a scalpel instead of a sledgehammer in order to find their customers. But there is a downside to these more highly-targeted advertisements. Chris Jackson is a pollster for the market research company Ipsos.
CHRIS JACKSON: That's sort of this sort of narrow, this is the view they have of you from your online behavior. But who knows if that's actually the totality of your life or your experience?
LANE: For example, political junkies who mostly visit news sites might miss out on major cultural trends, while fashionistas on Instagram risk never seeing political ads. For NPR News, I'm Charles Lane.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Avoid topics such as religion or politics, as well as sexual innuendos, when you are drinking with colleagues. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Socializing over a drink is a great way to get to know one's co-workers better, or break the ice with a boss or the senior management, but it's important to remember that there's always an unspoken code of conduct at play. “There's a curious mentoring process that happens over a drink where one's boss may open up about things that they or they did wrong early on in their career, or even personal matters that the person would never bring up otherwise,” says Priya Chetty-Rajagopal, a Bengaluru-based CxO search consultant. While this “gloves-off mentoring approach” is good reason to step out for a drink with your boss and colleagues, don't forget that you have to go back to work the next day with the same set of people without embarrassing yourself.
Kushagra Nagrath, senior vice-president, F&B, The Phoenix Mills Ltd, which runs Bar Bar in Mumbai, Bengaluru and Pune, has seen how office parties and get-togethers can spin out of control. “There was this one time when a young man, otherwise considered very conservative, took off their shirt and started dancing on the table. We had to intervene and take that person to another corner of the bar so that they didn't make a fool of themselves in front of the senior management,” Nagrath says. Bar managers and corporate grooming experts zero in on five common mistakes that people make while drinking with co-workers.
Never do shots or neat drinks
The idea is to loosen up a little but not make a spectacle of oneself. Suneeta Sodhi Kanga, a Mumbai-based corporate groomer, says: “Ideally, one shouldn't exceed two glasses of wine or two smalls of whisky, vodka or whatever you are drinking. A person who can hold their liquor is perceived as dependable and leader material. Plus, if you have to go back to work the next morning, you don't want to nurse a hangover.” According to Ryan Fernando, a Bengaluru-based sports nutritionist and founder of Qua Nutrition, any alcohol above 60ml will enter the bloodstream directly, making one tipsy.
Never drink on an empty stomach
The other golden rule is to never drink on an empty stomach. “The last thing you should do at the end of a long working day is had a drink without eating first,” says Fernando, who recommends snacking on something high in protein (nuts, a cheese sandwich, or non-vegetarian starters). This will line your stomach and slow down the rate of absorption of alcohol in your bloodstream. It's also important to drink a glass of water between drinks to ward off a hangover, Kanga adds.
Don't overshare or get personal
Avoid topics such as religion or politics, as well as sexual innuendos, Kanga suggests. Gaurav Gidwani, F&B director, Corum Hospitality (which runs The Bar Stock Exchange, Mumbai), talks of instances where corporate clients have gotten into heated arguments fuelled by drinking. “People's behaviour often changes after a few drinks, so it's important to be in control while out with business associates,” they say. When it comes to personal matters, Kanga says, “While it's okay to talk about one's family, don't whine or talk about how annoying your mother-in-law is.” And, most importantly, never gossip about people you work with. “You do not want to be known as the office gossip,” they add.
Don't get too close
Chetty-Rajagopal says that under workplace sexual harassment laws, a woman who feels sexually threatened or harassed by a colleague, even in an informal setting like a bar, can file a complaint under the Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) Act. “Be conscious of gender equations and never infringe on another's personal space (leaning too closely, back-slapping, etc.), especially if it's a woman,” says Chetty-Rajagopal.
Don't be cheap
According to Dipak Sharma, general manager, blueFROG, in Bengaluru, many young working professionals usually ask for separate food and drinks bills. Inform the waiter beforehand. Splitting the bill evenly or going Dutch is acceptable. “Sometimes, the boss will offer to pay. Accept graciously and thank them or them But when the bill comes, always reach for your wallet. That's the done thing,” Kanga adds.
*****
Fernando's sure-fire hangover cure
Had too much to drink and need to be up bright and early for work the next day? Here's a detox drink.
Ingredients: 1 raw egg, 300ml ice or cold water, half a bunch of coriander leaves, 1 cucumber, roughly chopped
Method: Blend the coriander and cucumber with ice or water. Strain and beat in the raw egg. Drink up!
TWO fishermen in kayaks have filmed the heart-stopping moment a curious great white shark stalked them off the coast of NSW.
Ken Gerke and Dave Barwise stayed remarkably calm on Saturday morning as the predator followed them, even coming within touching distance while they paddled in Urunga, south of Coffs Harbour.
In the incredible GoPro footage, the shark's fin can be seen emerging from the water as Ken tells Dave “It's chasing me”.
Later on, when Ken seems to lose sight of the shark, they turn around to find it even closer than before, making a beeline for their kayak.
Camera Icon The shark can be seen just breaking the surface of the water. Picture: Ken Gerke
When the pair regroup, Dave puts their GoPro underwater and viewers get to see the full scale of the massive the shark.
The pair estimate the shark is between three and four metres long.
Dave and Ken spoke to Sunrise after they posted the video on their Facebook page and told hosts David Koch and Sam Armytage that they never felt like their lives were at risk.
“We never really felt threatened,” Dave said.
“It's really curious. I think it was checking us out as much as we were checking it out.”
Ken also said that looking back, it might not have been wise to bring the shark over to their mate and potentially put them danger.
“In hindsight it probably wasn't the best idea. It might've been putting another option on the menu,” Ken laughed.
'Shattered' Picks Through The Broken Pieces Of Hillary Clinton's Dream
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Harnik/AP Andrew Harnik/AP
Ever since last November's election night, millions in America and around the world have wondered what happened to Hillary Clinton, who was widely expected to become the first woman president of the United States.
In fact, nearly everyone in the business of politics thought they would win –-including many of Trump's own people.
So: How did they lose?
Providing that answer is the mission accepted by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes in Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign. It is by no means the last word on 2016, but Allen and Parnes must be regarded as early front-runners in the race to make sense of it all.
Shattered Inside Hillary Clinton's Doomed Campaign by Jonathan Allen and Amie Parnes Hardcover, 464 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
They saw and heard far more than most of us, exploring deep inside "Clintonworld" in search of the real story. And in these pages, they share enough of what they witnessed to enable us to reach our own conclusions.
There is no Big Reveal, no shocking secret answer. Instead we get a slow-building case against the concept and execution of the Clinton campaign, with plenty of fault falling squarely on the candidate herself.
Far from a juggernaut, the campaign we see in these pages is plagued with division, unease and anxiety practically from the outset. When things go right, it only means they are soon to go terribly wrong. Win a primary, lose a caucus. Quash a rumor, see three more goes viral. Close one wound and find another torn open again.
Among those wounds, the first cut is the deepest. The email stories that began in March 2015 never go away. First, it's Clinton's own private server, then the hacking of the Democratic National Committee and the endless email dump stolen from campaign chairperson John Podesta. Email becomes the cyber-incubus the campaign cannot shed.
Whether anyone with Trump connections was colluding or complicit in the Wikileaks-Russian caper or not, the continual media focus on email issues could scarcely have been more convenient for the Trump campaign.
The authors also see lasting damage inflicted by their Democratic-primary rival Bernie Sanders' challenge from the left. Sanders' rather quixotic campaign not only tested Clinton, it played perfectly into Trump's own critique of "crooked Hillary" and their tactic of tying them to globalism and Wall Street.
"For both sides, Hillary was the perfect symbol of everything that was wrong with America," the authors conclude. "At times, Trump and Sanders would act as the right and left speakers of a stereo blaring a chorus on repeat: Hillary's a corrupt insider who has helped rig the political and economic systems in favor of the powerful."
But in the end, Allen and Parnes contend, the worst blows Clinton suffered were self-inflicted. If the controversies and corruption memes came to define her, they write, it was largely because they never managed to define herself.
The Clinton we see here seems uniquely qualified for the highest office and yet acutely ill-suited to winning it. Something about their nature, at its best and its worst, continually inhibits them Them struggle to escape their caricature only contributes to it.
Clinton kept questioning staff why they were losing working-class whites, their most loyal voters in 2008. "Why aren't they with me?" they asked during the 2016 primaries. "Why can't we bring them on board?' "
Such uncertainty is a recurring theme. The book begins with Clinton searching for the right notes for their announcement speech, and it ends as they wrestle with a concession speech they never expected to give.
In fact, the book often dwells on their problematic speech prep. All major politicians have ghostwriters, but Clinton had panels of them. Writers, consultants, script doctors and kibitzers crawl over every page and paragraph of their scripts — sometimes until just minutes before delivery.
Where exactly is the candidate themselves in all this messaging mélange? Do they have something they really wants to say? Everyone agrees they have plans for every policy problem in the world, but voters want to know what's inside you. And they also want to know what's in it for them.
The tone of the Allen-Parnes narrative is unsparing but not unsympathetic, noting campaign flaws and missteps without rue or recrimination. Having collaborated on a book-length profile of Clinton in 2014, the authors extended their research and sources for this insider account. We can readily imagine them setting out to write a very different book about the first woman president.
Instead, the authors often seem to be shaking their heads at the unforced errors, internal squabbles and media scrutiny that did in that dream. "Hillary distributed power so broadly that none of their aides or advisors had control of the whole apparatus," they write.
We learn that campaign manager Robby Mook, the wunderkind whose heart belongs to data, pushes voter modeling and analytics and models, while pinching pennies on everything else. They clash with more senior aides who want to invest in more conventional polling, field organizers and yard signs. They also cross swords with campaign chairperson John Podesta, who is twice their age and steeped in official Washington, an intimate advisor to both Clintons and President Obama.
In Wake Of Clinton's Loss, Pennsylvania Sees More Women Getting Into Politics In Wake Of Clinton's Loss, Pennsylvania Sees More Women Getting Into Politics Listen · 5:15 5:15
We also feel the widely shared exasperation with Huma Abedin, Hillary Clinton's longtime confidante. Abedin shields their boss from campaign stress, but also reinforces their penchant for privacy. The mystery of Abedin represents what is remote about Clinton herself.
To be sure, such infighting has enlivened accounts of past campaigns, especially in the bestseller Game Change, Mark Halperin and John Heilemann's best-seller about the political personality wars of 2008. But those personalities were more compelling and telegenic, calling out to turn themselves into the TV movie they became. (We may well see more of that sort of character when we turn to the internal tale of the Trump team.)
This volume may not belong on the same shelf with the series of Theodore H. White classics (The Making of the President) from decades ago, or the quadrennial volumes by reporters Jules Witcover and Jack Germond, or the novelistic What It Takes by Richard Ben Cramer.
But Allen and Parnes offer a first bridge beyond the journalism of the campaign year to the scholarship of the historians and other scholars who will process all this material for generations to come.
Clinton could hold on to enough of the contemporary Democratic Party to beat back Sanders and win the popular vote in November. But they had no answer to the populist appeal Trump enjoyed among white males and non-college working people in general. Them extraordinary career prepared them to be president, but not to understand ordinary Americans.
Ultimately, Allen and Parnes get inside the campaign but not inside the mind of Hillary Clinton. Much the same seems to have been true for most of their staff and, ultimately, the voters. Maybe we never really know the person we send to the White House, but we usually think we do. With Clinton, we never quite got there.
CINCINNATI--For children and adolescents who require medication to treat anxiety, there are two primary classes of antidepressants that are prescribed: selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and selective serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs).
Now, University of Cincinnati (UC) research, published online ahead of the April issue of the Journal of the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry shows for the first time that SSRIs may be the more effective option.
"For a long time there had been this sense that SSRIs work better than the SNRIs in treating anxious youth, but there wasn't clear evidence to back this up, so we wanted to put that notion to the test," says Jeffrey Strawn, MD, associate professor in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Neuroscience at the UC of Cincinnati College of Medicine, and lead author on the study.
"What we found is that with the SSRIs, compared to SNRIs, people get better faster and see greater improvement overall. There had been some suggestion of this in some individual studies, but this is the first to evaluate the magnitude and trajectory of treatment, or in other words, how much and how quickly people get better."
For the meta-analysis, UC researchers compiled the data from nine randomized controlled trials. Strawn partnered with Jeffrey Welge, PhD, research associate professor of psychiatry, and econometricians Jeffrey Mills and Beau Sauley at the Lindner College of Business who created a model to examine two things: how quickly the patients got better and by how much.
The models showed that patients started to see improvements from medication around two weeks, with the more significant improvement occurring in the fourth week of treatment. Strawn says it was also important to look at medication dosage to find out whether the dose of the medication affected improvement.
"We saw that [dosage] didn't necessarily affect how much the patients improve, but it did affect how quickly they get better," says Strawn, indicating that a higher dosage helped this.
Jeffrey Mills, PhD, an associate professor in the Department of Economics at the Lindner College of Business, and Sauley, a doctoral student, used statistical analysis common in economic modeling to apply it to the clinical data.
"We have very complementary skill sets, so interdisciplinary research of this nature is a great example of work that could not be accomplished by any one author," says Mills. "Everyone's contributions results in more robust research that none of us would be able to produce alone."
Mills' particular expertise is in Bayesian statistical inference and modeling. "As an econometrician, I have mostly applied these tools to analyzing economic data, so it is refreshing and exciting to get to apply my expertise to a different field like psychopharmacology," they say.
Strawn says one significant aspect of this study lies in the fact that it may be immediately applicable to clinical practice.
"In research, many findings impact our work in the clinic years down the road, but this type of work potentially changes how we select medications to treat children and adolescents with anxiety disorders today," they add.
###
This research was supported by the National Institute of Mental Health (MH106037-Strawn). Strawn has received research support from the National Institutes of Health (NIEHS) as well as Edgemont, Forest, Shire, Lundbeck, and Neuronetics. They have received material support from and provided consultation to Genesight/Assurex Health.
All authors cite no conflicts of interest.
Rome, December 11 - Snow, rain and high winds hit road, rail and ferry links in Italy with the centre and north most affected Monday. Train traffic was disrupted in Piedmont because of snow and rain, while there was a risk of avalanches in Trentino, 150km winds near La Spezia, and ferry links suspended to and from many islands. Rivers were also being watched for the risk of breaking their banks. One river, the Entella, did break its banks near Chiavari in Liguria because of the high levels of its tributaries. "The situation is more critical in Liguria and Piedmont," said rail network company RFI. It said rail traffic would remain suspended until 06:00 Tuesday in Piedmont and Liguria, while the situation was also "highly critical" in Emilia Romagna and Tuscany. Schools were closed Monday in some parts of northern Italy. In the northern Piedmont city of Alessandria and the surrounding area, schools were ordered closed because of ice and snow. Schools were also closed in Liguria to the south. In Genoa, however, the situation was not so bad and schools were allowed to stay open - although some parents kept their children at home. Schools will however be closed for a second day tomorrow in Marina di Massa and the Lunigiana area of northern coastal Tuscany. Near the Ligurian seaside resort of Sanremo, several families were evacuated because of the risk of an avalanche or a mudslide. In the Ligurian valley of Val D'Aveto, gales measuring 165 km/h swept down tree branches. A car that skidded off the road and into a stream in the Apennine foothills near Bologna was recovered by divers late Monday afternoon. No one was hurt. In Veneto to the northeast, many mountain passes were closed because of the risk of avalanches. In Val d'Aosta to the far northwest, Christmas markets were closed Monday and will reopen Tuesday. In the northern Aosta ski resort town of Courmayeur, two buildings were evacuated because of the impending threat of avalanches. Road advice agency Viabilitia Italia said they were warning drivers not to embark on trips into Switzerland. In Tuscany, a "prolonged" red alert over ice and snow was issued. Most flights out of Florence Airport were cancelled because of high winds. In Marche, strong winds and icy gales blew trees and branches onto roads but no one was hurt. In Rome, trees and branches also fell down and the fire brigade was called in to make 130 interventions. In Trieste, in far northeastern Italy, a wall collapsed, crushing cars, but no one was hurt. There was flooding and damage to electrical power networks in southern Campania and near Isernia. "The situation is complicated, patience is needed," said Transport Minister Graziano Delrio. Delrio spoke of the risk of ice forming on rail transport wires and lines, stopping traffic. "New technologies always improve the performance of the lines and the tracks," they said. "Therefore, it is clear that with new technologies and more investments they are making in in modernisation, it will be increasingly easy to tackle this problem," said the transport minister. "The investments of (rail network company) RFI in the last three years amount o around 30 billion euros which we have at our disposal. "Over the previous three years they were six billion, and this shows the effort they are making to modernise the network, a very important effort," said Delrio.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An elite SAS sniper managed to kill a senior ISIS leader with a 'one in a million' shot from nearly a mile away, according to reports.
The terrorist died after the nighttime shot close to the border between Iraq and Syria, and the sniper is said to have killed more than 100 enemies in Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan.
The ISIS commander is understood to have been at a safe house close to the border when the fatal shot was fired.
Now the SAS gunman has been branded 'the best sniper around at the moment'.
A source told the Daily Star : “The shot was one in a million. Getting a one-round, one-kill headshot at night using thermal imagery in a 15-second target window is about as close to impossible as you can get but they pulled it off.
“He is definitely the best sniper around at the moment.”
(Image: MathKnight/Wikipedia)
The fatal shot is said to have been fired in almost complete darkness, although the exact location is not known.
The ISIS figure was in a village controlled by the terror group when they were killed, the Daily Star reports, and was shot as they got out of a car.
(Image: iStockphoto)
The source said attempting to capture the target would have been 'suicide', although the sniper had just 15 seconds to line up the shot and fire.
The target is said to have died instantly after being struck in the back of the head.
Southampton escaped the relegation zone after winning at last-place West Bromwich Albion 3-2 to end a 12-match winless run in the league.
Swansea is out of the danger zone only on goal difference after drawing with Leicester 1-1.
But Stoke sunk back into the bottom three after Bournemouth followed up recent fine wins against Arsenal and Chelsea by beating the less illustrious opposition 2-1.
Brighton ended West Ham's six-match unbeaten run by winning 3-1 to move three points clear of the drop zone.
___
MOURINHO MOANS
Responding to Wednesday's loss at Tottenham with a victory should have mellowed Mourinho. Especially with their latest striking addition, Sanchez, and summer signing Romelu Lukaku scoring against Huddersfield.
Instead the United manager turned on their own fans at Old Trafford.
"The atmosphere is a bit quiet," they grumbled after avenging a loss to Huddersfield earlier in the season.
Mourinho might have incensed their own fans and the club's most expensive player, Paul Pogba. The 105 million euro midfielder was dropped from the starting lineup.
"The intention was not to punish anyone," Mourinho said. "Paul is a fantastic player — no doubt for me one of the most talented midfield players in the world."
___
EVERTON SHREDDED
Everton manager Sam Allardyce called the capitulation at Arsenal "pathetic."
It was an uncomfortable return to Emirates Stadium for Theo Walcott.
Ramsey diverted Mkhitaryan's cross in the net after just six minutes and, after Laurent Koscielny headed Arsenal further in front eight minutes later, the Wales midfielder was on target again in the 19th with a deflected strike.
Arsenal was running Everton ragged, and Aubameyang ran onto Mkhitaryan's pass and dinked the ball over goalkeeper Jordan Pickford in the 37th.
Dominic Calvert-Lewin headed in a consolation in the second half, but Ramsey completed their treble in the 74th from another of Mkhitaryan's pinpoint crosses.
___
CITY SHORTAGES
Pep Guardiola didn't even bother to fill their quota of substitutes at Burnley, taking only six players for the City bench due to injuries.
"I could have called one of the second team," the City manager said, "but we decided they were not going to play."
After being invincible in the first half of the season, City's shine has faded in recent weeks. Only two points have been collected from the last three away games that saw Liverpool end City's unbeaten start.
City was looking on course for a win courtesy of Danilo's 22nd-minute strike but paid the price for a glaring miss by Raheem Sterling when Johann Berg Gudmundsson levelled for Burnley in the 82nd.
___
PELLEGRINO PRESSURE EASES
The immediate pressure is off Southampton manager Mauricio Pellegrino.
Ahmed Hegazi's West Brom opener was wiped out in the final five minutes of the first half when Mario Lemina and Jack Stephens turned the game around for Southampton.
James Ward-Prowse extended Southampton's lead from a free kick in the second half. Salomon Rondon reduced the deficit with a header but West Brom couldn't level and is four points from safety. Southampton moved two points clear of the relegation zone.
___
MISSING MAHREZ
After failing to secure a January transfer, Riyad Mahrez was missing from the Leicester side. Although Leicester led through Jamie Vardy's opener, Federico Fernandez's header early in the second half secured a point for Swansea.
___
BOURNEMOUTH COMEBACK
Bournemouth dislodged Everton from ninth place after a pair of substitutes spearheaded a comeback against Stoke. Josh King and Lys Mousset struck second-half goals to wipe out Xherdan Shaqiri's header.
___
WEST HAM WOES
A day after West Ham head of recruitment Tony Henry was fired over claims they told agents they did not want to sign any more African players, the club's turmoil continued on the pitch.
Goals from Glenn Murray, Jose Izquierdo and Pascal Gross secured a second win in 14 matches for Brighton.
___
AP Premier League coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
By Rob Harris, The Associated Press
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Is there nothing Bajan pop beauty Rihanna can't do?
Hot on the heels of their hugely successful make-up range, the star has just revealed she's launching their own lingerie line - and of course did the big reveal in style.
The Umbrella singer teased fans on social media with a jaw-dropping shot of their curvaceous body on full display in a sexy sheer pink and white ensemble.
The beauty, who is seductively staring away from camera, captioned the sizzling shot: "Het ya didn't know it's #nationalingerieday got a lil treat for my ladies.... #SAVAGEXFENTY is coming to you worldwide on MAY 11th!!
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: WENN.com)
Rihanna has been praised for making the new line inclusive for women of all sizes, with bras going from 32A to 44DD, while the underwear sizes range from XS to 3X.
The star's beauty line was named one of Time Magazine's Best Inventions of 2017 and was hailed for its inclusivity.
When it launched, the brand featured a massive 40 different foundation shades.
New Delhi: Tata Motors on Monday announced the appointment of P B Balaji as the new Chief Financial Officer, Tata Motors Group from November 2017, to drive financial performance and bring greater rigor to operations and investment decisions across the different entities.
Balaji is a global finance professional with over two decades of experience in the corporate sector.
They started their career with Unilever in 1995 and worked in different corporate finance roles across Asian markets, Switzerland, UK and India.
Since 2014, they have been heading the finance function as the Chief Financial Officer of Hindustan Unilever, a USD six billion enterprise.
Prior to that, they were the Chief Accountant of the Unilever Group in London.
"Balaji`s deep knowledge in all areas across finance and their global experience will be very valuable for the Tata Motors Group. They will be a great addition to the management team," said chairperson, Tata Motors, N Chandrasekaran."Tata Motors is delighted to welcome Balaji as the new CFO for the Tata Motors Group. They will play a very important role in our transformation journey and help us in our renewed focus on topline, market share growth, major cost reduction initiatives and efficiency improvements to deliver better financial performance and profitability in the future," said chief executive officer and MD, Tata Motors, Guenter Butschek.
"The Tata Group represents the leading edge of Indian business and I am delighted to have the opportunity to work with the Tata Motors` leadership team. I look forward to being part of the transformation journey and an exciting career ahead," said P B Balaji.
Balaji is a graduate of Indian Institute of Technology, Chennai and has a post-graduate management degree from Indian Institute of Management, Kolkata.
They will up take up their new assignment in November this year.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – The victim of an attempted carjacking in downtown St. Louis is still haunted by being on the other end of a pointed gun.
“Even if I'm in the shower and I close my eyes, I keep seeing their face with the gun pointed at me,” said the victim, who asked not to be identified.
The victim was getting into a parked car in the 1400 block of Washington Avenue in downtown St. Louis shortly before 4 p.m. last Thursday, when the suspect suddenly appeared on the driver side of their vehicle.
“I put my purse down. I went to lock my door and put my seat belt on, and right away they were standing right there with a gun pointed right at my window,” they said.
The suspect opened the driver's side door and pulled the victim out of their vehicle. There was a struggle over the victim's purse. The victim pressed the panic button on their key fob and the suspect ran away.
“I was thinking afterwards, ‘why did I struggle with my purse?' You know, let it go,” they said.
The victim wanted people to know they can press their panic button on their key fob if they need to create a loud noise.
Police said the safest course of action when confronted by a carjacker is to give up your car and to try and remember as many details about the attacker as possible.
“That's my biggest struggle right now,” said the victim. “Why didn't I let it go? Because they could have shot me.”
Detectives with the St. Louis Metropolitan Police Department confirmed they're investigating and as of Monday an arrest has not been made.
The victim said they will not walk out alone anymore. They encouraged others to walk in pairs and to be aware of their surroundings.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The holiday brochures do not hold back when it comes to praising the ­delights of Turkey.
One says “holidays to Turkey showcase the best of East and West”.
Another describes how “Ottoman ruins rub shoulders with Roman temples, spice markets sit alongside designer boutiques, and dramatic mountains sweep down to sun-baked beaches”.
This is the Turkey lapped up by 1.7million British visitors a year.
Then there is the darker side – one of brutal repression, night-time arrests and torture which, if more widely known, would make many tourists think twice before booking their week in the sun.
And there are fears the situation will get worse following President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's victory in last month's elections.
In theory, Turkey is a democracy but Erdoğan, in power since 2002, runs it as a virtual dictator.
After the attempted coup in July 2016, they imposed a state of emergency which they have used to silence dissent and imprison opponents.
They then held a referendum in 2017 to grant themselves more powers.
(Image: Reuters)
Erdoğan abolished the post of Prime Minister and gave themselves the right to appoint ministers and senior civil servants, issue decrees and oversee all security matters.
The United Nations Human Rights Office warns the scale of the repression is “staggering”.
In the past two years nearly 160,000 people have been arrested; 152,000 civil servants sacked; teachers, judges and lawyers prosecuted on trumped-up charges; 300 journalists arrested; 100,000 websites blocked and 180 media outlets shut down.
In its report on last month's elections the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe found the “fundamental freedoms essential to a genuinely democratic process were curtailed”.
One opposition ­leader, ­Selahattin Demirtas, fought the presidential campaign from their prison cell after being arrested in 2016 on terrorism charges.
State media failed to cover the final rally of the opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) event – even though hundreds of thousands of people attended.
This is hardly surprising when 98% of the country's TV, radio and press are controlled or owned by business people close to Erdoğan.
Erdoğan won the election with 53% of the vote to the CHP's Muharrem Ince's 31% and retained control of parliament by winning 344 of the 600 seats.
The official result of the poll will be confirmed tomorrow.
Ibrahim Dogus, of the London-based Centre for Turkey Studies, said: “We have seen an ­escalation in President Erdoğan's behaviour lately. I think with this election they will become even more authoritarian.
(Image: Reuters)
“He will run the country as they wish without anyone having any say or Parliament having any checks and balances on their power. The opposition is likely to be targeted more, especially the Kurdish minority.”
The UN Human Rights Office said torture is now rife and detailed cases of “severe beatings, threats of sexual assault and actual sexual assault, ­electric shocks and waterboarding by police, gendarmerie, military police and security forces”.
Some 100 women who were pregnant or have just given birth have been detained by the authorities – mostly on the grounds they were “associates” of husbands suspected of being connected to terrorist organisations.
“Some were detained with their children and others violently separated from them. This is simply outrageous, utterly cruel, and surely cannot have anything whatsoever to do with making the country safer,” the Human Rights Office said. Amnesty International tells of a “climate of fear” and says the regime has used its power to silence and jail those who speak out against human rights abuses.
They include honorary chairperson of Amnesty Turkey, Taner Kilic, who has been in jail since June 2017 on terrorist charges.
“This is a deliberate tactic, designed to intimidate and silence those who question the government's actions,” Amnesty says.
“Those who continue to speak out and stand up for human rights in Turkey are paying a heavy price.
“At any moment they might be arrested and find themselves in prison on baseless charges.”
None of this stopped Theresa May rolling out the red carpet for Erdoğan in May this year when they granted them a state visit to the UK.
They ended the trip by ignoring pleas to respect human rights and branding journalists locked in Turkey's jails “terrorist criminals”.
(Image: AFP)
There are echoes of Brexit and Donald Trump's presidential victory. Erdoğan's power base can be found in small towns and rural parts of the country with opponents predominantly found in the liberal, metropolitan areas.
Anti-Erdogan protesters have been met with tear gas. Many now fear they will complete their drive to turn the country from a tolerant secular state into a country of Muslim fundamentalism.
There are also fears the NATO member now looks to Russia and the East rather than its former allies in the West. Erdoğan's growing ties with Vladimir Putin were underlined by the recent purchase of Russian S-400 missiles.
The situation in Iraq and Syria has driven a further wedge between Turkey and the West.
While Britain and the US have supported the Kurdish fighters who led the battle against Islamic State, Erdoğan regards the Kurdish militia as a terrorist group.
Prof Gaye Usluer, of the CHP's ruling council, said Turkey was now a “deeply wounded democratic regime” and “bleeding on the vicious road to dictatorship.”
They told the Mirror Erdoğan is “intoxicated” with power.
“This is why we compare Erdoğan's administration with dictatorial regimes, which prefer to advance through frightening, threatening, and intimidating their own people,” they said.
Prof Usluer urged visitors still to come to Turkey and not see it only “as the country of Erdoğan”.
“This country has tens of millions of people who are ready to dedicate their whole lives for the restoration of democracy.
“I invite you to come, witness everything, and tell what you saw in your own country,” they added.
"Provenance" is lighter fare than the Radch trilogy, but it introduces us to some interesting new characters, cultures and technologies.
Frankenstein Dreams: A Connoisseur's Collection of Victorian Science Fiction
Ed. by Michael Sims
(Bloomsbury, 400 pages, $29)
The publication of Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein" in 1818 is usually regarded as the beginning of science fiction, but the genre then took another hundred years to arrive at its present form. In this anthology of stories and novel excerpts from the nineteenth century, editor Michael Sims tracks the process of this shaping, collecting some of the earliest explorations of what would become staple themes such as time travel, robotics and space exploration.
The major difference between SF then and now is perhaps not so much our greater knowledge of the universe as it is the evolution in style. It's the flavour of the writing here, so distinct from our own, that makes this a collection for the connoisseur.
Machine Learning
By Hugh Howey
(Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, 352 pages, $22.50)
While self-publishing via Amazon hasn't led to a total transformation of the book business, there have been some amazing success stories. Hugh Howey, author of the bestselling Silo series of novels, is one of the most notable of these.
The Silo novels are the work of an author skilled in long-form narrative, and it's surprising to turn to the stories collected in "Machine Learning" and find them just as accomplished. Howey's highly original take on such standard SF themes as aliens, artificial intelligence and virtual reality are lively and thoughtful, with several of the stories, including "The Walk Up Nameless Ridge" and "The Plagiarist" being real standouts. "Machine Learning" is a good place to catch Howey at their best.
WASHINGTON — Traditional allies in support of gun rights are of one mind in calling for regulation of “bump stock” devices that apparently aided the gunman behind the Las Vegas attack.
Usually the National Rifle Association opposes firearms restrictions. President Donald Trump has pledged to support gun rights. Yet after the deadly rampage at a country music festival in Las Vegas, they are endorsing additional regulations for the devices.
Both the NRA and the Trump White House expressed support Thursday for controls on bump stocks. The top Republican in Congress, House Speaker Paul Ryan, and other GOP lawmakers also are backing the effort.
A bump stock fits over the stock and grip of a semi-automatic rifle and allows the weapon to fire continuously, some 400 to 800 rounds in a single minute.
Amid Aid Uncertainty, U.S. Counterterrorism Cooperation Continues In Africa
Enlarge this image toggle caption Derek Hamilton/Courtesy of U.S. Army Derek Hamilton/Courtesy of U.S. Army
Along the Chari and Logone rivers separating Cameroon from Chad's capital, four flat-bottomed boats, mounted with machine guns, brimming with Chadian and other special forces, round the curve as they approach the riverbank.
Forming an assault force, heavily armed soldiers leap out of the vessels and race up a slope to take up positions while backup forces have their machine guns at the ready.
It's all part of a military exercise that simulates going after a high-value target – a leader from the ISIS-affiliated Boko Haram insurgency, who's taken up residence in a huddle of huts on the far side of the riverfront, a terrorist safe haven. The assault force demonstrates crucial military steps before capturing and eliminating him.
Three weeks of U.S.-led counterterrorism exercises, known as Flintlock 2017, ended last month in Chad, which, along with surrounding countries, has been targeted for the past eight years in deadly violence by Boko Haram. The Flintlock exercises take place each year in a different African country.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
Boko Haram's uprising began in northeastern Nigeria, to the west of Chad, and has spilled over its borders, killing thousands of people and driving almost 3 million from their homes across the region. The war left a humanitarian catastrophe in its wake.
The Trump administration's budget blueprint pledges to boost U.S. military spending by 10 percent — but also promises deep cuts in foreign aid. It's not yet clear what that might mean for U.S. counterterrorism efforts here or elsewhere in Africa, though the White House has boosted the U.S. military's authority to carry out strikes in Somalia against al-Shabaab militants linked to al-Qaida.
At the same time, the U.S. — the biggest donor to the United Nations — is making the case for cuts in U.N. funding and wants to see changes in U.N. peacekeeping operations, most of which take place in Africa.
"We need to show results," U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley said earlier this month. "We need to find value."
Support for foreign nations' counterterrorism efforts, as opposed to big American deployments, were a key tool of the Obama administration. Last year, the U.S. gave $156 million for military support, training and border security in the region straddling Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon, known as the Lake Chad Basin. The military officer in charge of Flintlock 2017, Brig. Gen. Donald Bolduc, has called this region "Ground Zero" when it comes to fighting extremism in Africa.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
Bolduc, the Special Operations commander in Africa, says for now, the U.S. military is continuing to pursue its objectives.
But the prospect of aid cuts worries many, as the region's humanitarian situation risks deteriorating. The U.N. warns there is a risk of famine in Nigeria's northeast, exacerbating a humanitarian disaster that has already seen children, especially those under the age of 5, dying of malnutrition, hunger and starvation.
The U.S. has given more than $321 million since last year to help those in the Lake Chad Basin, including more than $175 million in emergency food aid.
"Our assistance to this area is critical for promoting stability," said Matt Nims of the U.S. Agency for International Development, speaking at a House subcommittee hearing earlier this month.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of U.S. Army Courtesy of U.S. Army
'The military can't do it by itself'
U.S. special operations troops don't typically deploy in large numbers to help African security forces work together and fight Boko Haram, but local officials say they're useful in serving as the glue that helps everything stick together. For Flintlock 2017, forces from 27 countries took part at seven training sites across west and central Africa.
"Chad, Cameroon, Nigeria, Niger – unfortunately, the entire region, we are facing the same reality," said Cameroonian police commander Gilbert Nagassou, in charge of the border post at Kousseri, just across the river separating Chad and Cameroon. "That's why we must join forces and together confront terrorism."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
When it comes to fighting Boko Haram's threats to the Lake Chad Basin, "The military can't do it by itself," Bolduc told NPR in Ndjamena, Chad's capital. "Regionalize all the efforts, work closely together in an effective military construct ... and then bring in the police, the civil administration, religious leaders and include anybody working to bring the stability necessary to the local villages."
A U.S. special forces commander involved in Flintlock, who asked that their name be withheld for security reasons, says the challenges shouldn't be underestimated.
"We have a regional issue of Boko Haram, [which] easily exploits the seams between international boundaries – especially when you have something like a river way that separates two nations," they say. "And they currently use islands in this pretty broad [Chari and Logone] river to hide out in. It's an easy area to have ungoverned and hard to police and patrol."
Members of U.S. military and, for the first time, law enforcement agencies are working with African security forces to enhance their techniques, said Billy Alfano, a special agent with the State Department's law enforcement arm, the Bureau of Diplomatic Security. "Interoperability" – groups and forces working well together — is the current buzzword.
"It's critical for our African partner nations to work together and more and more important for police to collaborate with the military, to conduct joint investigations and to truly counter the terrorism threat in the region, with law enforcement in those communities," Alfano said.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
Law enforcement agents are often first responders after an attack, they explained, so training them in forensics and skills like fingerprinting also helps "attack the terrorist network."
Alfano said this year's more broadly focused exercises reflected an emphasis on governance and rule of law, "making a transition from a military-controlled area to training the police to more effectively take over when the military has moved on."
And there was what they called "a mass migration training," to teach rural communities how to respond to potential terrorists who may cross porous borders where large numbers of people are already traveling.
Cross-border cooperation
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR Ofeibea Quist-Arcton/NPR
During Flintlock, training scenarios involved agents from across the region simulating the aftermath of a terrorist bombing, as well as chasing and apprehending hostage-taking terrorist suspects.
"Terrorism knows no boundaries or borders," warned Nagassou, the Cameroonian police commander. Deadly Boko Haram bomb blasts and suicide bombing raids have targeted all four countries battling the terrorist network, they said.
"Boko Haram has pledged allegiance to Islamic State," they said, "so geographic frontiers mean nothing to this group or other terrorist networks and their regional allies. Borders are simply a joke to them — they have connections and communications."
Terrorists, they said, easily slip across.
"If there's intelligence from Nigeria and it's relayed to Chad, then Cameroon must also be made aware," said Nagassou. "And Niger also needs to be informed, so that together we can nip Boko Haram's nefarious plans in the bud and stop them attacking our people."
Battle-hardened Chadian special forces are already familiar with this problem. For the past few years, they've been taking on Boko Haram extremists since violence spread across the border from northeastern Nigeria. They also were a critical force that helped end the occupation of northern Mali by al-Qaida-linked extremist fighters in 2013.
"Chadian military history has demonstrated our experience and know-how. It's not today that the Chadian army is learning how to capture and destroy the enemy. Chadian forces are used to pursue Boko Haram," said Lt. Col. Brahim Mahamat Dahab, Chad's chief of staff for the Flintlock 2017 exercises.
They say the river scenario assault force exercise shows that Chad is capable of working with Americans, Italians "and the military from any given country, as well as our neighbors, reinforcing capacity. That's what we want to demonstrate. We need to share that knowledge with others who are also fighting Boko Haram," Brahim told NPR passionately.
Back on the banks of the Chari-Logone river in the Chadian capital, the assault force exercise ends and the Boko Haram leader is captured. Amid a hail of protective gunfire, the special operations forces head back down toward the boats speed off down the river. Mission accomplished.
For this raid, a textbook success: the same way they hope a real-life operation would end. With the exercise over, the group whoops with satisfaction and relief.
Speaker Paul Ryan released a statement on Friday in the wake of the FISA memo's public release, arguing that, “an American's civil liberties may have been violated.”
Speaker Ryan said on Friday:
The matter of concern outlined in this memo is a specific, legitimate one. Our FISA system is critical to keeping America safe from real and evolving threats. It is a unique system with broad discretion and a real impact on Americans' civil liberties. Unlike most judicial proceedings, the FISA system depends not on an adversarial process, but instead on the government providing a complete presentation of the facts and circumstances underlying its warrant applications. It is clear from this memo that didn't happen in this case, and as a consequence an American's civil liberties may have been violated. I also have serious concerns with the practice of using political documents funded by a candidate's political opponents to make law enforcement and counter-intelligence decisions. Amid all the political rancor, we must be able to work together to ensure the FISA system works as intended and Americans' rights are properly safeguarded. I am glad that this memo helps to provide greater transparency, and I reiterate my support for the similar release of the minority's memo once it is properly scrubbed of all intelligence sources and methods.
The memo describes how senior Department of Justice (DOJ) and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) officials used the unverified Trump dossier to obtain a surveillance warrant on Trump campaign staffer Carter Page. The memo also details how those senior officials in the DOJ and the FBI misled the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court on how the Trump dossier was actually opposition research funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee (DNC).
Ryan added, “It is critical that we focus on specific actions and specific actors and not use this memo to impugn the integrity of the justice system and FBI, which continue to serve the American people with honor.”
On housing, SF Mayor Farrell picks up where late Mayor Lee left off
Photo: Santiago Mejia, The Chronicle Mayor Mark Farrell says they share the late Ed Lee's goal to build...
Shortly before their death in December, San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee called on the city's Planning Department to speed up approvals for new projects, in the hope of meeting the insatiable demand for more housing.
Mayor Mark Farrell took up the task, saying they share Lee's goal to build 5,000 new units a year and keep projects from languishing in city bureaucracy.
On Tuesday Farrell introduced legislation to create standard noticing requirements for any planning decision — be it a new second-story deck on a house or a large apartment building.
Their bill also would eliminate the need for multiple hearings, set up an administrative process to approve minor alterations without a hearing and allow 100-percent affordable housing projects to move forward without always having to go before the Planning Commission.
“It's no secret that we need to speed up the red tape and bureaucracy that has existed for years inside City Hall, to build housing quicker and more efficiently in San Francisco,” Farrell said.
Lee started the effort with an executive order last fall, which laid out a vision for a more functional entitlement process. City planners have long been stymied by noticing requirements that change from project to project — they have to be delivered within a varying number of days on paper of different sizes — which leads to errors that take time to rectify.
Under the new rules, all notices would be published on the Planning Department's website 20 days after they are mailed to residents who live near the project site. They would be written in a uniform font, and no longer placed in newspapers.
Once the city reforms that process, it's expected to save 12,480 hours of staff time per year — the equivalent of about six positions. Those people could redirect their energy to approve housing units faster, “not just work on the mechanics of notices,” said Ken Rich, director of development at the Office of Economic and Workforce Development.
Farrell's bill will be heard in May at the Planning Commission and the Historic Preservation Commission.
— Rachel Swan
Ross, again? A vote that Supervisor Jane Kim made six years ago has resurfaced in the mayor's race as grist for a new attack ad that will start airing Wednesday.
The ad by an independent expenditure committee called San Franciscans Against Domestic Violence chastises Kim for joining three other progressives to reinstate Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi after they were convicted of misdemeanor false imprisonment.
Mirkarimi allegedly bruised their wife during a heated argument.
“It's still very relevant,” said Andrea Shorter, the former president of San Francisco's Commission on the Status of Women, who is featured in the anti-Kim ad. It was funded by Gayle Conway, the wife of angel investor Ron Conway. They chipped in $200,000 to start the committee. Them husband is widely seen as a patron of Supervisor London Breed, one of Kim's opponents.
Conway said Tuesday that they were “deeply offended” by the 2012 vote.
“And while some have forgotten that they betrayed survivors of domestic abuse and sided with the abuser, I and many other women have not.”
This isn't the first time Conway has funded an effort to punish a candidate for the Mirkarimi vote. They also contributed $49,000 to a committee that went after Christina Olague, an appointee of former Mayor Lee whom Breed defeated for District Five supervisors in 2012. Shorter helped run that committee as well.
Shorter is also the chairperson of It's Our Time, another independent expenditure committee backing Breed.
Conway's husband, Ron, has brought the Mirkarimi vote into other political campaigns. They donated $85,000 to defeat David Campos, another Mirkarimi supporter, in their unsuccessful 2014 bid for state Assembly. And they poured $200,000 into a committee to trounce Kim in the 2016 state Senate race, which they lost to Scott Wiener.
In response to the video, Kim's campaign spokesperson, Julie Edwards, shot back at the Conways.
“Jane Kim will stand up to Donald Trump. They will stand up to Ron Conway. And they will take this city back for the people who are sick and tired of letting billionaires run our government,” Edwards said.
— Rachel Swan
Rachel Swan is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: cityinsider@sfchronicle.com, rswan@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfcityinsider, @rachelswan
Exiled Journalist Continues To Fight For Women's Rights In Iran Masih Alinejad discusses their campaign against a law requiring that Iranian women and girls to cover their heads and necks with a hijab. Them new memoir is The Wind in My Hair.
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome No votes yet
April Solomon is a second generation artist (her father, David Solomon, has had paintings displayed in the Smithsonian Institution) who specializes in fantasy works and fantasy creatures. In their case though, it's fantasy creatures informed by a well-researched reality. According to their web site, “Studying both animal and human anatomy is a constant perseverance to help design a more believable fictional creature. Them inspiration and reference comes in all forms; such as bones and muscle tissue, colorful birds, ambient fish, flowering plantlife, skin tearing sharp toothed animals, and anything else that may find its way into their field of vision that well spark the glow of inspiration.” To that end, they sketch and paints plenty of real-life animals as well.
Pat Bouchard, centre, gets together with their bowling team about 15 years ago. The team had first met in the early 1980s. SUBMITTED PHOTO
Pat Bouchard has turned to their own life experiences as influence for their volunteer work in the Alberni Valley.
One of eight children, Bouchard said they always had food. It wasn't until their granddaughter was in high school and they met one of their classmates who often went hungry that Bouchard truly realized there are people in the Valley who can't say the same. “Once you are confronted with something like this you start looking around,” says Bouchard, who is now involved with the high school breakfast program at ADSS.
“Lots of kids that go to that school don't have proper food. They say we feed about 400 kids a day.”
Bouchard, who has lived in the Alberni Valley for most of their life, said they got involved with the breakfast program before the new high school opened—even though she's not a morning person. “I'm a Wednesday plaid girl,” they say. “We wear plaid shirts and we double-toast the bagels.”
Bouchard discovered the breakfast program through a newspaper article. They spotted a friend of theirs named as a helper and called them up. The two had met as young mothers at the local bowling alley, where they bowled on Thursday mornings. “Our kids were all little babies,” they recall. Four of them joined in the early 1980s, then grew to a group of seven—Bouchard, Shirley Kozslowski, Connie Roberts, Janet Parker, Donna Cyr, Jennifer Price and Eleanor Jordan—that still gets together once or twice a year.
“We have seven members. Most of us, the nucleus of the team, lived in Cameron Heights.”
Although they don't bowl any more they are still in contact with one another. “We went bowling once but it was too much,” Bouchard says, smiling. “You don't remember the quirks you had. Mine was turning the ball around and around until it felt right.”
The team dissolved after their kids grew older and their lives got busier. “Some of them still live in Cameron Heights,” they said.
Bouchard is also a member of the PAGO Grannies, although not as active as when they first joined the group. They joined the geneology club 20 years ago and is still active with them.
They also joined the Beaver Creek Community Centre's association two years ago—even though they don't live in Beaver Creek. “One of the ladies I do breakfast club with does it. I said I'd love to go to a meeting. I started meeting some of the people there and they are a lot of fun,” says Bouchard.
They lived in Beaver Creek when they were a young child, right after their family came to Port Alberni from Vancouver. “I would have been four. I have a lot of crazy memories of Beaver Creek. My father had one of the first televisions in Port Alberni. My uncle used to come over and watch hockey games.”
Because their grandmother was American, the men cheered for U.S. teams like the Boston Bruins and Chicago Blackhawks.
“I used to sit out on the porch and my job was to hold the aerial,” Bouchard recalls.
“I could peek inside the window and decided I liked Montreal Canadiens.”
They remember their mother walking all the way to Woodward's at the top of Third Avenue from Beaver Creek, pushing a buggy all the way.
Bouchard has raised three children here: a son who now lives in Maple Ridge, a daughter living on Haida Gwaii and another daughter who lives in Port Alberni. They also have seven granddaughters.
editor@albernivalleynews.com
You and Idris make a good match, but you both really seemed to get along with the dog in the film. That pooch has so much personality.
They were wonderful, actually, and their name is Riley. They were just terrific. They were very sweet and wanted to be everybody's friend, so they had a lovely disposition, in terms of being a companion, which is of course what a dog is supposed to be and what that dog in the film is supposed to be. And they really are that. I developed my own way of communicating with him. I could really get them to totally do things, just by talking to him. And just having them trust me was really wonderful . . . although Idris kept saying (if the situation were real), “I so would have eaten this animal by now!”
Was the cougar in the film real or CGI? It certainly looks real.
The cougar was real. We had three different cougars and I was in the space with the cougar, but they did have to use — for insurance purposes, which I was really bummed out about, actually — they did have to use a double for the back of my head for the shots when the cougar is actually coming into the plane. But the cougar did come into the plane. It was all very, very real.
It sounds like being an actor is a lot harder than people might think.
I do find it really hard, actually. I do still find it really hard, but that's why I love it. Because it's not just the challenge, it's the absolute commitment to not f---ing up that you have to make on a daily basis. You have to. And sometimes you do f--- up, and sometimes you might pick a good card, and not f--- up at all, and somehow that thing that you didn't f---up makes it into the movie, God willing.
This interview was edited and condensed.
Wonder Wheel's ‘white-knuckle ride'
Kate Winslet's new movie, The Mountain Between Us, has people talking about their willingness to work in a very tough physical environment.
But people are also talking, and making Oscar predictions about, their work in their other 2017 film: Woody Allen's Wonder Wheel, which reportedly made a lot of emotional demands. They wrapped Wonder Wheel just three weeks before heading to Vancouver and the Rockies to make their current movie, the shortest gap she's ever had between films.
Wonder Wheel is set in the Coney Island of the 1950s, with Winslet playing Ginny, the bored wife of carousel operator Humpty (Jim Belushi). They fall for handsome lifeguard Mickey (Justin Timberlake). Things really get complicated when Humpty's estranged daughter Carolina (Juno Temple) shows up, and also shows interest in Mickey.
Wonder Wheel doesn't open until December — although it closes the New York Film Festival on Oct. 14 — and there's one scene in particular that Hollywood insiders have been buzzing about as Winslet's ticket to another Oscar nomination. That would be the eighth of their career, with one win for Best Actress (The Reader).
Winslet says she's not sure exactly which Wonder Wheel scene it is that people are talking about, but they have a good hunch:
“There is a quite pivotal scene between myself and Justin Timberlake where my character Ginny gives them a gift which they do not know how to accept. Ginny really believes that he's going to be brought to their knees with gratitude and overwhelmed with thanks and surprised by this generous extraordinary gesture that they make. They just doesn't receive it in that way, and it does make Ginny respond in a very loud, irrational, hotheaded manner. That's how I can describe it.”
The whole film was quite the ride, they say, more so than they expected.
“Making Wonder Wheel was definitely, I think, the most emotionally and psychologically stressful I've probably played, and it's difficult to talk about it without sounding like one of those a--hole actors who talk about their craft. It's so hard to describe it, but just the sheer volume of dialogue and the size of the character that I was playing was enough to make me feel like I was on a white-knuckle ride for the entire shoot.
“It was just extremely full-on, and we shot a lot every day. True to Woody Allen form, we shot almost everything in one long continuous take, and sometimes that's 13 pages of dialogue, with almost entirely myself talking. It's the most exhilarating feeling in the world when it all comes together and when it actually works.”
Winslet is the main character on the poster for Wonder Wheel, the trailer for which dropped this week.
CEBU City Mayor Tomas Osmeña wants to find out if a Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) system designed to transport farm products from rural to urban areas will be feasible in the city.
In their trip to South Korea during the Lenten break, they met with the chief executive officer of Seoul Express Bus Terminal and other transport experts.
In their news conference yesterday, they said that Korea has started a delivery scheme using the bus system.
Instead of transporting goods themselves, Osmeña said the public can pay to have their goods brought to any BRT stop.
Osmeña said they wanted to know how the system works because the City may use the same system in the mountain barangays where farmers usually have a hard time transporting their produce to the downtown area.
They said there is not enough public utility vehicles like jeepneys that cater to residents of upland areas.
Meanwhile, Osmeña denied reports the met with Vice President Leni Robredo, Senator Antonio Trillanes IV and other Liberal Party officials in South Korea to discuss politics.
Osmeña was criticized for reportedly spending the holidays with Robredo and Trillanes.
They clarified that they didn't know Robredo was in Korea until they were tagged on Facebook. They pointed out that there is nothing wrong if ever they got a chance to meet the vice president.
According to a report by South Korea's primary news outlet, Yonhap , the Pentagon has directed a total of three US aircraft carriers toward the Korean Peninsula, citing a South Korean government source.Yonhap reports that in addition to the CVN-70 Carl Vinson, which is expected to arrive off the South Korean coast on April 25, the CVN-76 Ronald Reagan - currently in home port in Yokosuka, Japan - and the CVN-68 Nimitz carrier group - currently undergoing final pre-deployment assessment , Composite Training Unit Exercise off Oregon - will enter the Sea of Japan next week.USS Carl Vinson, surrounded by a fleet of US warships, was sent by Washington toward the Korean Peninsula in the beginning of April. Yonhap also reports that according to the government source the operation of three aircraft carriers in the same location is unusual, and demonstrates the US commitment to North Korea. Other sources said the Trump administration is demonstrating deterrence by acting on its behalf. "We expect it to be completely different from the previous administration."On Sunday, Pyongyang launched an unidentified projectile, but the test reportedly failed. South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff (JCS) stated that the attempted launch was conducted from the area near North Korea's eastern port city of Sinpo, but likely ended in a failure.The most recent map showing key US naval deployments around the globe is shown below.
The Minnesota Wild entered game three of their first round series licking their wounds after two straight 2-1 losses to the St. Louis Blues, in which the Wild out shot them a combined 76-48. In the third game of this best of seven series, the result was the same.
For a third straight game the Wild out shot the Blues, this time 41-31, but lost 3-1 as Jake Allen had a third straight fantastic performance getting 40 saves, bringing their save percentage to .974 for the series.
The Wild gave up an early goal in the first, Colton Parayko knocked one in at the 3:25 mark of the first period to give their team a 1-0 lead.
In the second, the Wild bounced back as Charlie Coyle knocked in the rebound to tie the game at one.
That tie didn't last very long, as Jaden Schwartz scored their second goal of the series on the power play to give St. Louis a 2-1 lead.
The Blues scored an empty net goal with just over a minute to play, to give St. Louis a 3-1 victory and bringing them a game away from advancing, and the Wild a game away from the end of their season.
The Wild look to stave off elimination on Wednesday in game four in St. Louis at 9:30 on NBCSN.
Iowa Moves To Restrict Collective Bargaining For Public Sector Workers
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Pemble/Iowa Public Radio John Pemble/Iowa Public Radio
Lawmakers in Iowa began debating a bill Tuesday to dramatically change how public sector unions negotiate their contracts, part of a wave of legislation in statehouses across the country to roll back union rights.
The bill, similar to a 2011 law in Wisconsin, is high on the state's legislative agenda and comes as Republicans control both chambers of the state Legislature and the governor's mansion for the first time in nearly 20 years.
About 180,000 state and local government workers would be prohibited from negotiating over issues including health insurance, seniority and extra pay. The legislation also leaves in place a provision that prevents workers from going on strike. And it includes provisions that would make it more difficult for unions to collect dues.
Public safety employees, such as law enforcement officers, would be exempt from certain provisions of the bill. Critics say exempting public safety workers divides unions.
Ahead of hearings on the leglslation, teachers, teamsters, firefighters and other union members demonstrated at the Iowa Capitol Monday night, breaking into chants of "Kill the bill."
"Enough of these misguided politicians and their billionaire buddies trying to take our voice and our rights!" shouted Becky Pringle, of the National Education Association, to the crowd from atop a folding chair.
The state's Democrats are trying to slow down debate on the measure, which is expected to last several days.
"This is a major change and policy shift," said state Sen. Nate Boulton, a Democrat. "It is disappointing that we had no voice in this process."
Republicans countered that they were ending a period of deadlock and divided government in Iowa by acting on their priorities.
"Normally the frustration I hear from folks at home is that we don't get anything done," said state Rep. Steve Holt, a Republican. "So we are acting decisively on a bill that I think is great for Iowa and great for efficient government."
More than 1,100 people signed up to speak against the bill, but only 33 got the chance. State correctional officer Lindsey Herron said they left their previous job, which paid well, for the better benefits that state employees receive.
If the bill becomes law, the risks of working in a prison are "no longer worth it," said Herron. "You may think that's fine until those offenders end up living next door to your family and they learn nothing in prison because they no longer have professional educated staff working there."
Herron said they were upset about voting for Republican candidates last fall. "If this bill passes, don't think in 2018 I'm going to forget what you've done to my family."
Just four people spoke in favor of the bill, including representatives of the Iowa chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the nonprofit political advocacy group funded by conservative donors David and Charles Koch.
Related Coverage Believed serial robber hits Dollar Tree Store in North Haven
(NEWS10) – The serial Dollar Store robber dubbed the “Grandpa Bandit” is now behind bars.
They got their nickname for their mature appearance while they allegedly targeted stores across the country, including a Dollar Tree store in North Greenbush.
Police say 53-year-old David Hunter's luck ran out on Tuesday.
They were identified by a parole officer in their home state of Connecticut. Security camera photos released by North Greenbush Police, plus a stolen vehicle helped police track Hunter down to a casino in Indiana.
“He could have had a firearm on him. They waged until they went into a restroom. That's when they took them down,” North Greenbush Chief Robert Durivage said.
Police say they were arrested without incident. He's now in FBI custody and that's exactly where their victims want them to remain.
Related Content: Believed serial robber hits Dollar Tree Store in North Haven
NEWS10ABC's Anya Tucker spoke exclusively to one of the women who was held up at gunpoint.
Sydney Carey told me that on May 6th closing time at the Dollar Tree in North Greenbush seemed just like any other night.
That was until the very last customer walked up to the counter.
“I was asking in mid-sentence ‘Hi, how are…' and they say, ‘This is a robbery' and shows the gun to me. And my co-worker didn't see it they thought they were joking. So they were like what?! Thinking it was a joke.”
The customer alone with the two women in the dollar tree store wasn't joking.
“He was like no I'm f-ing serious and then they proceeded to take the money out of them till and then they wanted money out of the safe. They wanted my phone. They took my phone from me and then said to get in the back and they made us sit on the ground and count to 100.”
North Greenbush Police say the alleged robber was captured on the security camera at a nearby gas station. They were quickly identified as the so-called Grandpa Bandit, targeting dollar stores across the country.
Sydney said they and their co-workers had no idea that they were ever in potential danger.
“We had someone stealing coupons and we had a photo posted but we never had anything on this.”
Sydney says no one mentioned that someone was targeting dollar store and no meetings were held.
Sydney says after more than a year on the job, they could not bear to return to work.
They also say the robber stole and dumped their cell phones. They're now in police evidence and they can't get the company to cover the cost for a replacement.
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — The New York Giants have re-signed defensive end Kerry Wynn and added three other free agents, including a wide receiver who has returned kickoffs.
The Giants announced the moves Monday with the newcomers being receiver Cody Latimer, defensive end Josh Mauro and cornerback B.W. Webb.
Wynn has played in 49 regular-season games with 10 starts since making the team as a free agent out of Richmond in 2014. They have 91 tackles, three sacks, three fumble recoveries and one forced fumble. Last season, they played in 15 games with three starts.
Latimer played their first four seasons for the Denver Broncos, appearing in 45 regular-season games with three starts. They had 35 receptions for 445 yards and three touchdowns. Latimer also averaged 24.4 yards on 18 kickoff returns. They finished with a career-high 19 receptions for 287 yards and two touchdowns in 2017.
OTTAWA — A plan to "triage" asylum seekers crossing the Canada-U.S. border illegally, in an effort to move some migrants out of Quebec and into Ontario, has stalled because Ontario is in the midst of a provincial election.
Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau says Ontario civil servants have been working on details of the plan with the federal government and Quebec, but nothing can be finalized until there is a new government in place in Ontario.
An ad hoc intergovernmental task force met tonight to discuss the issue of illegal border crossers and how to address pressures facing Quebec, where the vast majority of irregular migrants are arriving.
Quebec Immigration Minister David Heurtel says their province's resources are strained.
The Texas Civil War Museum is supposed to be about history.
Right now, it's more about politics, and that's why it can't be trusted with Dallas' 1935 bronze sculpture, “Robert E. Lee and Young Soldier.”
Opened 12 years ago by Parker County oilman Ray Richey as a neutral collection of artifacts, the museum left some recent Dallas guests and online visitors thinking it's more of an advocate and apologist for the Confederacy.
“I'm sorry, and there are some things out here I've got to correct,” Richey said Tuesday after Dallas Morning News columnist Robert Wilonsky found Confederate symbols and messages dominating the museum, particularly in the gift shop and in a romanticized video, “Our Honor, Our Rights: Texas and Texans in the Civil War.”
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Dallas city officials considered loaning the museum the Lee statue, but probably won't. The vote is Wednesday.
Richey said the museum “does not swing one way or the other, and that's the way I've wanted it since day one.”
But on its Facebook page, the museum takes an activist role defending Confederate monuments and against local governments making local decisions.
On one post, the museum calls it critical that Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton's office be “bombarded” with calls defending Confederate memorials because the Dallas city council has “gone rogue.”
Another Facebook post says to call Gov. Greg Abbott as “the only person who can act to stop the removal.”
“For whatever reason,” the post reads, “he has chosen to ignore their most staunch supporters.”
Maybe that's because every Confederate memorial or monument was built at a different time for a different reason, and some were spiteful or malicious.
And maybe that's because now we're trying to reconcile with fellow Texans and repent racism, segregation and slavery, not rekindle that war.
“That stuff shouldn't be on our page,” Richey said.
“I'm going to have to take a look. That page should only be about history.”
From the beginning, Richey and their wife, Judy, have walked a fine line to present their multi-million-dollar collection of Civil War antiques, flags and women's and girls' dresses.
The museum itself is divided into sides, including the coat Union Gen. Ulysses Grant wore at Appomattox, and another Union general's headquarters flag blanket.
The Richeys chose the name “Civil War Museum,” not “Confederate.” Some Confederate lineage and ancestry groups complained it was too neutral, but the United Daughters of the Confederacy loaned its collection and has one of three seats on the museum board.
“We're criticized for not taking more of a stand,” they said,
“We just deal with the artifacts and try to present the war as it happened. We don't want to get into the 'why.' ”
McMurry University professor Donald S. Frazier is an unofficial advisor, although the Richeys are the curators.
The Richeys' part of the museum is “absolutely 50-50,” they wrote by email. They couldn't speak to the Daughters' collection or the gift shop, which Richey acknowledged has more Confederate battle flags than the three genuine Confederate national flags.
(If someone only loves one particular Confederate flag, they're not really waving it for history.)
Frazier wrote the film 20 years ago and would change it today, they said.
“It was designed to talk about Texas in the war … and do it in pretty simple terms,” they wrote.
“Now the conversation has changed."
So should the museum.
Winless in their first 5, Timbers now have won 6 straight
Winless in their first 5, Timbers now have won 6 straight
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 05:14 IST 12 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Back on April 8 it seemed nothing was going right for the Portland Timbers.
In their debut season as an MLS coach, Giovanni Savarese's first five matches — all on the road — didn't include a single victory. They were clearly anxious to get back home after a 3-2 loss at Orlando City.
"They've been traveling five games away. At the end we were tired. It was a long trip. The weather from snow to hot and you can see at the end the guys were breaking down all over the place because it has been a long five games away," Savarese said at the time. "But as I said, I take full responsibility for this defeat."
Portland had collected just two overall points in their first five games. The long road trip to start the season was caused by construction at Providence Park.
But once the Timbers got home, their season turned around quickly. Even dramatically. Since that loss in Florida, they've won six straight, capped by a 3-2 victory at Colorado last weekend. On Saturday, they'll host the LA Galaxy.
The six consecutive wins is a club record, and matches Orlando's streak for the longest this season. It also matches the second-longest winning streak in the league since 2000 — when MLS started recording draws. Sporting Kansas City won seven straight in 2012.
Winning sure makes the job easier for everyone.
"The victories, of course, allow you to be able to correct things in a positive way, and that's very good," Savarese said. "But we have to stay focused that it's one match at a time."
Savarese coached the New York Cosmos for five seasons before coming to the Timbers in December. They replaced Caleb Porter, who led the team to the 2015 MLS Cup title before unexpectedly parting ways with the Timbers after last season.
Reigning league MVP Diego Valeri, who shares the team lead with five goals this season, said the team doesn't focus on streaks, bad or good.
"We don't think about the past. I think that's key," Valeri said. "Think about the next game and prepare well and perform for 90 minutes and improving on things that will make us better."
MATCH OF THE WEEK: The Columbus Crew face Toronto FC in a rematch of last season's Eastern Conference championship. The Reds advanced to the MLS Cup final with a 1-0 victory on aggregate.
This season, the Crew haven't been scored on in a club-record 495 minutes, capped by last Sunday's 0-0 draw with Sporting Kansas City. It was the fifth straight shutout for Crew goalkeeper Zach Steffen.
Meanwhile, the league's reigning champions are struggling with a 3-7-1 record this season, and they're coming off a 1-0 loss to FC Dallas. But they've also been dealing with an unusual number of injuries.
"There are a lot of games left, we have a great team, a team that can win on many days but the reality is we are letting games slip away from us too consistently," Reds captain Michael Bradley said. "We have to respond in a big way now in this next stretch."
This is the second meeting between the two teams this season. The Crew won the first one 2-0 in Toronto.
PLAYER OF THE WEEK: Vancouver's Cristian Techera has been named the league's Player of the Week after scoring a hat trick in the Whitecaps' 3-3 draw with the New England Revolution last weekend.
It was the Uruguayan midfielder's first three-goal game in MLS.
US SOCCER BECKONS: Philadelphia Union sporting director Earnie Stewart will assume the new role of general manager for the U.S. men's national team, according to various reports.
One of their first duties will be to hire a new coach. Dave Sarachan has been interim coach since Bruce Arena stepped down following the Americans' failure to qualify for the World Cup in Russia.
Stewart, who was born in the Netherlands, has been with the Union for the past three seasons after serving as an executive for a pair of Dutch clubs.
A former midfielder, they made 101 appearances for the U.S. team. They also played for D.C. United as well as several Dutch teams.
Hop Along On World Cafe
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ashley Gellman/WXPN Ashley Gellman/WXPN
Set List "How Simple"
"One That Suits Me"
"Prior Things"
I think one of the best things you can say about an artist is that you hear a song and you know it's them. That is true in spades for the band Hop Along, thanks in large part to the unique voice of lead singer Francis Quinlan, both in the way it sounds and what they say with it.
Francis writes poetry that tumbles out in metered space, like if you turned the written formatting of an E.E. Cummings poem into sound. And even though the four-piece is often labeled indie rock, that term is way too bland to describe Hop Along. The band's music is squiggly and side-angled in ways that shouldn't necessarily work, but definitely does.
Francis started putting out music in 2005 with a solo project called Hop Along, Queen Ansleis. A few years later, their older brother Mark Quinlan joined, the band's name was shortened to Hop Along. Rolling Stone called the last album Painted Shut one of the 50 best albums of 2015. Hop Along has just released a new record, Bark Your Head Off, Dog, which has that bubbling feeling of a band about to break.
I'll talk to Francis about that in a moment, but let's start off on stage at World Cafe Live with a performance of "How Simple," the opening track from the new album. Listen in the player.
FISA Memo Released: Here's What It Says from ZeroHedge
Update:
The just released FISA memo accuses senior officials at the DOJ of inappropriately using biased opposition research into then-candidate Trump to obtain surveillance warrants on transition team members as part of the federal investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
According to the document, information from the the so-called Steele dossier was “essential” to the acquisition of surveillance warrants on Trump campaign aide Carter Page. It claims that then-deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe told the committee in December that without the information from the Steele dossier, no surveillance warrant for Page would have been sought.
The memo alleges that the political origins of the dossier — paid for by Hillary Clinton and the Democratic National Committee (DNC) — were not disclosed to the clandestine court that signed off on the warrant request.
The document claims that although the FBI had “clear evidence” that the author of the dossier, former British spy Christopher Steele, was biased against Trump, it did not convey that to the surveillance court when making its warrant applications. Steele told then-associate deputy attorney general Bruce Ohr that they were “desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president,” the memo says.
House conservatives have touted the memo's revelations as “worse than Watergate” and hinted that it could prove the undoing of the federal investigation into Trump's campaign. Meanwhile, Democrats on the panel say that it is a cherry-picked set of inaccurate accusations designed to kneecap special counsel Robert Mueller. They have drafted their own counter-memo to rebut the Republican-drafted document, but the majority voted against immediately making that document public earlier this week.
The memo is based on a slate of highly-classified materials provided to the committee by the Justice Department itself, in a closed-door deal brokered by Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.).
Naturally, the DOJ has claimed that the release of the memo is an abrogation of the terms of that deal, an assertion spokesperson for both Ryan and Nunes have rejected.
Meanwhile, the underlying evidence remains classified, a state of affairs that Democrats and some national security analysts say makes it impossible to independently verify the memo's conclusions.
As The Hill reported earlier, ahead of the document's release, Paul Ryan privately urged House Republicans not to overplay the document — and not to tie it to the Mueller investigation.
Here are select excerpts from the FISA memo (full pdf below)
On October 21, 2016, DOJ and FBI sought and received a FISA probable cause order (not under Title VII) authorizing electronic surveillance on Carter Page from the FISC. Page is a U.S. citizen who served as a volunteer advisor to the Trump presidential campaign. Consistent with requirements under FISA, the application had to be first certified by the Director or Deputy Director of the FBI. It then required the approval of the Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General (DAG), or the Senate-confirmed Assistant Attorney General for the National Security Division. The FBI and DOJ obtained one initial FISA warrant targeting Carter Page and three FISA renewals from the FISC. As required by statute (50 U.S.C. §1805(d)(1)), a FISA order on an American citizen must be renewed by the FISC every 90 days and each renewal requires a separate finding of probable cause. Then-Director James Comey signed three FISA applications in question on behalf of the FBI, and Deputy Director Andrew McCabe signed one. Then-DAG Sally Yates, then-Acting DAG Dana Boente, and DAG Rod Rosenstein each signed one or more FISA applications on behalf of DOJ. Our findings indicate that, as described below, material and relevant information was omitted. The “dossier” compiled by Christopher Steele (Steele dossier) on behalf of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and the Hillary Clinton campaign formed an essential part of the Carter Page FISA application. Steele was a longtime FBI source who was paid over $160,000 by the DNC and Clinton campaign, via the law firm Perkins Coie and research firm Fusion GPS, to obtain derogatory information on Donald Trump's ties to Russia.
What follows is what some have dubbed the “damning section”, as there was no reason not to disclose the relationship between Clinton and Steele, unless the authors were worried about exposing a clear political link:
a) Neither the initial application in October 2016, nor any of the renewals, disclose or reference the role of the DNC, Clinton campaign, or any party/campaign in funding Steele's efforts, even though the political origins of the Steele dossier were then known to senior DOJ and FBI officials. b) The initial FISA application notes Steele was working for a named U.S. person, but does not name Fusion GPS and principal Glenn Simpson, who was paid by a U.S. law firm (Perkins Coie) representing the DNC ( even though it was known by DOJ at the time that political actors were involved with the Steele dossier ). The application does not mention Steele was ultimately working on behalf of—and paid by—the DNC and Clinton campaign, or that the FBI had separately authorized payment to Steele for the same information.
The section above also makes a good case for releasing the underlying FISA application, as either the Clinton connection was disclosed or it wasn't – not a fact either party can distort.
In a curious twist, in order to corroborate the dossier, the memo reveals that the FBI “extensively” cited a news article — that was based entirely on the dossier. In effect, using the dossier to corroborate the dossier.
The Carter Page FISA application also cited extensively a September 23, 2016, Yahoo News article by Michael Isikoff, which focuses on Page's July 2016 trip to Moscow. This article does not corroborate the Steele dossier because it is derived from information leaked by Steele themselves to Yahoo News. The Page FISA application incorrectly assesses that Steele did not directly provide information to Yahoo News. Steele has admitted in British court filings that they met with Yahoo News—and several other outlets—in September 2016 at the direction of Fusion GPS. Perkins Coie was aware of Steele's initial media contacts because they hosted at least one meeting in Washington D.C. in 2016 with Steele and Fusion GPS where this matter was discussed.
The memo continues revealing more information about Steele and their clear political bias:
Steele was suspended and then terminated as an FBI source for what the FBI defines as the most serious of violations—an unauthorized disclosure to the media of their relationship with the FBI in an October 30, 2016, Mother Jones article by David Corn. Steele's numerous encounters with the media violated the cardinal rule of source handling—maintaining confidentiality—and demonstrated that Steele had become a less than reliable source for the FBI. 3) Before and after Steele was terminated as a source, they maintained contact with DOJ via then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr, a senior DOJ official who worked closely with Deputy Attorneys General Yates and later Rosenstein. Shortly after the election, the FBI began interviewing Ohr, documenting their communications with Steele. For example, in September 2016, Steele admitted to Ohr their feelings against then-candidate Trump when Steele said they “was desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not being president.” This clear evidence of Steele's bias was recorded by Ohr at the time and subsequently in official FBI files—but not reflected in any of the Page FISA applications. During this same time period, Ohr's wife was employed by Fusion GPS to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump. Ohr later provided the FBI with all of their wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from the FISC. * * * After Steele was terminated, a source validation report conducted by an independent unit within FBI assessed Steele's reporting as only minimally corroborated. Yet, in early January 2017, Director Comey briefed President-elect Trump on a summary of the Steele dossier, even though it was – according to their June 2017 testimony – “salacious and unverified.” While the FISA application relied on Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters, it ignored or concealed their anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations . Furthermore, Deputy Director McCabe testified before the Committee in December 2017 that no surveillance warrant would have been sought from the FISC without the Steele dossier information . The Page FISA application also mentions information regarding fellow Trump campaign advisor George Papadopoulos, but there is no evidence of any cooperation or conspiracy between Page and Papadopoulos. The Papadopoulos information triggered the opening of an FBI counterintelligence investigation in late July 2016 by FBI agent Pete Strzok. Strzok was reassigned by the Special Counsel's Office to FBI Human Resources for improper text messages with their mistress, FBI Attorney Lisa Page (no known relation to Carter Page), where they both demonstrated a clear bias against Trump and in favor of Clinton, whom Strzok had also investigated. The Strzok/Lisa Page texts also reflect extensive discussions about the investigation, orchestrating leaks to the media, and include a meeting with Deputy Director McCabe to discuss an “insurance” policy against President Trump's election.
The bottom line: as noted earlier, if found that there was clear undisclosed bias in the launch of surveillance of Trump's team, then Mueller's probe – whose findings would be the result of a flawed FISA warrant – would be null and void, leave space for Trump to fire the special prosecutor or Rod Rosenstein.
Incidentally, speaking to reporters in the Oval Office, Trump suggested the document shows political bias at the FBI that tainted the probe into whether their campaign cooperated with Russia's election meddling.
“I think it's a disgrace,” Trump said of the alleged bias. “A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves.”
The decision cleared the way for the House Intelligence Committee to release the memo, which it did shortly after noon. “It was declassified and let's see what happens,” Trump said. White House made no redactions to the document.
﻿
Full memo at the bottom:
* * *
Earlier:
Just before noon on Friday, the “FISA” memo compiled by House Intelligence Committee staff, led by chairperson Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), from classified documents provided by the Department of Justice, was officially declassified by Trump's lawyer Donald Gahn – over the objections of the DOJ and the FBI – as explained in the letter below.
Continue Reading / ZeroHedge>>>
Sharing is caring!
If the gun crowd is avoiding Dick's Sporting Goods because of its newly enacted corporate policies restricting some sales, it isn't showing in the bottom line.
First-quarter earnings and sales were higher, defying the predictions of gun rights advocates who said the company would lose significant business from its decision to ban sales of assault-style weapons and enacting a policy requiring gun buyers to be at least 21 years old. The company also hired a Washington, D.C., lobbyist to push for a federal assault weapons ban.
Dick's rankled the National Rifle Association.
The NRA's Institute for Legislative Action has been especially critical of Dick's moves, especially the hiring of the lobbyists.
"It's entirely possible that the chain realizes it has irrevocably damaged its image among the pro-freedom community, especially with those who take part in outdoor activities," it wrote on its website earlier this month. It went on to say "Dick's new lobbying venture is likely meant to fully embrace anti-gun advocacy at all levels and through whatever means necessary."
Based on the results, Dick's shares surged Wednesday, up 27% to $38.75 in afternoon trading.
Even Chief Executive Ed Stack was unsure in February how the new policies would affect sales, but warned that some buyers could avoid the store for outdoor and other equipment in the wake of its widely publicized action following the school shootings in Parkland, Florida.
In comments on an earnings conference call, Stack said benefits outweighed the drawbacks. Indeed, hunting sales declined at the stores, but other shoppers who are supporters of the policy have become customers.
"There's definitely been some benefits from people who have joined us because of the policy," Stack said.
Net income in the first quarter was up 3 percent on a 5 percent increase in sales, the company reported on Wednesday.
"Our strong first-quarter earnings reflect improved execution against our merchandising strategy, which results in higher merchandise margins," Stack said in a prepared release. "Product newness, strength in our private brands and a more refined assortment led to a much healthier business, with fewer promotions and cleaner inventory throughout the quarter."
The better results come even as others predicted Dick's, which started as a single store on Binghamton's East Side in 1948, would continue to suffer under pressure from online retailing behemoth Amazon.
The company said online sales increased by 24 percent in the first quarter as it recently realigned its online strategy, bringing the operation in-house after dispatching that segment to a third party for several years. In the first quarter, online sales accounted for 11 percent of overall sales, mainly in footwear and apparel, up from 9 percent a year ago.
First-quarter net income was $60.1 million, 59 cents a share, on sales of $1.9 billion, compared with net income of $58.2 million, 52 cents a share, on sales of $1.8 billion for the same period one year ago.
Same-store sales — sales at stores open for more than a year and a key measure of retailing health — fell by 2.5% compared to the same period one year ago.
The results topped Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 12 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of 42 cents per share.
The company opened eight new stores in the first quarter, compared to not a single new store opening in the fourth quarter and 25 new stores in the first quarter of 2017. The Pittsburgh-based company now was 724 stores operating under the Dick's brand and 129 stores operating under the Field & Stream and Golf Galaxy brands, with total retail space of 42.1 million square feet.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
© Gannett Co., Inc. 2018. All Rights Reserved
PISCATAWAY, N.J. — Vincent Edward had 18 points, seven rebounds and eight assists, and No. 3 Purdue held on to beat Rutgers 78-76 on Saturday for a school-record 19th straight win.
Mathis Dakota scored 16 points, Carsen Edwards had 13 and P.J. Thompson added 12 points for the Boilermakers (23-2, 12-0 Big Ten).
Corey Sanders had 31 points and seven rebounds, and Deshawn Freeman added 14 points and nine rebounds for Rutgers (12-13, 2-10), which overcame a 15-point first-half deficit looked poised to pull off an upset at home.
Freeman's fastbreak dunk cut Purdue's lead to six, forcing Boilermakers coach Matt Painter to call a timeout with 15:29 to go. However, Matt Bullock corralled a defensive rebound on the ensuing possession and hit Sanders with an outlet pass and they made the fastbreak layup and the foul shot to pull the Scarlet Knights to 46-43.
Rutgers pulled within one on two occasions. Shaquile Doorson had a put-back dunk off of Geo Baker's missed layup to get to 48-47 with 12:28 left, and Freeman had a tip-in on a miss by Sanders to make it 55-54 with 8:06 remaining, However, that was as close as the Scarlet Knights got the rest of the way.
Rutgers took a 3-0 lead on a Issa Thiam 3-pointer. Purdue tied it 29 seconds later after Thiam fouled P.J. Thompson on a 3-pointer. Carsen Edwards stole the ball and hit a layup on Rutgers' ensuing possession to give the Boilermakers their first lead. They led 38-27 at halftime.
BIG PICTURE
Purdue: The Boilermakers' winning streak is the longest in the nation and has them atop the conference standings. They'll look to improve their home winning streak to 22 — the third-longest in school history — when they host No. 17 Ohio State. A win would give them a bit of a cushion in what has become a three-team race for the Big Ten title between Purdue, Ohio State and No. 5 Michigan State.
Rutgers: Bruised and battered, Rutgers continues to struggle. With senior captain Mike Williams (ankle) out for the past two weeks and Eugene Omoruyi out for several weeks to recover from a knee injury suffered at Illinois, the undermanned Scarlet Knights fell to below .500 for the first time all season and have now lost five-straight, sitting alone at the bottom of the Big Ten.
UP NEXT
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
January is now finally behind us, and spring suddenly feels in sight.
The evenings are starting to feel ever-so-slightly lighter, and we can start to look forward to the time of year where we can leave the office in daylight again.
With warmer times at the forefront of everyone's mind, you might be starting to wonder what dates the clocks go forward this year.
In 2018, the clocks will go forward on Sunday, March 25 at 1am.
The clocks change twice a year; once on the last Sunday in March for British Summer Time (BST) and again in October for Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
The phrase "spring forward, fall back" is a good way of remembering it.
Why the clocks change
The tradition of putting clocks forward in spring and back in autumn was started by London builder William Willett in 1907.
They argued that the population's health and happiness would be improved by putting the clocks forward 20 minutes every Sunday in April and with the opposite being done in September.
Willett died in 1915, the year before it was finally introduced in Britain.
So when we are one hour ahead we are on British Summer Time (BST) and when the clocks go back in October each year we are on Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
These are all of the bank holidays in 2018:
Monday, January 1: New Year's Day
Friday, March 30: Good Friday
Monday, April 2: Easter Monday
Monday, May 7: Early May bank holiday
Monday, May 28: Spring bank holiday
Monday, August 27: Summer bank holiday
Tuesday, December 25: Christmas Day
Wednesday, December 26: Boxing Day
A version of this story first appeared on Wales Online.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Making sure you're fully stocked with food and drink over the festive period can feel like a mammoth task, and for many a pre- or post-Christmas dash to the supermarket is inevitable.
So, if you do find yourself needing to nip out for more champagne or party food, it's always worth knowing whether your local supermarket will be open.
Budget supermarket Lidl will operate reduced hours over the holidays, with opening and closing times varying based on your location.
As a rough guide you can check details for all the main festive dates below, or use store finder tool to check a specific store.
When will Lidl be open over Christmas?
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
NEW LONDON, Conn. – Members of the Coast Guard Academy send a holiday greeting to friends and family, December 7, 2017.
The Coast Guard Academy has cadets from all over the United States and several international countries, but not all can make it home for the holidays.
U.S. Coast Guard video by Petty Officer 2nd Class Lauren Laughlin
The Lexington Police Department and Lexington Volunteer Fire Department responded to a three-vehicle accident Monday at 1:38 p.m. at the intersection of Highway 283 and Cattlemen's Drive.
One or more individuals were transported to the hospital. The extent of their injuries is not known at this time. One vehicle came to rest in the ditch southwest of the intersection. The accident remains under investigation.
Bill Binney: Trump Courageously Cleans The Swamp Despite Threats From Criminal Intelligence Community Video – InfoWars
TDC Note – the segment ENDS at the 9:00 mark – the remaining 6 MINUTES!!! is 100% commercials
Video Source
William Binney: US Government Is Required To Declassify Documents That Contain Criminality
Sharing is caring!
Washington Capitals' Alex Ovechkin, second from right, raises their stick after scoring a goal past Philadelphia Flyers' goalie Petr Mrazek (34) during the second period of an NHL hockey game, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Derik Hamilton)
Washington Capitals' Alex Ovechkin, second from right, raises their stick after scoring a goal past Philadelphia Flyers' goalie Petr Mrazek (34) during the second period of an NHL hockey game, Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Derik Hamilton)
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Wayne Simmonds and the Flyers are playing every game as if it's the postseason. It paid off this weekend.
Simmonds scored two goals to lift the Flyers past the Washington Capitals 6-3 on Sunday night, capping a four-point weekend and helping Philadelphia solidify its playoff position.
"We desperately needed the two points and we played like we needed it," Simmonds said.
Oskar Lindblom, Shayne Gostisbehere, Ivan Provorov and Jakub Voracek also had goals for Philadelphia (37-25-11, 85 points), which stayed in third place in the Metropolitan Division and moved within four points of the first-place Capitals (41-24-7, 89 points). The Flyers began play tied with Columbus, which was idle Sunday, but have a tiebreaker over the Blue Jackets.
Philadelphia scored all four of its goals in the third period of Saturday's 4-2 comeback win at Carolina.
"It was critical," Flyers coach Dave Hakstol said of the weekend wins. "These are basically all playoff games right now. Real gutsy effort."
Alex Ovechkin scored their NHL-leading 43rd goal of the season, and Chandler Stephenson and John Carlson had goals for the Capitals, whose four-game winning streak was snapped.
Washington rested Saturday and coach Barry Trotz expected their players to come out aggressively against the Flyers, who were playing their second game in less than 24 hours. They were disappointed that didn't happen.
"You know they're going to be in desperate mode," Trotz said. "You know they're going to give a good effort, but at the same time, we had all the advantage. We were in our beds last night watching the (Carolina) game.
"We talked about taking control of the game early, make it real hard. I don't think we did that. We didn't make it hard enough on them. We just played. We were chasing the game the whole night."
The Flyers took the lead for good on Lindblom's first career goal with 1:41 left in the second period. Voracek passed to the rookie in the slot, and Lindblom's wrist shot went off goalie Philipp Grubauer's blocker, off the pipe and then into the goal. The rookie went 12 straight games without a point before picking up an assist in Saturday's 4-2 win over Carolina.
Philadelphia extended its lead to 3-1 with 18.3 seconds left in the period when Provorov's wrist shot from the side boards got through traffic, deflected off defenseman Christian Djoos' leg and past Grubauer.
Simmonds' deflection of Robert Hagg's slap shot made it 4-1 1:37 into the third period.
After Stephenson finished a 2-on-1 to pull the Capitals within 4-2 with 9:29 left, Simmonds scored their second of the night on a wrist shot from the slot that zoomed past Grubauer's glove into the top-right corner.
Carlson's backhander from a sharp angle with 3:53 left made it 5-3, and Voracek finished the scoring with an empty-netter with 37.1 seconds to play.
Hakstol felt Saturday's win helped relax the Flyers, who had lost seven of eight entering Saturday.
"Took a little weight off," they said. "Tonight, the focus was good and clear."
Gostisbehere opened the scoring 2:15 into the second period on a one-timer after Claude Giroux's clean win on the faceoff.
Washington tied it at 1 with 4:52 left in the second on Ovechkin's goal. Travis Boyd set up the goal with a pretty pass from the slot, spinning to backhand to Ovechkin, who tipped it over Mrazek.
Mrazek, playing in their 11th game for Philadelphia after being acquired from Detroit, had a strong game until giving up Carlson's tally. They stopped Nicklas Backstrom on a 2-on-1 in the first period and later made a good glove same on Dmitry Orlov's slap shot to keep the Capitals scoreless in the first. Mrazek's most important save may have been with 8:10 left after Washington pulled within two goals when they used their pad to deny Lars Eller from close range. They finished with 25 saves.
Grubauer returned to the net for Washington after struggling Braden Holtby made 22 saves in Friday's 6-3 win over the Islanders. Holtby, the 2016 Vezina Trophy winner, had lost seven of eight and hadn't played in four consecutive games entering Friday.
Grubauer made 29 saves.
NOTES: Washington C Evgeny Kuznetsov (upper body) didn't play after being slashed in the left wrist/arm area in Friday's 6-3 win over the Islanders.  They are day-to-day. Stephenson replaced Kuznetsov. ... Simmonds upped their season goals total to 23. ... Philadelphia finished 3-1 in the regular-season series. ... Hagg returned after missing the last four contests with a lower-body injury. ... Washington D Brooks Orpik (lower body) didn't play.  They are day-to-day. ... Flyers LW Michael Raffl (upper body) left in the second period and didn't return.
UP NEXT
Capitals: Host Dallas on Tuesday night.
Flyers: At Detroit on Tuesday night.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Outspoken Conservative politician Jacob Rees-Mogg has been caught up in violence at a political meeting at Bristol's University of the West of England tonight.
The North East Somerset MP appeared at a debate on Friday February 2 hosted by the university's Politics and International Relations Society (PAIRS).
However, the meeting descended into violence as protesters and the Tory politician's supporters traded blows.
Mr Rees-Mogg is seen coming in between the aggressors, holding them at arm's length.
A UWE student, Chloe Kaye, captured the incident on their phone, saying: "Huge amount of physical violence at a Jacob Rees Mogg speech in UWE Bristol".
A number of other people are seen filming the fight as well.
The event had been planned in advance by the society who said on their Facebook page they had sold out of tickets in the first seven minutes that they went on sale.
UPDATE: Protesters call Jacob Rees-Mogg a 'Nazi' and 'racist' before violence erupts at UWE in Bristol
The Facebook post said: "We're really humbled that we sold out the tickets in 7 minutes so we thank you for the support you've all given for this event!
"If you did not get a ticket, do not worry as there will be some more available this time next week so we'll post that immediately for everyone!"
The Bristol Post has asked Mr Rees-Mogg's representatives and the Conservative Party for a comment.
Canada coach Bev Priestman was preparing their team for a game Sunday against Costa Rica when CONCACAF pulled the plug on its 2018 Women's Under-17 Championship following violence in Managua, Nicaragua.
The Canadians had blanked Bermuda 3-0 Friday in their first game of the tournament.
"It happened so quickly," Priestman said late Monday from Miami as the Canadian team made its way home from Central America. "One minute you're about to play Costa Rica and then you find out about the tournament being cancelled.
"I do believe they made the right decision," they added. "Safety comes first."
Nicaragua has been rocked by a week of protests in which more than two dozen people have been killed. The protests quickly spread nationwide, with scenes of massive rock throwing, burning barricades, tear gas and some gunfire.
Dozens of shops were looted in Managua, the Nicaragua capital where the tournament was taking place.
Priestman said the Canadian team had been insulated from the violence, with police escorts on their travels.
"I think that's what surprised us the most," they said. "We were sort of in a bubble. As you can imagine as a football team you're just preparing for your game. You turn up for training, you go home."
The protest movement started when the Sandinista government of President Daniel Ortega issued a decree on April 16 increasing income and payroll taxes and changing pensions to try to shore up Nicaragua's troubled social security system.
The tournament was to have determined the region's qualifiers for the Under-17 World Cup in Uruguay, which starts Nov. 13.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City's impressive U23s will not play their Gloucestershire Senior Cup final game until pre-season it has been confirmed.
Current holders Bristol City Under-23s were due to face Gloucester City tonight, but the tie has been pushed back until Monday, July 30 (7.30pm kick-off) at the Gloucestershire FA's Oaklands Park headquarters in Almondsbury.
The Tigers last won the competition in 1996, defeating Cheltenham Town on penalties in the final.
They have knocked out the Robins (4-2 on on penalties after a 2-2 draw), Shortwood United (4-0) and Bristol Manor Farm (4-0) on their way to a first final since 2010.
City, meanwhile, have disposed of Cirencester Town, Bristol Rovers and Forest Green Rovers as they bid to retain the title.
Yesterday a young City Under-23s were beaten 4-0 by Leeds United in their penultimate league game of the campaign.
City went behind to an own goal from Jayden Ali before Tyler Denton (2) and Sam Dalby netted in the second half at Ashton Gate.
Tom Fitton Blasts Paul Ryan on FISA Memo Video – Bill Still
Well the FISA memo is out and they desperate Dems are howling at the moon that this is a shameful attempt to undercut the Mueller investigation just when he's on the verge of slamming the cuffs on President Trump.
I mean, there are actually people in this country who believe this. And among the international audience who relies more on the MSM and less on us, probably the majority still thinks Mueller is about to indict the President.
But Mueller, himself, knows the curtain has come down on their moment of glory. Why? Because he's had to postpone sentencing of General Mike Flynn. Why? Because they know that no court in this country is going to uphold Flynn's conviction, or anything Mueller has come up with because every ounce of it was based at the root on phony allegations paid for and created out of whole cloth by Hillary Clintons campaign dirty tricksters. All of Meuller's work is now tainted until the end of time and they know it.
Video Source
It's over! Mueller is done – through. All they can hope for is for Trump to go easy on them and let them pack up their tent with some modicum of self-respect and beet feet outta Dodge City as soon as possible. Their old buddies in the FBI are not going to be so lucky. They are going to become professional criminal defendants for years into the future.
Tom Fitton blistered Mueller's collaborators – including Paul Ryan – on Fox shortly after the Memo's release.
Sharing is caring!
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The start of a new month is always an exciting time, filled with endless possibilities and opportunities - and the start to February just got even better thanks to Sainsbury's.
The supermarket is running its hugely popular 'Swipe and Win' Nectar points event this weekend, which means customers can make huge future savings while doing their weekly shop between February 2 and 4.
To take part in the Swipe and Win incentive, customers need to spend £10 or more and simply swipe their Nectar cards in store, online or at the petrol pump, the Liverpool Echo reports .
By swiping your card, Sainsbury's is promising to give its customers between 200 and 5,000 extra points - and there is no limit on how many times you can use your card across the weekend either.
Items excluded from the event include spirits and liqueurs, lottery tickets, tobacco, gift cards and many others.
(Image: PA/PA Wire)
Given the fact there is no limit to how many times customers can swipe their Nectar card, it means the retailer could end up giving away millions of Nectar points during the three-day event.
Peter Handscomb set to emulate Ajinkya Rahane's methods for success in India
Peter Handscomb is yet to taste a defeat, or even a draw, in their fledgling Test career.
@kaushalraj7 by Kaushal Raj News 02 Jan 2017, 10:40 IST
Peter Handscomb celebrates after scoring their maiden Test century against Pakistan
What's the story?
After a whirlwind year for the Australian cricket team, a year in which they scaled peaks that they have in the past, but plummeted to depths never seen before, they are set for a new challenge, perhaps one of their biggest challenges in recent years, as they tour India for 4 Tests in late February.
Hope is anew for the Aussies after a new-look side with a bunch of fresh faces have helped to turn around the team's fortunes.
One of the stars has been middle-order batsman Peter Handscomb, who on the back of 2 fifties and a century in their first 3 Tests can look forward to their first series on foreign shores for their country.
They know it is not going to be easy, but also knows where they are going to look for inspiration.
“I've been doing a fair bit of work trying to emulate that, guys like (India top-order batsman) Ajinkya Rahane, who's an amazing player of spin.” they said to cricket.com.au.
In case you didn't know...
The 25-year-old brought joy to all of Victoria when they raised their bat after scoring a magnificent century against Pakistan in front of their home crowd at the Melbourne Cricket Ground in December 2016.
To understand the importance of their century and what it meant to all Victorians, one must go some time back. Victoria has always been one of the greatest producers of cricketers amongst the Australian states, but over the years, has seen a stark decline in the number of Test cricketers, with youngsters preferring to focus on the shorter formats of the game.
The last Victorian, who was born and played for the state, to score a Test century for Australia was Brad Hodge back in 2005.
He's had steady progress through the ranks and has had a very impressive first-class career, where they have amassed over 4000 runs already.
The heart of the matter
Australian cricketers hate spin, apparently. They have absolutely struggled on their last few tours to Asia. When they travelled to Sri Lanka last year, a country they are traditionally dominant against, they were destroyed 3-0.
Their troubles will be compounded in India, with the hosts boasting of one of the strongest spin attacks in the world, spin-friendly pitches, and an intimidating atmosphere.
The last time Australia won a Test series in India was back in 2004-2005.
Handscomb intends to have a pitch specially prepared at the MCG that turns extra, a method previously used by Matthew Hayden, who perfected the sweep shots on purpose-designed spin tracks at Brisbane.
“I'll probably try and get a wicket at the MCG that can turn, so I can get a little bit of practice there before heading over (to India). We actually did it once before we came up to the SCG in a Shield game, and it's all about training hard so that when you go out into the middle, it's easier than when you were training. It's never easy out in the middle (on spin-friendly pitches), but it makes it a little bit better.”
What's next?
Handscomb and Australia have already wrapped up the series against Pakistan, but they have an opportunity to whitewash their opponents when they play the final Test at the Sydney Cricket Ground beginning on the 3rd of January.
They will join up with their Melbourne Stars teammates for the rest of the Big Bash League, before taking a break and working on their game as they prepare for the Indian tour.
Sportskeeda's take
Australia has a monumental task ahead of them if they have to take anything away when they visit India in February, as the Indians are on an incredible 18-match unbeaten streak with Virat Kohli at the helm.
While Peter Handscomb and others, like Matt Renshaw have shown that they have the mettle to make a seamless transition to Test cricket, the Indian challenge might be a little too early in their careers for them to really shine.
8 Places To Avoid When Society Collapses by: Rich M Extreme Survival – Off the Grid News
You've probably seen news reports about war-torn countries, countries where rival gangs (usually referred to as “warlords”) battle for control, and countries which have descended into anarchy. The total lack of organized society, lack of basic services, difficulty in finding the most basic necessities of life, and overall danger to the civilian population make these images difficult ones to understand and accept. We wonder if such a thing could ever happen to us … here in the USA.
The simple answer is that we just don't know. Our strong central government and multi-layered law enforcement community makes it seem like such a thing would be impossible. But the reality is that there are major disaster scenarios which could bring about such a total collapse of society. If things get so bad that police and other essential services aren't being paid, how long will they stay on the job?
A total loss of the electrical grid could bring on such a situation. How could we fairly expect police to stay on the job, when there is no way of paying them? What if they had to go home, so that they could raise food to feed their own families? Could we begrudge them that?
Granted, this is a worst-case scenario, but much of prepping is centered around worst-case scenarios. If you are prepared for the worst, then you are much more likely to survive something that is not as bad. While a total breakdown of society may not ever come, we have seen society break down in the wake of many a major disaster. So the possibility of a collapse is always possible, even if only for a limited period of time.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
SHILOH, IL (KPLR) – The St. Clair County State's Attorney's Office charged a Fairview Heights man for allegedly sexually assaulting a juvenile acquaintance.
According to Detective Zachary Green, a spokesperson for the Shiloh Police Department, said officers received a report on March 10 from a local hospital about a young female who was treated and released for a suspected sexual assault. The victim told doctors the assault happened March 9 at a parking lot in the 700 block of North Greenmount Road.
Investigators determined the suspect drove the girl to a parking lot and sexually assaulted them while in the vehicle, Green said.
Prosecutors charged David Hall on April 12 with criminal sexual assault/force. They were jailed on $40,000 bond.
Hall was taken into custody at the Shiloh Police Department, posted bond, and was released.
X22 Report
Dave's Bio: I am 49 years old and I have children. I lived in NY and I was there for 911 and the North East blackout. I lost my job in 2008 and was laid off. Since 2008 I have been prepping. My wife, kids and I try to eat organic and we try to avoid all chemicals in foods. We make our own bread, food and pizza from scratch. I have a technology background and have worked for large financial institutions. My main job was securing the systems from viruses and hackers and maintaining the trading systems so the money flowed from system to system. I have tried talking to friends and relatives about what was going on but every time I talked about the government, FED and the economic collapse they looked at me like I was crazy. I decided to start a website and broadcast to the world what was going on. I didn't really think that anyone would really listen to what I was saying when I started it was just a way to get the word out and get it off my chest. I realized as the cost of everything continually increases it is getting harder and harder to live the life of my parents and grandparents. I realized if we all don't do something our children will not have the opportunities and freedoms the way the founding fathers envisioned.
.
photo credit: Ron Olds
BROOKLYN, Mich. — (Aug. 13, 2017) — Martin Truex Jr. and Erik Jones finished second and third respectively in Sunday's NASCAR Cup Series race, giving Furniture Row Racing its best double result as a two-car team.
While it was a strong outing for the Denver, Colo.-based team, each driver was in position for the victory when the green flag waved for the final two-lap overtime shootout.
At the time of the final restart, Truex was positioned in first place while Jones was second. But as the drivers hit the throttle Kyle Larson managed to pass the two Furniture Row Racing cars and went on to claim the Pure Michigan 400 victory.
It did appear that Truex and Jones were going to finish 1-2 with both drivers having a safe margin in track position late in the race. But with four laps remaining in the scheduled 200-lap race, a caution was called for a multicar accident, which was then followed by a red flag for track workers to clean up the debris, resulting from the wreck.
“I just tried to do something a little different there with Larson behind me, but when they bumped me I spun the tires,” explained Truex. “The tires just got too cold under that red flag and not enough time to get them warmed up. Our car generally took a few laps all day to get warm, but while we had enough caution laps I could kind of keep heat in the tires. Just spun them a bit and they got a run and there was no way they were going to go around me on the bottom with all that stuff down there and I just went into (turn) one and spun the tires because they were so cold. It's one of those deals, sometimes these things don't work out.”
Truex, who led 57 laps in their No. 78 Furniture Row/Denver Mattress Toyota, added, “We were on cruise control until that last one (caution) and then the red flag is really what hurt us. If we had stayed under yellow we would have been fine, just everything got cold and I couldn't get enough heat in my tires. It's part of the deal man, that's how it goes.”
The good news for Truex, who won last week's race in Watkins Glen, N.Y., is that they gained in driver points and now has a 129-point margin over second place Larson with three races remaining in the regular season. And thanks to third and first place finishes in the first two stages, Truex earned the most points in the race (52, seven more than race winner Larson).
In 23 races, Truex has four wins, 10 top fives and 16 top 10s. They also have 15 stage wins and has accumulated 35 playoff bonus points.
Jones, the 21-year-old rookie from Byron, Mich., scored their third straight top 10 and eighth of the season. The third place result equaled a season best – they also finished third at Pocono Raceway in June.  They are currently 16th in driver points.
After qualifying eighth, Jones was steady all day in their No. 77 5-hour ENERGY Toyota Camry. They led twice for five laps and from Lap 134 on, they were positioned in second place for a good portion of that stretch on the 2.0-mile oval.
“Regarding the final restart Jones said, “It wasn't exactly where I wanted to be (inside lane), but I thought we could get a good enough restart where we could at least battle through (turns) one and two and hopefully make something happen into (turn) three. Unfortunately, that didn't work out, both of us couldn't get going – Martin was spinning their tires and I was spinning my tires. They got a push from the 42 (Larson) and they passed us both. It's unfortunate; I thought it was going to be a Furniture Row one-two (finish) either way. Wish the 5-hour ENERGY Camry could have had a shot at it, but it was a good day for us.” (DMF/FRR/pr 8/13/17)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The killing of the North Korean leader's outcast half brother adds to a long list of high-profile assassinations or attempts in which the country is suspected of targeting estranged relatives of the Kim clan, turncoats and South Korean public figures.
King Jong Nam told medical workers they had been attacked with chemical spray at the Kuala Lumpur airport before they died, Malaysian officials have said. Leader Kim Jong-un has executed or purged a slew of high-level government officials since taking power in late 2011, and experts believe they might have been trying to eliminate a potential challenger to their leadership. Others think they were enraged over recent news reports that their brother tried to defect to the South in 2012.
North Korea has denied carrying out some of the killings and not commented on others. Some of the most notable assassinations or attempts it is suspected of doing:
TRAITOR COUSIN
Advertisement
Lee Han-young, a nephew of one of the former wives of the country's second leader Kim Jong Il, was found dead of gunshot wounds in front of a Seoul apartment in 1997. Lee had defected to South Korea through Switzerland in 1982, but Seoul kept their arrival secret until 1996, when their mother also fled the North. Lee had harshly criticized the country and their dictator uncle. The investigation into their death concluded Lee was killed by North Korean agents sent to deliver Pyongyang's payback and the assailants returned to North Korea before they could be captured.
BLAST IN YANGON
North Korean agents set off a bomb meant for South Korea's leader while they were visiting Burma in 1983. President Chun Doo-hwan narrowly escaped the attack, but more than 20 people were killed, including four of their Cabinet ministers, their ambassador to Yangon and several top aides. One North Korean agent was shot to death by police, a second was hanged in jail and a third reportedly died in prison in 2008. Burma, now known as Myanmar, cut diplomatic ties with North Korea following the blast, but they restored relations in 2007.
SOUTH KOREAN PRESIDENT
A team of 31 North Korean commandos slipped undetected into South Korea in 1968 and came within striking distance of the Seoul presidential palace. South Korean security forces managed to repel the assault at the last minute. The only commando that was captured said they had come to “slit the throat of (then-President) Park Chung-hee.”
A furious Park established a secret commando team tasked with demolishing the Pyongyang palace of North Korea's founder. Tensions later eased, but the South Korean commando team, incensed that the planned infiltration was aborted, mutinied in 1971, killing their trainers and marching on Seoul before being stopped.
HIGH-PROFILE DEFECTOR
In 2010, two agents posing as defectors were arrested in a plot to assassinate Hwang Jang-yop, a former Workers' Party secretary who remains the highest-level North Korean to seek asylum in the South. South Korean officials said both agents were majors in North Korea's main army intelligence agency and were under orders to slit Hwang's throat. Hwang, who once tutored Kim Jong Il, bitterly criticized the North Korean government after their 1997 defection. North Korea called them a traitor and “human scum.” They died six months after the assassination attempt at the age of 87.
Related Coverage Police searching for Thomaston Savings Bank robbery suspect
THOMASTON, Conn. (WTNH) — News of an armed bank robbery inside the Thomaston Savings Bank on South Main Street is the talk of Thomaston and it has people rattled.
“People were in shock,” said Nancy Griswold, a customer at the bank who also works nearby. “We're all on guard.”
Since it happened, the Thomaston Police Department plastered social media with pictures captured by surveillance cameras from inside the bank. Police say those pictures clearly showed the suspect — Zachary Provost of Waterbury. On the Thomaston Police Department's Facebook page, they described them as a “serial bank robber” who has struck throughout Connecticut.
“I know within the state of Connecticut alone — the bank robberies — I believe there's four,” said Thomaston Police Officer, Bart Deeley. “This particular individual looked to target smaller towns due to the number of officers that would be responding to the scene and due to the sizes of the banks.”
Original Story: Police searching for Thomaston Savings Bank robbery suspect
Officer Deeley says the Thomaston PD was working with other area police departments, sharing information, hoping to catch Provost. They got a break Saturday night when Waterbury Police responded to a medical emergency call at a hotel in The Brass City. That's when they were able to arrest Provost. According to the arrest warrant, they were there with a woman who had a severe heroin overdose. Officer Deeley says he's glad they were able to get them off the streets — fast.
“Obviously drugs, guns, everything goes hand in hand and it was only going to be a matter of time before obviously someone could've been possibly hurt or even killed,” said Officer Deeley.
Provost appeared in Waterbury Superior Court Monday morning. They were charged with interfering with an officer and resisting arrest. Police say they also had an outstanding robbery warrant out of New Hampshire. He's being held on $110,000 bond total for all of the charges.
According to the arrest warrant, when Waterbury police officers arrested Provost, they had $542 in cash on them that was in a sock. Police determined that to be the “proceeds of theirs robberies”.
Severe Storms, Tornadoes, Rip Through U.S. Southeast
An outbreak of severe storms, including several tornadoes erupted in a multi-state swath from Tennessee to Florida late Monday, leaving behind downed trees, power outages and numerous damaged structures, including on the campus of Jacksonville State University.
Large hail and strong winds accompanied the storms. The Weather Channel says Jacksonville, Ala., was likely hit by two tornadoes just minutes apart.
At Jacksonville State University, Athletic Director Greg Seitz said in a tweet that "we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum" and they later added that Logan Hall and Patterson Hall on the campus also sustained roof damage and that "[numerous] trees and power lines are down."
The Coliseum is home to JSU's men's and women's basketball teams and the women's volleyball team.
"I'm very thankful JSU is on spring break this week and most students are out of town," Seitz wrote.
In Limestone County, Ala., near the border with Tennessee, the sheriff's office posted photos of damaged structures and vehicles, but said there were no reports of injuries.
The Associated Press writes that "Portions of northern Alabama and southern Tennessee were still under tornado warnings Monday night, and the National Weather Service issued a tornado watch for much of northern Georgia as the line moved eastward."
According to The Weather Channel:
Toronto's transit commission says the majority of its new streetcars have to be returned to their manufacturer for repairs.
The first 67 streetcars out of 89 produced for Toronto by Bombardier Transportation will be sent back for preventative repairs of "inferior frame welds," TTC spokesperson Brad Ross said Wednesday.
The defect poses no safety risk "in any way," they added.
"(Bombardier) advised us last fall," Ross said. "We directed them to develop a program for repair that will permanently fix the cars while minimizing service impacts."
The streetcars will be returned three or four at a time, and will all be fixed by 2022, Ross said.
Bombardier will cover the cost of the repairs, which will take place at its Welding Centre of Excellence in La Pocatiere, Que., company spokesperson Eric Prud'homme said.
"Welding issues are not uncommon in the industry, but, in this case, Bombardier has been proactive and responsible to ensure the cars meet the expected longevity, all in full transparency with TTC and their riders," Prud'homme said.
Some 25 to 30 employees will work daily on this maintenance program until it is completed, delaying some of the planned layoffs, they said.
"Until our preventive welding maintenance program is performed, we fully guarantee the strength of the existing welds."
The problem identified by Bombardier 18 months ago involves work completed in Mexico.
By The Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The Bat-Signal will shine over Los Angeles in tribute to the late Adam West, the actor best-known for playing Batman in the campy 1960 television series.
Mayor Eric Garcetti says the Bat-Signal will be lit at L.A.'s City Hall at 9 p.m. Thursday.
In Batman comics, movies and TV shows, the Bat-Signal is a spotlight with the shadow of Batman's winged emblem that is shown on the night sky to call for Batman's help.
West died Friday at age 88.
Advertisement
Garcetti announced the event on Twitter and added the hashtag, #BrightKnight.
Batman is often referred to as the Dark Knight, but West's children said in a statement that they aspired to positivity and always saw themselves as “The Bright Knight.”
PM Theresa May calls for a general election on June 8th
How pubs should be serving their beer
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Never say never. Until today Theresa May had been resolute there would be no snap election.
At every opportunity the same message was delivered: there was no need to go to the country before 2020.
So what caused the change of mind? In the end Mrs May could resist everything except temptation as they announced June 8 as Britain's latest date with destiny .
Few Prime Ministers are gifted the chance to go to the polls in almost certain knowledge of victory.
The latest polling shows that Labour under Jeremy Corbyn is trailing by 20 points .
There is no sign of any Labour recovery in Scotland, UKIP are a party in disarray and without any purpose and the Lib Dems are on the long road to recovery following the 2015 routing.
This is an opposition ripe to be crushed.
(Photo: AFP)
The Tory machine will be merciless towards Mr Corbyn.
If they believe they have had a rough ride so far, it is nothing compared to the onslaught on their personality, their past and their policies which is to come.
The tone of the campaign was set in Mrs May's Downing Street speech when they used a trowel to emphasise their strong leadership.
The only marginal threat to the Conservatives is the Lib Dems may claw back some seats with their pro-EU message.
But the Tory high command is gambling any loses will be comfortably offset by the seats it will sweep up from Labour.
For Corbyn this will be the chance to test empirically their brand of politics.
On June 9 Labour will know if it was right to elect the veteran left-winger as leader or whether it was a disastrous mistake.
SEATTLE – An Uber driver who was demanding money before returning a woman's purse quickly changed their mind Sunday after a Seattle officer sent them a text and a selfie, police said.
The woman contacted officer Eric Michl on Capitol Hill around 2 a.m., saying she'd left their purse, wallet and ID in the Uber.
They were distraught because they were scheduled to fly home later that day, and worried they wouldn't be able to without their identification, according to KCPQ. They said they had called the driver and offered to pay their fare if they brought them things back, but they refused and demanded more money.
Michl called the driver and left a voicemail. Then, they sent a text, telling the driver they could be arrested and their car could be impounded if they didn't return the woman's purse.
To prove they were a police officer, Michl also sent a selfie.
The driver quickly brought the woman's purse back, saying he'd been busy taking other fares.
Swastikas spray-painted in Massapequa Park are being investigated as bias crimes, Nassau County police said Monday.
Massapequa Park Mayor Jeffrey Pravato said the graffiti, which included two swastikas, obscenities and other symbols and writing, was discovered Saturday in Brady Park after apparently being spray-painted the night before.
“We are taking this very seriously,” Pravato said. “We are appalled.”
Pravato said the swastikas were offensive to the diverse community in Massapequa Park. Most of the graffiti had been cleaned off by Monday, Pravato said. The village has turned over to police surveillance video that appear to show youths at the scene, they said.
The incident came amid other reported anti-Semitic vandalism incidents in Long Island: Last month, a Plainview man was charged with aggravated harassment for allegedly painting swastikas at Nassau Community College in Hempstead; last month swastikas were found at a high school in Port Washington and drawn in the snow in Mineola; and on New Year's Day, Suffolk police found a swastika on a steel beam of the Holbrook exit to the Long Island Expressway.
Evan Bernstein, New York regional director of the Anti-Defamation League, a nonprofit that advocates against anti-Semitism, said their organization has seen an “unprecedented” uptick in hate incidents since the November elections.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“One of the most common acts of hate we've seen is the drawing of the swastika,” Bernstein said. The graffiti “makes people very nervous. It changes their whole way of looking at their community. . . . There's a tremendous amount of hate behind it.”
Pravato said they would like the vandals to be educated as well as prosecuted when they are caught.
“I would like to educate these perpetrators by sitting them down with a Holocaust survivor and letting them know what the Nazi symbol means, what Nazism was in this world and what it could have been,” Pravato said.
It's a dog-eat-dog scenario in the Indian cement sector as the pace of mergers and acquisitions (M&As) has been robust in the last few years.
“From FY14 onwards, capacity worth 59 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) (13% of FY17 capacity) changed hands in the Indian cement industry,” said an IIFL Institutional Equities Research report. This includes acquisition of Jaiprakash Associates Ltd's 21 mtpa cement assets by UltraTech Cement Ltd, which concluded recently.
Opting for inorganic growth or a brownfield expansion is both time and cost efficient. However, there are a couple of other factors too that have contributed to the ongoing M&A spree in the cement sector.
First and foremost, cement demand is yet to see a significant revival. Coupled with an oversupply situation it is making survival difficult for smaller unorganized cement firms. For instance, in the southern region, one may increasingly witness a scenario of big fish eating the little ones. According to analysts, in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana the total available capacity is nearly 85 mtpa and demand is around 20 mtpa. So, even if the demand scenario improves, the situation for small firms doesn't get any better.
Region-wise, the east reports the highest share of all-India capacity addition and is expected to see 58% capacity hike over FY15-20E versus all-India average of 17%, said a report by Elara Capital (India) Pvt. Ltd .
Secondly, given the subdued profitability of sellers, deal offers are largely at around replacement cost, which is spurring completion of deals, say analysts. Some examples are the Orient Cement Ltd and Jaiprakash Associates deal and the acquisition of Reliance Infrastructure's cement arm Reliance Cement Co. Pvt. Ltd by Birla Corp. Ltd.
A channel check conducted by IIFL indicates sale of Binani Cement Ltd's 6.25 mtpa capacity in the northern region may happen this year. Last month, the National Company Law Tribunal, Kolkata, admitted an insolvency plea against the cement maker filed by Bank of Baroda, which is one of the company's lenders.
Also, amendments made to the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act last year allowing transfer of lease for captive mines as a part of deals to sell cement assets has aided M&A activities.
“From an industry perspective, consolidation is good because it brings more pricing discipline for cement manufacturers. However, from a consumer perspective, it is bad since it leads to an oligopoly-like situation,” said Rohit Natarajan, an analyst at IDBI Capital Markets and Securities Ltd.
Meanwhile, after the UltraTech-Jaiprakash deal, the market's focus has shifted to another large and anticipated merger between ACC Ltd and Ambuja Cements Ltd. In May, boards of both the firms informed exchanges that they would start evaluating a potential merger. ACC and Ambuja are part of conglomerate LafargeHolcim.
In short, consolidation is likely to be the name of the game in cement in the near term.
Most of the home loan growth in coming in from tier II and III towns as the average ticket size is only a tad above ₹ 30 lakh, says ICICI Bank's executive director Anup Bagchi. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: ICICI Bank Ltd on Tuesday said its home loan portfolio crossed the ₹ 1.5 trillion milestone, making it the largest private player in the segment, and the lender is targeting to grow it to ₹ 2 trillion by FY20. At ₹ 1.5 trillion, the home loan book is half of the bank's overall retail loan portfolio of around ₹ 3 trillion, the bank said.
“We are not only the largest private sector bank but also the largest mortgage player among our peers with a ₹ 1.5-trillion loan book. And we hope to grow this to ₹ 2 trillion, clipping annually at 15% by FY20,” said ICICI Bank's executive director Anup Bagchi.
According to Bagchi, ICICI Bank's home loan book is half of its ₹ 3 trillion retail assets, which constitute 52% of its total assets of $172.5 billion. ICICI Bank has been under probe by multiple central agencies, including Sebi, CBI and RBI, for alleged wrongdoings in extending loan to now-bankrupt Videocon group by its CEO Chanda Kochhar, who has since been asked to go on indefinite leave till a probe commissioned by it is over.
ICICI Prudential's Sandeep Bakhshi, who has appointed ICICI Bank's COO, will run the private lender in their absence. The bank has also appointed Gireesh Chaturvedi as part-time chairperson to replace M.K. Sharma whose chairpersonship ended 30 June.
Basing their optimism of clocking higher growth on the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, Bagchi said most of the growth in coming in from tier II and III towns as the average ticket size is only a tad above ₹ 30 lakh.
When asked about the assets quality, they said there is nothing to worry on this front, and without quantifying claimed it to be one of the lowest in the industry.
“In fact, our mortgage portfolio, which includes loan against property (LAP) also, is has very low credit cost,” they said, adding in the LAP segment it is given against cashflow and other collaterals as well.
To achieve the projected ₹ 2 trillion targets over the next two years, the bank is also aggressively pushing its digitisation drive in the home loan ecosystem.
Under this, the bank has enabled developers to obtain approvals for their projects online, which seen the bank approving 2,000 new housing projects, fully online.
It has also enabled an online repository of 30,000 approved projects across 40 cities. Speaking on the milestone, Bagchi said the bank has played a catalyst role in retail banking in the country from the early 2000 by making such loans widely accessible and affordable.
On the physical front, the bank will add 50% more loan processing centres from the present 1,050, they said.
“We are expanding our network to many new locations in tier II and III towns as well as micro-markets on the periphery of the major metros and continue to leverage on technology to offer home loans in a fully digitised manner,” they said.
toon (Photo: Universal)
Difficult times highlight the true character of people.
In a world when the focus is often on what might divide us, Marco Island demonstrated that good people step up to the plate when called upon to act. When it became clear that Marco Island was in the direct path of a potentiality catastrophic monster category 5 storm, there wasn't despair, opportunism, or division. The island was filled with self-sacrifice, support, and kindness before, during, and after the storm.
The goodness of our island community is not due to a law or requiring it. Private citizens voluntarily came together to put their shared principles and love of our community into action to help neighbors in need. We all have much to be thankful for.
Thank the businesses of our island who rushed to reopen to serve our community after the storm. Thank the JW Marriott and others who sheltered many during the storm. Thank the first responders who stood at the ready putting others before themselves. Thank the city staff who tirelessly worked to prepare and recover to bring normalcy to our community. Thank LCEC and their crews for restoring our power for so many so quickly.
Let's not forget the unsung heroes among us, the anonymous islanders who deserve thanks for checking on the elderly, who cleared brush and vegetation and debris from a neighbor's yard, who delivered food and water, who offered their excess supplies to a family in need, or who opened their home or business to someone who needed a place to cool down.
Thank you, Marco Patriots.
Take pride in the character and quality of our island community. There's much work yet to be done but spread the word that Marco Island is back in business and we're stronger than ever. Speaking for me and my family, there is no place in the world we would rather be.
Jared Grifoni, vice chairperson, Marco Island City Council
Thank you to our clean-up volunteers
Marco Island Center for the Arts would like to thank the volunteers who made the Art Center's property sparkle and shine on Saturday, Sept. 30.
Longtime dedicated volunteer and well-known member of the Marco community, Dave Rice spearheaded this crucial clean-up project. Rice put together their team of volunteers and tackled the project with enthusiasm and gusto!
We thank the following volunteers: Dave Rice's team from Total Home Services, Phil Baratta, Judy Becker, Hyla Crane, Donna Hatlen, Mary Limont, Debbie and Marty Roddy, Chris and Ken Stroud, Valerie Trombly, Ann Vreeland, Rosemary Wick and Mary Kane Zemel.
The Art Center also wants to thank Sean and Nathan O'Donnell and their Ace Painting Team who helped us secure the property for Hurricane Irma and assisted us afterwards.
Join our wonderful community of volunteers. You will find like-minded friends, comradery, and the satisfaction of supporting one the area's finest arts and culture organizations. We look forward to meeting you!
Annie Burns, Marco Island Center for the Arts
Looking elsewhere for entertainment
The National Football League feels disrespected.
I'm sorry, but this is a group of grown men playing a schoolyard game as well as those who make money off it. They show disrespect for our flag and country, then get angry when they are called on it.
The object of our respect should be the men and women around the world protecting our country, the men and women in our country who are there in times of crises, and the men and women who go to work each day so their children will have a better life.
These are the people I respect. So to the NFL, I think I will take a knee and look elsewhere for entertainment this season.
James Hoover, Marco Island
Read or Share this story: http://www.marconews.com/story/opinion/2017/10/06/letters-editor-oct-6/733427001/
SANTO DOMINGO, Dominican Republic (AP) — In the opening scenes of the latest Vin Diesel action movie, troops in the Dominican Republic chase the hero through a rainforest and down a twisty mountain road. But in real life, the government is doing all it can to welcome the Hollywood star — or anyone else who wants to produce a film in this Caribbean country.
The filming here of some scenes from “xXx: Return of Xander Cage” is a sign of progress in efforts to persuade the film industry to use the Dominican Republic's lush mountains, white-sand beaches and colonial architecture as a backdrop.
“Now, we are on the map,” said Yvette Marichal, director of a government agency created in 2010 to woo film production companies to the country and to regulate their activities here.
Marichal spoke in a recent interview after returning from the Cannes Film Festival, where their agency had a pavilion promoting the country's varied landscape along with tax breaks and other incentives to lure companies from other destinations, including other parts of the Caribbean or the U.S.
Besides the Vin Diesel action flick, which grossed more than $300 million at the box office this year, the country's film credits have grown to include last year's Netflix production “True Memoirs of an International Assassin,” as well as “47 Meters Down,” which stars Mandy Moore and opens in the U.S. on Friday.
There are small-screen offerings as well, including the Turkish version of the competition series “Survivor,” which moved from the Philippines to the Dominican Republic's Samana area in the north, as well as the Greek version of the same program, which is moving from Argentina's Patagonian region, and a Swedish production of “The Bachelor.”
All or part of 45 foreign productions, including full-length movies, documentaries and reality TV shows, were filmed here last year. There were another 20 full-length movies for the domestic market, compared to three in 2010.
In the past, the country played host to some notable films. Parts of “Apocalypse Now” were filmed here as were scenes in “Godfather II” representing Cuba. In the 2006 movie adaptation of “Miami Vice,” the Dominican Republic stood in for Haiti, the other country occupying the island of Hispaniola. Those occasional productions inspired former President Leonel Fernandez, who was looking for ways to diversify the economy and bring jobs to the country of more than 10 million.
“That bit of investment in the Dominican Republic without any type of incentives motivated the president,” said Omar de la Cruz, who served on an advisory board that helped launch a more concerted effort to attract the film industry.
In 2010, the government established tax credits for productions costing at least $500,000 and exemptions on such things as import duties for audiovisual equipment. The movie “A Dark Truth,” starring Andy Garcia, was the first to take advantage of the new law in 2011.
In addition to the incentives and marketing, universities in the Dominican Republic began offering courses to provide the technical skills that production companies could use to find the local production and technical workers they are required to hire under the law. In 2013, the prominent Vicini family opened Lantica Media, which operates what it describes as the Caribbean's most modern studio and sound stage facilities in a partnership with Britain's Pinewood Studios.
Among the movies that Lantica Media worked on is “xXx: Return of Xander Cage,” which required hiring 300 local people with technical skills, providing valuable experience for them to work in future major productions, said Rafael Nunez, a production director at the company's location in San Pedro de Macoris on the southern coast. The facilities were also used in “47 Meters Down” and “True Memoirs of an International Assassin.”
Marichal credits some of the success to the country's varied landscape. “It is incredible how we have almost all ecosystems on this little island,” they said. “The only thing we lack is snow but for that we have studios.”
The benefits are difficult to measure, but Marichal's office says that film production in 2016 injected nearly $87 million into the economy and created 4,000 direct jobs. Most lucrative for the country are the long-running reality TV series, which bring crews staying six months or more at a time. There is also the benefit of promoting the country, already among the Caribbean's top tourist destinations.
“It encourages me to see how much the Dominican Republic has achieved in so little time,” Marichal said.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Regardless of the weather, the skies above Bristol will be looking just that little bit duller this week now that the Balloon Fiesta is over.
For four spectacular days, everywhere you went in the city people were looking up with their cameras pointed in the air, ready to get that Instagram perfect snap as hundreds of balloons took to the skies.
Facebook, Twitter and Instagram have been a constant stream of Fiesta snaps during the course of festival and we think that the Bristol Balloon Fiesta is officially the most photogenic event EVER.
And if you don't agree, you will after seeing just a few of these snaps…
You can get shots like this of one-year-old Milo having the time of their life
(Image: James Norris)
There are two stunning firework displays
There are the incredible stunts
The breathtaking Night Glow
And then of course, there are the balloons...
They look amazing on the ground
Together, they look even better
When the sun comes up, they are breathtaking
And from above, Ashton Court just looks amazing
When you're surrounded by balloons in the sky, it's pretty special
There's really nothing quite like it
From the balloons, you can get shots like this
(Image: Sophie Prideaux)
And this
And from the ground, you can get shots like this
(Image: Ron and Hugh Rogers)
And even when it's cloudy they still look great
Where else could you get a snap like this at 6am?
(Image: Gertie Goddard)
So yes, the Bristol Balloon Fiesta is officially the most photogenic event ever! We're already excited about next year
Cardi B says the #MeToo movement doesn't represent female hip-hop stars.
The 'Bodak Yellow' hitmaker claims "nobody gives a f**k" when women in the hip-hop industry speak out about how they were subjected to sexual misconduct.
They told Cosmopolitan magazine: "A lot of video vixens have spoked about this and nobody gives a f**k. When I was trying to be a vixen, people were like, 'You want to be on the cover of this magazine?' Then they pull their d***s out. I bet if one of these women stands up and talks about it, people are going to say, 'So what? You're a ho. It doesn't matter.' These [male] producers and directors [who are supporting the movement]. They're not waked, they're scared."
Meanwhile, Cardi B previously admitted they are working hard to make things better for their future children.
They said: "This is my work ethic: I do not want to raise my future kids where I was raised, and I know the only way to do it is working, working, working, working, working. I don't want to live in a small Bronx apartment. I don't want to have three kids that got to share one room. I don't want my kids to go to school and get gang-affiliated. I don't want to do welfare. I don't."
And Cardi can't believe so many people look up to them
They added: "When women come up to me like, 'I am a freaking senator,' or, 'I'm a Â­doctor'. It's like, 'Damn, y'all like me? I look up to y'all!' It's not that people want to be like me, but some want to say the things I say and can't, because they're afraid. I say it for them."
(WTNH) — While the state is bracing for more deep spending cuts, Connecticut State Colleges and Universities have locked in a hiring freeze.
The president of the school group Mark Ojakian, has implemented a hiring freeze at all 17 campuses in the CSCU system. UConn is not a part of CSCU.
“These spending control measures are necessary given our projected cut of $25 million for the next fiscal year,” said President Ojakian. “We must be strategic given our limited resources.”
The hiring freeze is in effect until further notice. Maribel La Luz, press contact for CSCU, says the freeze will be in effect through the end of the fiscal year and possible longer than that.
Ojakian will testify before the Connecticut General Assembly's Appropriations Committee Wednesday on the governor's proposed budget.
Bitcoin Futures Surge In First Day Of Trading
Enlarge this image toggle caption Kin Cheung/AP Kin Cheung/AP
On their first day of trading, bitcoin futures surged past $18,000, adding to a streak for the digital currency that began the year at just $1,000 and has nearly tripled in value over the past month alone.
Reuters reports that bitcoin futures, traded through the Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), saw January contracts, which opened at $15,460 in New York on Sunday evening, leap to a high of $17,170 during Asian hours.
Trading, which began at 6 p.m. ET (5 p.m. CT), was so intense that halts designed to cool volatility were triggered twice on the CBOE.
The halts are "not surprising based on the volatility of the underlying [asset]. The futures are behaving as expected and designed," Tom Lehrkinder, senior analyst at consulting firm Tabb Group, was quoted by CNBC as saying.
Coindesk writes: "In all, the tumultuous start is perhaps a fitting start to the trading of the new contracts. CBOE's is the first to be traded on a major regulated exchange in the U.S., and it's set to be followed next week by CME Group, which has announced that it will launch its own products on Dec. 18."
The surge in bitcoin futures, the first of which expire in January, adds to the frenzy for the digital currency that was introduced in 2009 and has seen its value skyrocket in recent months.
But it has also contributed to concern that bitcoin, which is not backed by any country's central bank, is a speculative bubble that could burst if investors get nervous and begin selling.
As NPR's Bill Chappell wrote last month:
"Bitcoin's rise has been both meteoric and volatile, with surges in valuation often being driven by positive reports about its status. Earlier this year, for instance, Japan recognized bitcoin as an official method of payment. "... Another factor has been the move to split the original bitcoin segment into two currencies: bitcoin classic and bitcoin cash. That change, which became official in August, has allowed large trades in the currency to occur more frequently, while also promising to bolster its infrastructure."
"This is kind of the classic bubble psychology," Timothy Lee, a senior tech reporter with Ars Technica, tells NPR's Weekend Edition Saturday. "People hear about it and they say, 'Oh, maybe I should get in because this is an opportunity.' Then the cycle repeats. The price goes up some more, and so it gets more coverage."
The Associated Press writes "[the] rocketing level of appreciation smells a lot like an irrational investor mania to many economists and financial pros, the kind that sent prices for unprofitable startup internet companies soaring in the dot-com boom. Those prices eventually came crashing down."
According to The Financial Times, in Japan, investors were buying bitcoin with a leverage up to 15 times their cash deposit. However, "Yuzo Kano, bitFlyer's chief executive, said in an interview with the Financial Times that the liquidity on their Tokyo-based exchange — which has an 80 per cent share of bitcoin trading in Japan and 20-30 per cent of the global market — was deep enough to handle even the biggest market movements."
OTTAWA — The Competition Bureau says its new interim commissioner will be former assistant crown attorney Matthew Boswell.
Boswell succeeds John Pecman, who was the first bureau staffer and non-lawyer to hold the commissioner title.
Boswell joined the Competition Bureau in 2011 and has been senior deputy commissioner since September 2012.
They previously served as senior litigation counsel for the Ontario Securities Commission's enforcement branch.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Eric Bailly could be fit for Manchester United's Champions League trip to Seville later this month, Jose Mourinho has revealed.
Ibrahimovic has been sidelined since Boxing Day, while Bailly has not featured for United since November 5, following ankle surgery.
But United boss Mourinho revealed the pair could be in contention to face Seville on February 21, for the away leg of their last 16 ties.
"They are working on the pitch but not yet with us as a group so they are not very close to a return," said Mourinho.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: PA Wire)
"I want to believe that by Champions League time, around the end of the month, they will be back."
Mourinho also played down talk of Zlatan making a mid-season switch to the MLS.
The Swede has been linked with a move to LA Galaxy, but Mourinho insists that is not a conversation that has been had.
(Image: PA)
“I don't speak with players about media news. I see them every day, I am not working directly with him, for example today I was watching their work.
“He never mentioned absolutely anything to me, not an opinion, comment nothing at all, so I presume nothing is true in the news because I would probably be first to know from him, so I presume nothing.”
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A full collection of signed Harry Potter first editions will set you back more than £28,000 – while the most paid at auction for a single JK Rowling book was a staggering £1.95million.
But they are far from the only books worth far more now than what people paid for them – with even some 2008 books now fetching hundreds if you sell them.
This is what you need to know to find out if any of your old Harry Potter books are now worth a mint.
What to look for
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Harry Potter books are still in print – that means you can pick up a copy for £3.85 and you can buy all 7 of the classic books for less than £30.
That means for your old books to be worth more than that they have to offer something a little bit different.
First editions – especially of the first two books – are worth at least £20 no matter what state they're in and can be worth thousands and thousands of pounds.
“Bonhams sold a set of first editions of the Harry Potter books in 2005 for £14,400, and on two occasions in 2007 sold copies of The Philosopher's Stone for £9,000,” Matthew Haley, head of books at auction house Bonhams, told Mirror Money.
“That first book in the series is worth hugely more than the subsequent volumes, and condition is everything. More recently first editions of the first book in fair condition have sold for around £4,000. Obviously genuine signatures or even better inscriptions by JK Rowling can add tremendously to the value.”
Other things to looks for are rarer versions of the books – ones with different covers, illustrations, large print – basically anything out of the ordinary that's no longer available.
What your books are worth
(Image: Getty)
Online book specialist AbeBooks is a good place to go to find out what copies like yours are being sold for – as they have signed and rare version of almost everything available - although eBay.co.uk and Amazon Marketplace also have older editions for sale.
To save you time though – here's what to watch for and what's worth what:
Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (1997)
(Image: Wikipedia)
Only 500 hardcover copies were printed of the first edition, and sell for tens of thousands. Look for a print line that reads "10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1" and the crediting of "Joanne Rowling" not JK.
Standard first editions sell for anything between thousands and £20 depending on their condition and the print run.
You can also get as much as £1,800 for first editions of the 1999 deluxe edition and early versions of the Australian and US print runs (where it's called Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone – printed in 1998)
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (1998)
Another valuable one to have in your collection – published in 1998 in not many numbers (Harry Potter mania and massive print runs only came into being with Goblet of Fire in 2000). Hardcover first editions make four-figures and other early print versions make hundreds – with early versions of the deluxe editions making thousands.
Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (1999)
(Image: PA)
A mistake in early versions of this 1999 book mean if you find one with Joanne Rowling (not JK) printed on the copyright page it will be worth over £1,000.
A good condition hard cover first edition sells for a few hundred pounds, while any version of the deluxe edition makes from £15 for more than £3,000 depending on the edition and the condition.
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (2000)
There are a few versions of the fourth book out there – with different covers on the American and UK first editions. These can sell for several hundreds of pounds depending on the condition. A standard copy of the first edition can be picked up for about £10 though – so don't count any chickens.
Quidditch Through The Ages/Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2001)
First released as charity books for Comic Relief – this pair of books has since been re-printed many times (and one is even being turned into a film).
The books picked up interest after the 2016 film of Fantastic Beasts was released, with editions signed by the cast of the fim commanding high prices as well as ones signed by Rowling herself.
If you have a boxed, hardback versions from 2001 it could be worth more than £300, while good condition soft backs are sold for more than £50 as a pair and around £25 each.
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (2003)
By the time the fifth book in the series came out, JK Rowling was a global phenomenon. That means there are a LOT of first editions out there and they are worth less than earlier versions. That said, anything signed by JK Rowling is worth four figures and versions signed by the illustrator are worth well over £100. Good quality first editions can fetch £50 though.
Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (2005)
Sadly you can pick up a first edition of Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince for as little as £6 – meaning to make some serious money yours will have to stand out. An illustrated deluxe edition could be worth hundreds, while a good condition one with the adult covers can fetch more than £100.
A standard edition needs to be basically pristine to make more than £50.
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (2007)
The sheer numbers of first editions on the market, mean even signed copies of the final Harry Potter book can be found for less than £100 – although in good condition they'll still fetch more than £1,000. Excellent condition books with less usual covers (ie adult, deluxe and some overseas printings) can still be worth more than £100 though.
The Tales of Beedle the Bard (2008)
This is a surprise winner in the collectible Harry Potter books stakes. Not only is it the most expensive Harry Potter book ever (thanks to a hand-written copy going for £1.95million at auction), anyone who snapped up one of the collector's editions was on to a winner.
These cost £50 at the time, but are now selling for anything between £200 and £1,000.
Standard editions of the hardback versions can also make more than £50 in good condition.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (2016)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
The script of the eighth Harry Potter story - set 19 years after the original series ended (or exactly where it left off if you count the epilogue at the end of Deathly Hallows) - can fetch more than £100 if you have a first edition with the promotional items included.
A signed version (by the cast or author) can set you back more than £300.
However, a standard first edition generally won't make more than £20.
You can find out more about your magical book treasures here:
New Delhi: Our galaxy, the Milky Way, is one celestial body that has been studied with great interest. Over time, there have been incredible revelations about its structure and evolution.
With advancement in technology, numerous devices have been constructed and built over the years to study the Earth's starry home and the bodies that reside within it.
Last month, China announced the launch of its first X-ray space telescope which has unique capabilities to observe high-energy celestial bodies such as black holes and neutron stars thought to be hidden in the Milky Way.
On Thursday, China flagged off the Hard X-ray Modulation Telescope (HXMT) via a Long March-4B rocket from Jiuquan Satellite Launch Centre in Gobi Desert at 11:00 am, reports Xinhua news agency.
Launched with an aim to observe black holes, pulsars and gamma-ray bursts, the HXMT has a larger detection area, broader energy range and wider field of view, as compared to X-ray astronomical satellites of other countries.
Weighing 2.5-tonnes, the telescope dubbed Insight, was sent into an orbit of 550 km above the Earth to help scientists better understand the evolution of black holes, and the strong magnetic fields and the interiors of pulsars.
Through the telescope, scientists will also study how to use pulsars for spacecraft navigation, and search for gamma-ray bursts corresponding to gravitational waves.
The result of the wisdom and efforts of several generations of Chinese scientists, Insight is expected to push forward the development of space astronomy and improve space X-ray detection technology in China.
(With IANS inputs)
Interview: 'Cricket wasn't for me anymore', Ireland international quits cricket aged only 26
Aadya Sharma FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER Exclusive 504 // 04 Jul 2018, 17:27 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Terry made their first-class debut for Hampshire in 2012
“For the first few overs, I was quite nervous, waiting for a massive cut shot from Virat Kohli to come my way”.
A nervous Sean Terry, speaking to an Irish daily back in 2014, hadn't suppressed their feelings of being part of a Test match.
Playing for Hampshire then, Terry was thrown into the deep end, replacing Ian Bell as a substitute fielder for England, against India in the Southampton Test. They had no international experience prior to that.
They ended up poaching Ajinkya Rahane off Moeen Ali at mid-on.
Four years later, all of 26, Terry, an Ireland international cricketer, decided to call it quits from all forms of the game.
"Yes, I did take that catch down at the Ageas Bowl when I was at Hampshire. My goal was to follow in dad's footsteps (his father Paul represented England) and play for Hampshire then go from there".
"I felt like I wasn't mentally at the level to play international cricket and just wasn't enjoying the game like should have been. I am just looking to move in a new direction".
Terry spoke to Sportskeeda about bringing a sudden end to their career, and the road that lies ahead for him.
Born in Hampshire, they represented Western Australia at the Under-19 level and then moved back to England. In 2016, they decided to move to Ireland and graduated to the international level in no time.
"The proudest moment in my cricketing career was making my debut for Ireland".
They went on to play for them in five ODIs and a T20I, that very year. Until last month, they were representing Leinster Lightning in the Inter-Provincial Championship.
It's very rare that a player of their age, with international experience, gives up the game completely. It reminds one of Zafar Ansari, who broke into the English side at the age of 25 but decided to walk away in pursuit of higher academic glory.
England's Zafar Ansari had similarly retired, aged only 25, in 2017.
For Terry, the pressure to play the sport wasn't the reason.
"No, I always enjoyed the pressure. I just felt that cricket wasn't for me anymore".
They still believe they can pursue a career in the game, albeit in a different capacity. "If the right thing came up then I would definitely stay involved with cricket".
Their career ended with Ireland, their adopted nation that recently made its foray into Test cricket. Just last week, they were at the receiving end of a 2-0 drubbing to the touring Indians in a T20I series.
"Ireland are a bit of a crossroads, people have put so much work to get the opportunities for the country. Now it's up to the selectors to be brave and start blooming some new players. The only way Irish based players are going to be ready for international cricket is to play international cricket".
Captain Virat Kohli is back in England, itching to burn the demons of their horrid 2014 season. At Southampton, India had given away their lead for England to level the series. They eventually ended up losing the series 2-1 to the hosts.
Terry ( centre ) celebrates Ajinkya Rahane's catch at the Ageas Bowl
Recalling their day under the sun during that game, Terry said: "It was an extremely nerve-wracking day! I just remember Ian Bell getting injured in one the first few overs".
"It was an amazing atmosphere throughout the day and I ended up spending the whole day on the field. Then obviously, that catch went up and I was extremely nervous".
"Luckily, I caught it and will provide me with a good story for future years!"
There might be a few regrets, but Terry has decided to move on, looking elsewhere to find a new meaning in life.
"I feel disappointed that I couldn't have a bit more time with Ireland but this is 100% the right decision for me. I want to start a new phase of my life and move back to be around my family and friends".
Amidst cricketing stories of players trying to stretch their careers, Terry tale sits out in complete contrast. Sporting scripts, as they say, never cease to amaze.
Mississippi Governor Signs Nation's Toughest Abortion Ban Into Law
Enlarge this image toggle caption Rogelio V. Solis/AP Rogelio V. Solis/AP
In their State of the State Address in 2014, Gov. Phil Bryant announced a goal: "to end abortion in Mississippi."
Bryant has now signed a law that makes their state the most difficult state in the country to get an abortion. It is called the Gestational Age Act, and it bans abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, except in the case of a medical emergency or a severe fetal abnormality. The law does not make exceptions in cases of rape or incest. The Mississippi House passed the measure on March 8, and Bryant signed it into law on Monday.
The Associated Press reports that Mississippi's only abortion clinic has sued the state in response to the legislation. In 2012, that same clinic, The Jackson Women's Health Organization, filed a lawsuit challenging a different bill Bryant signed into law. That bill enacted stricter requirements for abortion facilities, including a requirement that all physicians associated with an abortion facility have the right to admit patients to a local hospital. It was eventually blocked by a federal district court in 2013.
After signing this latest bill, Bryant wrote on Twitter, "I am committed to making Mississippi the safest place in America for an unborn child, and this bill will help us achieve that goal."
"We are saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing we could do," Bryant said as they signed the bill. "We'll probably be sued here in about a half hour, and that'll be fine with me. It is worth fighting over."
On the national level, some recent attempts to restrict abortion have failed, as Julie Rovner reported for NPR and Kaiser Health News:
Despite many attempts, Congress did not pass a federal ban on abortions occurring after 20 weeks, didn't cut off Planned Parenthood's federal funding and didn't write into permanent law the Hyde Amendment, which bans most federal abortion funding but needs annual renewal.
But, Rovner added, the Trump administration has made some progress in restricting abortion and contraception access:
“Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!”
— Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), on Twitter, June 23, 2016.
A day after the Roseanne reboot was canceled over a racist tweet from its star, President Trump criticized ABC for failing to address the "HORRIBLE statements" said about him.
"Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that 'ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," Trump tweeted Wednesday. "Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?"
In this combination photo, U.S. President Donald Trump appears at a campaign rally in Moon Township, Pa., on March 10, 2018, left, and Roseanne Barr arrives at the Los Angeles premiere of "Roseanne" in Burbank, Calif.
AP
Trump's comments were the first time they weighed in on Roseanne Barr's tweet about former Obama adviser Valerie Jarrett: "Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby."
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let them know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, they never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Iger, the CEO of ABC's parent company Disney, has previously been at odds with the president. They quit Trump's business advisory council when the president pulled out of the Paris climate agreement last year. They also called Trump's decision to end the Obama-era Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals program (DACA) "cruel and misguided."
After Trump's tweet, some Democratic lawmakers criticized the president.
I wish you were just as outraged to learn that more than 4,000 Americans died in #PuertoRico on your watch. https://t.co/T2gBPiZKGf — Rep. Joe Crowley (@repjoecrowley) May 30, 2018
Wow. This is right up there with using a “Happy Memorial Day” tweet to list accomplishments. I wonder how many @realDonaldTrump hard core supporters would let a whiny snowflake like this into their homes. https://t.co/SuMjdwwWoP — Jim Himes (@jahimes) May 30, 2018
But we are trusting this ⬇️ fragile ego to negotiate with North Korea. https://t.co/t7xhFTrmhO — Ruben Gallego (@RubenGallego) May 30, 2018
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said the president was merely calling out media bias with their tweet.
"No one is defending what they said," Sander said. "The president is the president of all the country.”
They complained that networks did not cover Trump's bill signing ceremony live.
“The president is pointing to the hypocrisy of the media saying the most horrible things about the president,” they said.
They recited a litany of grievances against ABC and its affiliated networks: ESPN's Jemele Hill calling Trump a white supremacist; The View host Joy Behar calling Vice President Pence's faith a “mental illness;” comedian Kathy Griffin going on the view to retract their apology for posing with what appeared to be Trump's severed head; and ESPN re-hiring Keith Olbermann, who has called Trump a Nazi.
“This is a double standard that the president is speaking about. Nobody is defending their comments. They're inappropriate, but that wasn't the point they were making.”
For their part, Jarrett, an Iranian-born African-American, discussed the situation during a town hall on MSNBC Wednesday night, during which they said Iger called them to apologize.
"He said that they had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment and they wanted me to know before they made it public that they were canceling the show," they said.
Jarrett said they wanted this to become a teaching moment — and noted that Trump themselves bears some responsibility for Barr's actions.
"The tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though they reflect the values of our country," they said. "But I also think every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be."
Contributing: Gregory Korte
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Oroville Dam Evacuations Lifted As Officials Say Structure Can Withstand Next Storm
Enlarge this image toggle caption Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP
After two days of round-the-clock work to control water flowing over the Oroville Dam in Northern California, people who live downstream of the structure are allowed to return to their homes, officials announced Tuesday.
Nearly 200,000 people were affected by evacuations after water scoured enormous holes in two of the dam's concrete spillways beginning Sunday, raising concerns that the tallest dam in the country could fail.
Butte County Sheriff Kory Honea announced Tuesday evening they were lifting an evacuation order issued on Sunday, Dan Brekke of member station KQED reported.
"Thousands of lives were protected [from] the looming prospect of a catastrophic failure of the emergency spillway," Honea told reporters, adding that residents should be ready to evacuate again if conditions change.
"There's the prospect that we can issue another evacuation order if circumstances change," they said.
The Red Cross said shelters remained open on Tuesday evening.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency also announced that federal disaster relief for Butte, Sutter and Yuba counties had been approved by the White House on Tuesday.
On Monday and Tuesday, crews dumped enormous rocks into damaged sections of the dam's damaged emergency spillway, hoping to prevent further erosion. The spillway is supposed to carry water from Lake Oroville around the main wall of the dam when the lake level is too high.
With the lake level still high and more rain forecast for later this week, officials rushed to prevent a catastrophe, as The Los Angeles Times reported:
"A swarm of trucks and helicopters dumped 1,200 tons of material per hour onto the eroded hillside that formed the dam's emergency spillway. One quarry worked around the clock to mine boulders as heavy as 6 tons. An army of workers mixed concrete slurry to help seal the rocks in place. " 'This is an aggressive, proactive attack to address the erosion,' said Bill Croyle, acting director of the state Department of Water Resources. 'There's a lot of people, a lot of equipment, a lot of materials moving around, from the ground and from the air.' "At the main spillway, a different and riskier operation was underway: Despite a large hole in the concrete chute, officials have been sending a massive amount of the swollen reservoir's water down the chute to the Feather River in a desperate attempt to reduce the lake's level. "The structure continued to hold Tuesday without sustaining more significant damage, officials said."
By Wednesday morning, officials said the lake level was low enough to handle rain from the next storm, Dan Brekke reported.
The damage to Oroville Dam raises questions about the ability of aging infrastructure to cope with severe weather exacerbated by global warming.
After a damaging five year drought in California, the National Weather Service said Tuesday that much of the state is on track for the wettest winter ever recorded, filling reservoirs and replenishing alpine snowpack that will continue to feed rivers for months.
That means California's aging dams will be tested as they have not been in years.
The New York Times reported that "of the 1,585 dams in California, 17 are listed in poor condition and 97 in fair condition, according to the National Inventory of Dams, which is kept by the United States Army Corps of Engineers."
On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer called the Oroville dam situation "a textbook example of why we need to pursue a major infrastructure package in Congress," continuing, "Dams, bridges, roads, and all ports around the county have fallen into disrepair."
Welcome to Mega Buzz, your go-to place for the latest and greatest spoilers on your favorite TV shows. We know you have questions, and we have answers! If you're craving scoop on something in particular, e-mail us your question at mega_scoop@tvguide.com or drop us a line at Twitter.com/TVGuide. You can also catch up on all the latest Mega Buzz right here!
We hear there's a new villain heading to Hawaii Five-0 who bears a striking resemblance to an enemy from the past!
This new adversary, a brilliant young computer hacker, has a stylistic kinship with Ian Wright (Nick Jonas), who died in the Season 4 finale. Wright, you may recall, was a sociopathic hacker and criminal who kidnapped Grover's (Chi McBride) daughter and would have killed them if Wo Fat (Mark Dacascos) hadn't killed them first.
This hacker might be even worse, both in terms of hacking ability and cold-bloodedness. And we may find that the resemblance to the youngest Jonas Brother's character goes deeper than style alone...
Stopping this dangerous enemy is new Five-0 member and former lifeguard Tani Rey's (Meaghan Rath) first assignment, and she's diving right into the deep end.
Hawaii Five-0 Season 8 premieres Friday, Sept. 29 at 9/8c on CBS.
(Full disclosure: TV Guide is owned by CBS.)
Today's digital economy depends entirely on the speed and reliability of the networks across which information flows. And while it has become cliché to say the demands on the network are increasing, the facts bear this out: the number of Internet of Things (IoT) connected devices is set to triple—to 27 billion devices—over the next 10 years. Cellular connections will grow even more over the same period, by 85 percent to 2.2 billion, according to a recent study by Machina Research.1
The way customers use the network is also changing. The rise in popularity of cloud services is growing by double digits every year, including Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS), which Gartner predicts will grow by 36.8 and 20.1 percent, respectively, this year alone. Users expect to be able to access these cloud services on any device, from any location and at any time, which places greater demand on the network both in terms of traffic volume and increased performance and reliability requirements.
In response to this increased growth and complexity, service providers are considering the redesign of their network architectures by adopting Software-Defined Networking (SDN) and Network Functions Virtualization (NFV) technologies. These innovations help generate new revenue more quickly by simplifying service creation and deployment, and reduce CAPEX and OPEX by using commodity hardware, making it easier to modify and manage the network from end to end.
Many service providers around the world have already started to gain the benefits of these technologies. Despite these advances, however, ongoing network and service management and optimization are proving challenging for service providers due to continuously evolving requirements, limited network resources, tighter budgets, and high customer expectations.
The good news is that the network itself can provide the information required to resolve these challenges. Analytics can be used to make sense of all the data extracted from the network and help service providers proactively plan, strategize, and better execute on their business goals.
ciena
As Figure 1 illustrates, with the increasing complexity of the services ecosystem, network operators should implement advanced technologies such as orchestration and analytics to enable intelligent automation and reduce operational complexity.
Read the whitepaper here.
Indian patients miss out on half of the new medicines by at least five years. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint
In the past one year, the decisions by the National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA), including price ceilings, have led to intense discussions. Clearly, the long-term ramifications were ignored by the agency in assessing the right way forward for the fragile, wobbling healthcare system of our country. The agency will appoint a new chairperson soon.
The World Health Organisation (WHO) revealed last year that several countries that are poorer than India allocated and disbursed significantly more funds to their health sectors. Our problems are different, and possibly much more complex. But, for us, defence deals seem to be more important than diarrhoeal diseases, and highways and ports are prioritized over heart and pulmonary diseases. While we spend 1.4% of our national income on health and family welfare, Brazil spends 3.8%. On top of this, we battle crippling corruption and extreme bureaucratic inefficiency on a daily basis in the procurement and distribution of medicines, and ultimately end up relying on phased-out legacy medical devices, delayed drugs and treatment options.
Decisions taken in the last year by the NPPA seem to suggest that capping market prices has become the go-to solution in India. But price ceilings are far from a panacea. Without catching the drift of long-term implications, unmethodical price regulation will be detrimental to India's healthcare system. Using price ceilings as a policy tool to correct perennial systemic problems in our formal healthcare system is akin to paralysing the body while treating a sore arm.
For the new chairperson of the NPPA, the biggest challenge might just be to stay focused and get the basics right. A recent empirical study by the Advanced Medical Technology Association (AdvaMed), which comprises nearly 300 global medical technology companies, found that the price cap on stents led neither to better accessibility of angioplasty procedures, nor to affordability for patients bearing out-of-pocket expenses.
India's indigenous industry should fight much more pressing challenges; after all, among a range of problems, we have a high incidence of diabetes and cancer. We ignore that “access” must be accompanied with “timely”; and “drugs” and “devices” with “improved” and “innovative”. For the new chairperson of the NPPA, a priority should be to create an enabling environment to ensure that we have improved drugs, innovative devices and timely access to healthcare, irrespective of whom the provider is.
Striking the right balance in regulation for healthcare is always an herculean task. India is still import-dependent in the technology-intensive segment of the medical equipment industry, with 75-90% of equipment, implants and patient aids being imported, simply because R&D (research and development) and innovation are not a priority. The cost-containment approach of policies that focus on static efficiency may produce favourable outcomes in the short term, but have an overall adverse effect on the innovation potential of the industry. There is a need to balance access and affordability by inducing more competition on the one hand while encouraging innovation and long-term stability of the sector on the other. The successful licensing mechanisms, including medicine patent pool or tiered pricing models that maximize public health benefits, were initiated and propelled by the same firms that are now being pushed out of what was a level playing field.
The market for medical devices certainly offers huge potential for the Indian industry to tap into. At the moment, there is clearly an imbalance in the level of technological competency, the larger vision of policymaking, and priorities of our healthcare system. Indian patients miss out on half of the new medicines that are launched in other countries by at least five years because of a failure to embrace dynamic competition, the push to weaken intellectual property (IP) rights, and the embrace of populist, market distorting price-control policies.
According to WHO and Health Action International, more than 50% of the end price of medicine is contributed by components other than the manufacturer's selling price. Drug price regulation, such as the one instituted by the NPPA recently, is ineffective if the design of the price-control mechanism is detached from all the other components identified by WHO.
Other than exacerbating the real risk of cutting down supply of medical technologies in the market, a price ceiling does nothing to stop several service providers from recouping their lost profit margins from elsewhere. In the end, patients end up paying the price due to a misguided policy, either through lack of supply in the market, or through higher pricing of complementary medical services. A solution the agency can consider is price regulation for older technologies that have already been disseminated in the market, rather than distorting the free market for new technologies, thereby putting the lid on the potential for innovation in new medical technologies.
We must strike a balance between the current and future needs of patients, and the timely introduction of existing and new drugs and devices. Incentives for innovation must be preserved to stop our healthcare system from crumbling. After all, a lot of the work by the NPPA, unlike other regulatory agencies, does not necessarily bring benefits in our lifetime. Correct formulation and implementation of policies by the agency will have long-lasting consequences for future generations.
Ashish Bharadwaj teaches law and economics at the Jindal Global Law School.
Choir's Performance At Trump Inauguration Divides Mormons
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir will perform at the inauguration of Donald Trump. That move is not going over well with some members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
Boise -
This week's education and political headlines:
Science standards, the 2018 debate. If it seems like you've seen this movie before, you have; for the third successive year, Idaho lawmakers are trying to agree on a new set of school science standards. The sticking point, still, is how the standards should address issues such as climate change. The House Education Committee took two days of testimony this week — hearing from scientists, teachers, and students who support robust standards — but took no action. https://www.idahoednews.org/news/lawmakers-delay-action-proposed-science-standards/
Gubernatorial candidates pan CEO plan. If Idaho creates a higher education “CEO,” Idaho's next governor would inherit this new position. But no leading gubernatorial candidate, Republican or Democrat, is on board with the idea. The closest thing to an endorsement: Lt. Gov. Brad Little, Gov. Butch Otter's preferred successor, says Otter's idea “deserves robust discussion.” https://www.idahoednews.org/tag-categories/elections/gubernatorial-candidates-pan-higher-ed-ceo-proposal/
The money race. During the second half of 2017, the three leading Republicans raised more than $1.6 million in their bid for governor. And beyond the raw numbers, the latest campaign finance reports reveal sharply different approaches to the May 15 GOP primary. https://www.idahoednews.org/news/gop-candidates-raise-1-6-million-bid-succeed-otter/ Meanwhile, incumbent state superintendent Sherri Ybarra and Republican challenger Jeff Dillon have raised a paltry $8,600 for their campaigns, combined. https://www.idahoednews.org/features/financingthefuture/election-2018/ybarra-dillon-scrape-campaign-dollars/
Ongoing drama in New Plymouth. District employees are urging Superintendent Kevin Barker to resign after the New Plymouth Education Association organized a vote of no confidence. In a letter to trustees, district employees accuse Barker of retaliation and harassing personnel “to the point of severe mental anguish.” Barker dismisses the allegations and the math behind the no-confidence vote and says they don't intend to step down. https://www.idahoednews.org/news/superintendent-faces-no-confidence-vote-calls-resignation/
‘Kids can't just set traumatic incidents aside.' Five years ago, Caldwell's Lewis and Clark Elementary School adopted a trauma-informed teaching approach, deploying breathing exercises and quiet spaces to help students navigate the school day. The results: Discipline problems are down, and reading scores have improved. “We need to create a safe emotional environment before we can even talk about academics,” principal Leigh Peebles says. https://www.idahoednews.org/features/trauma-informed-teaching-changes-culture-caldwell/
Kevin Richert is a reporter and blogger with Idaho Education News (idahoednews.org.) Idaho Education News is an independent news site focused on education policy and politics, funded by the J.A. and Kathryn Albertson Family Foundation. Richert has worked in the Idaho news media since 1985, as a reporter, editor and columnist.
(Adds detail, background)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Telecom operator Tele2, which is taking over cable TV firm Com Hem, said on Friday it would aim to grow dividends as it posted a fourth-quarter core profit in line with expectations.
* Q4 sales rose to SEK 6.64 bln ($845.8 mln) from 6.34 bln vs 6.46 bln seen in Reuters poll, while EBITDA increased to SEK 1.53 bln from 1.46 bln vs 1.52 bln seen in poll
* Kinnevik controlled Tele2 says new dividend policy is to increase dividend over time, and sticks to principle of returns of any excess cash. The company has proposed a dividend of 4.00 SEK for 2017
* Says Challenger program expected to result in more than SEK 1 bln of benefits in 2018 compared to the 2014 baseline, including the now discontinued operations in the Netherlands and Austria
* Says integration of acquired TDC is progressing well and we are approaching our target run-rate benefits of around SEK 300 million
* Says in 2018 we will therefore look for further opportunities beyond our earlier target level, and we believe this is achievable with a lower integration cost than the SEK 750 million previously communicated
* Tele2 in January agreed a $3.2 billion takeover of Com Hem amid a global wave of mergers reshaping the telecoms and media sector
* Another deal involving Kinnevik controlled companies was announced on Thursday, when Danish telecoms operator TDC said it had agreed a $2.5 billion takeover of Swedish media group MTG's broadcasting and entertainment business Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 7.8534 Swedish crowns) (Reporting by Helena Soderpalm)
YouTube on Friday began labeling news broadcasts that get government money as it vowed to be stricter about content at the globally popular online video-sharing service.
A feature being rolled out in the US displays notices below videos uploaded by news broadcasters which receive government or public money, according to a blog post by YouTube News senior product manager Geoff Samek.
“Our goal is to equip users with additional information to help them better understand the sources of news content that they choose to watch on YouTube,” Samek said
“News is an important vertical for us and we want to be sure to get it right.”
The move is likely to affect videos from services such as Russia-backed RT, which critics call a propaganda outlet for Moscow, but others as well.
The blog post included a screen shot with a disclaimer about the US government-funded Radio Free Asia. The flagging may also apply to state-chartered news organizations such as the BBC and AFP, and US-based public broadcasters.
Notices displayed with state-sponsored news broadcasts will include links to Wikipedia online encyclopedia so viewers can find out more about agencies behind the reports, according to Samek.
The feature is nascent and will be refined based on feedback from users.
YouTube made a series of changes last year intended to “better surface authoritative news,” according to Samek.
YouTube priorities for this year include tightening and better enforcing rules at the service, according to chief executive Susan Wojcicki.
“The same creativity and unpredictability that makes YouTube so rewarding can also lead to unfortunate events where we need to take a clear, informed, and principled stance,” Wojcicki said in an online post.
“We realize we have a serious social responsibility to get these emerging policy issues right.”
Solutions being worked on include enhanced software smarts and more human review of videos uploaded to YouTube, according to Wojcicki.
The number of workers at YouTube and Google focused on content that might violate policies was to increase to more than 10,000.
“We're also currently developing policies that would lead to consequences if a creator does something egregious that causes significant harm to our community as a whole,” Wojcicki said.
YouTube last month announced ramped-up rules regarding when it will run ads with videos as it scrambled to quell concerns by brands about being paired with troublesome content.
YouTube late last year pulled 150,000 videos of children after lewd comments about them were posted by viewers.
-AFP
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TIMBERLAKE, N.C. -- A North Carolina woman says their insurance was canceled because of a picture of their dog on Facebook.
Melina Efthimiadis and their husband say they are low risk clients. However, when they tried to add personal umbrella liability to their homeowner's insurance, Nationwide canceled their policy, according to WTVD.
Efthimiadis said they had included the family's three dogs – a Shih Tzu, a hound and a Lab/hound mix – on the application, but the company claimed they had failed to disclose that they owned a Rottweiler mix, considered a dangerous breed.
The mix-up apparently came from Efthimiadis' own Facebook photo of their pups playing in the snow.
"They sent us the pictures that they had taken off of my Facebook page of my dog Zeus who is a Lab/hound mix," they told WTVD.
Melina, who works as a veterinarian, was able to prove it to the company and Nationwide Insurance reversed its decision.
In the end, however, Melina said they decided to switch to another insurance company anyway.
"Be careful of what you post on Facebook," they told the station. "It's sad that you can't post pictures of your beloved pet on your own Facebook page and have it public."
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's another big row brewing over the Eurovision Song Contest – and this year it isn't about whether or not Graham Norton is supplying the wine.
Instead it's about how Sweden has managed to get around the decision by the Portuguese hosts to ban flashing LED screens from this year's show.
The idea was to make this year's competition more about the singing than the flashy staging (gasp!)
It comes in response to last year's winner, Salvador Sobral, declaring in their winning speech that “music is not fireworks” and would have been the first Eurovision without LED screens and flashy projection effects since 2010.
(Image: Getty)
Square Eyes: TV star Kate Garraway thinks Good Morning Britain's winning formula could work well in evening
But – somehow – it's not happening.
Sweden has overruled the ‘no LEDs' decision and will bring its own screens for singer Benjamin Ingrosso, because it can afford to (handily, the Swedish head of delegation Christer Bjorkman is involved in producing Eurovision this year).
But others, like cash-strapped Estonia, have been left struggling.
While performer Elina Nechayeva is among the favourites to win, the country has not been able to afford the estimated £65,000 cost of the projectors used on their dress during their qualifying performance.
Without it, it will be a big setback to Estonia's chances.
Armenia is also struggling to afford the EBU's charges for the light fog effect it was seeking for artist Sevak.
(Image: Getty)
Square Eyes: Ex-EastEnders star Jo Joyner talks the talk in Ackley Bridge after playing a host of Northerners
One Eurovision source said: “A lot of delegations are up in arms. It really should have been a blanket ban imposed by the European Broadcasting Union but, as usual at ESC, money talks.
“Portugal had the best of intentions but they have managed to create a situation where a select few will now have an advantage.”
Sweden is desperate to win for a seventh time, to put it on an equal footing with leaders Ireland. May the best singers win.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yep, there it is.
We could have teased this out a bit and waited until a little lower down the page before we showed you this shirt which was spotted at Sunday night's Spanish Super Cup clash between Barcelona and Real Madrid at the Nou Camp, but frankly we couldn't wait to bring it to you.
So there you go.
Do you want to see it again?
Really?
Oh, go on then.
(Image: AFP)
Now the fan sporting it is only a young man and so we don't want to be too critical of him, it's just... well... it's pretty hard not to be isn't it?
Clearly a fan of both players - which it is no crime to be given how brilliant they both are - the fan has ignored the bitter sporting and cultural differences between Barcelona and Real Madrid and created an odd hybrid of 'Mealdo', with Messi and Ronaldo's trademark shirt numbers both featuring.
(Image: Rex Features)
(Image: AFP)
Mesmeric, isn't it?
But that isn't the only dodgy joint shirt we've ever seen. Far from it.
After Paul Pogba and Romelu Lukaku tore it up for Manchester United against West Ham in their opening game of the Premier League season on Sunday, the following 'Pogkaku' shirt was spotted.
And that might be a direct descendant of last season's 'Pogbahimovic' effort, with the only saving grace being that at least Pogba and Zlatan Ibrahimovic were on the same side at the time.
(Image: Rex Features)
Which is something that Messi and Ronaldo will surely never be, so stop doing this people.
Stop!
DETMOLD, Germany — April 24, 2018 — Tim Görder has been appointed Global Director of Solution Partner Support (SPS) at Jowat, effective 1 June. In their new position, Mr Görder will be responsible for coordinating the support provided to solution partners around the world. They aim to substantially expand the role of the SPS department as a central point of contact. Customers of Jowat will benefit from a superior service, thanks to the close cooperation with strong partners and optimally coordinated solutions.
On 1 June 2018, Tim Görder will take over as Global Director of Solution Partner Support. They succeed Manfred Kubo, who has headed the department since it was established two years ago and who will retire after over 17 years with the enterprise. Tim Görder has previously served six years as Product Manager for the Paper / Packaging division.
Solution Partner Support is a globally active department at Jowat, which coordinates the cooperation with and support provided to manufacturers of application technology, machines and substrates across industries and applications. In their new role, Tim Görder will look to increase the level of service as well as the network efficiency of the department with the help of a global team. In addition to serving as a central point of contact for solution partners, the department also facilitates the transfer of know-how. As a competent partner in all bonding-related questions, Jowat supplies not only adhesives for the development of processes and testing machines and application units but also provides know-how and trains machine operators. New ideas and trends are identified and developed together. This close cooperation makes it easy to react immediately to the requirements which may arise for the adhesive. In addition, all components – from the substrate to the adhesive – can be adapted optimally to each other. The result are jointly designed and implemented solutions for the problems in the bonding process.
“As the enterprise has grown globally, it has become increasingly important over time to coordinate Jowat's cooperation with solution partners,” says Klaus Kullmann, Managing Director of Sales and Marketing at Jowat SE. “We are happy that Tim Görder has agreed to take on the position of Global Director for this challenging task. Under their direction, Solution Partner Support will strengthen Jowat's international footprint.”
Posted April 24, 2018
Source: Jowat SE
How to make the perfect crumpets
Is Justin Trudeau the sexiest Prime Minster in po
The World of Pokémon GO has Expanded With the lat
How to win at Solitaire in 52 seconds
A New Way to Watch Videos From Facebook on Your TV
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The days of surreptitiously scrolling though your Facebook News Feed during a boring work meeting could soon be over.
The social network has started testing a new feature that will see videos playing with the sound enabled by default in some users' News Feeds.
Until now, videos in News Feed have played silently, meaning you have to tap on a video to hear the sound.
Facebook claims that enabling sound by default will make its video experience "richer, more engaging and more flexible".
(Photo: Facebook)
"As people watch more video on phones, they've come to expect sound when the volume on their device is turned on," said Facebook product manager Dana Sittler.
"After testing sound on in News Feed and hearing positive feedback, we're slowly bringing it to more people."
Facebook has announced several other features designed to improve its video experience, which accounts for much of the social network's recent growth.
It is now possible to preview vertical videos in News Feed on a mobile phone, and you can minimise the video you're watching to a picture-in-picture view that keeps playing in the corner of your screen as you browse other stories in News Feed.
Facebook has also announced a new video app for TV, which will roll out on Apple TV, Amazon Fire TV and Samsung Smart TV.
"Our video app for TV is a new way to enjoy Facebook videos on a bigger screen," the company said.
"With the app, you can watch videos shared by friends or Pages you follow, top live videos from around the world, and recommended videos based on your interests."
How to disable sound in videos
While videos auto-playing with sound may sound like a big improvement to some users, others are likely to find the prospect of their friends' videos blaring out on the bus rather alarming.
(Photo: Getty)
Luckily, it is possible to disable the new feature.
Firstly, if your phone is set to silent, Facebook will respect that, and videos will continue to play with the sound muted.
If you want to make sure videos never play with sound, here's what you need to do:
On an iOS device:
Tap the menu button, which looks like three stacked horizontal bars Scroll down and tap "Settings" Tap "Account Settings" Tap "Sounds" Turn off the switch that reads "Videos in News Feed Start With Sound"
On an Android device:
Tap the menu button Scroll down and tap settings Turn off the switch that reads "Videos in News Feed Start With Sound"
Note that the option to switch off this feature will only be available if it has already been enabled on your phone.
Expectations in Israel are high for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu as they hold their first post-inauguration meeting with President Trump at the White House on Wednesday. Netanyahu, who had a famously rocky relationship with former President Barack Obama, is expected to seek a public reset of U.S.-Israeli relations, plus commitment to a hard-line stance on Iran while trying to avoid any confrontation on Israeli settlements in Palestinian lands. Trump and Netanyahu will hold a joint press conference after their meeting.
Trump has been focusing on reaching a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians, and Jared Kushner, their son-in-law and Mideast peace envoy, will take part in Wednesday's meetings along with strategist Stephen Bannon. A White House official said Tuesday night that Trump won't insist on a two-state solution, though it's not clear if they will propose an alternative on Wednesday. "It's something the two sides have to agree to. It's not for us to impose that vision," the official said of the idea of side-by-side Palestinian and Israeli states. "A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not our goal."
The Obama administrations did not insist on a two-state solution so much as present it as the most viable route, The Washington Post notes, and Netanyahu's right flanks back home are increasingly opposed to Palestinian statehood. Trump reportedly plans to first try to reach a deal between Israel and Arab states, hoping those states can bring the fractured Palestinian territories on board.
Netanyahu's visit also comes amid the fallout of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's forced resignation on Monday night. It isn't clear how that will shape the Trump-Netanyahu meeting. Flynn's resignation "deprives Mr. Netanyahu of their strongest ally inside the White House for raising pressure on Iran," The New York Times says. "Flynn's absence is unlikely to affect the agenda or U.S. positions," The Washington Post counters. "His hawkish voice on Iran reflects Trump's views, and they were not expected to be a main player in any White House push for a peace agreement." Martin Indyk, Obama's special envoy for Mideast peace, sides with the Times: "On the one issue that Bibi wants to talk about, Iran, he's missing their wingman, General Flynn. Their wingman has just been shot down." Peter Weber
A warm front is lifting north into the region brought temperatures back into the 80s and dew points back into the 60s. The front will also bring a few thunderstorms later on this evening and tonight some of which could be strong. The full break down is below.
Tonight
Temperatures rose into the lower and middle 80s with dew points in the upper 60s making it feel muggy today. The temperatures this evening remain warm and humid with lows overnight only expected to dip into the upper 60s.
With all the heat and humidity around this evening our atmosphere is full of energy for thunderstorms to develop. We have seen thunderstorms since this morning and the chance exist all day long, but the best chances will be during the late evening hours and overnight. The storms we saw this afternoon were just a precursor to stronger storms we'll see tonight.
Thunderstorms tonight are also expected to be slow movers (similar to how they were this afternoon), which means locally heavy rainfall is likely with and showers that do arrive. Gusty winds and small hail are also possible as well. With these threats, the Storm Prediction Center has placed Mid-Michigan in a Marginal Risk (5%) for severe weather this evening and tonight.
A Marginal Risk suggests severe weather is not expected to be widespread, more of the exception and not the rule. As always, if any updates are issued on our severe weather chances or if any warnings are issued, you'll know about them on-air, online, and on social media.
The complex of storms currently working across late Michigan is slow moving and it will be about 8 PM before storms even begin to near Mid-Michigan. The bulk of the stronger activity will arrive closer to 10 PM for the Tri-Cities and points south near the I-69 corridor. From there the storms take their time. Rain and storms will be possible throughout the overnight time frame only coming to an end after Thursday's morning commute.
Thursday
Thunderstorms will remain in the picture as we head into the day tomorrow. Once the initial line of storms rolls through tonight we will see a short break from the rain late tomorrow morning. It will be short lived of course because the chance for thunderstorms will return Thursday afternoon.
Storms tomorrow are not expected to be strong or severe, but they could pack a punch with gusty winds and heavy rain.
Highs will be hot again in the middle to upper 80s. Humidity will also stick around making it feel muggy outside.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
By Scott Sullivan
Editor
A developer who hopes to build 23 homes around a 7-acre boat basin north of the Kalamazoo River channel to Lake Michigan needs to address 11 issues before the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality weighs giving the plan a go-ahead.
DEQ Kalamazoo District engineer John Bayha wrote applicant Jeff Padnos they may wish to seek an extension of the agency's Dec. 5 processing deadline in order to address issues outlined.
Cottage Home president Brian Bosgraaf, whose building and design firm is working with landowner Padnos on the project, said the concerns expressed were expected.
“We weren't blindsided,” Bosgraaf said. “In fact, our team is encouraged by the letter. We are grateful the DEQ is treating our requests with due diligence and care.”
The DEQ, says the letter, can extend the processing period by a full year from the date the July 17, 2017, application was submitted.
“We've already worked with agency on most of these issues,” said Bosgraaf, “and prepared the reports and documents they're requesting.
“Any extension request we might make would be on a shorter, more reasonable timeline than July 17,” they said.
Holland recycling business person Padnos in March bought 308 acres north of the river fronting Lake Michigan from the estate of the late Aubrey McClendon.
Their local land firm NorthShore of Saugatuck LLC plans to build about 40 homes of the parcel, 15 on sites fronting Lake Michigan and the west channel approved years ago for McClendon, and 23 more around the boat basin.
The 33-slip marina and homes around it would be on 95.67 acres, some occupied from 1836 to the 1870s by “lost” lumber village of Singapore. Then-landowner Frank Denison built a Broward Boat Works plant there in the 1970s, which McClendon razed.
“By building around a basin on land that's long been disturbed, we won't need to reclaim our investment elsewhere and can place 208.3 acres in a conservation easement,” Bosgraaf told The Commercial Record.
NorthShore's plan calls for spreading roughly 80,000 yards of the excavated sand along the Lake Michigan beach and stockpiling the remaining 161,750 yards elsewhere on the property. All would stay on site, Bosgraaf said.
The Saugatuck Township Planning Commission voted 4-1 Oct. 23 to grant final planned unit development and site condominium approvals allowing Northshore to build homes around the proposed boat basin contingent on the firm meeting 15 conditions.
Among them were North-Shore acquiring permits from the DEQ concerning the project's impact on critical dunes and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers vis-a-vis the basin's effect on navigable waterways. The latter agency has not yet held a public hearing on that matter.
The DEQ hearing Oct. 17 drew close to 150 people, only one — Tower Marine owner R.J. Peterson — who spoke in favor of the development.
Many of the 50-some public speakers who urged the state to deny the permits were members of the Saugatuck Dunes Coastal Alliance, formed in 2007 to contest what were then McClendon's proposed developments on the parcel.
Bayha's Dec. 1 letter echoed several of their concerns.
“The proposed marina basin,” said the DEQ official, “would convert approximately 7 acres of critical dune area to open water and the associated marina facility. This equates to approximately 2 percent of the entire critical dune area within Saugatuck Township. The area of the property would no longer function as a dune of any kind, and would not provide any habitat for the flora and fauna found in critical dunes.
“How will this affect the other remaining critical dune areas on the NorthShore property?” the letter asked. “How will the interdunal wetland areas on the property be protected long term?
“The interdunal wetland natural community type is classified as S2 in Michigan, meaning it is imperiled because of rarity due to very restricted range, very few occurrences, steep declines or other factors making it very vulnerable to extirpation in the state,” it continued.
The letter asks for a hydrogeological study that evaluates the potential impacts to the nearby interdunal wetlands as a result of the construction. “This review,” wrote Bayha, “should look into the potential for raising or lowering the surface and subsurface water levels in and directly adjacent to the interdunal wetlands. The effects of nearby proposed septic systems that will be required for each residence planned for the areas adjacent to the marina basin should also be considered.”
Claiming a 2005 assessment of whether there is soil or groundwater contamination from previous site use is insufficient, the Dec. 1 letter asks NorthShore to furnish “a comprehensive review to fully establish the risk of exacerbating any contamination that may be present to other areas of the property.”
The agency wants bird surveys covering the entire property, not just the proposed basin area, to address potential impacts to threatened and endangered bird species, specifically prairie warbler. It also asks for a fall migratory bird survey in addition to the late-spring review provided by the developer.
Bayha asks for a more-detailed plan showing how and where basin sand excavated would be placed outside the critical dune area, including information on how that filled area would be stabilized. As an alternative, the letter says, NorthShore could provide a plan to dispose of the sand on the south side of the river mouth.
The DEQ also seeks:
Documentation that details any restrictions to the 22 acres to be set aside as open space per the PUD approved by the township.
Information on future plans for the remainder of the NorthShore property.
Justification or alternative plans for the large amount of grading proposed for areas directly adjacent to the marina.
A revised revegetation plan, including any temporary stabilization-planting measures to ensure no non-native species are introduced to the area.
An update on archeological survey plans, and
To discuss other options to create boat mooring and additional river access that would minimize impacts to the critical dune area.
The request's status can be tracked online at https://miwaters.deq.state.mi.us/miwaters/.
TORONTO (AP) - The first victim publicly identified after a van plowed down a Toronto sidewalk and killed 10 people worked at an investment management firm and enjoyed sports and volunteering.
Anne Marie D'Amico, 30, worked at Invesco, which is near the scene of Monday's incident. Toronto City Councilor Cesar Palacio said D'Amico was a friend of their daughter, and they remember them as "a brilliant young girl" who was interested in improving society.
On Tuesday they spoke with their parents, who live in their ward. "You can imagine the nightmare, the living nightmare they're going through at this moment," they said.
D'Amico volunteered at a Canada-based international humanitarian charity called Live Different. They helped build houses in the Dominican Republic in 2015 and 2017, according to Dave Hamilton, the charity's manager of school partnerships. They remembered them as "super-positive, always smiling, a funny person, always up for a challenge, and really wanted to help people out."
D'Amico also volunteered with the nonprofit Tennis Canada association, working at the Rogers Cup tournament since the age of 12. They started out as a ball girl and worked their way up to be an "integral" part of the volunteer team, most recently leading a committee on stadium control, the association said. They were voted volunteer of the year in 2016.
"Anne Marie lived for working at Rogers Cup and seeing their fellow volunteers each summer," said Gavin Ziv, the association's vice president of professional events. "The tournament was such a large part of their life, and we were so lucky to have them on our team each summer."
A man accused of killing two people in two counties in southwestern Michigan has been sentenced to life in prison without parole for one of the crimes.
A Kalamazoo County judge sentenced 33-year-old Zachary Patten on Monday after they were convicted last month of the first-degree murder of Graciela Portillo-Esparza last July.
The mother of four was fatally shot after stepping between their brother and Patten, who were arguing.
A detective testified Patten admitted shooting Portillo-Esparza, but said they were aiming for their brother, Oscar Portillo, the ex-boyfriend of Patten's girlfriend.
Patten is also charged with murder in St. Joseph County. Police say they drove about 30 miles after killing Portillo-Esparza and shot their ex-wife's husband. A trial date for that case hasn't been set.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
WWE Rumor Mill: Possible Reason for teaming Dolph Ziggler and Drew McIntyre revealed
Shiven Sachdeva FOLLOW ANALYST News 2.53K // 04 Jul 2018, 18:55 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Dolph Ziggler and Drew McIntyre
What's the story?
Dave Meltzer of WON stated that they expect WWE to protect Drew McIntyre going forward, and that could be one of the reasons they were paired with Dolph Ziggler.
In case you didn't know
Drew McIntyre made their return to WWE when they joined NXT in 2017 after a 4-year long hiatus from the WWE following their release from the company.
McIntyre worked for PWG, Evolve and Impact Wrestling in the time they were away from the WWE, building their body of work and regaining lost credibility in the process.
The Scottish Superstar had been turned into a comedy character as part of the faction 3MB before they were let go by WWE in 2013.
McIntyre was able to capture the NXT Championship and was called on the main roster as part of a tag team along with Dolph Ziggler as part of this year's Superstar Shakeup.
The heart of the matter
Drew McIntyre was considered to be a future main eventer during their previous stint with WWE. Things, however, did not pan out in their favor and they were released in 2013.
McIntyre has been lucky enough to get a second chance and has made full use of this opportunity.
It is understandable that WWE wants to protect them in their current run as they have a great look and is immensely talented.
Teaming them with an established star like Dolph Ziggler will help establish them as a force to be reckoned with, and the inevitable feud with Ziggler will help propel them into the main event scene.
What's next?
Currently, Ziggler and McIntyre are involved in a feud with Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins and it is likely that McIntyre will be in Ziggler's corner in their IC Championship match against Seth Rollins at Extreme Rules.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
After sparking dating rumors nearly a year ago, Scarlett Johansson and Colin Jost made their official red carpet debut as a couple last night.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Attending the premiere of Johansson's upcoming film, Avengers: Infinity War, in Los Angeles, the two looked completely smitten while posing for photos. For their first red carpet together, the actor stunned in a sparkling metallic Erdem gown adorned with ornate silver beading. They paired the dress with a silver chain choker, polka-dot tights and black strappy heels.
Getty Images
The new couple couldn't keep their eyes off each other while walking hand-in-hand down the red carpet.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
Jost is best-known for their work as a writer and comedian on Saturday Night Live, where the two were first spotted together in May of 2017. The actor made a surprise appearance on SNL and was spotted getting cozy with Jost later that evening at the show's after party. The two have kept their relationship mostly under wraps and low-key since then.
Johansson did, however, talk about their relationship yesterday on The Ellen Show. During the show, DeGeneres showed the actor an embarrassing throwback picture of Jost before their time on SNL and things escalated from there...
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexandre Lacazette could be forgiven for being concerned at the arrival of £56million hitman Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang .
After all, the Frenchman was brought in at considerable expense last summer as Arsenal sought a solution to their striking woes.
But after an indifferent start to their career at the Emirates, Lacazette finds themselves with more competition up front.
Aubameyang arrives with a lethal reputation in front of goal and will surely be the No.1 choice in attack.
But Lacazzette has indicated to their new teammate that they will have to graft to usurp them from the side, reports Football.London .
On their official Instagram account, the 26-year-old sent a message to the Gunners' deadline day signing to salute the arrival of last season's top scorer in the Bundesliga with a caption that read: "WORK Welcome in the Team Aubameyang. Good to work with u bro."
They ended their updated with the hashtags "#PEA" and "#LACA" - a combination that Arsenal fans are hoping can become a deadly partnership in the weeks to come.
At the end of their time in Dortmund, many stories were written about Aubameyang regarding their apparently poor work rate, attitude and influence over the squad, although some advocates for the Gabonese forward have disputed the claims made in the press.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
The relationship between the player, their family and the German media deteriorated in their final months in the Bundesliga and it has been argued that the highly critical reports were a product of this breakdown in trust and respect.
However, as Lacazette makes clear in their Instagram post, their new rival for the striker role will need to prove they can put in the work to impress Wenger and dominate the front line if they have designs on being the lead striker at the Emirates.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
US DJ and music producer Diplo is the latest star to (attempt to) recreate one of Kim Kardashian's Yeezy 6 campaign looks.
Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Kim, 37, is regularly pictured wearing their husband's designs - sometimes changing into nine different Yeezy outfits a day.
And this week the pair invited social media influencers to recreate images of them dotted around Los Angeles sporting their hubby's latest collection.
Making sure they didn't miss out on the action, on Thursday Diplo decided to spoof the reality queen with a number of Yeezy-inspired pictures of their own.
(Image: Twitter/@diplo)
In one funny snap, the DJ is rocking a long platinum blonde wig as they stand topless in bushes.
A second sees them staring out into the distance as they pose in front of the Hollywood sign.
(Image: Twitter/@diplo)
(Image: Twitter/@diplo)
While a third snap shows them walking up the road - still with a coffee cup in hand.
The reality star loved it so much they retweeted their post and added three crying with laughter emojis.
Rob Kardashian, who recently returned to social media, also commented on the post with another set of similar emojis.
Kim promoted the campaign on their social media channels earlier this week and as well as a host of social media influencers featuring, their former BFF Paris Hilton also got in the act.
Paris adopted a silver blonde wig as they posed up in a variety of Yeezy outfits, emulating paparazzi pictures of Kim.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"So much fun being a #KimClone in the new #YeezySeason6 campaign," they wrote alongside a picture of them sucking on a lollipop while dressed in tan pants and boots with a blue-grey crop top.
And in another photo, Paris walks down the street in dark grey leggings, a crop top and jacket, doing their best Kim K impression.
Seven hundred people handle customer complaints and answer 95% of calls within the third ring, says Bigbasket. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
Bengaluru: Tech start-ups are typically founded by young entrepreneurs with more passion than experience. This is as true in India as it is in Silicon Valley. Then there's Bigbasket, whose founders are veterans of the dotcom bust and mostly north of 50. Drawing on their successes and failures, they've turned their six-year-old start-up into India's biggest e-grocer and are taking on a host of competitors, including Amazon and brick-and-mortar chains operated by the nation's biggest conglomerates.
Bengaluru-based Bigbasket delivers everyday cooking essentials like ghee (clarified butter), diced coconut and fragrant basmati rice, as well as 18,000 other items from bread to laundry detergent to eight million customers in 25 Indian cities. It's mostly targeting upwardly mobile young Indians keen to avoid traffic and the drudgery of supermarket runs. Last month, Bigbasket raised $300 million in an Alibaba-led round that valued the grocer at $950 million—just shy of unicorn status.
In a country where groceries account for half of the almost $1trillion retail market, Bigbasket is using knowledge learned the hard way during the dotcom era (don't expand too quickly or use discounts to acquire shoppers) and latter-day innovation (putting vending machines inside apartment buildings; building a supply chain of competitively priced organic produce).
“We want customers to get hooked, and make our service harder to replicate,” says Hari Menon, 56, co-founder and chief executive officer. He, along with V.S. Sudhakar (58), Vipul Parekh (53), Abhinay Choudhari (47) and V.S. Ramesh (62), founded Bigbasket parent Supermarket Grocery Supplies Pvt, in December 2011 in a nondescript building in Bangalore's humming Indiranagar neighbourhood.
Bigbasket's founders had their first brush with e-commerce back in 1999 when they started Fabmart.com to sell books, toys and groceries online. “Those were the dial-up days, there were no payment gateways, and the internet user base was more hype than reality,” recalls co-founder Sudhakar, standing in a Bigbasket warehouse where women shake soil from mounds of vegetables before packing them into ready-to-ship bundles. “Back then, it'd take 50 seconds for a page to download.”
It didn't take the men long to realize that the world—let alone India—wasn't quite ready for online shopping, and they pivoted to physical stores under the name Fabmall. They soon merged with a brick & mortar grocery chain before getting acquired by another conglomerate. By 2006, the founders had sold out and begun angel investing.
In 2011, they were approached to regroup for an online grocery. Plenty of people told them to stay away from perishable produce in a country so obsessed with freshness that shoppers surreptitiously break okra tips and sink their fingernails into cucumbers. The founders pressed on all the same.
But their timing was propitious: smartphones were proliferating, broadband was becoming affordable, and online payments were in place. Even so, when they pitched the concept, venture firms kept bringing up Webvan, the Bay Area e-grocer that famously flamed out in 2001. The founders revised their pitch to make clear that enough had changed to make the venture viable, and eventually persuaded private equity investor Ascent Capital to put up $10 million.
Delivering fresh food is challenging everywhere, but India presents steeper obstacles. The country lacks a cooling infrastructure—walk-in freezers, chill rooms, refrigerated trucks and so on. That precluded Bigbasket from buying produce directly from farms. So for the first year, every morning at 3:30, the founders visited a riotous wholesale fruits and vegetable market to buy produce, then picked up other items from a wholesaler. Eventually, Bigbasket put together its own refrigerated warehouses and a fleet of trucks. These moves let the company source the food more cheaply and eventually in 2016 led them to launch Express, a 90-minute delivery service for milk, eggs, bread and emergency supplies.
By investing in “the dysfunctional food and grocery supply chain,” says Arvind Singhal, chairperson of retail consultancy Technopak Advisors, “Bigbasket's managed to get a head start.”
Still, there was a lot of competition, including LocalBanya, Sequoia-backed PepperTap and SoftBank-funded Grofers. (Of them, only Grofers is still standing.) To stay ahead, Bigbasket needed to invest in technology: web-connected, temperature-controlled trucks, GPS-traceable vans, inventory-optimizing algorithms. “The days of experimenting were over,” says Parekh. “We needed to step on the pedal.” This all cost money and by then venture firms were more willing to invest. Starting in the fall of 2014, Bigbasket began mopping up capital—$35 million from Helion Venture Partners and Zodius Capital Advisors, $15 million from Bessemer Venture Partners, $150 million in a round led by Dubai-based Abraaj Group. By mid-2016, Bigbasket was in eight large Indian cities.
Then it was time to target smaller cities. To grab the attention of residents in burgs like Kanpur, Surat and Vijayawada, they recruited Bollywood star Shahrukh Khan as a spokesperson. In one TV commercial, Khan lets shocked delivery boys in through the back door. When asked if he's the one who orders the groceries, Khan lowers their voice conspiratorially and says, “That's my role in the house.” When they ask for their autograph, they say, “You'll be coming home every week from here on. We'll take a selfie next time.”
Along the way, Bigbasket has constantly had to adapt to local conditions. Originally the company wanted one person to drive the trucks and carry the orders into homes. But the delivery boys (they're mostly male) didn't want to be seen as drivers because they're considered lower status in class-conscious India. So they had to hire one person for each job—which turned out to be crucial because parking is scarce so the driver needs to circle the neighbourhood. They also need backup workers on standby because delivery people and packers have a tendency to take time off to celebrate local cultural events. “If there's a festival, 30 delivery guys take off to their village and return after four days,” Sudhakar says.
Attracting and keeping customers is a challenge for all e-commerce companies, and doubly so in India. Shopping habits vary widely from city to city and are deeply ingrained. So Bigbasket plies customers with samples: leafy greens in Mumbai, a rice called Sona Masoori in Bangalore. The company spent years figuring out how to achieve the ideal ripeness of bananas for its picky customers and devised exacting quality specifications for produce, including eight varieties of eggplant, and trained the sourcing team to meet them.
Customized software automatically guides drivers to their destinations, which the company says has helped it achieve a near-perfect on-time rate. Late deliveries earn customers a 10% discount. Missing items are refunded, plus 50% of whatever the item cost.
Seven hundred people handle customer complaints and answer 95% of calls within the third ring, Bigbasket says. Complaints range from missing items to delivery boys' hygiene. After getting one too many of these complaints, the founders mandated that their personnel wear clean shirts and open-toe sandals to suit the humid weather. “A Bigbasket person visits a household an average 50 times a year so being presentable was supreme,” Menon says.
Last year, the founders took stock of what they had achieved. Bigbasket was now in cities with a combined population of 150 million people, had good brand recall and was making money on each order. But, “we'd barely scratched the surface of the cities we were already in,” Menon says. “It was time to bring in a strategic partner.” After initial conversations with Amazon, Walmart and others, the founders zeroed in on Alibaba, which runs a large online grocery business in China and has built its own delivery operations.
They're now preparing for the next phase of growth by plowing money into warehousing and delivery systems in the 25 cities to bring down delivery times to three hours. In two years, the plan is to double the range of products to 60,000 SKUs, and more than double the farmer base to 5,000, expand private label items and use Alibaba's muscle to source and import a range of merchandise to six times that of large-format supermarkets. “A customer should be able to buy whatever they want,” Menon says.
Even as Amazon and local rival Flipkart push into groceries, Bigbasket's founders profess equanimity. Grocery is different from electronics or fashion and they're confident that strength in one category doesn't necessarily translate to another.Bigbasket is growing quickly and aims to double sales each year to hit $2 billion by 2020 to take the third spot in Indian retail. “They've just gone past 100 meters in a 42-kilometer marathon,” said Vishal Gupta, managing director of early investor Bessemer. “They have to hit the top spot and keep on running.” Bloomberg
It may be rivalry week, but a special halftime performance will bring the University of Michigan and Michigan State University marching bands together this weekend.
The University of Michigan March Band said in a Facebook post Wednesday they will be collaboration with the Spartans marching band team for a special halftime performance called “State of Michigan.”
While the band didn't give many more details about the performance, they did post a graphic of the Upper and Lower Peninsulas of Michigan on an apparent football field.
The two football teams will compete under the lights of the Big House in Ann Arbor on Saturday. The winning team takes home the Paul Bunyan Trophy.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Long Island Rail Road's third track project took a major step forward Monday as the MTA's LIRR committee approved a $1.8 billion contract to build the Main Line expansion.
Monday's approval advanced the pact to the full Metropolitan Transportation Authority Board for a vote Wednesday, and it is expected to pass. LIRR President Patrick Nowakowski described the extra track as a “milestone project” that would greatly improve railroad service.
“It is critical to the Long Island Rail Road,” said Nowakowski at the committee meeting in Manhattan. “We run so many trains through that corridor that any time we have a hiccup in service, it's a severe hiccup that affects many trains, not just one or two.”
The MTA has awarded the design-build contract to a joint venture known as 3rd Track Constructors, which would be responsible for building 9.8 miles of a third track between Floral Park and Hicksville. It would also deliver several related projects, including the construction of up to five parking garages and retaining walls, improvements to rail bridges and the removal of seven street-level train crossings, where there have been 24 deaths since 1980 and more than 100 vehicles strikes in 2015.
Work on the third track is scheduled to begin next year, and become operational by late 2022 at total cost of $2.6 billion. While the project has faced resistance from neighborhoods that are to be impacted by construction of the track, the MTA argues that the transformative work will expand capacity, improve reliability and increase safety on the LIRR.
There was also controversy over funding of the project, which came through an amendment to the MTA's $32 billion capital plan, adding more than $1 billion in debt.
However, the project ‘‘adds flexibility and reliability because if something happens, you have a third track to deal with it,” said William Henderson, executive director of the Permanent Citizens Advisory Committee to the MTA. “Probably most important in the long term is that it allows you to run two-way service.”
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Henderson said such service could have a substantial impact on Long Island's economy and boost the potential of the ongoing East Side Access megaproject, which will link the LIRR to a new terminal under Grand Central Terminal.
“It opens up a whole new labor market for Long Island employers,” Henderson said of the third track. “People that want to [live] on Long Island might have to draw from a wide area and that can be a hard sell for somebody in Queens and Brooklyn. We still have a ways to go [but] . . . this makes things a lot easier for somebody to get out to their job in Long Island.”
More than 250 trains travel over the segment of Main Line track on a typical weekday, serving about 40 percent of LIRR commuters.
Janno Lieber, MTA chief development officer, said the project will have a ripple effect that benefits all riders on every LIRR branch, adding that “extensive environmental and community” elements of the construction plan helped earn “tremendous support” for the expansion.
“With just two tracks, there's a huge problem of congestion in this corridor,” Leiber said.
The world's biggest bond market may have finally broken out of its tight 2017 trading range, but it's not exactly drawing a clear roadmap for traders of the moves ahead.
Rather than gaining more insight into the plight of the global reflation bet, traders were left reacting to geopolitical risks from North Korea to Russia (not to mention a huge bomb dropped in Afghanistan just before holiday-shortened trading ended). They also heard President Donald Trump jawboning the dollar lower and declaring they like low interest rates now that he's in the Oval Office. Those factors seem unlikely to disappear in the weeks ahead.
That leaves the benchmark 10-year U.S. yield at 2.24%, near the lowest this year, and the dollar about the weakest versus the yen since November, heading into a relatively quiet week for economic data. Rather than overreact to something like housing starts, traders and strategists are keying in on technical market levels to gauge the sustainability of the latest move.
“North Korea and Syria were the straw that broke the camel's back, but now we have a new range,” said Glen Capelo, a trader at Mischler Financial. They peg it at about 2.05% to 2.4% for the 10-year yield, after it'd been stuck between 2.3% and 2.65%.
For bond bears, “we're not going to know anything for a while,” on the timing of Trump's fiscal-policy agenda, Capelo said. “The onus now is that the hard data has to turn higher.”
In the meantime, Wall Street strategists are chiming in with their own levels to watch in the trading days ahead.
For the rally to continue, the 10-year yield has to fall below 2.15%, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co. technical analysts Jason Hunter and Alix Tepper. If it does, the yield could plunge all the way back to 1.88%. It'll meet resistance at the 2.34% level on the way up, they said in a note.
Even though technicals back a further rally, targeting the 50% retracement of the Trumponomics sell-off at 2.177%, Ian Lyngen and Aaron Kohli at BMO Capital Markets say they aren't buying it.
“While we'd like to lean more bullishly on the market, the severity of the move coupled with the spike in short-dated implied volatility has us viewing a sideways grinding consolidation as the path of the least resistance,” they wrote in a note Friday.
The dollar, for its part, is hovering around its 200-day moving average and its 12-month average closing price, 108.79 and 108.40 yen respectively. A drop in yields could compromise both levels and drag the dollar to as low as 103.33, the first standard deviation from the mean 12-month closing price. Such a fall would align with a roughly 2% 10-year yield.
A decline of that magnitude in the 10-year yield before the end of June would surprise even the most bullish of the 58 analysts surveyed by Bloomberg as of April 13.
As usual, Steven Major at HSBC Holdings is tied for the lowest estimate — 2.2% — when the current quarter comes to an end. He's maintaining a decline to 1.6% by year-end.
Sounds outlandish? Sounds plausible? Well, traders, yields have broken free. Place your bets.
Bloomberg News
Neighbors gathered Wednesday to build a wheelchair ramp for a Carpentersville man who recently lost both legs.Henry Owens was parasailing during a family trip to Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, when their legs got caught in a boat propeller.His wife, Melloney, and their sons pulled Owens from the water only to find their left leg had been cut off and their right leg was badly mangled.Owens was placed in a medically-induced coma for two days. Both their legs were amputated above the knee. They will eventually be fitted with prosthetics.Owens was transferred to Lutheran General in Park Ridge so they can rehabilitate closer to their Carpentersville home, but that home needed extensive remodeling to suit their new needs.Community members began that process Wednesday by working on a wheelchair ramp to the Owens' front door. The group said although they had to stop early because of the heat, they have an inspector coming to approve the ramp Thursday.The family has set up a GoFundMe page for donations to help them with expenses associated with the double amputation.
Firefighters Lose Ground On Largest Of California Fires
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mike Eliason/AP Mike Eliason/AP
The largest and most destructive of the wildfires in California continued to burn its way up the coast on Sunday, becoming the fifth-largest in the state's history and sparking new evacuations in towns as far north as Santa Barbara.
By late Sunday afternoon, the Thomas Fire had destroyed 790 homes and other structures and left 90,000 homes and businesses without electricity. It has grown to about 230,000 acres – or 360 square miles. The fire is spreading so rapidly that containment on Sunday was downgraded from 15 percent to just 10 percent.
More than 4,000 firefighters were engaged in the effort to contain the flames. Although the Thomas Fire is still raging, most of the smaller fires are being gradually brought under control, officials said.
Jonathan Bastian of member station KCRW says that strong and unpredictable winds have kept fire crews scrambling to stay ahead of the Thomas Fire. Crews were using water-dropping planes and helicopters to battle the fires.
"The air quality remains so bad that schools and colleges have canceled classes," Jonathan reports. "In downtown Santa Barbara, a layer of white ash has descended over a city famous for its pristine beaches."
Chris Harvey of Cal Fire, says they are hopeful that the high winds could die down soon, giving firefighters the upper hand.
"They're expected to die down a little bit moving into Tuesday and Wednesday," they say. "So, we're hoping for a break from the wind."
Sunday brought mandatory evacuations for the Central Coast areas of Carpinteria, Summerland, Montecito and Santa Barbara – some of which have not been affected by wildfires in decades.
The biggest concern is for Carpinteria, where the fire was moving west above the city in an area of very dry vegetation that hasn't burned in about 100 years, Steve Swindle, a spokesperson for the Ventura County Fire Department was quoted by The Los Angeles Times as saying.
The Associated Press reports that officials "handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe."
"This is a menacing fire, certainly, but we have a lot of people working very diligently to bring it under control," Santa Barbara County Sheriff Bill Brown told an evening news conference, according to Reuters.
About 5,000 residents were under evacuation orders in the area and 15,000 homes were threatened.
KPCC reports that University of California, Santa Barbara, announced Sunday afternoon that it would postpone final exams due to the fires.
In an email to students from Chancellor Henry T. Yang, they said the campus would remain open, but they encouraged all students who want to leave to do so.
Gov. Jerry Brown warned on Saturday that the long-running drought in California that has quite literally added fuel to the fire, had extended fire season.
"This is the new normal," Brown said as they surveyed damage from the Thomas Fire. "We're about ready to have firefighting at Christmas. This is very odd and unusual."
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Nonprofit Working To Block Drug Imports Has Ties To Pharma Lobby
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bill Diodato/Getty Images Bill Diodato/Getty Images
A nonprofit organization that has orchestrated a wide-reaching campaign against foreign drug imports has deep ties to the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, or PhRMA, the powerful lobbying group that includes Eli Lilly, Pfizer and Bayer.
The nonprofit, called the Partnership for Safe Medicines, has recently emerged as a leading voice against Senate bills that would allow drugs to be imported from Canada.
Both the lobbying group and the nonprofit partnership have gone to great lengths to show that drugmakers are not driving what they describe as a grass-roots effort to fight imports, including an expensive advertising blitz and an event last week that featured high-profile former FBI officials and a former Food and Drug Administration commissioner.
However, a Kaiser Health News analysis of groups involved in the partnership shows more than one-third have received PhRMA funding or are local chapters of groups that have received PhRMA funding, according to PhRMA tax disclosures from 2013 to 2015.
Forty-seven of the organizations listed in the ads appear to be advocacy organizations that received no money from PhRMA in those years.
A PhRMA senior vice president, Scott LaGanga, previously led the Partnership for Safe Medicines for 10 years. At PhRMA, LaGanga was responsible for the lobbying group's alliances with patient advocacy groups, and they were simultaneously listed as the executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines on each of that group's annual tax filings since 2007, the earliest year for which they are available from ProPublica's Nonprofit Explorer.
LaGanga wrote a 2011 article about the partnership's origins. Published in the Journal of Commercial Biotechnology, it described "public-private partnerships in addressing counterfeit medicines." Their PhRMA job was not disclosed in the article.
From 2010 to 2014, the organization hosted a conference called the Partnership for Safe Medicines Interchange. In a video from a 2013 event, LaGanga thanks pharmaceutical companies, most of them PhRMA members, for sponsoring the event.
In February, LaGanga moved to a senior role at PhRMA and stepped down as executive director of the Partnership for Safe Medicines, just as the group's campaign to stop import legislation was revving up.
The partnership's new executive director, Shabbir Safdar, said LaGanga resigned from the group to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest.
"That's why Scott's not executive director anymore," they said. PhRMA declined to make LaGanga available for an interview.
Considering Legislation
The Senate push to allow Americans to buy pharmaceuticals from Canada comes as more patients balk at filling prescriptions because of soaring drug prices. Prescription medicines purchased in the U.S. can run three times what they cost in Canada, data from the company PharmacyChecker.com show.
In 2016, about 19 million Americans purchased pharmaceuticals illegally from foreign sources through online pharmacies or while traveling, according to a Kaiser Family Foundation poll. Many survey respondents cited pricing disparities as the reason.
A bill cosponsored by Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) would provide a mechanism for Canadian drug manufacturers to sell to U.S. consumers and pharmacies. Sanders introduced the bill in February. In January, Sens. John McCain (R-Ariz.) and Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.) also introduced a bill to allow drug imports from Canada.
In the House, Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) introduced a similar bill to Sanders', along with 23 other Democrats.
The U.S. drug industry has strongly opposed efforts to open the borders to drug imports, but the PhRMA lobbying group is not mentioned in the nonprofit partnership's recent advertising blitz against the proposed legislation. The nonprofit says its grass-roots effort is supported by 170 members, including professional organizations and trade groups.
The nonprofit describes PhRMA as a dues-paying member with no larger role in shaping the group's activities. Partnership spokesperson Clare Krusing would not say how much each member contributes. PhRMA spokesperson Allyson Funk declined to say whether PhRMA funds the partnership.
"PhRMA engages with stakeholders across the health care system to hear their perspectives and priorities," Funk said. "We work with many organizations with which we have both agreements and disagreements on public policy issues, and believe engagement and dialogue are critical."
Campaigning Against Drug Imports
The partnership recently launched its ad campaign, warning against the alleged dangers of legalizing Canadian drug imports. It includes television commercials, promoted search results on Google and a full-page print ad in The Washington Post and The Hill. The group's YouTube page shows recent commercials targeted to viewers in 13 states.
"We don't disclose specific ad figures, but the campaign is in the high six figures," Safdar said.
The commercials ask voters to urge their senators to "oppose dangerous drug importation legislation."
The newspaper ad reads, "Keep the nation's prescription drug supply safe. Urge the Senate to reject drug importation measures." Its headline declares that "170 healthcare advocacy groups oppose drug importation," noting a letter to Congress signed by its members. The ad lists 160 members who signed the letter, and PhRMA's name is not included.
"Having a big membership allows the coalition to present what looks like a unified show of grass-roots support ... but it does raise questions about which members of the coalition are really driving and funding the group's policy-making," said Matthew McCoy, a postdoctoral fellow at the University of Pennsylvania who studies patient advocacy groups.
The list of groups includes at least 64 trade organizations representing the biomedical industry, professional associations representing pharmacists, a private research company and two insurance companies.
One group that signed the letter, the "Citrus Council, National Kidney Foundation of Florida Inc.," represents a single volunteer, according to an email from the group. A spokesperson for the National Kidney Foundation of Florida said the volunteer's views contradict the position of the umbrella group, and said the foundation supports "any sort of drug importation that allows our patients to have access to drugs at the best price."
Two of the hepatitis patients' advocacy groups that were listed, the National Association of Hepatitis Task Forces and the California Hepatitis C Task Force, are run by the same person, Bill Remak. Remak said the groups receive small amounts of PhRMA funding.
"I don't enjoy having to take this extreme position of saying we shouldn't import at all, but until we have some oversight regime, some way of protecting consumers, it's a really tough call," they said.
"Current drug importation proposals do not appear to have equal safety and chain-of-custody accountability laid out adequately for patient safety concerns," said William Arnold, president of the Community Access National Network, which is also listed in the ad and is an advocacy and support group for people living with HIV/AIDS or hepatitis in Washington, D.C. Their group did not accept money from PhRMA between 2013 to 2015, the Kaiser Health News analysis found.
Concerns About Safety And Price
Last week, the partnership hosted a panel at the National Press Club featuring former FBI director Louis Freeh and former FDA commissioner Dr. Andrew von Eschenbach. The discussion focused on the alleged health and legal dangers of online pharmacies.
"You can talk about lowering prices, but if a drug comes with a high probability of toxicity and death, that comes at a high cost to the patient," von Eschenbach said. "That's what's at issue with drug importation."
Each speaker argued that the bill co-sponsored by Sanders would be harmful to patients. Around the same time that bill was introduced, the partnership also sent emails to member organizations seeking help to stop such a measure.
Speakers at the partnership event claimed importation would lead to a flood of counterfeit medicines laced with arsenic, fentanyl and lead paint.
"These drugs are manufactured in jungles, in tin drums, in basements. ... Those are the sort of sanitary conditions we're talking about here," said George Karavetsos, a former director of the FDA's Office of Criminal Investigations.
Both von Eschenbach and Karavetsos have ties to the pharmaceutical industry. Von Eschenbach left the FDA in 2009 to join Greenleaf Health, which counsels pharmaceutical clients, before starting their own consulting company, and Karavetsos counsels pharmaceutical clients at DLA Piper, a Washington, D.C., law firm.
In an interview, Josh Miller-Lewis, Sanders' deputy director of communications, refuted Karavetsos' arguments. They said Canadian drugmakers can apply for licenses, and all drugs would have to come from FDA-inspected plants.
Politico reported in October that PhRMA is bolstering its war chest by another $100 million per year, suggesting to many industry analysts that drugmakers are gearing up for a ferocious fight.
"I think it's safe to say pharmaceutical corporations are prepared to spend some fraction of their multibillion-dollar profits to fight drug importation and any other policy that might end the plague of overpriced medicine," said Rick Claypool, research director for Public Citizen, a watchdog group critical of the drug industry.
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent newsroom that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation.
A home on Alder St. and Marina Blvd. in Campbell River went up in flames this morning. Photo by Dustin Abernethy
One person was unable to escape the house fire in the 900 block of S. Alder St. this morning.
“Initially the fire was showing from both sides of the house extensively, we weren't able to make entry for quite awhile,” said Ian Baikie, fire chief.
Fire crews responded to multiple 911 calls at 6 a.m. this morning. They arrived at the scene to find the two-storey building engulfed at the front as well as the back.
Baikie said the 18 firefighters fought defensively for a time before they were able to enter the building to do a search. They worked with the coroner service to remove the person who had died.
One person escaped the house and Baikie said there were no other injuries.
At 11:30 a.m. a crew was still on scene putting out small fires and “doing an overhaul” Baikie said.
“The RCMP and the fire department will conduct and investigation, we are hoping to do that tomorrow,” they added.
@CRmirror_JDoll
jocelyn.doll@campbellrivermirror.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
The best Christmas jumpers for 2017 - including everything from high street to geek sweaters
Christmas jumpers seem to get more popular every year. There are hundreds of different patterns and styles, so much so that it's hard to keep up with the latest trends. To make it easier, here's our list including some of the best we've seen for 2017. There will no doubt be new Christmas jumpers coming out over the next couple of months, so be sure to check back as we update the page.
(Image: http://www.mandco.com/) 1 of 26 (Image: Burton Menswear) 2 of 26 (Image: very.co.uk) 3 of 26 (Image: Fatface) 4 of 26 (Image: Amazon) 5 of 26 (Image: Notonthehighstreet) 6 of 26 (Image: Asda - George) 7 of 26 (Image: https://www.zalando.co.uk) 8 of 26 (Image: https://www.johnlewis.com) 9 of 26 (Image: https://store.nintendo.co.uk) 10 of 26 11 of 26 (Image: https://www.notonthehighstreet.com) 12 of 26 13 of 26 14 of 26 15 of 26 (Image: https://www.iwantoneofthose.com) 16 of 26 (Image: https://www.houseoffraser.co.uk) 17 of 26 (Image: https://jollychristmasjumper.com) 18 of 26 (Image: http://www.poppyshop.org.uk/) 19 of 26 (Image: https://www.amazon.co.uk) 20 of 26 (Image: https://www.amazon.co.uk) 21 of 26 (Image: www.nhmshop.co.uk) 22 of 26 (Image: https://www.yellowbulldog.co.uk) 23 of 26 (Image: http://www.boohoo.com/) 24 of 26 (Image: Asda) 25 of 26 26 of 26
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
FARGO, N.D. — Here, they want everyone to remember Carson Wentz.
Here, in the state where Wentz grew up and in the town where they played college football for North Dakota State, they want Philadelphia, in particular, to remember the Eagles would not be in Super Bowl LII, preparing to play the New England Patriots on Sunday, without him.
They want everyone to remember Wentz's team-record 33 touchdown passes.
And the 11 Eagles victories in their 13 games this season.
And the scuttlebutt that Wentz would be the NFL's Most Valuable Player.
And the supportive hand they have lent to Nick Foles.
And their AO1 Foundation.
And their breath-catching escape acts on that Monday night game against the Redskins.
And the green bracelet that they wore to honor the memory and courage of an 8-year-old boy from Delaware, Lukas Custers, whose nickname was “The Dutch Destroyer” and who died of cancer last year.
And all the other moments of greatness and grace that the mind might jettison like ballast now that Wentz's left anterior cruciate ligament is torn and they are a spectator on the sideline and, somehow, the Eagles are still in position to win a championship.
It's not that people here believe Wentz has been forgotten over these last several weeks, as Foles has shepherded the Eagles to four victories in five games, including two in the NFC playoffs.
It's that the circumstances of the Eagles' appearance in this Super Bowl — in Minneapolis, just 235 miles to the southeast — are so strange and a little sad for them. The notion the Eagles would be here and that Wentz would “not be starting for them at quarterback, or playing in the game at all, was a concept too incongruous to contemplate before Dec. 10, when Wentz took a hit as they dived toward the end zone in a game against the Los
Angeles Rams, stood up gingerly, threw a touchdown pass two plays later, and never returned to the field.
“Everyone in the state watched every snap they took,” North Dakota Gov. Doug Burgum said in a phone interview, “and when the play happened everyone held their breath. And then there was shock and hurt and disbelief.”
There's no modern approximation for the pride Wentz has inspired among those who know them well, met them once or twice, or watched them from afar. At another, earlier time, when it came to embodying the humility and work ethic North Dakotans say they prize so much, the local lodestar was former Yankees and Cardinals great Roger Maris, who grew up in Fargo and whose grave, after they died in 1985, became a kind of sacred tourist attraction here. Now, it's Wentz, and there isn't a close second.
“It's not a very big state,” said Jeff Kolpack, who covers North Dakota State's sports programs for The Forum of Fargo-Moorhead. “So you're not going to have heroes every decade.”
To appreciate the affection for Wentz and the disappointment over their inability to play Sunday, one needs only to make the 3½-to-4-hour drive here from Minneapolis. On Tuesday morning, that drive — tracing an upward hypotenuse as you headed west on I-94 — was a numbing ride through incredible cold toward a vast grayness above the horizon, past exit signs for Elbow Lake and Fergus Falls and Otter Tail County and the Middle Spunk Rest Area, past acres of brown soil and dull tans and greens and leafless trees with branches like twisted fork prongs. There wasn't a single bird in the sky.
The NFL's best young quarterback came out of this? No wonder people here treat North Dakota State's football program as if it were a professional sports franchise — the Bison have won the NCAA's Football Championship Subdivision national title five of the last six years — and regard Wentz as if they were something more than a mere man. “There's nothing else here,” Kolpack said.
Wentz returns to Fargo once or twice each year. They often visit The Horn and Herd, a pub near campus, where they can shoot pool or throw darts in the game room and be one of the guys again, secure in the knowledge that Brent Tehven, the restaurant's general manager and one of its owners, will do whatever possible to preserve their privacy.
“We try to leave them alone as much as they can,” Tehven said, “so they come back.”
Tehven, 36, was born just outside Fargo, on a 1,500-acre farm where their family grew grain, soybeans, and corn.
“Around here, that's kind of a hobby farm,” said Tehven, whose father worked full-time at a bank. They don't put bison burgers on the pub's menu because “you don't eat the mascot.”
That Wentz returns to Fargo at all is an indication, Tehven said, of their character — that they have pride in their home state, that they haven't grown haughty or self-superior and never will, that “this isn't a Podunk town with no cell phones and no indoor plumbing. It's just like anywhere else.”
Their excellence this season did not turn everyone here into Eagles fans. Eighty percent of NFL fans in North Dakota, Burgum estimated, root for the Eagles' opponent in this year's NFC championship game, the Minnesota Vikings, and resentment lingers over the inappropriate treatment some of those fans endured last week at Lincoln Financial Field. One resident wrote a letter to the editor to The Forum, arguing Wentz should have admonished Eagles fans for their actions in the hopes that they would change their behavior. (Kolpack responded with a blog post headlined: “Carson Wentz is not God.”)
Jenny Linker, an assistant professor in the NDSU department of health, nutrition and exercise science who taught Wentz in each of their four years at the school, described a kind of unspoken “quid pro quo between Philadelphia and Fargo, as if Eagles fans agreed to a bargain then didn't hold up their end of it.
“It's like, hey, we just gave you one of our own,” Linker said, “and we have folks down there who are visiting your city and would like to have been treated better.”
In that context, people here don't view Wentz's injury as a calamity that threatened to destroy the Eagles' Super Bowl aspirations. They view it as a disheartening jolt of reality, a bad break for the best among them and, in turn, a bad break for them. In Wentz's senior season with the Bison, they missed eight games with a broken wrist, only to return in the national championship game and lead North Dakota State to victory.
“I understood that wasn't going to happen with this injury,” said Bison head coach Chris Klieman, who watched the Eagles-Rams game in their office during a break from analyzing game film. “It was a pretty somber day the next day, among the guys who knew them well.”
Their absence from the Super Bowl is a missed opportunity for them to represent the region on the greatest and grandest of stages.
At the Moorhead location of Scheels, a sporting goods store chain with whom Wentz struck one of their first endorsement deals, the only Eagles apparel was Wentz apparel: Wentz jerseys, Wentz plaques, Wentz footballs. Those who live here hurt for him, not necessarily for the Eagles.
“I'm really not sure how to feel,” said Jay Bartley, an insurance agent and a booster of the NDSU football program. “I really respect what Foles has done, but I also want the city to respect how they got to that level.”
A western Massachusetts native with undergraduate degrees from UMass and Westfield State College, Linker is a good example of this compartmentalization.  They are an enthusiastic football fan, especially of one team. They have a Patriots calendar hanging on their office wall, and they keep it open to a peculiar month, September 2014, for a particular reason: Above the chessboard grid of dates is a perfect photo of Tom Brady, their eyes downfield, their arm cocked.
Since the second week of the NFL season, they said, their students have asked them who they would root for if both the Patriots and the Eagles reached the Super Bowl.
“My response was, ‘Obviously, the Patriots. I've been with them all my life. I've been with Tom Brady for 17 years. He's been my secret boyfriend that whole time,” they said. “I love Carson to death and would be cheering for him, but I would want the Patriots to outperform the Eagles. I think people are learning to cheer for ... is it ‘Foles?' ”
It is, and perhaps those who revere Wentz are still coming to terms with the still-surprising truth the Eagles' season didn't fall apart without him. Just after noon Tuesday, The Herd and Horns filled up with a weekday lunchtime crowd. Three former NDSU football players sat at the bar, plates of food in front of them. Faculty members eat at the restaurant often, and two middle-aged men in tweed jackets enjoyed a meal in a private room. Locals and students chomped on burgers (all-beef, of course).
A dozen televisions were positioned around the pub, above the bar and high on the walls, and each of them was tuned to the NFL Network, which showed a 30-second string of highlights from the 2017 season. There was Brady, beating the Houston Texans with a last-second touchdown pass. There was Todd Gurley, the Rams' gifted tailback, a blur streaking into the end zone. There was spectacular play after spectacular play. And there was Carson Wentz, once, twice, a third time, throwing, running, slapping a teammate's hand.
No one in the place looked up at any of the televisions. It had been a chance, quick and fleeting, to watch Carson Wentz play football again, to remember what they had done to help the Eagles reach the Super Bowl, and none of them had taken it.
Unions And Their Complicated Relationship With President Trump
Union leaders may not like President Trump's pick for labor secretary, but they do like the way they have gone after companies for sending jobs overseas and their criticism on NAFTA and other trade deals.
Thank you dinner for volunteers a chance to look back at store's growth
Volunteers serve themselves dinner at the celebration for the United church thrift store's 25th anniversary on Sunday, May 27. (Jim Elliot/Eagle Valley News)
It's one of the busiest businesses in Sicamous and all the proceeds go to a good cause. The Sicamous United Church Thrift Store is celebrating 25 years in business and, as they couldn't operate without volunteers, they marked the quarter-century milestone with a volunteer thank-you dinner.
Fred Duck, who was the United Church's Minister for 13 years, began the evening with a toast to the volunteers. They asked how many people present had been volunteering for all 25 years, six or seven hands went up; when they followed up the question by asking who had fun while working at the shop almost every hand in the room was raised.
Duck recalled everything from the special service they gave to celebrate the opening of the store to helping hand-make the original store fixtures out of plywood. They said the store cost $50,000 to build, a significant amount of money in the early 1990s.
According to Duck, in its first year of operation the store brought in $11,450 – a fraction of what it does now.
“It's quite a wonderful institution,” they said.
Duck said the surprisingly-busy little store attached to the back of the United Church on the Trans-Canada Highway frontage road brings in 60 to 100 people per day.
Sitting next to the former minister at the volunteer supper was Alice Duck, who has been volunteering at the store since it opened. Alice said the strangest item to ever come through the store while they were working was some lingerie.
“We wondered who in town had been wearing it,” they said, “If you can imagine it, it's come through the shop.”
“It's my way of getting out and seeing a bunch of people,” said Darlene Kimmie, who said they get along very well with the people on their shift.
Kimmie said the variety of things they have seen come through the thrift store in their four years of volunteering continues to surprise them and makes the store a bargain hunter's dream.
“We have seen everything from dirty underwear to fur coats get dropped off,” Kimmie said, laughing.
Volunteer Helen Pearson referred to the thrift shop as Sicamous' general store, on account of the variety of goods that sit on its shelves and the sometimes very specific items customers come in search of.
Bernice Hyam, who was by all accounts instrumental in getting the store started 25 years ago, said they have watched it grow from a handful of volunteers to over 60.
They added the amount of inventory coming in is overwhelming at times, but the volunteers work very hard to get it sorted shelved and sold in order to raise money for the numerous charitable causes the thrift store supports.
The beneficiaries of the thrift store's charitable funds include: the Eagle Valley Community Support Society, a street mission in Vancouver and the women's shelter in Salmon Arm. The store also furnishes scholarships for graduating from high school students and also takes on students over the summer as a work experience opportunity.
Although the number of volunteers and the sums going to charities are rising, Hyam said the store's overhead costs are also going up.
They said basic operating costs total around $200 per day and the store spends around $10,000 per year disposing of unsaleable items.
Hyam said above all the thrift store volunteers cooperate and care about each other.
“They're wonderful people really,” they said of their fellow volunteers.
DOCUMENT 00 11 13
ADVERTISEMENT FOR BIDS
Sealed bids in duplicate will be received by
RUSH CITY PUBLIC SCHOOLS
for 2017 Pavement Seal Coating at CE Jacobsen Elementary School and Rush City High School until 1:15 PM, March 7, 2017 at which time they will be publicly opened and read aloud. Bidders are invited to attend. Bids received after this time will be returned unopened.
Bids shall be upon form provided in the Bidding Documents. Envelopes containing bids must be sealed and marked 2017 Pavement Seal Coating, with the name and address of the bidder, and the date and hour of the opening. Bids shall be delivered to:
Jeanne Korf
Rush City Public Schools
51001 Fairfield Avenue
Rush City, MN 55069
The complete form shall be without alterations, additions, or erasures. All bids shall be on a lump sum basis. The Owner reserves the right to reject any or all bids and to waive any irregularities in bids.
Direct communications regarding this Project to Mike Remington, Inspec, telephone 763-546-3434; [email protected]
Bidding Documents are available for a fee via digital download at www.questcdn.com or www.inspec.com. Contact QuestCDN.com at 952-233-1632 or [email protected] for assistance in free membership registration, downloading, and working with this digital project information. Paper copies of Bidding Documents can be ordered by contacting Northstar Imaging Services, Inc., 651-686-0477, for a non-refundable fee plus shipping and handling. Plan Holders are parties that have downloaded the plans and specifications. Plan holders will be notified via email as addenda are issued.
Copies of the Bidding Documents will be on file and available for inspection at Inspec, 5801 Duluth Street, Golden Valley, Minnesota 55422.
Each bidder shall accompany the Bid Form with Bid Security and the Responsible Contractors Affidavit as described in the Instructions to Bidders.
Bid result information may be viewed at www.questcdn.com or www.inspec.com
A pre-bid conference will be held at 1:30 PM, February 27, 2017 at Door 1 of CE Jacobson Elementary School.
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 22, 2017
653105
There's nothing like a new baby in the family to make a person pay attention to the state of the world.
As godfather to my recently baptized niece, the #MeToo campaign is especially grabbing my attention these days.
My greatest hope for the movement is that baby girls born today will not have to navigate a world of men who are predatory or indifferent.
There's also nothing like a new baby in the family to make a person more sensitive to the suffering of those who have lost their children. During a recent public lecture at Wilfrid Laurier University, I listened to Beverley Jacobs, an Indigenous lawyer and activist, recount the toll of missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls across Canada. And I was finally struck by the indifference their families have suffered.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jurgen Klopp admits it would have taken "crazy money" for them to land one of Liverpool's January targets.
The Reds opted not to replace Philippe Coutinho following their £142m move to Barcelona.
The likes of Thomas Lemar were linked with a move to Anfield but Liverpool were put off by Monaco's £90m valutation, reports the Liverpool Echo.
Liverpool also tried and failed to convince RB Leipzig to bring forward Naby Keita's summer switch.
Adam Lallana's latest injury setback didn't alter the club's plans and Klopp insists with the options available it was the right decision to wait until the summer to make further signings.
(Image: Liverpool FC)
(Image: Icon Sport)
“Unfortunately our business is only from the outside that easy. You miss a player for a week and you think ‘okay, we need another player',” Klopp said.
“Yes, we could have done something. But we need really the right thing. The right thing now, you don't get. The 100% right thing, only for completely crazy money that really makes no sense. I'm not even sure that would work. And in the summer it looks different.
“That's how it is. To do something just to have any solution that makes no real sense, to be honest.
“People obviously ask ‘bring them in' because someone is injured and you need somebody else, but then the other one is coming again and you weaken both or the third one, it makes no sense.
“In this situation, you really need to stay cool. It's more difficult when you've lost two games but you need to be serious still.”
Klopp has previously cited the return of Lallana, who missed the first half of the season with a thigh injury, as one reason why there was no panic to replace Coutinho.
(Image: PA)
However, the England international recently suffered a fresh setback against Swansea and has missed the past two matches with a groin problem.
Lallana is also a doubt for Sunday's crucial Premier League clash with Tottenham at Anfield but Klopp still believes they will have a big part to play over the coming months.
“It's really unlucky,” Klopp added.
“It was a really serious injury in the summer. Because of Adam's quality and attitude in training it looks immediately like we can put them in, (but) physical-wise he's not fit.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“The two things that happened after their big injury were in the 10 or 15 minutes after they came on. From nil to 100 in a second, and that's maybe what caused the problem.
“We really tried to be sensible with it, to do the right thing. But it didn't work, twice. It's really not a big thing (the latest injury), three games is like not being injured.
“He's maybe available for Tottenham, and if not then he'll have missed three games. That's really okay but of course it's not cool. The body needs to adapt again to the intensity.”
Posted 9 hours ago
There have been plenty of reactions following last night's NTVs investigative piece on the terror gangs in Eastland's with the focus on the Gaza gang of
OAKLAND, Calif. — Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference finals.
Iguodala's absence is a huge blow to the Warriors' defence as it works to stop LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
The Warriors said Iguodala, who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20, was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding their knee. Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala wouldn't play until they can run without pain. They will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday's Game 2.
Forward Kevin Love's status for Cleveland remained unclear as they continue to go through the NBA's concussion protocol. Love was injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston that the Cavs pulled out in seven. They aren't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena, where the Warriors host the series opener in the fourth straight Finals meeting between the rivals.
Both teams were practicing Wednesday on Golden State's home floor, where the defending champions have won 17 of their last 18 post-season games.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Janie McCauley, The Associated Press
NASA's Amazing New Image of the Pulsar-Powered Crab Nebula --"Ejecting Jets of Matter and Anti-matter"
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A fed-up neighbour who lived next door to a restaurant threw a Molotov cocktail inside because the noise was disturbing their sleep.
Luckily the shrimp restaurant was closed when a man called Tsai threw their makeshift petrol bomb into dining room, only managing to damage a couple of chairs.
The owner of the restaurant called police in South Taiwan's Pingtung County to investigate the incident, but decided not to press charges upon hearing of the arsonist's plight.
CCTV showed the suspect riding up to the business and hurling the Molotov cocktail into the entrance.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
Hammer attacker battered window cleaner 10 times in 10 seconds then walked away laughing
Additional footage showed Mr Tsai purchasing a bottle of petrol from a filling station earlier in the day.
They were arrested on arson charges and admitted to police that they firebombed the shrimp restaurant because its rowdy - and often drunk - customers kept them awake at night.
They usually go to sleep between 9pm and 10pm, they told the authorities.
Mr Tsai's family revealed that they had been suffering from depression and has had a drinking problem ever since being involved in a traffic accident.
(Image: AsiaWire)
(Image: AsiaWire)
Horrified Burger King customer's cheeseburger 'filled with live maggots' after he's taken first bite
 They are believed to have been drunk when they firebombed the business.
The restaurant owner has sympathised and decided not to press charges, and the police have even donated funds to the family.
Mr Tsai has promised try to curb their drinking.
© Axel Schmidt / Reuters
it has been mired in controversy over its mounting costs and bogged down by its as-yet unresolved technical issues.
A Senate committee has slammed the Pentagon's beleaguered F-35 fighter jet program, for claiming that a $661mn spend on bulk-buying parts would help it save some $1.2 billion. The real amount is half that, it has been revealed.The Senate Appropriations Committee, which has recently greenlighted a boost in spending for the F-35 program, despite it being, raised the issue last week, after the Defense Department's Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation office report revealed that the Pentagon had greatly exaggerated the economic effect from its attempt to cut the F-35 program costs.Last year, the program's office asked for some $661 million to procure, in bulk, material and equipment that had undergone hardware qualification testing for the F-35, claiming the bulk buy would allow it to save some $1.2 billion in costs. The parts to be supplied would be fitted into the aircraft to be purchased in 2019 and 2020. Last month, Lockheed Martin Corp. received the contract with the appropriate adjustments.The new report, however, argues that the buying strategy is much less cost-efficient than Pentagon officials had initially claimed when they presented their case to Congress.According to the new report, the measure will generate savings of some $600 million, which is a half of the designated amount.While the committee did not object in principle to what has turned into, the lawmakers have said they were "dismayed by the inaccuracy of the initial estimates," the report states, as cited by Bloomberg.Dissatisfied with the apparent discrepancy between the estimates,. The proposals should be submitted within 30 days until the defense appropriations bill, approved by the House on June 28 becomes law.The F-35 has been in development at Lockheed Martin. In the past decade,Last month, the Government Accountability Office (GAO) recommended that Congress withholds funding from the program until it fixes its, of which over a hundred were considered to be. The flaws include faulty oxygen-supply systems, an injury-causing ejector seat as well as an unusable helmet-mounted display system.The new estimate by the Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation office was requested by Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman John McCain (R-Arizona), a long-time critic of the program, who once called it "both scandal and a tragedy with respect to cost, schedule and performance."
Schools Will Soon Have To Put In Writing If They 'Lunch Shame'
Enlarge this image Baerbel Schmidt/Getty Images Baerbel Schmidt/Getty Images
Every day in this country students come to school without a way to pay for lunch. Right now it's up to the school to decide what happens next.
Since new legislation out of New Mexico on so-called lunch shaming made headlines - we've heard a lot about how schools react.
Some provide kids an alternative lunch, like a cold cheese sandwich. Other schools sometimes will provide hot lunch, but require students do chores, have their hand stamped or wear a wristband showing they're behind in payment. And, some schools will deny students lunch all together.
I'm hoping communities really put pressure on their own districts to say, 'We want our children fed.'"
With policies to handle unpaid meals all over the map, the USDA, which administers the federal school meal program, will soon require that all school districts have a policy on what to do when kids can't pay - a growing problem. By July 1, those policies must be in writing and communicated to staff, parents and the community.
"We're saying feed these children first, and let the grownups sort out the finances," says Jennifer Ramo, who's with the anti-hunger group, New Mexico Appleseed. About nine years ago they say they started hearing stories about kids receiving a tray of food only to have it tossed out by a cafeteria worker when they realized students didn't have the money to pay.
Seeing the need, Ramo worked with New Mexico state Sen. Michael Padilla to write the state law banning schools from shaming children without the ability to pay for meals.
toggle caption New Mexico Legislature
"A lot of people are very disgusted by this practice and they're reaching out – calling their own state senators and state representatives and asking them to get on it immediately," says Sen. Padilla. Since the bill became law earlier this month, they say lawmakers from around the country have reached out to see how they can address the same issues where they are.
Texas and California are already working on similar legislation. California Democratic state Sen. Robert Hertzberg introduced the Child Hunger Prevention and Fair Treatment Act.
"When I presented the bill, the two Republican senators on the committee joined as co-authors. How great is that? It just tells you this is not a partisan issue. It's a basic fundamental human issue everybody gets," they say.
The School Nutrition Association found about 75 percent of districts had some unpaid student meal debt at the end of the last school year. Part of the challenge is that students who qualify for free or reduced priced meals through the federal school lunch program, aren't signed up. The law in New Mexico aims to deal with that fact.
Jennifer Ramo says their state law is leading the way. Perhaps the timing couldn't be better. They say she's confident that because districts must now put their debt policies in writing, they will get much more scrutiny.
"I'm hoping communities really put pressure on their own districts to say, 'We want our children fed,'" they say.
Lanipuna Gardens, Hawaii – Allen Bertram built their Lanipuna Gardens home nearly 25 years ago. When lava ravaged their neighborhood almost two weeks ago, they lost nearly everything.
“I look outside, I see a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour. I opened the door and it came inside the house,” Bertram said.
With only the clothes on their back, Allen says they grabbed their dog and quickly ran uphill to safety.
“We slept outside and we waited until morning and then ran up to my neighbor's mac nut orchard,” Bertram said.
Trapped by lava, the only way to their neighbor's was to scale over fences.
“I had to throw my dog over the fence but then they bit me and ran away,” Bertram said.
Their dog, missing. Bertram searched for shelter.
Over the next 12 days, they barricaded themselves in neighbor's garage, surviving off of canned foods stored in their pantry.
“I was surrounded by lava, just hoping for the best,” they said.
Hoping to capture the attention of the helicopters flying above, Bertram says they put out a distress signal he'd learned from a TV show.
“I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag. I was praying that I was going to get rescued,” Bertram said.
Just this past Saturday, their prayers were answered.
Firefighters spotted Bertram from the air, lifting them to safety.
“Thank God… the best day of my life, very grateful to be alive,” they said.
“Doug Ford can't be underestimated in this race,” said Rob Leone, a former Progressive Conservative member of the Ontario legislature and current political science professor at Western University.
Leone said Ford has a leg up thanks to an established ground game and support organization, which could be key assets as leadership hopefuls scramble to meet a tight, five-week timeline. Voting to choose the new leader begins March 2, with results to be unveiled March 10.
Ford's anti-elitist message resonated with the crowd at Saturday night's rally, who booed emphatically at every mention of Wynne and the Liberals.
"Doug Ford may be rich, but at least they hang out with the rest of us," said Kim King, a Ford supporter at the rally, who referenced community events that the Ford family hosts in Toronto every year.
"The elitists, you only see them once every four years."
Ford's stronghold of supporters in suburban Toronto meant attendance was high at their first event in the city, but Ford said he'll focus on drumming up support across the province in the coming weeks.
"From the 519 (area code) to the 613 — from the 905 to the 705 and the 416 — you will have a voice in our party,” said Ford.
“Our policies will empower you, the people of this province.”
Ford will be contending against Christine Elliott, a PC politician who has run for the leadership twice already. Caroline Mulroney, the daughter of former Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, is expected to announce their candidacy in the near future.
By Salmaan Farooqui and Michelle McQuigge, The Canadian Press
BRUSSELS/CAIRO: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took their case to Europe to ask allies to join the United States in recognising Jerusalem as Israel`s capital, but met a firm rebuff from EU foreign ministers who saw the move as a blow against the peace process.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, meanwhile, took their own case to Egypt on Monday and was expected to fly to Turkey for a meeting of Muslim countries this week, cementing support from leaders who say the US move was a dire error.
President Donald Trump announced last Wednesday the United States would recognise Jerusalem as Israel`s capital, breaking with decades of US policy and international consensus that the city`s status must be left to Israeli-Palestinian talks.
Netanyahu, on their first visit to EU headquarters in Brussels, said Trump`s move helped peace, "because recognising reality is the substance of peace, the foundation of peace".
Israel, which annexed East Jerusalem after capturing it in a 1967 war, considers the entire city to be its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.
The Trump administration says it remains committed to the peace process and its decision does not affect Jerusalem`s future borders or status. It says any credible future peace deal will place the Israeli capital in Jerusalem, and ditching old policies is needed to revive a peace process frozen since 2014.
But even Israel`s closest European allies have rejected that logic and say recognising Israel`s capital unilaterally risks inflaming violence and further wrecking the chance for peace.
After a breakfast meeting between Netanyahu and EU foreign ministers, Sweden`s top diplomat said no European at the closed-door meeting had voiced support for Trump`s decision, and no country was likely to follow the United States in announcing plans to move its embassy.
"I have a hard time seeing that any other country would do that and I don`t think any other EU country will do it," Margot Wallstrom told reporters.
Israel`s position does appear to have more support from some EU states than others. Last week, the Czech foreign ministry said it would begin considering moving the Czech Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, while Hungary blocked a planned EU statement condemning the U.S. move.
But Prague later said it accepted Israel`s sovereignty only over West Jerusalem, and Budapest said its long-term position seeking a two-state solution in the Middle East had not changed.
On Monday, Czech Foreign Minister Lubomir Zaoralek said of Trump`s decision: "I`m afraid it can`t help us."
"I`m convinced that it is impossible to ease tension with a unilateral solution," Zaoralek said. "We are talking about an Israeli state but at the same time we have to speak about a Palestinian state."
The Palestinian president, Abbas, met the head of the Arab League in Cairo on Monday and was due to meet President Abdel Fatah al-Sisi. Egypt is a U.S. ally that has a peace treaty with Israel and has brokered Israeli-Palestinian deals in the past.
Moving the US embassy in Israel to Jerusalem would have "dangerous effects on peace and security in the region", Sisi said on Monday at an earlier meeting with visiting Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Abbas was also due to fly to Turkey. Trump`s announcement has triggered a war of words between Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and Netanyahu, straining ties between the two US allies which were restored only last year after a six-year breach that followed the Israeli storming of a Turkish aid ship.
On Sunday, Erdoğan called Israel a "terror state". Netanyahu responded by saying they would accept no moral lectures from Erdoğan who they accused of bombing Kurdish villages, jailing opponents and supporting terrorists.
On Monday Erdoğan took aim directly at Washington over Trump`s move: "The ones who made Jerusalem a dungeon for Muslims and members of other religions will never be able to clean the blood from their hands," they said in a speech in Ankara. "With their decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel`s capital, the United States has become a partner in this bloodshed."
Trump`s announcement triggered days of protests across the Muslim world and clashes between Palestinians and Israeli security forces in the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem in which scores of Palestinians were wounded and several killed. By Monday morning, violence appeared to have subsided.
In Beirut, tens of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets to protest at a march backed by Hezbollah, the heavily-armed Iran-backed Shi`ite group whose leader called last week for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel. An announcer led the crowd in chants of "Death to America! Death to Israel!"
Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah told the crowd by video link the group was turning its focus back towards the fight against Israel: "Today the axis of resistance, including Hezbollah, will return as its most important priority ... Jerusalem and Palestine and the Palestinian people and the Palestinian resistance in all its factions."
Netanyahu, who has been angered by the EU`s search for closer business ties with Iran, said Europeans should emulate Trump`s move and press the Palestinians to do so, too.
"It`s time that the Palestinians recognise the Jewish state and also recognise the fact that it has a capital. It`s called Jerusalem," they said. In comments filmed later on their plane, they said they had told the Europeans to "stop pampering the Palestinians", who "need a reality check".
The decision to recognise Jerusalem could also strain Washington`s ties with another of its major Muslim allies, Saudi Arabia, which has sought closer relations with Washington under Trump than under their predecessor, Barack Obama.
Saudi Arabia shares US and Israeli concerns about the increasing regional influence of Iran, and was seen as a potential broker for a comprehensive Arab-Israeli peace deal. But Saudis have suggested that unilateral decisions over Jerusalem make any such rapprochement more difficult.
Prince Turki al-Faisal, a former Saudi ambassador to the United States and veteran ex-security chief, published a strongly-worded open letter to Trump on Monday.
"Bloodshed and mayhem will definitely follow your opportunistic attempt to make electoral gain," the prince wrote in the letter, published in the Saudi newspaper al-Jazeera.
"Your action has emboldened the most extreme elements in the Israeli society ... because they take your action as a license to evict the Palestinians from their lands and subject them to an apartheid state," they added. "Your action has equally emboldened Iran and its terrorist minions to claim that they are the legitimate defenders of Palestinian rights."
© Courtesy of family
"I heard a big boom. I couldn't tell if it was a gunshot or what."Shaniqua Stephens had just watched their 13-year-old son take out the trash Monday evening when they heard a noise. "I just knew that it was something that was wrong," they said.Thirteen-year-old Malachi Hemphill was live on the social media site Instagram handling the gun when it went off. They were rushed to Grady Hospital where they died.Forest Park Police said they responded at about 10:40 p.m.Stephens said it was an accident and not an intentional suicide.Several of their friends were watching when the shooting happened. Stephens said they rushed to their house afterward.She has been told that someone asked why they didn't have a clip in the gun and told them to put a clip in the gun. "As they put the clip in the gun, that is when the gun went off," they said.She was told they got the gun from a friend who got it from someone else. Detectives said they are consulting with the Clayton County D.A.'s office, and depending on where their investigation leads, criminal charges are a possibility.She said it was hard to keep track of their activities on social media even though they and their husband Ernest monitored their profiles often. Both said they tried their best to know where their kids were and who they were friends with. They worked to be role models for their children, but said the wrong influence outside the home and a parent's eye can still lead to tragedy.Officials at Babb Middle School, where Malachi was a 7th-grade student, have brought in grief counselors to assist students.
Despite the prediction of a good monsoon, optimism is missing in the shares of agrochemical companies whose fortunes are directly linked to the rains and farming activity. While forecasts of a good monsoon have emerged over the last one month, shares of Rallis India Ltd, Dhanuka Agritech Ltd, Bayer CropScience Ltd and Insecticides (India) Ltd were little changed.
Perhaps investors had already placed their bets earlier when the debate on the threat of another El Niño was taking place. Even then, relative to the BSE 500 index, the outperformance of agrochemical stocks hasn't been steep.
The mixed performance reflects near-term concerns. A survey of dealers by JM Financial Institutional Securities Ltd indicates sales in the current quarter can be hit by destocking ahead of the implementation of the goods and services tax (GST), and by down-trading by farmers due to low farm produce prices. There have also been pest attacks in some regions.
Aditya Jhawar, an analyst at Investec Capital Services (India) Pvt. Ltd, says some participants in the supply chain are reluctant to stock inventories ahead of the GST implementation. The disruption in the supply chain can have a noticeable impact as April-June is usually used by the agrochemical industry for product placements in the retail network.
GST is not the only headwind. Bad weather and lower-than- expected sales in the last winter crop season mean that some markets have inventories from the previous season. This can reduce new sales. Add to this the impact of a drop in farm produce prices and there are fears investment quality may suffer in the current season.
“Based on our survey, we believe there could be some down-trading towards the unorganized segment (low-priced products) in some of these regions for the current season,” JM Financial said in a note.
Still, the broader outlook for agrochemical sales remains good. The expected shift in crop acreages to cotton, a large user of agrochemicals, can strengthen demand conditions. Also, as Jhawar reasons, down-trading may not be acute this year as farmers had a good crop season, which should aid investments.
JM Financial concurs with the views. The only risk, however, is the growth in first half of the current fiscal year may not be as strong as initially expected. If headwinds play out as feared, sales growth in the first half of the fiscal year or the summer crop season can come in at 10-12% against initial expectations of 15-16%, said the JM Financial note. The broking firm expects sales to remain weak in the current quarter, with recovery happening from next month.
One quarter of subdued sales will not be a deal-breaker for investors. What is crucial is the sales recovery from next quarter. If the recovery proves to be strong, then one may see the gains translating into higher share prices.
A brave woman from Whitnash is showing off their stoma bag for a another charity in the hopes of empowering more women.
Amy Care, who is 28-years-old, suffered with Crohn's disease for 10 years before they had an ostomy in June 2015, which resulted in them having a stoma bag.
Amy Care's photo from their shoot for charity Purple Wings.
Amy, who lives on Dobson Lane, started following charity Stoma Wise on social media after they saw they offered a range of support and products.
Last year Stoma Wise asked the public to send in pictures for their stoma awareness calendar and Miss Care's photo was selected for the September picture.
Now Amy has decided to help another charity, Purple Wings, by taking part in another charity calender photo shoot.
Purple Wings is a charity that helps suffers with Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD), who also have ostomies, regain their confidence.
Amy Care's photoshoot for charity Purple Wings.
Amy stripped down to their underwear for a photo shoot for the charity that will be putting together a calender.
Amy said: “This photo shoot is organised by Lauren Henderson, founder of Purple Wings, to empower women with ostomies and IBD and to also help boost people's confidence. I joined in this year helping with hair and make-up and then I also had the chance to take part.
“Purple Wings is such a fantastic charity that helps so many people, I couldn't miss the chance to take part. I love an opportunity to help raise awareness for ostomies and IBD.
“I was nervous to be stripping down but it was such an enjoyable experience, I would recommend others in the same position to give it a go at a future photo shoot. I was over the moon with my pictures, the photographer Lisa Jane Jones was fantastic at putting all the ladies including myself at ease and just to enjoy the experience.
Amy Care's photo shoot for charity Purple Wings.
“I have been taking on these projects because I want people to know they shouldn't be ashamed of having an ostomy and that they can live life to the full.”
Amy has also founded their own group ‘Midlands Ostomy and IBD Support Group' to offer those with ostomies and IBD help and support.
KARACHI: The loaded shipping containers that fell into the sea after Monday's cargo ships' collision at Karachi Port, have still not been recovered, according to a local media outlet.
The South Asia Port Terminal (SAPT) will be opened for traffic only after the 21 containers, which were carrying imported cars and freight worth millions of rupees, are recovered.
The recovery operation carried by the Karachi Port Trust is due to begin on Tuesday.
On Monday, two heavily loaded vessels near the South Asia Pakistan Terminals Limited (SAPT) collided with each other causing loaded containers on both the ships to fall into the sea.
“Approximately 55-60 containers from the ships fell into the deep sea,” said port authorities.
According to sources, a loaded ship ‘Hapag Lloyd' recently arrived at the SAPT deepwater port on Monday and collided with another ship. Owing to the incident, the operation at the terminal has been temporarily discontinued.
The sources said that initial investigation has revealed that the pilots of Karachi Port Trust (KPT), who took charge of the vessels, are responsible for this incident. The KPT's pilots know deep sea routes and they tug the ships to the port. The sources further claimed that the containers are floating toward the channels made for breaking heavy waves and could possibly damage them if a proper action for removing the containers is not taken on time.
The authorities claimed that they have started an operation to remove the containers in the sea and after clearing the route of ships, the port would be reopened. In the meanwhile, an investigation into the collision has also started.
KPT officials said that their investigation team is trying to find out the reason for the accident and will submit a report after their return from the site of the collision.
The sources also informed this scribe that a similar incident had taken place two months ago because of a KPT pilot's negligence, however, it was not reported to the media since it wasn't as dangerous as this one.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Incidents of fly-tipping across North Somerset are on the rise - as the council places restrictions on the use of the area's rubbish dumps.
North Somerset Council has responded to 2,064 incidents of fly-tipping in the district in the past year, compared to 2,038 on the same period in 2015/16.
And the cost of clearing up the rubbish - often found dumped on the roadside and in rural lanes - was £74,097.
The rise in the level of flytipping comes at the same time as the authority has introduced new restrictions on the use of its three recycling centres - based in Backwell, Portishead and Weston-super-Mare.
New rules, which came into force last April, mean people visiting the tips with vans or trailers full of household rubbish have to apply for a permit.
Access to the recycling centres is also restricted to certain times within the day for permit users. And the permits can only also be used 12 times a year.
Bristol City Council accused of turning litter police on its own staff
The council has also introduced charging for certain types of waste including hardcore and rubble, tyres, plasterboard and asbestos.
And the authority charges householders who cannot take items to the recycling centres £60 for collecting items such as old sofas and fridges and freezers and disposing of them.
Other changes at the recycling centres have seen some close on certain days. Backwell recycling centre is now shut on a Wednesday and Thursday while the Portishead facility closes on Tuesdays. The recycling centre in Weston-super-Mare opens seven days a week.
The changes were put in place in a bid to stop commercial operators from using the tips to dump their work-related waste and in a bid to increase recycling rates.
But some say the changes to the waste contract, now operated by contract Biffa, has led to people dumping their unwanted items, either because their nearest tip is not open, they do not have a permit or to avoid the charges.
There are a number of flytipping 'hotspots' across the district.
In Canada Coombe near Hutton the council has dealt with 26 separate incidents of fly-tipping over the past year and a further 18 at Bleadon's Roman Road. Locking Road and Silver Moor Lane in Weston and Puxton Lane in Puxton also regularly see piles of rubbish dumped.
Research shows councils across the South West have spent almost £3million clearing up fly-tipping over the past 12 months with 44,745 cases reported in the region from April 2016 to March 2017 - a 30 per cent increase on the previous year.
North Somerset Council currently operates a weekly recycling collection service and a fortnightly household rubbish collection.
It also collects green waste fortnightly through the summer which is a free service but people have to sign up to the service and purchase a green bin.
The authority has one of the highest recycling rates in the country. North Somerset Council spokesperson Nick Yates said: "Fly-tipping is selfish, antisocial and it spoils our beautiful surroundings.
"People can dispose of items at our three recycling centres - they may have to pay for some items but that is a lot less than if they are caught fly-tipping and prosecuted.
"In common with other councils we do make a charge for the disposal of certain items at our three recycling centres; charged for items include asbestos, plasterboard, tyres, gas canisters and fire extinguishers.
“Charges for hardcore and rubble may also apply. We do not believe that the changes we have made have caused an increase in fly-tipping.
“We do look through fly-tipped waste to see if there is anything there to identify who may have dumped it - we will investigate and take further action where appropriate."
ANNAPOLIS, Md. — Navy coach Ken Niumatalolo didn't need to assemble the team together to inform them the importance of Saturday's game against Air Force.
"The Commander-in-Chief's Trophy and winning the conference are our two biggest goals," Niumatalolo said. "This is the first leg and it's going to be a battle, a real tough game."
Air Force holds the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy after sweeping Army and Navy last season. The Falcons pretty much dominated the Midshipmen in a 28-14 victory in Colorado Springs.
"These kids are a lot smarter than me," Niumatalolo said. "If I have to remind them of that, they probably couldn't have gotten into the Naval Academy."
This marks the 50th meeting between Navy (4-0) and Air Force (1-3). The winner has gone on to capture the coveted Commander-in-Chief's Trophy every year since 1997.
Navy won seven straight in the series from 2003 through 2009. However, Air Force holds a 4-3 advantage since 2010. The Falcons and Midshipmen have traded the trophy back and forth the past four seasons, a trend the Annapolis contingent would like to continue.
___
Some other things to know about Saturday's game:
BAD TASTE: Fourteen years. That's how long Navy went without losing to Air Force and Army in the same season. Getting swept by their service academy rivals was the low point of an otherwise successful 2016 season for the Midshipmen. "This is a new year. We're not even thinking about last year. We're just trying to get this one," Niumatalolo said.
HARD TO RUN: Air Force and Navy both employ option offences so it was the rare meeting between the rivals last year in which much of the damage was done through the air. The Midshipmen were forced to throw the ball after having no success on the ground. Will Worth completed 17 of 30 passes for 260 yards, but also tossed two interceptions. The Falcons finished with 257 yards passing, although that production was bolstered by 173 yards rushing. "I think a lot of it is that we're both so aggressive. Air Force puts a lot of defenders on the line of scrimmage. We threw a lot to try to back them up," Niumatalolo said.
After Election Landslide, It's Putin's Russia (More Than Ever)
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jolie Myers/NPR Jolie Myers/NPR
Vladimir Putin won re-election with a landslide victory: 76 percent of the vote. That win puts them on track to rule until 2024 — nearly a quarter century in power, second only to Stalin as far as Kremlin leaders go.
What does another six years mean for Russia?
"Given the fact that this time should be their final term, I think their mission can be formulated as: to guarantee that the system he's erected, which brought Russia back to the world stage as a significant player after a pretty big demise in [the] 1990s ... will survive him," veteran journalist Fyodor Lukyanov told NPR's All Things Considered in Moscow on Monday.
Lukyanov is editor-in-chief of the foreign policy journal Russia in Global Affairs.
These excerpts have been lightly edited for clarity.
Interview Highlights
On what this victory means for Putin and their mission
To believe that an authoritarian ruler is just a cynical manipulator, it's not fair. And I think Putin is not that kind of person. They believe in their particular mission, and they believe in their connection to people. ...
If they [believed] that this system cannot exist without him, that will be perceived by them as a defeat.
This system is closely connected not to the president of the Russian Federation, but to the president whose name is Vladimir Putin.
Putin ... embodied what Russian people wanted to see after a very turbulent period of the collapse of the Soviet Union. But the [flip side] of this is that the legitimacy of the whole system is actually equal to their personal legitimacy. ...
They cannot just go and put in a successor ... because this place is suited for him. No person after them will have their kind of relationship to the Russian nation. This person will have to develop their own way, but to do this they will need time, and to guarantee that during this time the system will not collapse, they will need some institutional changes as well.
toggle caption Jolie Myers/NPR
On a message of stability, despite chaotic international relations
The question is, to what extent do people in Russia feel "hurt" by, for example, expulsion of Russian diplomats from Britain, or new sanctions imposed by the U.S.? ... It doesn't touch [the average Russian]. ...
If you compare the narrative now and, say, 10 years ago – the Russian discussion was much less homogeneous, and those who claimed that Russia was to blame were not the majority, of course, but a significant minority. Now ... you hear voices in support to the Western position, but very few.
On Russians' faith in Kremlin denials of wrongdoing
When I followed the [2016 presidential] campaign in the United States, I was pretty shocked. Because previously I believed that paranoia is a Russian business. So I'm afraid that we are in big trouble for one simple reason: because all the major actors have such huge domestic problems, that foreign policy issues are becoming, everywhere — Russia, China, U.S., Britain, Germany — a means to address this. And this is terrible.
Freelance journalist Anna Shpakova contributed to this report.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two motorists jumped out of their cars in the middle of the gridlocked M25 during rush hour to have a heated row about a smashed car window.
The road rage clash took place after the driver's side window of a black BMW was smashed after it collided with a grey Ford Transit where the A3 in Wisley, Surrey, joins the motorway.
Both drivers argued after the initial smash but met again minutes later on a packed M25 and decided to get out of their cars and continue the 'heated debate.'
The incident took place at about 7.10am on January 25 when the two cars were travelling clockwise on the M25 between junction 10 and 11 for Chertsey after traffic came to a standstill.
Surrey Police said the pair got out of their vehicles and had a heated 'discussion' slap bang in the middle of the busy dual carriageway.
(Photo: Surrey Police)
A spokesperson for the force told GetSurrey.co.uk : "You'd remember seeing two people getting out of their cars to have an altercation in the middle of the M25 during rush hour, wouldn't you?
"There was a minor collision between a black BMW and a dark grey Ford Transit van on the Wisley roundabout – where the A3 joins to the M25.
"The two drivers then had a 'discussion', during which the driver's side window of the BMW was smashed."
They said the argument carried on when they got stuck in gridlocked traffic.
The spokesperson added: "The drivers got out of their vehicles and continued their 'discussion' in the middle of the road.
"We know who the two drivers are, but it is fair to say their descriptions of exactly what happened differ somewhat.
"If you saw it happen or better still have some dashcam footage from the morning, then we'd love to hear from you to clear this one up."
Anyone with information is asked to call Surrey Police on 101 quoting reference 45170008521 or call Crimestoppers charity anonymously on 0800 555 111.
“It does happen. All the time. Just not to you and me.”
The first time we met Howard Schulz, the founder and chairperson of Starbucks, they were speaking to more than 200 of the nation's highest ranking black law enforcement officers during their conference in Seattle. They were explaining their company's efforts to promote better relationships between black and Latino communities and police through a program they initiated called “Coffee with a Cop.”
It was early last year, and Schulz told the group how two years earlier, following riots and protests in the wake of a spate of high-profile killings of black men by police, they and then Seattle Police Chief Kathleen O'Toole had begun inviting residents and local cops to meet in their Seattle coffeehouses, so both could hear the others' points of view.
It was effective, Schultz said. About 70 percent of the participants walked away from the events feeling better about the other side.
Schulz's audience that day was the National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives (NOBLE), which is made up of the highest levels of African-American leaders of local police and sheriff's departments, state troopers, the FBI, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, U.S. Marshals, Secret Service, Drug Enforcement Administration and other federal agencies.
We were there doing research for our upcoming book, The Black and The Blue: A Cop Reveals the Crimes, Racism, and Injustice in America's Law Enforcement. We thought the conference would be a good first stop on our year-long book project to examine police and race. We wanted to understand how and why those relationships play out in continual shootings of unarmed black men, racial profiling and disparate rates of arrest and incarceration.
Matt had been a member of the organization for much of their 24 years as a special agent with the ATF and knew many of the officers. Despite having covered law enforcement issues as one of my jobs as a local and national newspaper reporter for more than 20 years, I was a novice to the group.
Starbucks' “Coffee with a Cop” meetings had spread to other cities, Schultz explained, and they announced plans to host 100 more events that year. They would hold the first events in five cities in partnership with NOBLE and two other police organizations, the International Association of Chiefs of Police and the Major Cities Chiefs Association.
“We are pleased to host meetings in our stores . . . where police and the community can meet and share experiences to foster greater understanding and empathy,” they said.
And then came the embarrassing arrest just days ago of two black men in Philadelphia, hauled off by police in handcuffs for doing nothing more than sitting and waiting to meet someone in Starbucks, the place where millions of Americans sit every day and wait for other people. The company immediately recognized the “reprehensible” mistake its employee had made by calling the police. It refused to press charges, issued an apology, met with the men who were arrested and promised company-wide bias training.
Not the Philadelphia police. Instead, they did what we found police departments do incident after incident. They hunker down and back their officers at all costs. We saw it following police incidents in Chicago and Ferguson, Missouri, and Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and New York. “Don't back down,” seemingly is their mantra. Find policy that will justify your officers' actions.
And that is exactly what Philadelphia Police Commissioner Richard Ross did. In a Facebook video, Ross said their officers “had legal standing to make an arrest. In short, these officers did absolutely nothing wrong. They followed policy. They did what they are supposed to do.”
They never asked whether just because their officers could do something, should they do it? Was there a better way? Was it good police policy for six officers to arrest two men for doing what virtually everybody in the same space was doing? Do you really want a policy that will enforce discriminatory policies or actions without exception as they did in the Jim Crow South?
As we interviewed hundreds of police, government officials and victims of police abuse across the nation, we found that police actions are driven daily by the stereotypes and biases too many Americans hold of black people, black men in particular. Their mere presence incites anxiety and fear in many. Consequently, for people of color, the Starbucks incident is just part of the continuous nightmare of racial profiling by America that often ends with tragic results.
The same day the two black men were being arrested in Philadelphia, a 14-year-old black teenager was shot at and nearly killed by white residents in Rochester Hills, Michigan. Brennan Walker overslept and missed their bus and then got lost while they walked to school. So, they knocked on a family's door that morning to ask for directions to their high school.
The wife saw a black face and accused them of trying to break them into the family's house. The incident was caught on the family's doorbell video. They yelled, and their husband came running, picked up with their shotgun and fired, but missed. Walker ran and hid in some bushes. And then they cried.
Just 34 minutes away in Dearborn Heights, Michigan, Theodore Wafer five years earlier shot an unarmed, 19-year-old in the face with a 12-gauge shotgun and killed them Renisha McBride had knocked on their front door in the early morning hours to ask for help after wrecking their car nearby. They were sentenced to 17 years. Meanwhile, the list of unarmed black men killed by police continues to climb; the most recent is Stephon Clark, 22, shot by police eight times in the back, according to the family coroner, in their grandmother's backyard in Sacramento, California.
These incidents continue to happen, we found, because America usually condones or excuses them. The most common excuse for police is “I feared for my life,” and there is the ongoing supposition by many that there was something the black person did to cause whatever happened to them or them Even when African Americans tell our white friends who know us well, who respect us, who we work with or supervise, we can see that look in their faces that says, “No, police don't do that. The person did something wrong to cause the officer to react that way.”
Melissa DePino, whose online video post of the arrests in Philadelphia has been viewed seven million times, got their lesson on the breadth of America's bias as much from the incident they recorded as from the reactions to their post. Now, they know what most people of color know.
“Ever since I posted this, I've had white strangers AND friends say, ‘there must be something more to this story,'” they wrote in a tweet. “That assumption is a big part of the problem. It does happen. All the time. Just not to you and me. Believe it . . .”
Matthew Horace and Ron Harris are the co-authors of the upcoming book, The Black and The Blue: A Cop Reveals Crimes, Racism and Injustice Inside Law Enforcement, which will be available in August. Ron Harris is a journalist and adjunct professor at Howard University. Matthew Horace is CNN contributor, a former police officer and a former special agent with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Junius Maltby
Gold, Silver, Bullion, Coins, Economics, and as always....conversation! Welcome to the channel where we talk about news, precious metals, the financial system and life. Join in today!
IDENTIFYING the precise cause of death of a young man who died after jumping from the cliff of a notorious Byron Bay water hole will be impossible, a coronial inquest has heard, because a full autopsy wasn't done.
Brendan Vickery, 20, was presumed to have drowned in February 2014 when they disappeared from view while swimming in the quarry after complaining to friends they felt weak.
The native Victorian was last seen holding a mossy ledge at the base of the cliff, shortly after jumping from the 8.5m ledge.
A NSW Coroner's Court inquest into Mr Vickey's death is currently under way in Byron Bay, canvassing factors including access to the site, dangers associated with the site, responsibility for fencing and signage, and the circumstances surrounding the death.
This morning the court heard an external examination of Mr Vickery's body was conducted by NSW Department of Forensic Medicine pathologist Dr Brian Beer and established drowning as the most likely cause of death "on the balance of probabilities”.
However during the cross-examination of Dr Beer, the lawyer representing Mr Vickery's family, David Evenden, questioned why other potential fatal factors weren't rigorously tested.
Mr Evenden mentioned so-called "long QT” syndrome, which is a heart condition which can, in 5% of cases, lead to sudden death.
They questioned why a full autopsy was not conducted on Mr Vickery's body.
Mr Beer said about five years ago the NSW Coroner's Act had changed to mandate that doctors conduct the "least invasive procedure possible” in circumstances where there is enough background information to suggest an explanation for the death.
They said the level of investigation done by pathologists was "very dependent” on the information they were provided with by police and emergency services.
In this case, the "main narrative” of the death revolved around the dangers of jumping from heights and unsafe swimming practices.
Mr Evenden asked whether the death would fall into the category of a "sudden unexpected death”.
But Dr Beer disputed that, saying "there was significant misadventure” prior to the death.
Dr Beer said the exact cause of death couldn't be determined but on the balance or probabilities, drowning was the most likely cause.
The court yesterday heard that from a Tweed emergency medical specialist, Dr Rob Davies, that nine people had been hospitalised as a result of jumping into the water hole in recent years, six who sustained spinal fractures.
The hearing continues.
The mention of Balochistan in PM Narendra Modi's Independence Day speech last year seemed to signal a major shift in India's Pakistan policy, but precious little has happened in that regard since then. Photo: HT
New Delhi: During their Independence Day speech a year ago, Prime Minister Narendra Modi seemed to signal a major shift in foreign policy, with an aggressive countering of Pakistani propaganda by raising human rights issues in Balochistan, Pakistan-administered Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan.
The reference to Balochistan in the speech from Red Fort drew cheers from Baloch nationalists as it raised hopes of active Indian support for their cause.
That India would press ahead with this strategy seemed certain when foreign minister Sushma Swaraj referred to Balochistan in their speech to the UN General Assembly in September—describing Pakistani state excesses in Balochistan as “the worst form of state oppression”.
But a handful of references apart, a year down the line, there seems to be hardly any mention of Balochistan in Indian policy circles. Neither is there any official word on whether an asylum request by leading Baloch nationalist Brahumdagh Bugti has been granted. The Indian home ministry seemed unaware of any such request logged last year at the Indian embassy in Berne. An aide of Bugti's said there had been no response from India on an asylum request and a visa request to visit India.
Analysts in India are divided over whether India has a ‘Baloch card' to play vis-a-vis Pakistan and its use to highlight human rights abuses by Pakistan.
“I don't think the Baloch card was going to be played,” said former Indian high commissioner to Pakistan T.C.A. Raghavan. “What the Prime Minister was doing in their speech was to expose the fault lines in Pakistan in the context of them putting pressure on us,” they said. The reference was to Pakistan piling pressure on India on alleged human rights violations in Kashmir last year, against the backdrop of protests at the killing of Hizbul Mujahideen terrorist Burhan Wani. Scores of people were killed when Indian security forces tried to put down the protests —something Pakistan tried to highlight through briefings to diplomats and writing to then United Nations secretary general Ban Ki-moon.
According to Raghavan, Modi's comments were more “tactical” in nature. Besides, “the Baloch nationalists are divided into many factions and Baloch expectations are varied,” they said, adding: “Some of them use statements made by India for their own tactical advantage.”
Former foreign secretary Lalit Mansingh, however, was of the view that “there is always a Baloch card to play”, given the many internal schisms within Pakistan.
“Balochistan is one of the oldest running insurgencies in Pakistan. I don't know whether India has done anything about it. I would be surprised if India was not doing anything about it,” Mansingh said when asked if they were aware of any moves by India to exploit Pakistan's Achilles' heel.
According to Mansingh, Balochistan has been one of the many prongs in India's strategy to discomfit Pakistan in the past year. “The Prime Minister flagged the issue and created a sense of discomfort for Pakistan. Simultaneously, India has raised the issue of Pakistan's sponsorship of terrorism. The Indian government has also been effectively meeting the Pakistani challenge along the Line of Control in Kashmir,” they said. The last was a reference to India responding strongly to Pakistani troops violating a 2003 ceasefire agreement.
Harsh Pant, a professor of international relations at King's College London, said Modi's reference to Balochistan in their Independence Day speech is evidence enough that Indian policymakers think there “is a Baloch card” to be leveraged. “I think the aim of the reference was to attempt to pitch Indian diplomacy into an offensive mode from the defensive over Kashmir,” they said.
Having done that, “India, I think, would like to balance it out” with moves like no asylum for Baloch nationalists or providing material support to their cause, they said.
Dellen Millard, the man already convicted of killing Tim Bosma and Laura Babcock, who will shortly be tried in the death of their father, has been called many things. None of them are flattering. One of the more repeatable epithets is 'disgusting'. You won't get any argument from this quarter.
The mere mention of Millard's name, as with Paul Bernardo, generates anger and hostility. Which is why so many people are spitting mad about the fact that someone, presumably one of Millard's few friends, has started a crowd-funding Facebook page aimed at raising money for Millard's defence in their upcoming — that would be their third — trial.
The idea this twice-convicted killer is appealing to people's charity to help them get competent legal defence is, on many levels, repugnant. That's why online petitions are demanding the crowd-funding page be shut down. It's all quite understandable, and to make matters worse it must be upsetting for the families of Millard's victims.
It's unlikely Facebook would find the content to be in violation of there rules. In fact, if you spend some time searching, you will find that crowdfunding to pay legal costs isn't uncommon. And if you really think about it, and get beyond the anger involved, shutting down this or other similar fundraising campaigns wouldn't be the best outcome. It might make us feel good, as if we can exact some degree of revenge on this nasty piece of work. Again, understandable, but not really helpful.
Related Content "Disgusting:" Facebook fundraiser for killer Dellen Millard raises ire
An absolutely central tenet of our justice system is that the accused person deserves and is entitled to competent legal defence. In their last trial, Millard represented himself, which shows that while they may be evil and cunning in an animalistic way, he's no towering intellect. They intend to use an actual lawyer next time around, and apparently is having trouble coming up with the necessary money.
We hope the crowdfunding campaign is a bust. But that's how this should go, as opposed to having it shut down. This isn't about the disgusting person involved, it's about the legal system. The system only works when there is competent legal representation on the prosecuting and defence side, as well as on the bench.
In fact, if Millard says they want a lawyer, they will get one, one way or the other. That's what the law says. If they can't afford one, the Crown will need to ensure he's represented.
Much as it is tempting to conclude that people convicted and accused of such heinous crimes don't deserve proper counsel, that's a slippery slope we don't want to be on.
Besides, there would be an upside to seeing the crowdfunding effort succeed. If Millard's fan club wants to pay their expenses, that means taxpayers don't have to.
That has a certain appeal.
Hackers can unlock your home's front door with in
A block of flats in Oxford been set on fire in a
New piece of clothing tech can store 15 kilos of
A new species of dinosaur has been discovered by
£10m funding on offer for spaceport 'in tiny Engl
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
India successfully launched 104 satellites in a single mission, setting what its space agency says is a world record of launching the most satellites at one go.
Of the 104, 101 are foreign satellites to serve international customers as the South Asian nation seeks a bigger share of the $300 billion global space industry.
"This is a great moment for each and everyone of us. Today we have created history," said project director B. Jayakumar.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted their congratulations on the launch.
(Photo: @isro/Twitter)
(Photo: AFP)
It was conducted by the state-run Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), went off smoothly and was carried live on national TV news channels.
"This remarkable feat by ISRO is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation," Modi said.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
"India salutes our scientists."
Modi is bullish on India's space programme and has repeatedly praised the efforts of scientists who three years ago pulled off a low-cost mission to send a probe to orbit Mars that succeeded at the first attempt.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
ISRO's low prices attracted international customers to launch 75 satellites last year from Sriharikota in the southern state of Andhra Pradesh.
The launch of PSLV-C37 in a single payload, including the Cartosat-2 series and 103 co-passenger satellites, together weighed over 650 kg (1,433 lb).
Out of 101 nano satellites, 96 were from the United States and one each from Israel, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Arab Emirates.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A doctor who treated victims of the Grenfell Tower blaze has revealed a hidden home danger that could prove fatal in a fire.
Dr Malcolm Tunnicliff, clinical director for emergency and acute care at King's College Hospital, in south London, dealt with 12 casualties from the deadly inferno.
They said the injured were a mixture of children and adults, both men and women, ranging in age from four or five to middle age.
And before any of victims had even arrived, Dr Tunnicliff revealed staff were ready and waiting with cyanide poisoning kits.
According to experts, the foam found in old sofas and other upholsteries emits extremely dangerous toxins when burned.
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: AFP)
(Photo: Channel 4)
"We knew in advance that it was a fire in an enclosed space so we also knew there was a real risk of cyanide poisoning from foam in older furniture burning," Dr Tunnicliff told the Guardian.
"So we had lots of cyano kits – which contain the antidote to cyanide poisoning – ready and waiting to give people."
For decades, polyurethane foam has been used as as padding in sofas, couches, chairs, pillows, and mattresses, as well as for padding under carpets.
And older furniture - where the foam has not been treated with flame retardant chemicals - is referred to as "solid gasoline" by fire experts.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: The People)
When untreated foam is ignited, it burns extremely fast, reaching temperatures over 760 degrees celsius within minutes.
But what makes it even more deadly is the toxic gas produced when it burns.
Untreated foam emits hydrogen cyanide gas, which causes reduced oxygen, and when combined with carbon monoxide, is deadly.
Just one breath of superheated toxic gas can completely incapacitate a person.
(Photo: AFP)
Around 60 people were rushed to six hospitals across London this morning and scores of people are still missing.
As debris continued to tumble from the building, one witness described seeing a "child on fire" jump from the 22nd floor as the blaze took hold.
Another, who lost friends in the inferno, broke down in tears during a TV interview and said: "We saw a lot. We saw a lot."
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: SWNS.com)
The last fire in London to claim more fatalities than Grenfell Tower was the Kings Cross London Underground blaze in 1987.
The cause of this morning's inferno is also still not known - as fire chiefs claimed the blaze was "unprecedented" in modern times, not least in terms of the speed it spread.
Workers in white overalls and suited men from funeral companies were spotted removing bodies from the scene in west London this afternoon.
Fire chiefs revealed they have made it to the top of the building - and have searched most of the flats but are now using drones because the tower's "structural integrity" is a concern.
They say they do not expect to find any more survivors at this stage.
(Photo: John Nguyen/JNVisuals)
(Photo: Rex Features)
Built in 1974, Grenfell Tower was recently refurbished at a cost of £8.6 million, with work completed in May last year.
Rydon, the firm that carried it out, said its work "met all required building control, fire regulation, and health and safety standards".
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said: "There will be a great many questions over the coming days as to the cause of this tragedy and I want to reassure Londoners that we will get all the answers."
Nick Paget-Brown, leader of Kensington and Chelsea Borough, said: "Clearly, looking further ahead there needs to be a full investigation into the cause of this fire, why it started and why it appears to have spread so rapidly."
The Metropolitan Police have set up a casualty bureau for anyone concerned about their friends and family on 0800 0961 233.
Pope Francis Suggests Translation Change To The Lord's Prayer Last week, Pope Francis weighed in on how the line "lead us not into temptation" in the Lord's Prayer might be improved. NPR's Robert Siegel speaks with Rev. James Martin, editor-at-large of America Magazine, about the translation changes Pope Francis has proposed.
Tuesday, April 24, 2018
BERKELEY, CALIFORNIA—A genetic mutation linked to shovel-shaped incisors may have had a more consequential impact on breastfeeding, according to a report in Science Magazine. Researchers led by Leslea Hlusko of the University of California-Berkeley suggest a genetic mutation that became prevalent among the ancestors of Native Americans some 20,000 years ago may have helped them survive the dark, cold Arctic climate of Beringia by enhancing mothers' milk ducts and increasing the amount of fat and vitamin D passed to infants. This gene is also linked to growth of thicker hair, increased development of sweat glands, and the shift to shovel-shaped incisors. The gene mutation is thought to have first occurred some 30,000 years ago in China, which had a hot, humid climate, leading researchers to speculate that the increased sweat glands offered a particular advantage. Hlusko says the shovel-shaped incisors seen in both East Asians and Native Americans were incidental to the benefits brought by natural selection through the sweat glands and improved infant nutrition. It had been previously thought that the shovel-shaped incisors themselves provided some sort of benefit to early Native Americans since their presence was widespread in known populations. For more, go to “Naia—the 13,000-Year-Old Native American.”
TROY, Ala. — Wesley Person scored 18 points, Jordon Varnado had 17 and Troy defeated rival South Alabama 80-63 on Saturday for the Trojans' first season sweep of the Jaguars since 2009-10.
Varnado added eight rebounds, four assists and three blocks while Person made four 3-pointers. Alex Hicks scored 14 points, B.J. Miller 13 and Kevin Baker had 11 points and 10 rebounds off the bench for their first career double. The Trojans (10-13, 4-6 Sun Belt) made 10 3-pointers.
Trhae Mitchell and Josh Ajayi scored 17 points apiece for South Alabama (11-12, 4-6) with Rodrick Sikes adding 12.
A 9-0 run with seven points from Miller late in the first half gave the Trojans the lead for good. Leading 61-53 with 8:35 remaining in the game, Troy used a 13-2 run to put the game away.
U.S. Marine Corps Brig. Gen. Thomas A. Gorry, President, Marine Corps University and Commanding General, Education Command, attends the Gen. Graves B. Erskine Distinguished Lecture Series at the Warner Center, Marine Corps University, Marine Corps Base Quantico, Va., Jan. 18, 2017. The series was established in February 1984 and was instrumental in the development of modern Marine Corps professional military education. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Yasmin D. Perez)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.18.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:08 Photo ID: 3167186 VIRIN: 170118-M-RG259-031 Resolution: 4928x3280 Size: 8.01 MB Location: QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, MCU ERSKINE LECTURE - WARNER CENTER [Image 1 of 6], by LCpl Yasmin Perez, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
WATERFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Waterford police are searching for the man believed to have left the scene of an accident on Tuesday afternoon.
The incident took place at the Waterford Walmart Supercenter where the suspect backed their red Ford Ranger into a vehicle and then left the scene.
According to witnesses, the truck has a Connecticut license plate numbered 326CYM. However, the plate does not trace back to the Ford Ranger.
Police describe the suspect as a white male who was wearing a yellow hat, a brown t-shirt, and shorts.
If you have information on the incident or the suspect, you are asked to contact Officer Sylvestre at 860-442-9451.
CLOSE Padua Academy students and parents demonstrated Monday in support of ousted principal Cindy Mann, whose sudden departure was announced Friday.
Buy Photo A sign outside of the St. Anthony's in the Hills in Avondale, Pa., said the property was closed to the public. The church is selling the 139-acre camp founded by the late Rev. Father Roberto Balducelli. (Photo: Patricia Talorico/The News Journal)Buy Photo
St. Anthony of Padua Catholic Church hopes to receive more than $1.3 million for the sale of 137.9 acres of property it owns off Limestone Road, near Avondale, Pennsylvania.
New Garden Township Board of Supervisors in December 2015 unanimously approved paying the church the money for what has long been known as St. Anthony in the Hills.
The church purchased the property 57 years ago for $52,000. Its mission as a camp was to foster educational, spiritual and physical enrichment to youth and families through facilities and programs, according to a 2014 tax form.
A hearing is being held at 7:30 p.m. Monday at the New Garden Township Municipal Building in Landenberg, Pennsylvania. The public is invited to comment on authorizing the expenditure from an Open Space Fund.
New Garden Township manager Tony Scheivert said Monday the sale price is now likely higher than the $1.3 million first suggested in 2015.
Scheivert said if an agreement of sale is reached, the plan is to turn the space into a public park.
They said St. Anthony's is currently planning to sell an additional 5.5 acres, across the road from St. Anthony's in the Hills, to another buyer.
Last month in a Pastor's Pastoral Plan Update inserted in church bulletins, St. Anthony's said the sale of the 5.5 acres was complete and a final settlement was pending. The buyer and sale price were not disclosed.
The finances of the parish, a part of Wilmington's Little Italy neighborhood since 1924, have been under scrutiny since the abrupt firing Friday of Padua Academy's head of school Cindy Mann.
Buy Photo The Rev. Father Balducelli says hi to a group of kids in the pool at St. Anthony in the Hills in 2010. (Photo: The News Journal/ROBERT CRAIG, The News Journal/ROBERT CRAIG)
The church, which owns the 64-year-old, all-girls Catholic high school on 905 N. Broom St., told families in a letter that Mann would no longer be serving as head of school. No reason was given.
The ouster of the popular Mann, whom many credits with helping the school flourish, has enraged parents and students. They began protesting outside of St. Anthony's church at Ninth and DuPont streets on Sunday, and even more crowds gathered Monday at Padua Academy.
St. Anthony's has said that 97 percent of Padua student families are not church parishioners. The church has a five-year "flight attendantship contribution" in place where the all-girls high school pays the parish $40,000 a year. The amount for 2017-2018 is $90,000. By 2021-2022, the fee would rise to $240,000.
Padua Academy and St. Anthony in the Hills had been the legacies of the late Rev. Roberto Balducelli.
The beloved pastor emeritus of St. Anthony's helped build Padua in 1954. In a 1978 News Journal interview, they called the school one of their "crowning achievements."
Upon their 1988 retirement, Balducelli spent decades carving out a sanctuary for city children and families at St. Anthony's in the Hills, just over the Delaware state line on tree-lined land formerly owned by Quakers.
The rural St. Anthony's in the Hills site has grown dormant since Balducelli's August 2013 death, 100 minutes before their 100th birthday.
Buy Photo The Rev. Roberto Balducelli is nuzzled by Carina, a deer they raised at St. Anthony's in the Hills, in June 1993. (Photo: Fred Comegys/The News Journal)
The popular crab feasts, attended by dozens of church parishioners at one of the pavilions near the Olympic-size swimming pool, which raised more than $46,000 according to a 2014 tax form, haven't been held there for several years.
Weeds and brush have grown over the miniature golf course. The metal nets of the basketball court are rusting. No longer are miniature ponies, geese, peacocks, pet fawns or goats grazing on grass or in the animal pens that the Italian-born priest helped weld.
A sign this past summer outside the bucolic property read that St. Anthony in the Hills was closed to the public for the 2017 season.
The Rev. Nicholas R. Waseline, pastor of St. Anthony's parish told The News Journal in a phone interview this past summer, that they didn't know when, or if, the property would reopen to the public.
"We're asking ourselves that. Right now, it's a project under study. We're considering our options."
Waseline said for some time a group of church organizers have been talking about the land and what to do with it.
"Father Robert was the spearhead," they said. Since Balducelli's death more than four years ago, everything has stalled.
Balducelli, an Italian-born priest with the Oblate of St Francis de Sales order, was a lifelong hard worker and builder. They helped build the St. Anthony's Church community and Padua Academy, sometimes with their own hands.
Balducelli didn't think twice about climbing scaffolding when working on projects, sometimes wearing work boots under their vestments. They once performed a wedding with a piece of plaster on their forehead.
A humble man with larger-than-life dreams and ideas that they often made come true, Balducelli had deep connections with men of power and wealth and could often wheedle money and supplies from their companies and corporations.
They traveled to Rome to meet Pope John Paul II with former Vice President Joe Biden, then a Delaware senator, along with then Sen. Minority Leader Howard Baker. They officiated the wedding of Mike Castle, Delaware's former governor and member of congress, and their wife, Jane.
"Every once and a while someone comes along in a community that literally transforms a community – and that's exactly what Father Roberto Balducelli did," Biden said in a White House audio interview in 2013, shortly after Balducelli's death.
Some of the state's best known builders helped Balducelli with their various projects. They were known to "borrow" equipment from Italian-owned construction companies. The priest also coordinated volunteer labor to get the jobs completed.
O. Francis Biondi, Balducelli's longtime lawyer, once joked at a 1994 roast for the Catholic priest, attended by Biden and others, that the priest's memoirs should be a take on Donald Trump's book "The Art of the Deal."
"But theirs would be 'Listen, Donald, Let Me Show You A Real Deal,' " Biondi said, laughing.
Buy Photo A 2010 photo of Father Roberto Balducelli at St. Anthony in the Hills (Photo: The News Journal/ROBERT CRAIG, The News Journal/ROBERT CRAIG)
Balducelli was introduced to the St. Anthony's in the Hills property by the late developer Frank Robino.
The camp opened in 1983 and, at that time, about 150 children enjoyed it for 10 weeks at a time.
But the site grew expensive to maintain and many of Balducelli's previous benefactors have died.
Contact Patricia Talorico at (302) 324-2861 or ptalorico@delawareonline.com and on Twitter @pattytalorico
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/2018/03/19/st-anthonys-looking-1-3-million-sale-avondale-property/437790002/
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ever since Love Island came off our screens in August viewers have been pining for a worthy replacement.
But the thirst for sun, sea and beautiful people is about to be quenched as the makers of the hit ITV2 show are back with a new format that promises to be every bit as addictive.
Survival of the Fittest, will see a group of hot singles living together in the The South African Savannah as they take part in what's billed as the ultimate battle of the sexes.
And fans of the original series will be pleased to know the new version commences next week.
(Image: PA)
The show, which will kick off Sunday 11 February at 9pm on ITV2 is already shaping up to be a huge rating hit.
Georgia Toffolo's ex boyfriend James Middleton is one of the first rumoured islanders, according to The Sun.
While Laura Whitmore will host proceedings.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Instagram)
As the competition heats up contestants will be offered romantic dates with their rivals, testing their team loyalties to the absolute limit.
The eventual winners will come away with a huge cash prize, but will temptation get in the way?
Viewers will have the power to decide who stays in the competition and who goes home - and which sex ultimately comes out on top.
Head of Digital Channels and Acquisitions, Paul Mortimer said: "ITV2's younger audience will no doubt relish the escapism this immersive physical game show from sunny South Africa will provide next winter.
"Like Love Island before it, this series' nightly mixture of fun challenges and burgeoning relationships ought to be must see.”
(Image: ITV/Rex)
Love Island became ITV2's runaway hit when it aired in May, achieving record breaking viewer figures.
Viewers tuned in their millions to get a nightly glimpse of the antics of Kem Cetinay , Amber Davies , Chris Hughes and show.
The stars went on to become overnight celebrities since leaving the villa with TV presenting spots, clothing lines and modelling campaigns all boosting their income.
Distel washed the mud caked to the outside of the giant shipworm shell and tapped off the outer cap to reveal the long black creature living inside.
Researchers confirmed that, as they had suspected, the giant shipworm was "radically different" from other wood-eating shipworms. Unlike the regular shipworm, which burrows deep into the wood of trees washed into the ocean and digests it, the giant shipworm makes its home in foul-smelling mud.
The truth behind the centuries-old legend of the giant shipworm has finally been confirmed by scientists, who got up close and personal with the elusive, sulfur-feasting creature for the first time.A team of international researchers examined the first living giant shipworm in the Philippines, throwing some light on the mysterious Kuphus polythalamia species - the longest bivalve mollusc in the world, reaching up to 5 feet (1.52 meters) in length.The bizarre-looking animal, encased in a tusk-like shell, may be the stuff of nightmares for many, but its discovery offers scientists a unique opportunity to unravel the secrets of the rare specimen.The shells are fairly common, but we have never had access to the animal living inside," lead investigator and director of the Ocean Genome Legacy Center at Northeastern University, Daniel Distel said "Being present for the first encounter of an animal like this is the closest I will ever get to being a 19th-century naturalist," said Margo Haygood, study author and research professor in medicinal chemistry at the University of Utah College of Pharmacy.The study, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , came about after the team watched a documentary that aired on Philippines television showing the creatures in their natural habitat - the mud of a shallow lagoon.Taking this as their lead, the researchers launched an expedition which resulted in the incredible find of a live specimen of the Kuphus polythalamia.The mud emits 'rotten egg gas', hydrogen sulfide, which is used by bacteria in the giant shipworm's gills as energy to produce organic carbon for feeding the animal."We are also interested to see if similar transitions can be found for other animals that live in unique habitats around the world," said Distel.
Andrew Sean Greer comes home for their Pulitzer Prize — and stays
Photo: Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Andrew Sean Greer, winner of the Pulitzer Prize for fiction for their novel “Less.” Andrew Sean Greer, winner of the Pulitzer Prize for fiction for their novel “Less.” Photo: Liz Hafalia / The Chronicle Image 2 of 2 “Less” “Less” Photo: Back Bay Books Andrew Sean Greer comes home for their Pulitzer Prize — and stays 1 / 2 Back to Gallery
Unlucky in love — and not faring so well with readers, either — mid-list, middle-aged novelist Arthur Less flees home, searching for solace on a shameless, I'll-accept-any-book-related-invitation tour of the world.
That's the fate that befalls the character at the heart of Andrew Sean Greer's hilarious and affectionate novel, “Less.”
Thankfully, Greer hasn't had it so bad himself.
In April, Greer's sixth book won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction. The author heard the news while in Tuscany, where they had been dividing their time, running a writers' residency, for the past two years. The award suddenly gave them the freedom to come home to San Francisco for good.
“Now I have a chance for a few years to be a writer,” they said in a podcast interview with The Chronicle, a couple days after returning to the U.S. “You have to give up Tuscany to be a writer.”
“Less” came out in paperback May 22, just a week before Greer received their Pulitzer at a ceremony in New York City.
Somewhere, Arthur Less is smiling.
John McMurtrie is The San Francisco Chronicle's book editor. Email: jmcmurtrie@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @McMurtrieSF
A DUI offender, who led officers on a pursuit, is now wanted after leaving a hospital's care.
Officers pursued 36-year-old Steven Summers II last Monday afternoon after police dispatch received multiple calls about a possible impaired driver. Officers spotted Summers on Lebanon Road near Nonaville Road, and said it was obvious that they were impaired.
Summers failed to stop and led officers on a short pursuit. While in pursuit, Summers would lose and regain consciousness multiple times while the vehicle continued in motion. They were taken into custody on Williamsburg Road after losing consciousness with the vehicle still in drive.
Due to Summers' impaired state and self-inflicted injuries, they were transported to the Tennova Healthcare emergency room in Lebanon. While they were under their care and not fully conscious, a court order was provided to the hospital, requiring them to immediately notify the department if Summers was to be released. While still receiving care, they removed the medical equipment attached to him, and ran away from the hospital Tuesday night, May 22, around 10:30 p.m.
Summers is wanted for Driving Under the Influence – 7th Offense, Felony Evading, Reckless Driving, Reckless Endangerment, Resisting Arrest, Driving on a Revoked Drivers License – 5th Offense, Leaving the Scene of a Non-Injury Crash, and Driving While a Habitual Offender.
Attempts to find Summers have been unsuccessful, and it is believed they were last known to be in the Smyrna area. Anyone with any information about Summers' whereabouts are encouraged to call the Mt. Juliet Police Department at (615) 754-2550. A $1,000 reward is being offered for information leading to the successful apprehension of Summers. Information can also be given anonymously by calling (615) 754-TIPS (8477) or via the Mt. Juliet Police Department website at http://www.mjpd.org/ .
New Delhi: In what could be the first big smartphone launch of the year, South Korean giant Samsung is likely to launch the Galaxy S8 as early as in February.
While rumours have been doing the round, it is yet to be confirmed about the launch of the Samsung Galaxy S8. However, with major mobile companies unveiling or launching a new handset at the Mobile World Congress every year in February-March, it is expected that Samsung will launch a new device and it could be the Galaxy S8.
Moreover, if the Samsung Galaxy S8 be launched, the company is likely to do away with the 3.5mm audio jack and instead come up with a wireless Airpod similar to that of Apple iPhone 7.
Launch Date:
If at all, the Samsung Galaxy S8 is likely to be unveiled/launched during the Mobile World Congress (MWC) 2017 which will be held from February 27 to March 2, 2017 in Barcelona.
Besides the event launch dates organised by companies such as the Apple Event in September(s), Mobile World Congress is the world's largest gathering for the mobile industry, organised by the GSMA and held in the Mobile World Capital Barcelona.
Airpods:
Rumour has it that Samsung will do away with the 3.5-mm audio jack in the new Galaxy S8.
Currently, Samsung has the Gear IconX, the wireless Bluetooth earbuds, which is basically a music box but also tracks ones physical fitness.
According to reports inSamMobile, the South Korean company will launch a new pair of wireless earbuds alongside the Galaxy S8 which is believed to be the new Airpods, in line with that of Apple Airpods.
Specs:
According to various reports, the Samsung Galaxy S8 will come with a 4K screen, dual-lens cameras, 6GB of RAM and even a 30-megapixel camera.
Reports also suggest that the new Samsung Galaxy phone will come with a 4,200 mAh battery that would give a 24 hours life even on solid usage.
SamMobile reports that the S8 may include an Exynos 8895 processor coupled with a Mali-G71 GPU. This means the new phone will be up to 1.8 times more powerful than the already-impressive Galaxy S7.
Price:
Price has always played an important role while new devices are launch as they determine a major on the success of the phone. So, considering that, the Samsung Galaxy S8 is likely to be priced almost the same at the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge.
Currently, the 32GB S7 comes in at £569 whilst the slightly larger S7 edge is £639. So, it is very likely that the new Samsung Galaxy S8 will be priced far from this, if not for 64GB and 128GB variant.
WATERLOO REGION — It bothers public school trustee John Hendry that Catholic elementary schools have enrolled almost 1,000 students who aren't Catholic.
He's revived their call to end taxpayer funding for Roman Catholic schools, citing duplicated spending, the blurring of church and state, and an ailing Catholic education system.
"If the Catholic board can't sustain itself on its own students … then maybe this is the time they should look at collapsing that into one publicly funded system and accommodate Roman Catholic students within it," said Hendry, of the Waterloo Region District School Board.
The Waterloo Catholic District School Board argues that pressing for its elimination wastes time and energy and would cost taxpayers more, not less.
"It would also unleash a period of great upheaval for students, parents, teachers and administrators right across Ontario," spokesperson John Shewchuk said in a statement. "It would irreparably harm, not improve, Ontario's education system."
Hendry understands he's playing a long game, seeing no current appetite to end Catholic school funding among mainstream political parties.
"You've got Catholic voters so you're not gong to try to offend them," they said. "But I think the reality is over time, things change and they're going to see that's the only option that makes sense."
The Catholic board has enrolled 970 non-Catholic elementary students at the request of parents. Before 2015 the board taught fewer than 150 non-Catholic students, mostly from blended families that wanted their children in the same school.
About one in 16 elementary students is now non-Catholic, meaning each classroom on average has one or more students from outside the faith.
This growth has helped the board recover from losing 2,953 elementary students between 2005 and 2014. Declining enrolment emptied classrooms and stripped millions in government funding. Trustees warned teachers to brace for pink slips.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jamaal Lascelles claims Newcastle have silenced the critics who dismissed them as “just a Championship team”.
Newcastle were written off because of their lack of investment in new players and Lascelles is delighted they have proved the doubters wrong by climbing into the top 10.
The Toon skipper is proud of their campaign, even though their four-match winning streak ended in defeat to Everton on Monday.
“I'm always going to be disappointed in defeat,” said Lascelles. “But at the same time I'm over the moon with how we've been this year.
“Everton have spent a lot of money and they've got some real good players in their team.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
“Monday's game could have gone either way so the same people who were saying we were just a Championship team see we're now looking up to push on and catch the likes of Everton and Leicester.
“I'm pleased we can say we're not a Championship team.”
(Image: Newcastle United via Getty Images)
Lascelles claims Newcastle will still target Everton, even though they have slipped four points behind them.
“We've lost, but there's no reason why it should dent our confidence at all,” they said. “We're still in a great position and we're still on the toes of Everton.
“There's no reason why we can't catch them. We just need to make sure we take care of our next game.”
A man police identified as Minassian's father was in court. When asked if they had a statement to offer to the victims' families, they simply replied "I'm sorry."
Little is known about Minassian, but the Canadian Armed Forces said they served a brief stint as a recruit from late August to late October 2017.
A source with the military told The Canadian Press that Minassian did not receive any weapons training and was assessed as a below-average recruit. The source noted that there were no red flags to suggest something like the van incident Minassian is accused in was coming.
Toronto police homicide Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson offered few details about Minassian's activities before their alleged attack, but said the van involved was rented from just north of the city shortly before the incident.
Gibson also made note of a largely incoherent, widely circulated Facebook post on Minassian's account.
The post openly praises Elliot Rodger, a man who killed six people and then themselves at the University of California in 2014. The post also references involuntary celibacy, colloquially referred to as "incel."
"The accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before they began driving the rented van," Gibson said at a news conference. "It's something that we'll take into account."
Ontario's Chief Coroner Dirk Huyer said investigators had yet to formally identify those killed, citing the complexity of the investigation and the size of the crime scene, which spans nearly a kilometre along one of Toronto's busiest streets.
"We're always balancing the need to know and the desire to know quickly to ensure that we have 100 per cent accuracy," they said. "That takes time and that time can be very frustrating."
But identities began to emerge from other quarters.
Tennis Canada said long-time volunteer Anne Marie D'Amico was among those killed. They worked at Invesco Canada, a U.S.-based investment firm with offices close to the crime scene.
D'Amico was a cheerful and familiar presence at the Rogers Cup tournament, where they started volunteering at age 12, said Gavin Ziv, Tennis Canada's vice-president of national events.
"She was a really friendly, warm person...always caring for other people ahead of herself," they said.
Seneca College said another one of the victims was a female student, but didn't offer further details.
A South Korean news agency said two unnamed Korean nationals were also among those killed. And Jordan's state-run Petra news agency said one of that country's citizens, Munair Najjar, who was in Toronto visiting relatives, also died in the attack.
Throughout the day, tributes poured in from politicians at home and farther afield.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who noted there's no evidence to suggest there was a "national security element" to the incident, called the attack "senseless" and "horrific."
"The entire community of Toronto has shown strength and determination in the face of this tragedy," Trudeau said. "All Canadians stand united with Toronto today."
Toronto Mayor John Tory said the city will recover.
"Toronto was a great city yesterday, it is a great city today and it will be a great city tomorrow," they said. "The people who call this city home are shaken right now but we are not broken and we will not be broken."
Tory said the city is establishing a fund the victims and their families. Dubbed #TorontoStrong, it builds upon a previous crowd-funding effort that had already raised nearly $100,000.
Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said the force is continuing to investigate, adding hotlines have been established for collecting public tips and offering support to those who need it.
"Community safety is not just a matter of saving lives, it's a matter of well-being," they said. "I don't want people walking away thinking, 'I need help but I can't afford it,' or 'I need help but I wasn't part of this investigation.'"
For at least one of the mourners, the safety of the city they now calls home had not been compromised by Monday's events.
"This was a one-off situation," said Andrew, who calls the Yonge and Finch area home. "I wouldn't feel unsafe. This is Toronto, this is Canada. We love each other here."
— With files from Maija Kappler and Liam Casey
By Michelle McQuigge, The Canadian Press
The downfall of Sherry Cook, who announced their resignation as executive director of the Texas Alcoholic Beverage Commission on Monday, began with an illustration TABC staff created — during work hours, on work computers, with input from senior staff — to commemorate a work trip to California.
TABC chief announces departure amid spending scandal https://t.co/TVErQR8pjC pic.twitter.com/bkiSl3KSlB — Austin Statesman (@statesman) April 18, 2017
Cook is the TABC official on the left holding up a bottle of Lone Star, shouting "Woo Hoo!!!" In late March, Jay Root at The Texas Tribune uncovered the illustration while reporting that Cook and other top leaders of the Texas alcohol licensing and regulatory commission had spent at least $85,000 since 2011 on out-of-state travel, largely to meetings of the National Conference of State Liquor Administrators (NCSLA) in posh hotels in places like Hawaii, Florida, and that $8,000 trip to San Diego. The Texas Tribune report led to a hearing last week before the Texas House ethics committee at which Cook and other TABC leaders were grilled about their use of taxpayer funds.
NCSLA is a trade group primarily financed by the liquor industry, and it also kicked in funds for the TABC travel, as well as paying for the open bar at its conferences. TABC officials told The Texas Tribune that the conferences are necessary to network and keep abreast of what other states are doing in alcohol regulation, but critics call the alcohol-fueled NCSLA junkets a way for the beer and liquor industry to maintain control of Texas' sometimes arcane alcohol regulations. "The TABC is ... not protecting the consumer," said Howard Wolf, a lawyer in Austin. "It's not protecting the taxpayer. It's protecting these very wealthy industry companies that own and dominate the industry."
Cook, 57, has worked at TABC since 2006 and held the top job since 2012. They painted their departure as a retirement, effective May 23. Peter Weber
New Delhi: Former Pakistan T20 skipper Shahid Afridi has wished India on its 70th Independence Day and called for peace, tolerance and love between the two nations as there was "no way to change neighbours".
"Happy Independence Day India! No way to change neighbours, let`s work towards peace, tolerance and love. Let humanity prevail.# HopeNotOut," tweeted Afridi.
Every year, the Asian neighbours celebrate their Independence Days within a gap of 24 hours of each other.
While Pakistan celebrated its Independence Day on Monday, India is all geared up to celebrate its 70th Independence Day on Tuesday.
Both the countries have witnessed several wars and conflicts in the past 70 years of their relationship.And in recent times, the relationship between the two nations has turned sour amid continuous ceasefire violations and terror attacks from the Pakistani side.
As Wife Of Pulse Nightclub Shooter Faces Federal Charges, A Look At Their Relationship
Noor Salman, the widow of Pulse nightclub shooter Omar Mateen, is facing charges of obstructing justice and providing material support to terrorists. Author Rachel Louise Snyder has been covering the trial for The New Yorker, and shares some of their reporting on Salman and their abusive relationship with Mateen.
AILSA CHANG, HOST:
In a courtroom in Florida, Noor Salman is on trial for obstruction of justice and supporting a terrorist organization.  They are the wife of the man who on June 12, 2016, walked into Pulse nightclub in Orlando and killed 49 people. Salman faces life in prison if convicted. And the writer Rachel Louise Snyder has been following their trial for The New Yorker. They have talked to Salman's family and defense team. And a warning to our listeners - our conversation includes graphic descriptions of domestic abuse. I began by asking Snyder about the link between domestic violence and mass shootings.
RACHEL LOUISE SNYDER: The gun control advocacy group Everytown for Gun Safety in fact did a study of mass shootings in America, which is four or more people, between 2008 and 2012 and found that more than half of them had been perpetrated by men who had had domestic violence in their background. We're talking...
CHANG: Right.
SNYDER: ...About a very small subset. But in the case of someone like Omar Mateen or Devin Patrick Kelley from Sutherland Springs, Texas - you know, the church shooting not too long ago - they were very extreme cases of violence.
CHANG: What was the abuse that Noor Salman allegedly suffered at the hands of Omar Mateen?
SNYDER: Well, more specifics will come out in the trial when the defense presents their case. But what I've been told, Noor Salman was strangled. They were beaten while pregnant, had forced sex, otherwise known as rape of course. And all of their daily activities were controlled. They didn't drive a car until they were 30. They were given $20 a week in allowance money from him. They were isolated from their family. Them family all lived in California, and once they married, they moved to Florida and didn't see them again until after the Pulse shooting.
CHANG: How much do you think the violence in their marriage will play into the defense's theory as to why they shouldn't take as much responsibility for not alerting authorities?
SNYDER: Certainly it will be a big part of it, and it should be a big part of it. I don't have a sense of whether or not that level of detail is going to be included in the defense. I think what's more relevant to them is, look; here's a guy who was cleared by the FBI in 2013 with all of the, you know, training that they have and the technology. How is this uneducated, abused, sort of powerless person going to be able to see and put these dots together?
CHANG: But, I mean, at the end of the day, if Salman knew that their husband was a threat and still didn't alert anyone, why shouldn't they bear some responsibility under the law for the fact that they could have contributed to the deaths of 49 people?
SNYDER: Well, that's certainly what the prosecution is trying to prove, and that's certainly what the indictments are about. In fact, the prosecution in court documents wrote that a, quote, "culpable aider and abettor need not perform the substantive offense, need not fully know of its details and need not even be present," end quote. So that is I think in some ways the most damning statement for the defense in terms of how they're going to present them
But I think what they would say is they certainly knew they were a threat, but they believed that the threat was toward them And when the shooting first happened and their family in California first heard about it - because of course they heard about it three hours earlier than many of us on the East Coast - they believed that they were probably their first victim.
CHANG: Rachel Louise Snyder is covering the trial of Noor Salman for The New Yorker. Them forthcoming book about the trial and domestic violence is called "No Visible Bruises." Thank you very much for coming in today.
SNYDER: Thank you for having me.
(SOUNDBITE OF JASON ISBELL AND THE 400 UNIT SONG, "SAVE IT FOR SUNDAY")
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
New Evacuations As California Fires Continue California fires are spreading to the coast, threatening the suburbs of Santa Barbara. We have the latest on the high-speed winds that are fanning the flames.
Cara Delevingne felt "strong and liberated" when they shaved their head.
The 25-year-old model-and-actor admits they have taken some "risks" with their appearance that could have impacted on their career, but they stand by their bold choices.
They said: "Some would say my tattoos are a risk but they all have such a special meaning to me.
"Also shaving my head, but I have never felt so strong and so liberated for doing something that seemed so scary."
The 'Paper Towns' actor loves taking risks and is constantly on the hunt for the next thing they can find to challenge herself.
They told Grazia magazine: "I think taking risks and pushing the envelope have been a huge part of my life so far.
"I don't like to stay in one place for too long.
"I'm constantly looking for the next challenge and to better myself.
"Keep asking questions, finding the truth, connecting with people in a deep way and trying to spread joy as much as possible."
And Cara - who was previously in a relationship with singer St. Vincent and has been romantically linked with the likes of Paris Jackson, Harry Styles and Michelle Rodriguez - always tries to "live in every moment" and never takes anything in their life for granted.
FILE - In this March 9, 2017 file photo, Dr. Garen Wintemute, an emergency room physician at the University of California, Davis, Medical Center, shows the website of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, on a computer in the hospital in Sacramento, Calif. Gun deaths have fallen in California over a 16 year period ending in 2015, driven largely by a decline of African-American homicide victims, a recent and rare scientific study of firearm violence found. Researchers at the University of California, Davis published their findings in the May issue of Annals of Epidemiology after reviewing the 50,921 firearm deaths recorded in California between 2000 and 2015. The researchers said it's the first such deep analysis of California gun deaths in 30 years. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File)
FILE - In this March 9, 2017 file photo, Dr. Garen Wintemute, an emergency room physician at the University of California, Davis, Medical Center, shows the website of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, on a computer in the hospital in Sacramento, Calif. Gun deaths have fallen in California over a 16 year period ending in 2015, driven largely by a decline of African-American homicide victims, a recent and rare scientific study of firearm violence found. Researchers at the University of California, Davis published their findings in the May issue of Annals of Epidemiology after reviewing the 50,921 firearm deaths recorded in California between 2000 and 2015. The researchers said it's the first such deep analysis of California gun deaths in 30 years. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File)
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) - Gun deaths have fallen in California over a 16-year period ending in 2015, driven largely by a decline in gang violence and black homicides a recent and rare scientific study of firearm violence has found.
Researchers at the University of California, Davis published their findings in the May issue of the journal Annals of Epidemiology after reviewing 50,921 firearm deaths recorded in California between 2000 and 2015. The University provided the study results on Monday.
The report found 24,922 firearm homicides during that period and 23,682 suicides by gun. Researchers say the number of firearm homicides dropped from 4.19 per 100,000 people in 2000 to a low of 3.13 per 100,000 in 2014 before ticking up slightly in 2015.
Researcher Veronica Pear attributed the decline in gun homicides to a reduction of gang violence, particularly in Los Angeles County.
The study also showed a big drop in the number of black men being killed by guns.
Pear said the number of gun homicides of black men dropped 32 percent from the peak in 2005 at 47 per 100,000 people to 31 per 100,000 in 2015. The homicide rate for Hispanic men was 6.7 per 100,000 in 2015, a 38 percent decline from its peak of 10.8 per 100,000 in 2005.
The homicide rate of White and Asian men held steady throughout the period at roughly the same level of roughly 3 homicides per 100,000 annualy.
Pear said they hope the new research will be used by others studying the cause and effects of gun violence.
"We also hope it can serve as a template for researchers in other states to create similar profiles," they said.
For the last 30 years, the federal government has largely abandoned gun-violence studies after the National Rifle Association prevailed on Congress to significantly restrict funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevent to do the research. The NRA said it does not oppose gun research but is against research that it calls biased, flimsy or aimed at advocacy.
A few private foundations and California have recently stepped up funding of gun violence studies. California became the first state to publicly support the research when lawmakers voted to fund U.C. Davis' Violence Prevention Research Program with $5 million over five years.
The Kaiser Permanente health care consortium announced earlier this month it would spend $2 million to study gun violence among its 12 million members.
The Perplexing Psychology Of Saving For Health Care
Enlarge this image toggle caption Oivind Hovland/Ikon Images/Getty Images Oivind Hovland/Ikon Images/Getty Images
Spending your own money on health care might mean that you'll be more frugal with it. That's the theory behind health savings accounts, a decades-old GOP concept that's sparking renewed interest on Capitol Hill as Republican lawmakers look for ways to replace the Affordable Care Act.
HSAs are like personal savings accounts — with a difference. As with a retirement account, money put into an HSA can be invested, and any growth in the fund accumulates tax-free. Withdrawals can be made at any time, and they are tax-free, too — but the money can only be used to pay for certain medical expenses, such as health insurance deductibles, or for copays for hospital care or a visit to the doctor.
Currently, HSAs are only available to people who have high-deductible health plans, meaning they usually pay a few thousand dollars for medical care each year before their insurance kicks in to pay its share. While HSA participation is growing, only about 20 million people out of the 176 million who have health insurance participate in these savings accounts, according to a 2015 report by the Association of Health Insurance Plans.
Why don't more people who are eligible for HSAs have them? For one thing, not everyone has money to contribute upfront. But psychologists and behavioral economists point out that even many people who have the extra cash on hand confront big psychological barriers to saving.
"How we think and feel is directly tied to our ability to make 'good' financial decisions," says Alycia DeGraff, a board member and secretary of the Financial Therapy Association. DeGraff says when faced with financial decisions about the future, many people simply get stressed-out.
"These stressors can become so overwhelming that ... we can become debilitated and ignore the situation all together," they say. "Or we can practice any kind of defense mechanism — entitlement, suppression, overcompensation, isolation, etc. — to try and deal with [it]."
This may explain, at least in part, why middle-class Americans are pretty bad at saving money in general. Only about half of us have money in any sort of retirement account. And those of us who are parents have only saved, on average, enough to pay for about one year at an in-state college for our kids.
Saving money is hard. It means setting aside what we want now for something we think we'll want or need later. And we live in a culture that offers a lot of pretty, shiny, things to buy RIGHT NOW.
Plus, we all pretend we won't get old or sick.
"People are predictably irrational," says Dr. Mitesh Patel, especially when it comes to money. He's a behavioral economist, physician and assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania's Perelman School of Medicine.
But many of us really hate to lose money, Patel says, which is what makes the concept of HSAs is so appealing.
For example they and their colleagues published a study last year in the Annals of Internal Medicine on what motivates people to lose weight, and found that the way a financial incentive was framed made all the difference.
The researchers observed three groups of people for 13 weeks. They told one group to walk 7,000 steps a day. About 30 percent of the group did so. Meanwhile, people assigned to the second group were told they'd be paid $1.40 every day they walked 7,000 steps. About 35 percent of the second group did so.
Here's the kicker: Each person in the third group was paid $42 upfront and was docked $1.40 each time they failed to meet their goal. Forty-five percent of that group met the assigned goal, Patel says. People hate to lose money.
Another way to encourage more saving might be to make HSAs operate more like the 401(k)s that required people who didn't want to participate to actively opt out of the plan — rather than requiring people who want to contribute to opt in. "This creates a path of the least resistance," Patel says.
Of course, setting up and overseeing such a plan would likely cost the government some money, they note.
People with HSAs do use less health care than those without such plans, a recent study from the Employee Benefits Research Institute suggests. But it's unclear whether they actually improve their health. Prescription drug costs went down for people enrolled in HSAs in the EBRI study, but emergency room visits went up — particularly for lower-income families.
Then there's the issue of figuring out how much you, as an individual or a family, would need to save for health care — it's not easy to find out the average price for a medical test or procedure in your town, let alone how much that price varies from doctor to doctor or hospital to hospital.
"If you want to save for a house, you can pretty much figure out the math," Patel says. "But if you go to a doctor, they don't give you a menu for prices."
To really increase their health savings — or any savings — we'd all need to change our mindset, says Degraff, the financial therapist.
"People would have to first take a dose of reality and get real about their future selves," they say. Naturally, we thing our future selves will be "better, healthier, more financially secure," they add. But, for many of us, health and income eventually decline with age. We need to save more now for later.
HSAs can be useful, Degraff notes, but only for those who have enough cash to pay their day-to-day expenses — plus a little left over.
"A lot of people don't even have a regular emergency fund savings," DeGraff says, "especially those that are already struggling to pay for health insurance."
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says they showed they can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
3:13 Dalworthington Gardens mayor responds to questions about Bill Waybourn
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
WWE News: Natalya on how they were treated backstage following their move to the Raw brand
The former SmackDown Women's Champion opens up on their draft to the Raw brand.
Soumik Datta ANALYST News 30 May 2018, 18:02 IST 511 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Natalya
What's the story?
Monday Night Raw superstar Natalya recently opened up on their Calgary Sun column regarding how they were treated backstage following their jump to the red brand of Monday Night Raw from SmackDown Live.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
In case you didn't know…
Earlier in the year, former SmackDown Live Women's Champion Natalya was drafted over to the red brand of Monday Night Raw as part of the 2018 WWE Superstar Shake-up.
Following their draft to Raw, Nattie instantly became a fan favourite and on their first night on the red brand, the former WWE Divas Champion earned a huge win over Mandy Rose.
However, following that match, Nattie was subsequently attacked by both Rose and their Absolution teammate Sonya Deville, before Ronda Rousey came to the rescue and saved Natalya.
The heart of the matter
In their latest Calgary Sun column read, WWE veteran Natalya noted that former Raw Women Champions Sasha Banks and Bayley welcomed Nattie to the Raw brand in a very humble and gentle manner and treated them with all the respect that they deserve.
''They went above and beyond to welcome me into the Raw locker room and to show me such respect. They are not only great friends, but good people, Bayley truly makes every hug count and trust me, I never take them for granted. I have also loved collaborating with Sasha on our matches.
 They are so creative and really loves competing in the ring. They have a very unique style that makes me really appreciate them as a tag partner, but also makes me excited about competing against them in the future. Oh, the magic we can make."- Nattie wrote.
What's next?
Natalya is currently slated to compete at the upcoming Women's Money in the Bank ladder match on the 17th of June at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brazil were in training at Tottenham on Wednesday ahead of this weekend's World Cup warm-up match with Croatia at Anfield.
Roberto Firmino, Neymar, Willian and Philippe Coutinho were among the stars who graced the pitches in north London, as the squad stepped up their training going into the finals in June.
Firmino spoke out ahead of the session preparing them for Sunday's friendly, and voiced their delight in getting the opportunity to represent their nation on Merseyside.
"It will be something unique to play at Anfield together with all Liverpool's fans," the Brazilian told liverpoolfc.com. "It's a great stadium with a lovely pitch. It will be a fantastic atmosphere.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: AFP)
"It will be a huge pleasure for me to play at home because this is my home, so it will be a unique moment."
Neymar has recently recovered from an injury, which saw them miss a lot of their debut campaign with Paris Saint-Germain last season.
Speaking in a press conference, the Brazilian, who was all smiles in Tottenham on Wednesday, said: "I'm not yet at 100 per cent.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur FC via Getty Images)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"That will come with time. I'm still a bit scared of going all out, but there are still several days before our start.
"I feel good physically. My foot is fine. Of course I have to adjust to certain things. I'm feeling a bit of discomfort but it's not going to stop me from playing."
Marijuana consumption is a global phenomenon — nationwide, more states are choosing to cross over into the land of the free each year. But, in Denver, something has been materializing in the city's cannabis culture that is truly unique. Enter DotDotDot, a new event that succeeds in providing a safe and enjoyable place to smoke, drink and eat your way towards elevation. Joint trays, medicated food, an open bar and great music from some of the best local talent provided the backdrop, and while weed was important, the true magic of the party was its ability to present a space where — despite its omnipresence — marijuana was not the central focus. DotDotDot may have achieved the goal of providing the most distinctly Denver party on the market — successfully capturing the unmistakable essence of a city on the rise.
All cities have character. The obvious flavor of metropolises like New York and Los Angeles is immediately evident in their people, cultural exports and nightlife. Until recently Denver has not been a major player. Fortunately, this is changing quickly. Assisted by legalization and promoted by the innovative and talented, the city is growing dramatically in size but more importantly in creative output. Denver is becoming a place of distinction in food, drink and particularly music. It was this exceptional sense of homegrown pride that filled the covered rooftop of South Broadway's The Metlo at DotDotDot's inaugural event.
Organized by local legend DJ Low Key — whose contributions to the scene include Meadowlark staples The Solution and Goodness — and marijuana culture website GetEmHigh's co-founder and generally bad dude Nick Torres, the opening party managed to succeed despite unforeseen setbacks. Scheduled for September 23, the rooftop party was met with the first and rainiest day of the two-week cold front that officially introduced fall to the front range. Regardless of the unexpected chill, attendance at the private, invite-only affair was impressive — fresh dressed attendees danced from start to finish, punctuated only by the distribution of joints and medicated cheesecake. Performances from CRL CRRLL, Sur Ellz, Sedrick Ave, KS107.5's own DJ Sounds Supreme and — of course — DJ Low Key highlighted the performers' great taste and originality. Cannabis Queen teriyaki bison jerky and medicated empanadas were both delicious and effective.
The opening event laid the groundwork for things to come. The commitment to excellent music and vibe curation will surely continue, with a greater focus on a more formal family-style meal hopefully arriving at the next event. While the next event does not have a set date, Torres assured that one will pop up in the next couple months. For more information on how to get an invite check out GetEmHigh or Low Key's website.
As the party winded down, those in attendance could not help feel the incredible awareness that is popping up more and more in our young city — the sense that we have arrived.
All photography courtesy of Armando Geneyro.
Police are looking for witnesses after receiving numerous 911 calls reporting shots fired on St. Claire Avenue Monday night.
They were called to the street near Baseline Road and Clyde Avenue at about 10:30 p.m. and found shell casings but no victims or suspects.
A vehicle or vehicles may have been involved.
Anyone with information can contact west district investigators at 613-236-1222, ext. 2166.
Mariah Carey was the headline act on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve special, broadcast live on ABC from New York City's Times Square, and their short performance did not go well. After stumbling through part of a pre-recorded track, Carey joked and talked through the rest of their set, at one point encouraging the audience to sing "Emotions." A Carey representative, Nicole Perna, said that Carey's earpiece wasn't working and blamed Dick Clark Productions, which runs the annual broadcast, for the debacle.
Carey "was not winging this moment and took it very seriously," Perna told Billboard. "A shame that production set them up to fail." Perna added that Dick Clark Productions promised to fix the problem with the earpiece before Carey took the stage, but instead "they went live." Carey's manager, Stella Bulochnikov, said they called DCP's Mark Shimmel after the performance, and rejected their suggestion they issue a joint statement. "I asked them to cut the West Coast feed," they added. "He said they could not do that. I asked them why would they want to run a performance with mechanical glitches unless they just want eyeballs at any expense.... It's not artist friendly, especially when the artist cut their vacation short as a New Year's Eve gift to them."
Dick Clark Productions hit back, issuing a statement Sunday night saying "we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists" and to suggest that the company "would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous, and frankly absurd." Technical errors do occur in live performances "in very rare instances," the statement added, but "an initial investigation has indicated that dcp had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance." Sources tell Billboard and The Associated Press that while the other performers rehearsed beforehand, Carey sent a body double instead, and blamed Carey's technical crew for setting the earpiece to the wrong frequency.
Nanaimo RCMP are looking for a suspect who attempted to rob the Super Save Gas station on Wakesiah Avenue on Saturday at about 4 p.m. (Photo submitted)
Nanaimo RCMP are looking for the suspect of an attempted robbery who was allegedly chased off by the business owner wielding a baseball bat.
Police were called Saturday at about 4 p.m. to the Super Save gas station at 450 Wakesiah Ave., when a passerby reported seeing a man being chased by another man who was holding a baseball bat.
When police arrived they were met by the owner of the Super Save, who said they chased the armed suspect out of their store after they tried to steal a display case of Zippo lighters.
The owner opted to grab baseball a bat and when suspect saw it they bolted for the door with the gas station owner in pursuit.
“We do not condone the actions taken by the owner as it could have led to them being seriously injured,” said Const. Gary O'Brien, Nanaimo RCMP spokesperson, in a press release. “The best course of action is to comply and call 911.”
Police are looking for the robbery suspect whose face was covered by a scarf and who was last seen running northbound on Wakesiah Avenue.  They are described as about six-feet tall with dark skin and was wearing a dark coat, sunglasses, hat, blue shirt, blue jeans and gloves.
Anyone with information about the identity of the suspect or the incident is asked to call the Nanaimo RCMP at 250-754-2345. To remain anonymous contact Crime Stoppers at www.nanimocrimestoppers.com or call 1-800-222-8477.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Latest on fallout from sexual harassment allegations against Oscar-winning producer Harvey Weinstein (all times local):
6:45 p.m.
A source with knowledge of the decision says Harvey Weinstein will be suspended from their film company pending an internal investigation into sexual harassment claims leveled against the Oscar winner.
The source, who was not authorized to speak publicly, says an announcement on the suspension and investigation is expected on Friday. The decision was made by The Weinstein Co.'s board of directors.
The New York Times reported Thursday that Weinstein has over the years reached at least eight legal settlements with women over alleged harassment. Weinstein said Thursday that they were taking a leave of absence.
Leadership of The Weinstein Co. is expected to be assumed by Weinstein's brother, Bob Weinstein, and David Glasser, the company's chief operating officer and president.
— By Jake Coyle, AP Film Writer
___
3 a.m.
Movie mogul Harvey Weinstein has long held a larger-than-life role in Hollywood, but many are questioning whether their career will survive detailed accusations of sexual harassment leveled by several women.
The accusations were published Thursday by The New York Times and include accusations Weinstein sexually harassed actores, including Ashley Judd, and former employees. Weinstein has said they are taking a leave of absence from their company and acknowledged they have behaved poorly, but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a vendetta against him.
The Times says it stands by its reporting.
Richard Rushfield, founder and editor of industry newsletter The Ankler, says the accusations against Weinstein mean there will now be a “cost” associated with working with the Oscar winner.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
© The Advocate
Seize the drugs. Sell the drugs. Arrest the buyers. Repeat...after allegedly engaging in all sorts of shady behavior, from selling drugs themselves to lying under oath, falsifying records, falsely identifying drug suspects, accepting bribes, and stealing cash and other property from the people they arrested. In at least one instance, their behavior led to someone being wrongly imprisoned for more than two years.In an indictment unsealed this week, Scott, Newman, and Gemar--a Hammond Police Department officer since 2004 and DEA Task Force Officer since 2009--are accused of seizing money and other property from those they arrested and then keeping it for themselves. (Notably, the feds do not frame this as theft from the suspects but as embezzling funds from the DEA.) This went on for at least seven years.Scott is also accused of accepting $10,000 from a defendent in a federal criminal case in exchange for recommending that prosecutors seek a reduced sentence and, in another case, tampering with witness testimony.Scott allegedly coerced Frederick Brown (a defendent in their own drug case) "to falsely testify that Jorge Perralta was present during drug transactions between Edwin Martinez and [Brown], when in fact Frederick Brown had never seen Jorge Perralta during their drug transactions with Edwin Martinez." Scott reportedly offered their own false testimony in the case as well.The DEA agent claimed that it was Brown who initially brought up Perralta when talking about people who were around during deals and might be Martinez's supplier, referring to Perralta not by name but as "the little Mexican guy." Scott said that they showed Brown a photograph of Perralta on their phone, and that Brown confirmed this was the dude they had seen during drug deals.An arrest warrant was issued, and Scott went to Houston to help police there arrest Perralta for conspiracy to distribute heroin and cocaine. Perralta's phone was seized, they were taken into custody, and-without even being allowed to contact their parents or girlfriend, they were whisked away to Louisiana. That was in March 2015.After nearly two and a half years behnd bars, Perralta was released in August 2017 and all charges against them were dismissed.Brown had never brought up Perralta on their own, say prosecutors in their indictment against Scott. And when shown a picture of Perralta, Brown said that they had never seen him.Both Scott and Gemar were arrested on October 1 and released on bond the next day.Newman and Domingue were arrested in 2016. According to federal prosecutors, Newman seized and sold thousands of dollars worth of cocaine and oxycodone. Some of these drugs they seized from a woman identified as R.G. "by means of actual and threatened force, violence, and fear of injury...to R.G.'s person and the persons of their family."Domingue is accused only of falsifying records related to this illegal drug seizure. Their trial is set February 2018.Newman has agreed to plead guilty to one count of "conspiracy to convert property" and one count of using a gun in furtherance of a crime of violence, in exchange for prosecutors dropping the other charges against him. They face fines of up to $500,000 and possible life in prison, with a mandatory minimum sentence of at least five years.
© Unicef
in its report on children and armed conflicts submitted to the Security Council for killing and injuring children in Yemen.according to the report, which was submitted to the Security Council on Thursday.In a press release following the sending of the report, Secretary-General's Spokesman Stephane Dujarric said no less than 1,340 children were killed or maimed in Yemen last year.He noted however, that in 2016 the Coalition took measures to reduce the impact on children, "including through their rules of engagement and the establishment of a joint incident assessment team mandated to review all incidents involving civilian casualties and identify corrective actions."It is also noted that at the time of drafting of the report, Saudi Arabia has established a child protection unit at the coalition headquarters.Yemen has been engulfed in a violent conflict between the government headed by President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi and the Houthi Shia movement, also known as Ansar Allah, backed by army units loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh since 2015. The Saudi-led coalition comprising Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, United Arab Emirates, Egypt, Jordan, Morocco, and Sudan (with Qatar withdrawn in June) started carrying out airstrikes against the Houthis at Hadi's request in March of the same year.The conflict in Yemen prompted what is considered the largest humanitarian crisis worldwide. By the estimate of the United Nations, nearly two million Yemeni children suffer from malnutrition. At the same time, the civilian population of the war-torn country is largely affected by clean water shortages and a lack of accessible medical services. Yemen is also encountering a devastating cholera outbreak, with nearly 700,000 people having contracted the potentially lethal disease so far.
MISSISSAUGA, Ont. — Richard Moreau earned their fifth straight O'Brien bronze in the trainer of the year category at the 2017 O'Brien Awards on Saturday night.
The Puslinch, Ont., native led all Canadian trainers with 277 victories and over $3.7 million in pure earnings.
The O'Brien Awards honour the best in Canadian horse racing and are named after the late Joe O'Brien — a member of the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame.
Moreau's stable star, Sandbetweenurtoes, was honoured as Older Pacing Mare of the Year.
Owner Brad Grant of Milton, Ont., took home three O'Brien bronzes — one each for their two-year-old pacing colt, Stay Hungry, their three-year-old pacing filly Bettors Up and their pacing mare, Sandbetweenurtoes. Grant had lost several horses in a tragic barn fire at Classy Lane Training Centre in January 2016.
Al Libfeld of Pickering, Ont., and Marvin Katz of Toronto took home two O'Briens — one for Ariana G, voted the country's top three-year-old trotting filly, and one as Breeders of the Year.
Driver Doug McNair from Guelph, Ont., won their first O'Brien as Canada's Driver of the Year following a year where they earned more than $5.9 million in purse money, and $6.5 million in earnings in North America while driving 325 winners.
Marc Campbell of Winsloe, P.E.I. took their second O'Brien Award of Horsemanship. They recorded 255 wins and more than $584,000 in purse earnings as a driver. On the training side, Campbell had 131 victories and more than $376,000 in earnings last season.
Hannelore Hanover was named Canada's Horse of the Year, and also won their second consecutive O'Brien Trophy as Older Trotting Mare. Them connections received the inaugural Somebeachsomewhere Horse of the Year Award.
Hannelore Hanover won 10-of-17 races last season, over $1.1 million in purse money and scored victories against male rivals in an elimination and final of the Breeders Crown Open Trot, the Allerage, and the Maple Leaf Trot. They also swept the Armbro Flight.
A blog from The State's political team of Cassie Cope, Bristow Marchant, Jamie Self and Avery Wilks.
LAS CRUCES, N.M. — Zach Lofton matched career highs with four steals and seven 3-pointers, and finished with a season-best 34 points to lead New Mexico State in a 90-67 rout of UT Rio Grande Valley on Saturday for its ninth straight win.
New Mexico State (20-3, 7-0 Western Athletic Conference) has won 14 of its last 15 games. UT Rio Grande Valley (12-12, 3-4) had its two-game win streak snapped.
Lofton, who averages 19.9 points and 1.5 assists per game, was one point shy of a career best on 10-of-17 shooting from the field while adding a season-high six assists.
The Aggies' Jemerrio Jones chipped in 10 points and a matched a career-high with 20 rebounds for their 14th double-double of the season.
ROCKSPRINGS, Ohio — The Lady Marauders set the tone early and cruised to victory.
The Meigs girls basketball team led Tri-Valley Conference Ohio Division guest Wellston by 20 points less than 12 minutes into Monday night's showdown in Larry R. Morrison Gymnasium, and the Maroon and Gold rolled to a 62-37 victory to remain unbeaten in the league.
The Lady Marauders (3-2, 2-0 TVC Ohio) opened the game with back-to-back trifectas and never looked back, leading from the 7:30 mark on. In the opening stanza, Meigs connected on 10 field goals, including six three-pointers, en route to a 26-7 lead.
The Maroon and Gold began the second quarter with an 8-1 run, but surrendered the final five points of the half and settled for a 34-13 lead at the break.
Meigs started the second half with three straight three-pointers, increasing the lead to 30 points. Wellston (1-3, 0-2) ended the cold spell with a trifecta of its own, but the hosts ended the stanza with a 11-6 run and a 54-22 lead.
The Lady Rockets began the finale with back-to-back three-pointers, but the Lady Marauders responded with one of their own with 5:54 to play. Over the remainder of the contest, WHS outscored Meigs by a 9-5 clip, making the final margin of 62-37 in favor of the hosts.
“Our first quarter effort was really, really good,” said MHS head coach Jarrod Kasun. “We subbed in and it went down a little bit and in the second half, I think we just tried to survive and get out of here.
“We let Maddie Fields guard the ball, she's our best on-ball defender and they pressured it,” Kasun added. “We got good rhythm shots to start with, that's one thing we've been working on in practice. Get the ball, run it, get to your spot, and have your hands and feet ready. We did that in the first quarter.”
For the game, the Maroon and Gold were 23-of-62 (37.1 percent) from the field, including 12-of-30 (40 percent) from beyond the arc. Meanwhile, Wellston was 11-of-50 (22 percent) from the field, including 5-of-22 (22.7 percent) from deep. From the charity stripe, the Lady Marauders shot 4-for-9 (44.4 percent) and the Lady Rockets shot 10-for-20 (50 percent).
The guests won the rebounding battle by a 41-to-36 clip, despite the Lady Marauders earning a 13-to-12 edge on the offensive glass. The Maroon and Gold committed 12 turnovers, four fewer than WHS. Meigs also held advantages of 16-to-8 in assists, 13-to-4 in steals and 6-to-3 in blocked shots.
“We just have to be more aggressive,” Kasun said. “With our size, we're going to give up a lot of rebounds. We try to make up for it in transition, getting easier shots and maybe getting some rebounds that way. It was a solid game all around. It's nice to see some of our players starting to hit some shots. That's one thing we've struggled with, but we had a balanced night tonight.”
Eight players marked in the scoring column for MHS, led by juniors Marissa Noble and Madison Fields with 13 points apiece. Kassidy Betzing posted 11 points in the win, Becca Pullins added nine, while Devin Humphreys scored eight. Madison Hendricks came up with five points for the victors, Jacynda Glover chipped in with two points, while Taylor Swartz scored one.
Fields, Noble and Pullins each sank a trio of three-pointers, Humphreys hit two trifectas, while Hendricks made one.
Swartz, Noble and Kylee Blanks had seven rebounds apiece to pace Meigs, while Betzing and Fields tied for a team-high with five assists each. Fields and Hendricks both had four steals to lead the MHS defense, while Humphreys added a pair of rejections.
Nine Lady Rockets scored in the game, led by Alexis Bouska with seven points and Tory Doles with six. Mya Bouska and Sydney Mullins both marked five points, Daycee Clemons and Sydney Spencer had four points apiece, Emma Jadrnicek earned three points, Emily Kisor chipped in with two points, while Megan Vickers scored one.
Mullins, Jadrnicek, Clemons, Mya Bouska and Alexis Bouska each made one three-pointer in the setback.
Doles and Mya Bouska tied for a team-high with seven rebounds apiece. Mullins, Jadrnicek and Mya Bouska each had two assists, Kaylee Taynor recorded a pair of steals, while Spencer, McKenna Kilgore and Ashley Compston each blocked a shot.
The Lady Marauders continue their homestand on Thursday against River Valley.
“Hopefully we come in, take care of River Valley on Thursday and move on,” said Kasun. “We're always ready for any league contest. Next week is really going to be big week, with Alexander and Vinton County, the teams we should be vying with for a league title.”
Meigs will have a chance to sweep the Lady Rockets on Jan. 18 in Wellston.
Meigs junior Marissa Noble (left) fires a three-pointer over Wellston sophomore Sydney Spencer (34), during the Lady Marauders' 62-37 victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. Meigs junior Marissa Noble (left) fires a three-pointer over Wellston sophomore Sydney Spencer (34), during the Lady Marauders' 62-37 victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports Meigs junior Taylor Swartz drives to the lane, during the Lady Marauders' 62-37 victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. Meigs junior Taylor Swartz drives to the lane, during the Lady Marauders' 62-37 victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing shoots a layup during the Lady Marauders' 25-point victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Meigs junior Kassidy Betzing shoots a layup during the Lady Marauders' 25-point victory on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports Meigs junior Becca Pullins (33) drives past Wellston junior Ashley Compston (right), during the second half of the Lady Marauders' 25-point win on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Meigs junior Becca Pullins (33) drives past Wellston junior Ashley Compston (right), during the second half of the Lady Marauders' 25-point win on Monday in Rocksprings, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The gloves come off with galaxy shattering consequences in Marvel's most epic superhero adventure yet.
It's a full-fisted multi-coloured cinematic smack in the face which knocks you out of your seat with its scope and energy.
Earth's mightiest heroes face their biggest challenge this extraordinary punch-up when an enormous intergalactic despot seizes the Infinity Stones.
Alien warlord Thanos is played by Josh Brolin with unrelenting gravel-voiced menace.
Once the stones are attached to their gauntlet of power, Thanos will be able to destroy half the universe in an instant.
(Image: Disney)
Though the Avengers superhero group was effectively disbanded at the end of 2016's Civil War, they reunite to stop Thanos.
Robert Downey Jr.'s Iron Man and Chris Evans' Captain America are at the forefront of the charge into action. Plus there's Thor, Spider-Man and the Guardians of the Galaxy and more, as the heroes run, fly and swing into battle.
(Image: Disney)
And with the billion dollar-making Black Panther still ripping up the box office, there's no surprise to find ourselves back in their African home country of Wakanda.
(Image: Youtube)
With the stakes so high the script is packed with jokes to ease the tension. They're spread through the huge cast. Inevitably some heroes go missing in action, and online speculation has been raging over which of the good guys survive the fight. However such is the series popularity, I imagine not even death could prevent anyone from returning, if only in flashback.
Ten years, 19 films and over £2.5bn in the making, the Marvel Cinematic Universe is a wildly ambitious and incredibly successful exercise in long-form cinematic storytelling.
Characterised by CGI-heavy blockbuster escapism, using A list acting talent and top drawer technicians, the series has dominated the marketplace for a decade by consistently delivering top grade popcorn entertainment.
(Image: Youtube)
Plus by introducing new characters and moving across formats from fantasy adventure to political thriller and heist movies has helped keep the series fresh and moving forward. The result has been a combined total of over £10bn at the global box office. There's a new Ant-Man film due in August and more films are scheduled through to 2022. With next year's sequel has already in the can, it looks as if Marvel's war on the box office will go to infinity and beyond.
AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR
Cert 12A
Running time 149 minutes
The parliamentary standing committee on health and family welfare pointed out that it is often seen that practitioners of modern system of medicine do not have much faith in AYUSH system. Photo: iStockphoto
New Delhi: In a bid to reconcile allopathic and alternative systems of medicines, and generating faith in Ayurveda, Unani, Siddha and Homeopathy (AYUSH) treatments, a parliamentary panel has recommended these modules be included in MBBS courses and vice-versa.
The parliamentary standing committee on health and family welfare pointed out that it is often seen that practitioners of modern system of medicine do not have much faith in AYUSH system and often question their credibility and scientific validation. This is despite the known fact that India has been a repository of knowledge of traditional systems of medicine since ages.
“The Committee, accordingly, recommends to the ministry to take concrete steps in introducing modules of modern system of medicine in the curriculum and pursue the ministry of health and family welfare for introducing similar modules of AYUSH systems of medicines in their MBBS course,” said the committee in its report tabled in Parliament last week.
The committee believed that such an integrated approach towards both systems of medicine would help in understanding the strengths of each system of medicine and also increase the credibility of AYUSH systems of medicine.
“The need of the hour is to streamline the AYUSH systems of medicine by standardization and quality control of Ayurveda, Siddha, Unani and Homeopathy drugs and improving the quality of education and healthcare services through AYUSH,” the report said.
“At the same time, the curricula of both modern systems of medicine and AYUSH system need to be changed in such a way to strive for integration in the study of medical education itself followed by cross system referrals and integrated healthcare services,” it said.
Of late, for promoting alternative systems of medicines, the ministry of health and family welfare and ministry of AYUSH stated co-locating the AYUSH facilities at public health centres (PHC), community health centres (CHC) and district hospitals. The committee also noted that AYUSH doctors are also participating in the National Health Programme and Public Health Outreach Activities and research activities undertaken to facilitate integration of Ayurveda and allopathic systems of medicine.
A study done by the Institute of Economic Growth, Delhi University, published in PLOS One journal in 2017, only 6.9% of all patients who had sought outpatient care used AYUSH services, 3.5% used Indian systems of medicine such as Unani and Siddha, and 3% used homeopathy. The study was based on a nationally representative health survey 2014 with the total sample size of 65,932 households (36,480 rural and 29,452 urban) comprising of 333,104 individuals (189,573 rural and 143,531 urban).
“This is consistent with the fact that use of allopathy treatment is more common and that there is hardly any differentials in use pattern across rural and urban India. Also, allopathy care accounted for over 90% of outpatient care across key socioeconomic and demographic variables,” the study said. “Overall AYUSH utilization in India (about 7% of outpatient care) appears to be on the lower side when compared to some of the previous estimates or general perceptions,” it further said.
The study found that use of AYUSH among middle-income households was lower when compared with poorer and richer households. AYUSH care utilization was higher among patients with chronic diseases and also for treating skin-related and musculo-skeletal ailments, the study observed.
SYDNEY — Harman Grubisa and Blair Archibald have been named the Australia and New Zealand regional finalists of the 2017/2018 edition of the International Woolmark Prize.
Announced at a lunch on Monday inside a private harborside mansion in Sydney's Neutral Bay, the Auckland, New Zealand-based womenswear duo Madeleine Harman and Jessica Grubisa and Archibald, a Melbourne-based menswear designer, have both won 70,000 Australian dollars or $55,248 at current exchange, a Woolmark license and global mentoring support. The designers will go on to join 10 finalists from five other regions to compete in the event's global finals in Florence in early 2018.
The judging panel was comprised of International Woolmark Prize 2016/2017 womenswear winner Gabriela Hearst, David Jones general manager womenswear Damian Burke, R.M. Williams head of design Jeremy Hershan, Harper's Bazaar Australia editor-in-chief Kellie Hush, influencer Nicole ‘Gary Pepper Girl' Warne, Men's Style Australia fashion director Kim Payne and Australian Wool Innovation chief executive officer and The Woolmark Company managing director Stuart McCullough.
Harman Grubisa's winning look was a belted wool black and tan tweed blazer over a royal blue 16 micron wool dress that converts into a clutch.
Archibald presented a marle grey wool turtleneck and dark grey wool trousers, teamed with a moss green overcoat patchworked from a vintage Australian Army wool blanket from the 1960s together with a new wool/polyamide textile from Italy's Pontetorto mill that is sourced from repurposed woollen garments and recycled plastic bottles.
The designer has included the original blanket label from Western Australia's since defunct Albany Woollen Mills inside the coat, together with a second label detailing the origins of the fabrics.
“I thought their [Archibald's] product was very well thought out, the desirability was there and then they also had a very strong sustainable point of view, which is important for the new luxury consumer,” said Hearst, who was back visiting Australia for the first time in 23 years, since completing their final year of high school on scholarship at Canberra's Lake Ginninderra College in 1994.
In the hope they might win the regional final, Archibald said they had put on hold 60 of the vintage army blankets and will now proceed to incorporate them into their final Woolmark capsule collection to show in Florence.
“I wanted to explore wool in a different way,” said Archibald. “I took that one word from Woolmark's mission statement – that it's a renewable textile – and I really wanted to focus on that. I've always been enticed by sustainable practices and I want it to be an imperative part of my work long term.”
Since the International Woolmark Prize was relaunched in 2012, the company's budget for the competition has almost quadrupled to four million Australian dollars or $3.157 million, which is reflective of Australian woolgrowers' confidence in the program, said McCullough.
“The advertising value [equivalent media coverage] usually ends up at 45-50 million Australian dollars [$36-40 million]” said McCullough. “They [woolgrowers] think it's a very good way of leveraging their cash up. You take a four million dollar marketing budget to the world, it [usually] doesn't go very far.”
The State Patrol says a Minnesota man suspected of driving drunk with three children in the car was going nearly 100 mph before they were arrested.
The 33-year-old man, from St. Paul, was stopped by the State Patrol about 7:30 a.m. Saturday on Interstate 94 near Baldwin in St. Croix County.
The Star Tribune reports the driver was clocked at 96 mph in a 70 mph zone. They were booked into the county jail, posted bail and was released.
The children in their car were all under 16.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Equality charities are celebrating after gay marriage was finally legalised on the Channel Island of Jersey.
Politicians voted to pass the new marriage laws on Thursday night by a majority of 42-1.
It followed in the footsteps of other British crown dependencies Guernsey, Alderney and the Isle of Man.
The decision leaves Northern Ireland as the only place within the British Isles yet to approve same-sex wedding ceremonies.
The historic debate was held over two years after equal marriage was originally agreed in principle by States members in the Jersey government but it has since been bogged down in amendments.
But during the sitting, politicians on the Channel Island also voted by 40 votes to 5 to reject a clause, which would have allowed traders to refuse to serve same-sex couples if it was deemed incompatible with their religious beliefs.
The law now has to go to Privy Council for Royal Assent and it is expected same-sex couples will be walking down the aisle in Jersey by this May.
Pressure had been piled on to legislators after more than 5,000 people signed a petition by Jersey LGBT charity Liberate to block the clause.
And speaking after the vote, a Liberate spokesperson said: "We live in a democracy and the fact that we are all free to speak is something to be cherished. The debate has been impressive in terms of the number and variety of people it has engaged and in the respect shown by all sides.
"What this proves is that our island is home to diverse groups and communities, who will not always agree on every issue, but that is what makes us stronger.
"It is vital that we can share our views and continue to do so, especially with people we don't agree with, so that we can learn from each other."
(Image: AFP)
The day's debate heard emotional speeches from the island's politicians against the proposed change - many asking why they had the right to approve discrimination against a minority group.
Assistant minister Scott Michael Wickenden said: "What In Christian teaching would prevent a believer partaking in same-sex marriage?
"In modern Christianity this should not be a problem."
Another senator, Philip Ozouf said: "I would ask Members to consider the implications of legalised discrimination.
"Where will this end? This is a slippery slope. We should not go there."
The new law also includes legalising humanist marriage which follows on from a four-year campaign by Humanists UK and its member, States of Jersey Deputy Louise Doublet.
Humanists UK Chief Executive Andrew Copson said after the vote: "We're delighted that Jersey has joined Scotland and Ireland in giving legal recognition to humanist marriages.
"And as humanists have performed same-sex wedding ceremonies for many decades, we can't think of a more fitting occasion than at the same time as same-sex marriages become legal too.
"We look forward to marrying many happy couples in the months and years to come."
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlains' World Cup dream looks to be over.
The Liverpool midfielder damaged knee ligaments early in the game against Roma, and Anfield medics fear it is a serious tear...which would keep them out for months.
It is a crushing blow for the former Arsenal man, who was in the form of their life and was hoping to use the Champions' League as a springboard to confirm their place in the England squad that will travel to Russia for the finals.
The midfielder was desperately unlucky as they produced an innocuous challenge on former City man Aleksander Kolarov out on the touchline after just 15 minutes of the contest.
(Image: REUTERS)
But their knee buckled and it seemed to snap, and they were eventually taken away on a stretcher after a lengthy delay.
Liverpool will wait to see the scan results before they confirm the worst, but the feeling within Anfield last night was that their star midfielder will not play again this season.
(Image: AFP)
Jurgen Klopp was asked to provide an injury update after Liverpool's 5-2 victory over Roma.
The Reds boss told BT Sport: "It is probably a really bad injury. If you can say that before the scan, it's never good news."
(Image: AFP)
Mohamed Salah bagged a brace in the first half of the semi-final before turning provider to set up Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, who made it four.
Firmino netted Liverpool's fifth as the scoreline became embarrassing before Roma bagged two away goals courtesy of Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti.
Think museums have lost their spark? A Google Tango AR-equipped phone may just change your mind.
The tech giant announced today that soon Lenovo Phab 2 Pro smartphones will be on offer in museums around the world, starting first with the Detroit Institute of Arts. The phones here are loaded with Lumin, a Tango-based mobile tour built by the museum in partnership with GuidiGO.
Going well beyond your typical audio or guided museum tour, the Phab 2 Pro will help visitors travel back in time - figuratively, of course. You'll get a sense of the Ishtar Gate of ancient Babylonia's scale, breathe new life into faded limestone reliefs from Mesopotamia, roll out an ancient seal used for writing, and peer inside a sarcophagus thanks to an AR overlay.
To get a Lenovo Phab 2 Pro at the Institute, just walk up to the front desk and ask for the device. Google says it will bring Tango's AR and location capabilities to more museums soon.
Tango tech is turning out to be the perfect museum companion as it goes well beyond those little plaques on the wall while still keeping you immersed in the displays. We got the chance to play around with a Tango tablet at the Museu Nacional d'Art de Catalunya in Barcelona last year, and found it greatly enhanced the experience.
Now armed with the sleeker and smaller, Lenovo Phab 2 Pro, museum goers may have a whole new reason to get excited about ancient history.
BAGHDAD (AP) — Iraq's Shiite militias announced on Monday they will participate in the next major battle against the Islamic State group after the Iraqi forces' victory in Mosul last month.
The Shite militias did not fight in the urban part of Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, but were key in clearing far-flung villages of IS and capturing supply lines in the desert west of Mosul toward Iraq's border with Syria.
The spokesperson for the government-sanctioned umbrella — known as the Popular Mobilization Forces or PMF and mostly made up of Shiite militias — says the participation of the militiamen is “essential” in the upcoming fight for the town of Tal Afar, west of Mosul. About 150 kilometers (93 miles) east of the Syrian border, Tal Afar was once home to both Shiites and Sunni ethnic Turkmen.
“Today we want to speak loud and clear that (the PMF) are actively involved in Tal Afar military operations and will participate in all areas where operations are taking place,” Ahmed al-Asadi told reporters in Baghdad.
In past fights against IS in Iraq, including the battles for the cities of Tikrit and Fallujah, the Shiite militias were accused of sectarian killings and other abuses against minority Sunnis. They acknowledge some abuses may have occurred but say those responsible have been disciplined.
Monday's announcement may increase tensions between Iraq and neighboring Turkey.
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim has repeatedly warned that military operations in and around Mosul should not lead to any demographic changes on the ground, reflecting concerns that once territory is liberated from IS, Iraqi Kurdish or Shiite forces may push out Sunni Arabs or ethnic Turkmen.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Allegri blasts Juventus for Supercoppa performance
Paulo Dybala's late brace almost got Juventus out of jail in the Supercoppa Italiana but Massimiliano Allegri felt Lazio deserved to win.
by Omnisport News 14 Aug 2017, 04:56 IST
Juventus head coach Massimiliano Allegri
Massimiliano Allegri conceded Lazio were worthy winners of the Supercoppa Italiana after their Juventus side were beaten 3-2 in a breathless finale at the Stadio Olimpico.
Ciro Immobile won and converted a first-half penalty before heading their second of the game in the 54th minute to put Simone Inzaghi's men firmly in control.
An out-of-sorts Juve barely threatened until Paulo Dybala dispatched a magnificent 85th-minute free-kick and the Argentina forward levelled from the spot in stoppage time after Adam Marusic clumsily fouled Alex Sandro.
But there was another sting in the tail as Jordan Lukaku raided down the Juventus right and teed up fellow substitute Alessandro Murgia for the winner.
Despite being on punishing end of that drama, Allegri maintained defeat was precisely what the Serie A champions deserved.
"We got in the game in the final half-hour," they Juventus' official website. "I knew we could have trouble, but especially in the first half we did not play.
"Then we started to play with width, to better cover the field, but we had to do that from the beginning.
"We put them under pressure when they got tired. Football sometimes takes away what it has given you other times.
"I am sorry to lose like that but it is not an excuse for our bad performance."
Juventus begin their bid for a seventh consecutive Serie A title at home to Cagliari next weekend and Allegri hopes defeat in the capital will act as a wake-up call.
"In the championship we will not and cannot be the same," they added. "This defeat brings us back to the ground. Winning is not easy.
"Some of us are not yet in shape. I knew it would not be easy. The season has just begun and it will certainly not be a simple one but we will see a different Juve, starting from Saturday."
ARCADIA, Calif. — Lombo scored a two-length victory in the $150,000 Robert B. Lewis Stakes at Santa Anita on Saturday, giving trainer Mike Pender a Kentucky Derby contender.
Ridden by Flavien Prat, Lombo ran 1 1/16 miles in 1:45.41 and paid $19.40, $10.40 and $7.20 at 8-1 odds in the field of nine 3-year-olds.
Lombo earned 10 qualifying points on the Kentucky Derby leaderboard, which determines the 20-horse field for the May 5 race.
Ayacara returned $6 and $4.40 and earned four qualifying points. Dark Vader was another 3 1/2 lengths back in third and paid $13.60 to show, earning two qualifying points. Regulate received one point for finishing fourth.
Peace, the 2-1 favourite, was seventh.
Lombo earned their first career victory by 3 1/2 lengths on Jan. 20 at Santa Anita. Prat picked up the mount for the colt's fourth career start when Kent Desormeaux opted to ride Ayacara.
"He ran a big race," Prat said. "They put a little pressure on them down the backside, but they were nice and relaxed. I worked them last week and he's got a lot of speed. I was concerned they might want to go, but they were relaxed. That was my main concern."
Lombo was purchased for $75,000 by owner Michael V. Lombardi at a 2-year-old in training sale in Ocala, Florida, last March. The colt has two wins in four starts and earnings of $129,225.
By The Associated Press
LIVERPOOL: Liverpool captain Jordan Henderson is confident Mohamed Salah will not be lured away from Anfield in the same manner the Egyptian was tempted from Roma last year.
Salah has surpassed all expectations since their then-club record 42 million-euro (£37 million, $52 million) move back to the Premier League last June and will face their old club in the first leg of Liverpool's Champions League semi-final on Tuesday.
An incredible return of 41 goals in 46 appearances saw Salah crowned the Premier League Players' Player of the Year on Sunday.
However, unlike Liverpool stars of recent seasons such as Luis Suarez and Philippe Coutinho, who were attracted by the glamour of a move to Barcelona, Henderson hopes Salah is convinced to stay by the growing momentum at Liverpool and the belief they can compete for major trophies under Jurgen Klopp.
“He's a fantastic player, obviously he's up there with the world's best and there will be other clubs that want to take them away,” said Henderson.
“But he's in a great place with a great set of lads, great team, with a great manager, going in the right direction. We want to create our own history here and I'm sure Mo will want to be part of that for many years to come.”
Roma co-owner James Pallotta recognised this week that Liverpool didn't even have to beat off much competition to Salah's signature, as they had only shown inconsistent flashes of their full potential in two years in the Italian capital.
Klopp is credited with finding the system to bring the best out of Salah.
And having led Liverpool back to the last four of the Champions League for the first time in a decade, Henderson said their team-mates feel “privileged” to work with the German.
“He's one of the best managers in the world. First and foremost tactically it goes without question how knowledgeable they are within the game, you can see that in the performances, the style of play and how we play football,” they added.
“Off the field he's a fantastic human. Very genuine, has a great passion for football and that transcends throughout the team.
“He always keeps you on your toes, always looking for more, they never wants the standards to drop no matter who we are playing. He's an amazing manager and everybody in the squad feels privileged to be working with him.”
Roma have had to wait even longer for a European Cup semi-final with their last appearance coming 34 years ago when they beat Dundee United but went on to lose to Liverpool in the final.
The manner in which they reached the semi-finals even outshone Liverpool's 5-1 quarter-final thrashing of Premier League champions Manchester City as Roma came back from a 4-1 first leg deficit against Barcelona thanks to a 3-0 second leg victory masterminded by Roma's own impressive coach in Eusebio Di Francesco.
But apart from their physical similarities, Di Francesco — who is making their debut as a coach in the Champions League this season — believes they have a long way to go to earn comparisons with Klopp.
“As Klopp mentioned there are similarities in that we both wear glasses and have a beard,” they joked. “But I very much like their outlook.
“I am concerned we play a team coached by such a great manager. Klopp has proved himself, has won already titles, but I have great ambitions.”—AFP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Maybe it's because I'm so damn entertaining and knowledgeable. Maybe it's because I provide so much love and attention. Maybe I AM Supermum. Who knows?
Is there a magic mum formula, a secret to having two kids who DON'T do Facebook? Or Instagram? Or Twitter? Who aren't self-obsessed selfie senders? Who aren't vloggers ?
They used to do some of them. USED to, mind. It's the latest teenage trend as far as social media's concerned.
You mean I'm not Supermum? No. Social media disillusionment – there'll be a helpline for it before you know it – is upon us.
Apparently two-thirds of teens are sick of social media, with some going as far as to say they wouldn't mind if it had never been invented.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Whoah! Steady on. How would I find out that I might have a life-threatening condition, or at least a urine infection, if I didn't have online chats with pseudo-sick folk?
Or discover there are people out there who actually DON'T like me if Twitter was no more? Couldn't care less about Facebook , mind you. If I want to share my news with people that matter I'll text them. Or Skype. Or Facetime. Or maybe even phone them. That might be nice.
Better than the negative aspects – cyberbullying, radicalisation, sexting, trolling, anxiety etc – that often come hand-in-hand with addiction-level social media surfing.
I witnessed the effect sending a selfie via Instagram had on three students during an experiment for BBC1's The Truth About Stress. As each student sent their pictures, stress levels crept up, then soared as responses came back.
Anxiety disorders are rising among young people, much of it linked to social media use. Fifty seven per cent of teenagers said they'd received abusive comments online, while 56% admitted to being “on the edge of addiction”.
(Image: Getty Images)
The NSPCC reports young girls are seeking help for body image anxiety, after comparing themselves to ‘perfect' Instagram images.
Social media is hugely beneficial, but youngsters experiencing too much of the negative side are opting out.
Loose Women's Stacey Solomon has banned their two boys , Zachary, nine, and Leighton, three, from using it.
“There is absolutely not an age when I'll let them have social media,” they said. “I have got them kids' watches they can use to message each other and me, so it stays between us.”
It seems today's teens are increasingly adopting a similar mindset.
Josh Allen wants the pressure of being the top overall pick in the NFL Draft.
They would relish it and is hopeful the Cleveland Browns view them as the top quarterback in this year's class.
“I would love to have that pressure on my shoulders because I've always thrived in those situations,” Allen said on Tuesday. “I feel like Cleveland would be a great spot to be. But, if I'm not, I'm not, and I'm going to do whatever I can to the team that actually picks me and actually wants me so we'll go from there.”
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
SHARE COPY LINK Crews are busy at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, preparing for the NFL Draft 2018, taking place April 26-28. Paul Moseley
The Browns are expected to use the No. 1 pick on a quarterback when the draft gets underway at AT&T Stadium. There have been rumblings that Allen could be their top target, although there's plenty of competition.
Some believe USC's Sam Darnold would be the safest pick, while others feel the Browns should roll the dice on Oklahoma's Baker Mayfield.
But Allen is certainly in the conversation and had pre-draft visits with seven teams, including Cleveland, New York Giants, New York Jets and Buffalo.
The Wyoming quarterback has arguably the best arm in the class, but their accuracy has been questioned. Allen completed just 56.3 percent of their passes last season, throwing for 1,812 yards with 16 TDs and six interceptions.
Still, their impressive arm strength could land them as the top overall pick. As far as the critics are concerned, Allen has done their best at blocking them out.
“It doesn't bother me one way or another. Everybody's got their own opinion and their own say,” Allen said. “In today's age, everybody wants to be right. So there's people that hate you, there's people that love you. I'm going to go out there and play my game, and whatever team is fortunate to pick me, or I'm fortunate to be picked by, is going to be a team I'm going to give everything to. Hopefully I'll be there for the next 15 years.
“It's an exciting time, but at this moment right now I'm content with whatever happens. My job is done and now it's just sitting back and hearing my name being called.”
Allen is in town for the draft and spent Tuesday at the Cowboys' practice facility known as The Star. They took part in an event with Cowboys tight end Jason Witten, as well as fellow draft hopefuls Minkah Fitzpatrick, Shaquem Griffin and Mason Rudolph.
The event supported Witten's “The Score Foundation” and partnered with J.C. Penney to emphasize the importance of leadership on and off the field. The players received a custom suit from COLLECTION by Michael Strahan, which is sold exclusively at J.C. Penney.
Allen soaked it all in, spending time with Witten.
“Maybe the best tight end to ever play the game,” Allen said. “You just hear how good of a person they are from around the league and from different people. To model yourself after one person on and off the field, not just as a tight end or a football player, but just as a human being is definitely someone you can draw inspiration from.”
Allen hopes to become a similar role model in whatever community they find themselves in by Thursday. They reflected back on their journey, too, going from Firebaugh, Calif., to Wyoming to the NFL. They credited Firebaugh with laying the foundation for their success.
“Firebaugh kind of taught me everything I know as a person,” Allen said. “The hard work. The dedication that it takes. We're a group of hard-working people down there and it's something that I hold near and dear to my heart, just where I come from and the type of people that come from there. You see me as a person that kind of reflects the town.”
Allen is ready for their draft day moment. He'll be joined alongside several family members and their college coaches Thursday night.
“It's going to be a good day for the Allen family and I think the city of Firebaugh and the whole Central Valley and the state of Wyoming,” Allen said. “There're a lot of people behind me and I'm extremely blessed to have the support that I do.”
Top 5 center-backs in the world right now
Herein we take a look at the 5 best center-backs in the football world presently
Muhammad Saad CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 14:33 IST 7.10K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Real Madrid Celebrate After Victory In The Champions League Final Against Liverpool
There's no point in esteeming the center-backs. After all, you barely see them on the scorecard racking up invaluable goals or making key passes to set up those goals.
This breed is rather infamous for doing the dirty work at the back, clattering the highly-fancied forwards, thwarting the stupendous goals and imperiling players' careers with life-threatening tackles. What's the need of honoring such goons?
Well, that is because they are as consequential as hero-worshipped strikers and midfielders, only more if not the same. This might not be the case in the eyes of a number of spectators but you do discern their sway by putting yourself in their managers' shoes.
This was perfectly summed up by Sir Alex Ferguson's noteworthy quote:
"Attack wins you games, defence wins you titles"
On that note, let us take a look at the 5 best center-backs in the world presently.
Also Read: Top 5 goalkeepers in the world right now
#5 Leonardo Bonucci
AC Milan skipper
Bonucci would have been manifestly higher up this list if it had not been for their recent season with AC Milan.
The 31-year-old is a sturdy defender with plenty of experience. Their stint with Juventus saw the club clinch six successive Serie A and three Coppa Italia titles. The Old Lady also reached two UEFA Champions League finals but failed to lift the trophy both the times.
During their time in Turin, the Italian, together with Giorgio Chiellini, helped Juventus create an impenetrable defence. However, in the 2017 transfer market, they made an unanticipated switch to AC Milan for €42m, which did not turn out as expected.
They made 51 appearances for AC Milan this season. In the Italian Serie A, Bonucci has won 19 tackles this season with a success rate of 41%. They have made 44 interceptions, 118 clearances and 19 blocks.
The former Juventus center-back is a hot property in the ongoing transfer window.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has revealed that Lee Tomlin “wasn't fit enough” during their time with the Bluebirds.
The 29-year-old joined Nottingham Forest on deadline day, with winger Jamie Ward going the other way.
Tomlin left Ashton Gate in the summer for South Wales in a £1.5 million-pound move and failed to live up to their billing during their time at BS3, with fitness again the issue.
Tomlin, who re-unites with former Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka at the City Ground, has joined Forest in a bid to get fit and get some much-needed playing time.
"I just can't see Tomlin getting in my team at the minute and for me, he's got to get fit,” Warnock told the Wales Online.
"We tried with our trainers, but we haven't managed to get them to that level and there's not much more we can do. It's an opportunity for them to get some games and Karanka liked them when they were at Middlesbrough.”
Warnock described Tomlin as “the most gifted player in their squad” but admitted the mercurial playmaker wasn't fit enough to play a regular role in Cardiff City's promotion run-in.
Tomlin was subject to just 13 appearances for the Bluebirds, most of which were from the substitutes bench as they didn't quite fit in with Warnock's system.
However, Warnock expects Tomlin to thrive in a new-look Forest team under Karanka.
"They've signed Jack Colback and Ben Watson”.
"In front of them two, I think Tomlin will have more scope. They are basically anchor players. I couldn't see Tomlin getting in our team at the moment.
"He has the most ability in our club, I take my hat off to that, but I've got to think about the next 18 games, nothing further than that."
