WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - The Trump Administration's newly-released Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) lays out plans to modernize the US nuclear triad by integrating nuclear capability on the F-35 fighter jet, deploying low-yield warheads at sea, and developing new silo-based strategic weapons, among other initiatives.
On Friday, senior State and Defense Department officials held a press conference to rollout the NPR, a 100-page document that was the result of a January 27, 2017 directive from US President Donald Trump which called on Defense Secretary James Mattis to conduct a review to "ensure a safe, secure, and effective nuclear deterrent that protects the homeland, assures allies and above all, deters adversaries."
Trump in a statement on Friday after the rollout said that after a year of "thorough analysis and careful deliberations across our government," the administration was announcing the conclusions of its findings.
"These conclusions are grounded in a realistic assessment of the global security environment, the need to deter the use of the most destructive weapons on earth, and our nation's long-standing commitment to nuclear non-proliferation," Trump said in a statement released by the White House.
Phantom Menace
Meanwhile, the United States is using the alleged Russian threat to justify a hike in military spending and nuclear buildup, Russian Ambassador to the United States Anatoly Antonov told reporters in a comment on the new US Nuclear Posture Review.
"The problem is that the Americans are again using the Russia scare to justify the rise in military spending and the nuclear buildup," they said Friday. "We realize this comes from their desire to inject more money into the military industry sector, we know the price tag is an enormous trillion of dollars."
Antonov told reporters that Russian specialists hope to discuss with American specialists the new US Nuclear Posture Review in the near future, Antonov told reporters.
"I hope that in the very near time there will be meetings between Russian and American specialists, during which our Washington colleagues will find explanations for many unclear statements in these document," Antonov said Friday.
However, the newly released 2018 US Nuclear Posture Review raises questions and does not promise practical work, Russian Ambassador to the United States noted.
"We were able to get acquainted only with the publicly released part of the document, with the remarks made by [US Defense] Secretary [James] Mattis, but even these remarks raise questions," Antonov said Friday. "I think that the remarks, at least those I have seen, do not really encourage practical work."
The doctrine said Russia was developing at least two intercontinental range nuclear weapons systems, a hypersonic glide aircraft and a new nuclear-armed undersea torpedo, as part of its strategic weapons buildup. To counter this threat, the US military plans to quickly develop and deploy sea launched nuclear missiles to ensure a "prompt response option."
© AP Photo/ Rick Bowmer US to Equip Future F-35 Fighters with Nuke Capabilities - Nuclear Posture Review
However, the United States should avoid speaking with Russia from the position of strength as the new NPR envisages, Russian Ambassador stressed.
"A conclusion may be made that according to this new doctrine, today American diplomats can talk to their colleagues world wide from the position of strength," Antonov said Friday. "Of course, as a Russian diplomat, I want to say that we unlikely should be talked with from the position of strength. We unlikely should be spoken down. And we unlikely should be told what and how we should do. "
Moreover, Anatoly Antonov rejected US accusations that Russia did not abide by the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty (INF), saying they were convinced the row over its implementation could be resolved by experts.
"I would like to state clearly and unambiguously that we are serious about adhering to our obligations under international agreements," they said in response to US accusations that Russia violated INF. "I want to say that this dialogue should be left to professionals, instead of mass media."
Russian senior diplomat also stressed that Moscow would say it has met all requirements of the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty in a national assessment due in coming days.
"By February 5, Russia and the US are to make national statements on how they abide by the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty," Antonov said Friday. "I am convinced that our national statement will say that Russia has met all requirements and figures stipulated by this treaty."
Modernizing Triad
Meanwhile, James Mattis explained in the preface that the review affirms efforts initiated under former President Barack Obama to modernize US nuclear ballistic missile submarines, strategic bombers, nuclear air-launched cruise missiles, intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs), and command and control.
US Deputy Secretary of Defense Patrick Shanahan echoed this sentiment to reporters at a press conference unveiling the NPR.
"The 2018 NPR calls for modernizing the nuclear triad and command and control system — which is necessary, affordable and long overdue," Shanahan said on Friday.
The document stated that the United States will modify a small number of its Trident II D-5 submarine launched ballistic missiles to carry low-yield nukes. A nuclear-tipped sea launch cruise missile will also be developed and fielded.
At least 12 new Columbia-class strategic nuclear subs will replace the aging Ohio-class fleet. Also on the drawing board are plans to develop follow-on to the Trident II D-5, according to the report.
There are 46 nuclear capable B-52H and 20 nuclear capable B-2A strategic bombers in the US Air Force, the NPR said. The next generation B-21 Raider will begin replacing the older aircraft around 2025.
"The United States is also incorporating nuclear capability onto the F-35, to be used by the United States and NATO allies, as a replacement for the current aging DCA," the NPR said. "Improved DCA readiness and the arrival of the F-35, a fifth generation aircraft, in conjunction with the ongoing B61-12 gravity bomb, will maintain the strength of NATO's deterrence posture and maintain our ability to forward deploy nuclear weapons, should the security situation demand it."
The NPR noted that the Long-Range Stand-Off (LRSO) cruise missile replacement program is underway. The LRSO will be carried aboard US strategic bombers. It will have the capability to sneak past integrated air defense systems while keeping aircraft out of harm's way.
Rivals
The review claims a stronger US nuclear deterrent is needed to discourage Russia, China, Iran and North Korea from either developing new weapons or expanding existing arsenals.
In the NPR preface, Mattis said that Russian doctrine and its actions in Crimea, Ukraine and elsewhere have signaled Moscow's intent to return to Great Power competition.
The report accuses Russia of adopting strategies that lower the threshold for first-use of nuclear weapons, which the Pentagon finds "troubling."
© Photo: National Museum of the USAF Eagle's Claws Blunted: What's Driving the US Effort to Modernize Its Nuclear Arsenal
"Russia is also developing at least two new intercontinental range systems, a hypersonic glide vehicle, and a new intercontinental, nuclear-armed, nuclear-powered, undersea autonomous torpedo," the review said.
Acting Assistant Secretary of State for Arms Control, Verification and Compliance Anita Friedt told reporters on Friday that the United States briefed Russia on the rollout of Trump's new nuclear strategy and tried to reassure that the review was not solely targeting Moscow.
"I would not call this a Russia-centric NPR… Russia is not the sole focus of this NPR by any means," Friedt said
Russia and the United States are working on scheduling another meeting on nuclear strategic stability, Friedt said.
After the rollout, a senior Russian lawmaker told Sputnik the NPR enables the United States to evade responsibility.
"The doctrine removes any responsibility from the US leadership for any actions, because it allows for a loose interpretation of events on the international arena and of the situation in the internal affairs of sovereign countries," Viktor Bondarev, Russian upper house Defense and Security Committee chairperson, said.
The NPR claimed that China is developing new nuclear capabilities to challenge US military supremacy in the Western Pacific region. Beijing is also modernizing its Navy and ground forces, the report said.
© AP Photo/ Dave Caulkin US Senators Slam Pentagon's Leaked Report Over Potential Risks of Nuclear War
Iran, according to the document, is said to be able to develop a nuclear weapon within a year, despite an international agreement that limits the nation's ability to produce fuel needed for such a weapon.
"Iran has agreed to constraints on its nuclear program in the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA)," the document said. "Nevertheless, it retains the technological capability and much of the capacity necessary to develop a nuclear weapon within one year of a decision to do so."
In several parts of the world, according to the report, there is an increased potential for regional conflicts involving nuclear-armed adversaries "and the potential for adversary nuclear escalation in crises or conflict."
"Despite concerted US efforts to reduce the role of nuclear weapons in international affairs and to negotiate reductions in the number of nuclear weapons, since 2010 no potential adversary has reduced either the role of nuclear weapons in its national security strategy or the number of nuclear weapons it fields. Rather, they have moved decidedly in the opposite direction," the report said.
Opposition
Several US lawmakers came forward to express disappointment with Trump's strategy, including Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chair Dianne Feinstein.
"Trump's Nuclear Posture Review is deeply troubling and is a dangerous departure from past reviews," Feinstein said in a press release on Friday. "It lowers the threshold for using nuclear weapons, a particularly frightening proposition given this president's support for a nuclear arms race."
US Senator Chris Murphy said in a statement that Trump has raised the threat of nuclear war with the latest posture review combined with their unstable personality.
"The policy laid out in the Trump administration's Nuclear Posture Review reverses decades of bipartisan efforts to reduce the risk of nuclear war," Murphy said on Friday. "I'm afraid today we took a scary step backward from decades of nuclear disarmament and deterrent."
Another democratic lawmaker, Senator Elizabeth Warren, took to social media to rail against the Pentagon's new strategy.
"@realDonaldTrump just released their new nuclear strategy, which calls for more nuclear weapons that are easier to use," Warren said in a tweet. "This flies in the face of decades of American leadership in building a safer world – one with fewer nuclear weapons."
In their first State of the Union address on Wednesday, Trump declared that the United States would move forward with its nuclear modernization efforts. Trump said that while global nuclear disarmament is a nice concept, the world is not yet ready for it.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said at the annual Defense Ministry Board meeting in December that the country's nuclear forces are on a level which ensures reliable strategic deterrence, yet they must continue to develop the triad.
Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:54 Photo ID: 3167087 VIRIN: 170214-F-RH756-019 Resolution: 3454x2397 Size: 1.32 MB Location: SPANGDAHLEM, RP, DE
Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0
PUBLIC DOMAIN
This work, Super Saber Performer, by SSgt Jonathan Snyder, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Major gridlock on the Bruce Hwy after a multi-vehicle crash.
Major gridlock on the Bruce Hwy after a multi-vehicle crash.
A CRASH on the Bruce Highway at Elimbah this morning presented Queensland Ambulance Service officers with an unusual scenario on arrival.
Paramedics were called to a single-vehicle rollover at 6.15am, but paramedics were unable to locate the patient.
Elimbah crash: Traffic on the Bruce Highway banking up after a crash at Elimbah this morning. Video via Amy Ratcliffe.
The northbound crash affected traffic towards the Coast causing morning delays for motorists.
Then just before 7am, the paramedics were called to another crash in the same area.
That second crash involved two vehicles with three patients being assessed.
It is still yet to be determined whether the two crashes are linked.
Queensland Police have reported the traffic congestion on the Bruce as "significant" and advise motorists to use caution on the roads.
Motorists heading south to Brisbane say the traffic is banked all the way past Caboolture.
More to follow.
Farmingdale surgical device maker Misonix Inc. received a deficiency letter from the Nasdaq Stock Market after it missed two deadlines in a row to file its quarterly reports, the company reported this week.
Misonix has missed its Feb. 9 deadline to file its latest quarterly report with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and it also failed to file the report within a five-day grace period. The quarter ended Dec. 31.
The company previously failed to file a report for the quarter that ended Sept. 30, and it was late in submitting its most recent annual report.
The letter from Nasdaq “has no effect” on the company's listing on the exchange at this time, Misonix said in a news release Monday.
In November, Nasdaq accepted a plan by the company to avoid having its stock delisted from the Nasdaq Global Market. At the time, the company had missed deadlines to file its annual report for the fiscal year that ended June 30, and its first-quarter report. The plan required Misonix to file the two overdue reports by March 13.
Misonix filed its annual report on Feb. 9, and it expects to file its two late quarterly reports by the March 13 deadline, the company said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The company is required to submit an update to its original compliance plan with Nasdaq by Feb. 27.
Misonix reported last year that an internal investigation uncovered problems with the accuracy of its financial reporting and possible violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.
In an SEC filing in September, Misonix said it may have been aware of practices by a distributor in China that violated laws prohibiting Americans from bribing foreign government officials. The laws also mandate that companies maintain accounting systems that would reveal bribery.
The company's stock price closed at $9.50 Tuesday, down 5.24 percent for the day. Over the past 12 months, the stock price has climbed by $3.67, or 63 percent.
Malaysia has detained a woman holding a Vietnamese travel document in connection with the death of the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, police said on Wednesday.
The woman, detained on Wednesday morning at the low-cost terminal of the Kuala Lumpur International Airport in the Malaysian capital, was identified on the travel document as Doan Thi Huong, police said in a statement.
The “suspect was positively identified from the CCTV footage at the airport and was alone at the time of arrest,” they added.
South Korea's spy agency suspects two female North Korean agents assassinated the estranged half-brother of the North Korean leader on Monday, South Korean lawmakers in Seoul have said.
-Reuters
© Israel Antiquities Authority
It's unclear whether a mysterious 2,100-year-old stone bowl fragment recently unearthed in Jerusalem belonged to royalty or a commoner, the Israel Antiquities Authority (IAA) announced late last week.The fragment — made from chalk, a type of limestone — is small enough to fit in a person's hand. But it's large enough to contain a striking detail on its side: the name "Hyrcanus" engraved in Hebrew letters.Hyrcanus was the name of two different kings who ruled during the Jewish Hasmonean dynasty, which lasted from about 140 B.C. to 37 B.C., when Herod the Great came into power. However, Hyrcanus was also a commonly used name during that time, the IAA said."This is one of the earliest examples of chalk vessels to appear in Jerusalem," Doron Ben-Ami, an archaeologist with the IAA, and Esther Eshel, a professor in the Bible department at Bar-Ilan Universityin Israel, said in a statement . "These stone vessels were extensively used by Jews because they were considered vessels that cannot become ritually unclean."Researchers discovered the fragment in 2015, but the IAA decided to delay the announcement so that researchers could have time to study the artifact. The researchers noted that the fragment was found under the Givati parking lot at the City of David — Jerusalem's oldest neighborhood and one of its largest archaeological sites.Archaeologists found the fragment under the ancient foundations of a mikvah complex , a pool used as a Jewish ritual bath. But its placement sheds little light on its past owners, the researchers said.There are so few engraved vessels in the archaeological record from this period that it's difficult to say whether the newfound artifact was a routine creation or a special tribute, the IAA said."The name Hyrcanus was fairly common in the Hasmonean period," Ben-Ami and Eshel said in the statement. "We know of two personages from this period who had this name: John Hyrcanus, who was the grandson of Matityahu the Hasmonean and ruled Judea from 135 [to] 104 B.C.E., and John Hyrcanus II, who was the son of Alexander Jannaeus and Salome Alexandra; however, it is not possible to determine if the bowl belonged specifically to either of them."The Givati parking lot also holds the remains of a famous fortress (known as the Akra or Acra), built under the rule of Antiochus IV Epiphanes, the Greek king of the Seleucid Empire who tried to control Judea during the Maccabean Revolt, the rebellion whose events led to the first Hanukkah The Hasmoneans eventually conquered the Akra. Intriguingly, the bowl fragment was discovered near the Akra's remains, the researchers said.
© Figure via Dean III et al, 2018
On average, men and women differ psychologically in small but reliable ways, such as in personality interests , and cognitive performance , but the basis of these differences is up for debate. Are they innate or due to how we're socialised?Neuroscientists look for traction on this question by studying sex differences in the brain, premised on the idea that these might contribute to the observed psychological differences. However, studying the brains of adults, or even teenagers, still leads to spinning wheels, because culturally produced differences will show up in the brain too. But how about one-month old infants, the subjects of a paper published in the journal Brain Structure and Function? Since birth, babies at this age have spent most of their time sleeping and suckling with limited eyesight, so profound socialisation effects aren't going to be a factor.The University of Wisconsin-Madison team led by Douglas Dean III recruited 149 expectant mothers who brought in their infants - 77 girls and 72 boys - for brain scanning one month after giving birth.I remember doing MRI scans, and it was awfully noisy. So kudos to the infant neuroimaging community for developing a top-rate comfy environment for the little ones. They were popped into a vacuum immobilisation bag, surrounded with foam for comfort and sound insulation, and issued with ear plugs and noise cancelling headphones. These conditions allowed the scans to be performed while the infants slept, which was vital because even minor movements could have distorted the results.Dean's team found that the boys' brains were 8.3 per cent bigger, in line with the sex difference in brain volume found in adults and the few other available infant studies. Also as seen in adults, male brains had relatively more white matter (connecting tissue) and female brains more grey matter, relative to total brain size.A number of specific neural areas were larger in males, also relative to total brain volume, such as parts of the limbic system involved in emotions, including the amygdala, insula, thalamus and putamen. The researchers also found evidence for relatively larger hippocampi, an area involved in memory, which has more commonly been found to be larger in females , although not universally so. Meanwhile female brains were relatively larger in other limbic areas such as parts of the cingulate gyrus, caudate and parahippocampal gyrus, and they had a few white-matter structures that were relatively larger.These sex differences were smaller than has been observed in adults, which suggests that maturation continues this differentiation, likely through the high volume of sex steroid receptors in these brain areas. The alternative suggestion is that the subsequent differentiation is due to socialisation, but for the forces of socialisation to work along the same lines as pre-existing biological forces would suggest that socialisation is at most a feedback loop between biology and society.There were a lot of brain areas that differed structurally between the sexes, but it would be irresponsible to draw any firm conclusions about what they might mean for function and behaviour. For instance, what could differences in overall insula size possibly mean psychologically when the area is associated with "compassion and empathy, perception, motor control, self-awareness, cognitive functioning", "interpersonal experience" and "psychopathology" The reason the new research is helpful is because it informs the interpretation of more focused studies that uncover psychological differences between the sexes. Imagine that researchers studying the treatment of anxiety find a sex-related difference in the stress response (as has happened in reality). If this difference is due entirely to sexist social structures that we're already attempting to tear down, then the finding is not so important. But if that sex-linked difference in stress response is shown to be associated with sex-linked variation in amygdala size/structure, then the fact these anatomical differences exist so early - as shown by the current paper - makes it more plausible that the different ways men and women respond to stress is going to be hard to shake, even after social reform. Attempts to make society fairer are more likely to succeed with these facts in mind, rather than hoping they will go away.Reference: Investigation of brain structure in the 1-month infant
Jammu: Two Pakistan-trained terrorists were apprehended by the security forces after they returned to India via the Wagah-Attari border crossing in Punjab with valid passports and visas.
Two Pakistan-trained terrorists were arrested in Baramulla by the police, army and CRPF. They had gone to Pakistan on valid Pakistani visa to obtain arms training there for undertaking terrorist activities in the Kashmir Valley,'' the Baramulla Police said in a release.
The two have been identified as Abdul Majeed Bhat and Mohammad Ashraf Mir, both local residents of Baramulla district.
"They had obtained passports specifically for the said purpose. These were nabbed immediately after returning via Wagah-Attari border before they could formally join the ranks here in Kashmir," a police officer said.
During their grilling, the two revealed that they had undergone terrorist training in Pakistan along with a large number of Pakistani boys, most of them from Balochistan and as young as 10 years old.
The two also disclosed that several terrorist camps are located near Burma Town, Islamabad and are being run by a terrorist commander operating under the code name 'Hanzala Adanan' and Omar.
''The two arrested persons also revealed that the other terrorists imparting training to young boys are operating with code names Osama, Naveed and Hataf," a police officer, who was part of the team, which arrested them said.
It has now been established that the arrested terrorists have been given visas by the Pakistan High Commission in New Delhi, a J&K Police officer said.
In a veiled attack at the Pakistan High Commission, SP Vaid, the Jammu and Kashmir Police chief, too said, ''Those imparting training are in collusion with those giving visas.''
Our neighboring nation has resorted to allow movement of terrorists by issuing valid visa to them, as infiltration is now tough after security forces tightened security even more: SP Vaid, J&K DGP on 2 Pak trained terrorists who were issued valid Pak visas by Pak High Commission pic.twitter.com/dxE1pogrO1 — ANI (@ANI) February 3, 2018
Today's arrest is yet another proof that a large number of modules to lure young boys to Pakistan to get trained and join terrorism is being run by Pakistan-backed terror operators.
"On February 4, 2017, two militants namely Azharuddin and Sajad Ahmad got killed in a gunfight in Amargarh, Sopore... both had gone to Pakistan on valid visas to obtain terror training, subsequently joined militancy here and got killed,'' the Baramulla Police said.
"Suhaib Farooq Akhoon of Baramulla also visited Pakistan in August last year, acquired terrorist training in LeT terrorist camp, subsequently went underground and joined militant ranks and is currently active,'' the officer said.
"One more terrorist, Abdul Rashid Bhat of Sopore, was also arrested on July 17 last year by Baramulla Police after they had also gone underground after obtaining training in Pakistan under similar circumstances," the police officer said.
The Baramulla Police also made an appeal to parents to keep an eye on their wards and ask them to report their prolonged absence from home to police so that lives of these boys are saved.
(With Agency inputs)
I never would have agreed to the formulation of the Central Intelligence Agency back in '47, if I had known it would become the American Gestapo.
There will come a time in everyone's life when you will have to make a very important decision to help propel you into your future. Whether you take the opportunity or not is totally up to you. But discovering who you are along the way and what you have to offer is priceless, not only to you but to your family and society as well.
In “The Legend of Georgia McBride,” the audience gets a glimpse of what happens when you do take the chance and discover who you are through the unfolding story of a drag queen. This is not your typical drag queen story. It is a wonderful and electrifying story (musical comedy) with a lot of heart. This play introduced us to the world of drag, diversity, and personal success.
In this musical, we witnessed the transformation of a “straight guy” into a “drag queen” through the character Casey (Nate Santana), who comes into their own with an inspirational message of hope. “The Legend of Georgia McBride” was more than a wardrobe change; it was a life-changing play to understanding the totality of self-expression.
Casey, the down on their luck Elvis impersonator, just wants to take care of their family. However, in the process, they find out that the small bar where they work is changing the entertainment to a full out “Drag Show,” and in order for them to keep their job there, the Elvis rhinestone costume has to come off and the high heels must come on.
Decisions have to be made quickly because Casey has a very upset wife (Leslie Ann Sheppard) , an overdrawn checking account, late rent and a baby on the way.
Casey reluctantly makes their decision to become a “Drag Queen” at the bar without discussing their new position with their wife. In doing so, a relationship is formed with Miss Tracy Mills (Sean Blake) the “Drag Mother,” who becomes Casey's mentor and guide.
This new way of making money at this Florida bar has definitely paid off for the bar and Casey in more ways than one. Unlikely individuals are brought together from different walks of life and a family is formed who share the same commonality of personal issues such as finding who you are and owning it when you discover your authentic self.
Playwright Matthew Lopez and Director Lauren Shouse were sure to carry the message of “we are more the same as not” throughout their presentation of a different world of the theatrical musical comedy, leaving us with an unexpected message of love and hope.
We recommend this play because it was more than a feel-good play with remarkable talent on stage. “The Legend of Georgia McBride” came with a lot of laughable moments and sassy wit. Even with the laughter, it was a play that asked you to become open-minded to the differences in the world that may ultimately bring you closer when your sense of benevolence and impartiality have been stimulated.
Northlight Theatre opens its 2017-2018 season with The Chicago Premier of “The Legend of Georgia McBride”
By Matthew Lopez
Directed by Lauren Shouse
September 14 – October 22
The Cast Includes:
Keith Kupferer: (Eddie)
Nate Santana : (Casey/Georgia McBride)
Leslie Ann Sheppard: (Jo)
Sean Blake: (Miss Tracy Mills)
Jeff Kurysz: (Rexy/Jason)
Who says print is dead?
Certainly not the apparel retailers, as veteran Los Angeles designer Trina Turk is linking with Macy's INC International Concepts line to create a mini-collection showcasing their signature patterns and colors. Launching May 15, the collection will offer an INC spin on both their eponymous women's line, founded in 1995, and the six-year-old Mr Turk men's line. While a selection of Turk's contemporary line is already available in select Macy's doors, the INC collaboration marks their first entry into Macy's more accessibly priced arena as well as the first wholesale channel for Mr Turk.
“Macy's approached us about a year ago, and we thought it would be fun to get our brands out to wider audience, especially for summer when we can do color and print,” said Turk, whose only previous venture in the more populist space was a Banana Republic tie-up six years ago.
The Trina Turk x INC collection comprises 40 stockkeeping units including apparel, accessories, swimwear and shoes retailing from $29.50 to $119.50 and the Mr Turk x INC collection is 14 apparel sku's ranging from $14.98 to $129.
The main motif for both men and women is a black-and-white zebra print with a colorful scarf border, as well as a multistripe ikat print and a medallion placement print on matte jersey. Other materials include jersey, cotton linen and some stretch pieces. “It's very world-traveler, gypset-inspired,” said Turk, noting that the one-piece swimsuits — a deep V and an off-the-shoulder style — are among their women's favorites because they can also be worn as bodysuits. “Also, how great is it that you can get an ikat print men's suit for $129?” they added.
“Trina's design philosophy mixes vibrancy and a sense of adventure seamlessly with an effortless sophistication that we really love. It's unique, which is why the brand is one of the preeminent brands for summer and resort,” said Macy's senior vice president of fashion, Cassandra Jones.
“Trina Turk strikes that sweet spot with pieces that marry eye-catching exuberance with an appealing ease-of-wear that the INC customer loves.”
INC's past designer partnership hits include Anna Sui and Iris Apfel. Turk's other projects include a paper goods collection with Target for back-to-school and a reprisal of their Disney Consumer Products relationship — this time activewear for “The Incredibles.”
IN THE MIX: Jack Entwistle will be one of the contenders in the open nine-foot division at the Byron Bay Malibu Classic this weekend.
IN THE MIX: Jack Entwistle will be one of the contenders in the open nine-foot division at the Byron Bay Malibu Classic this weekend. WSL/Luke Sorenson
CURRENT Australian champion Dane Pioli and Jack Entwistle will surf in the 38th annual Byron Bay Malibu Classic at Wategos Beach this weekend.
Pioli beat Entwistle in the final of the Australian Longboard Surfing Open at Kingscliff last month and will contest the open nine-foot division at Byron Bay.
They can expect competition from Lennox Head surfer Scott Channon who is the defending champion.
Channon had a dream 2017 winning the Byron Bay, Evans Head and Lennox Head longboard events.
The contest attracts competitors from up and down the east coast with a group of five from New Zealand giving it an international flavour.
"We've got about half a dozen surfers in the Australian top 10 that will compete in the open nine-foot division,” event organiser Ron Hughes said. "It will be highly competitive and even someone like Hayden Swan or Will Crowe could win it.
"The open women's division has almost doubled from last year and that will be one to watch.”
Byron Bays' Roisin Carolan, Isabelle Braly and Kristy Quirk are back again, while an over-70s division will run for the first time.
Numbers are up this year with about 180 expected to surf over three days when competition begins Friday.
"It looks like we're back to the popular days and every division is just about full,” Hughes said.
"We nearly ran an over-70s last year but definitely will this time and it's great to keep the old blokes out there.
"The banks have been really good this week and we're expecting an increase in swell by Thursday.
"We could have some decent waves with a bit of extra push by the weekend and the guys in the open division will enjoy that.”
The event is believed to be the longest running single-fin competition in Australia.
It is also a major fundraiser for Cancer Council, Westpac Lifesaver Rescue Helicopter Service and other local business and charities.
The open men's final is set down for 1pm Sunday with the presentation to follow at the Byron Bay Bowling Club.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday praised women battling the system of Triple Talaq and said the entire country supports them.
"I pay my respects to those women who had to lead miserable lives due to Triple Talaq and then started a movement which created an environment in the whole nation against the practice," Modi said here in their speech on the occasion of Independence Day.
The Prime Minister said they respected all these women. "I want to tell them that they will succeed as the whole country supports them in this significant step towards women's empowerment."
With IANS inputs
Justice Shahnawaz Tariq has been appointed as inquiry officer to conduct inquiry against Sehwan Additional District and Sessions Judge Muhammad Saleem Larik on the charges of “inefficiency” and “misconduct”.
They have been appointed in pursuance of the provisions contained in Rule 10-A (2) r/w Rule 6 of the Sindh Civil Servants (Efficiency & Discipline) Rules, 1973, said an official statement on Monday.
The inquiry would be conducted in accordance with the provisions of the Sindh Civil Servants (Efficiency & Discipline) Rules, 1973 and report thereof may be forwarded within 15 days of its conclusion.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Delhi: The President on Monday approved 112 gallantry awards to armed forces personnel and members of paramilitary forces which include five Kirti Chakras, 17 Shaurya Chakras, 85 Sena Medals, three Nao Sena Medals and two Vayu Sena Medals.
Following is the full list:
KIRTI CHAKRA
IC-73531A MAJOR PREETAM SINGH KUNWAR, 4TH BATTALION THE GARHWAL RIFLE
5047602N HAVILDAR GIRIS GURUNG, FOURTH BATTALION THE FIRST GORKHA RIFLES (POSTHUMOUS)
SS-43887Y MAJOR DAVID MANLUN, THE NAGA REGIMENT, 164 INFANTRY BATTALION (TERRITORIAL ARMY) (HOME & HEARTH), NAGA (POSTHUMOUS)
SHRI PRAMOD KUMAR, COMMANDANT, 49 BN, CRP
CHETAN KUMAR CHEETA, COMMANDANT, CRPF
SHAURYA CHAKRA
IC-71967M MAJ SATISH DAHIYA, ASC, 30 RR (POSTHUMOUS)
SS-42717H MAJ GOSAVI KUNAL MUNNAGIR, ARTY, 166 MED REGT
JC-580725N SUB SHABIR AHMED, 17 JAK RIF
JC-414170P NB SUB SURENDRA SINGH, 4 PARA (SF)
4188533W NK CHANDRA SINGH, KUMAON SCOUTS, 13 RR (POSTHUMOUS)
4578033Y L/NK RAGHUBEER SINGH, MAHAR, 1 RR (POSTHUMOUS)
13767992A L/NK KASHMIR SINGH, JAK RIF
15687392W L/NK BHANDORIYA GOPALSINH MUNIMSINH, SIGS, 1 RR (POSTHUMOUS
2616368W SEP VENKATARAO ABOTULA, 8 Madrases
2708834A SEP ARIF KHAN, GREN, 55 RR
PID-036364 CONST MANZOOR AHMAD NAIK, J&K POLICE, 42 RR (POSTHUMOUS)
5250886X LANCE NAIK DEEPAK ALE, FIRST BATTALION THE THIRD GORKHA RIFLES
15225911X GUNNER RISHI KUMAR RAY, REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY/155 FIELD REGIMENT
SHRI CHANDAN KUMAR, ASSISTANT COMMANDANT (IRLA : 9056), CRPF
SHRI AMAR NATH MISHRA, CONSTABLE
SHRI P. TRINADHA RAO, ASSISTANT ASSAULT COMMANDER, ANDHRA PRADESH
CH. G.V. RAMACHANDRA RAO, SENIOR COMMANDO (5966), ANDHRA PRADESH
SENA MEDAL (GALLANTRY)
IC-61402N COLONEL SAMARJIT RAY, 4TH BATTALION THE GARHWAL RIFLE
IC-64544W MAJ AMIT CHAMOLI, KUMAON, 50 RR
IC-65751P LT COL ARUNKUMAR M, 21 SIKH REGT
IC-66326W MAJ, BHRAGU RAJ JANI, GARH RIF, 14 RR
IC-68500W MAJ VARUN MAANDI, PUNJAB, 22 RR
IC-68757F MAJ SAURABH CHAUDHURY, 2/5 GR
IC-69813F MAJ SUNIL SINGH, KUMAON, 13 RR
IC-70536N MAJ ABHIJIT DEORI, 20 DOGRA
IC-70597L MAJ PARINAY BANSAL, SIKH LI, 19 RR
IC-71085L MAJ ANOGH KUMAR CHANDA, ASSAM, 35 RR
IC-71390X MAJ SEKHAR KUMAR, EME, 5 RR
IC-71459W MAJ MOHIT GREWAL, ASC, 18 RR
IC-71508N MAJ ADITYA VIKRAM SINGH, MECH INF, 13 AR
IC-71834W MAJ DEEPAK KUMAR UPADHYAY, SC, 9 PARA (SF)
IC-72543H MAJ S ARUN, JAK RIF, 3 RR
IC-72692W MAJ RISHI R, MECH INF, 42 RR
IC-73258W MAJ MALAY BAIDYA, KUMAON, 13 RR
IC-73515H MAJ BISHAL SINGH THAPA, KUMAON, 13 RR
IC-74906A MAJ PRADEEP KUMAR NIGAM, MAHAR, 1 RR
IC-75642W MAJ MANISH KUMAR YADAV, ENGRS, 3 RR
IC-75660Y MAJ ANKIT HARJAI, ARMD, 22 RR
SC-00640K MAJ JASBIR SINGH, ARMD, 38 AR
SS-42867Y MAJ SUMEER SINGH, 9 PARA (SF)
SS-45482M MAJ PEEYOOSH PANDEY, ENGRS, 1 RR
IC-77334P CAPT PRASOON SHARMA, 9 PARA (SF)
IC-78348F CAPT SARANGTHEM SHYAM, 2 PARA (SF)
IC-78817Y CAPT MITENDER YADAV, 21 MAHAR
IC-79353Y CAPT JAIDEEP RAWAT, 20 DOGRA
IC-80787L CAPT JASDEEP SINGH, 1/1 GR
SS-44873L CAPT MANOJ MALIK, AAD, 107 AD REGT
SS-44990W CAPT RAKESH NAIR, ARMD, 22 RR
SS-45306P CAPT UMESH LAMBA, 1 PARA (SF)
SS-47626H CAPT AJIT LIMBU, 1/5 GR (FF)
JC-603041M SUB SHITAL PRASAD PUNN, 1/1 GR
JC-501049L NB SUB BALWINDER SINGH, 22 SIKH
JC-608107F NAIB SUBEDAR RAVIN KHANDAL, FIRST BATTALION THE THIRD GORKHA RIFLES
2486816L HAV PRADEEP KUMAR, 21 PUNJUB
4000066P HAV MADAN LAL, 20 DOGRA (POSTHUMOUS)
4076879Y HAVILDAR BRIJENDRA LAL, 4TH BATTALION THE GARHWAL RIFLE
4368172L HAV L PONGCHAI KONYAK, ASSAM, 35 RR
5046806N HAVILDAR DAMAR BAHADUR PUN , FOURTH BATTALION THE FIRST GORKHA RIFLES (POSTHUMOUS)
13760447N HAV MOHD HUSSAIN, 17 JAK RIF
13760972K HAV ISHWAR SINGH, JAK RIF, 3 RR
13764171A HAV ASHOK KUMAR, 9 PARA (SF)
3396369F L/HAV DAVINDER SINGH, 17 SIKH (POSTHUMOUS)
HAV RAM KUMAR, 20 DOGRA
13764330M L/HAV RAISHAM SINGH, JAK RIF, 52 RR
2804152M NK TUPARE RAJENDRA NARAYAN, 22 MLI (POSTHUMOUS)
3197436K NK KULDEEP SINGH, 18 JAT
3999686L NK RADHA KRISHAN, DOGRA, 62 RR
4084852W LANCE NAIK SUKHPAL SINGH, 4TH BATTALION THE GARHWAL RIFLE
4192682F NK BHAGWAN SINGH RAUTELA, KUMAON, 50 RR
4192720M NK PRAMOD KUMAR KANYAL, KUMAON, 13 RR
4195610H NK HARISH SINGH CHUPHAL, KUMAON, 13 RR
4573939A NK REVAT SINGH, MAHAR, 1 RR
4574373K NK RAMBEER SINGH RAJPUT, MAHAR, 30 RR
9108390L NK JAWEED AHMAD BHAT, 9 PARA (SF)
12984405N NK NASEER AHMAD MIR, TA, 163 INF BN (TA) (H&H)
13625978X NK NANDA PRASAD, 4 PARA (SF)
14932294Y NK DILEEP KUMAR SINGH, MECH INF, 5 RR
15337560P NK CHITTARANJAN DEBBARMA, 51 ENGR REGT (POSTHUMOUS)
2497303W L/NK PANJAB SINGH, 21 PUNJAB
3004193L L/NK HANS RAM, 3 RAJPUT
4005617Y L/NK RAKESH KUMAR, 20 DOGRA
5049793M L/NK LAL BAHADUR THAPA, 4/1 GR (ATT WITH 35 RR)
5456130X L/NK RAJU CHETRY, 1/5 GR (FF)
15169808X L/NK SAIKHEDE SAGAR ASHOK, ARTY, 13 RR
2503753M SEP PARAMJEET, PUNJAB, 54 RR
3007786H SEP BHAG SINGH, 3 RAJPUT
3010595Y SEP PANKAJ SINGH, RAJPUT, 44 RR
3200871M SEP VISHAL CHAUDHARI, 18 JAT (POSTHUMOUS)
3202262F SEP BABALOO SINGH, 18 JAT (POSTHUMOUS)
3209481L SEP VICKY, 18 JAT
14848055Y SEP AJOY SARKAR, ASC, 30 RR
14937791M SEP NEERAJ KUMAR, MECH INF, 35 RR
5050884H LATE RIFLEMAN RABIN SHARMA, FOURTH BATTALION THE FIRST GORKHA RIFLES (POSTHUMOUS)
5251505X RIFLEMAN BED SINGH RANA, FIRST BATTALION THE THIRD GORKHA RIFLES
13770563K RFN ANGRAZ SINGH, JAK RIF, 52 RR
13770572L RFN RAVI KUMAR, JAK RIF, 31 RR (POSTHUMOUS)
13777554L RFN ABHINASH RAI, 17 JAK RIF
G/5006436W RFN RUHITESWAR CHANGMAI, 16 ASSAM RIFLE
G/5013646Y RFN KHAMPAI WANGSU, 13 ASSAM RIFLE (POSTHUMOUS)
G/5016453K RFN AMARNATH S, 28 ASSAM RIFLE
13776342N PTR VIKRANT PARIHAR, 1 PARA (SF)
4092134P PTR JAYVEER SINGH, 9 PARA (SF)
NAO SENA MEDAL(GALLANTRY)
LT PUSHPINDER TYAGI (07452-K)
JASKARAN SINGH, CH MECH (122343-B)
AZHAR AZHARUDDIN, SEA II CD III (237737-N)
VAYU SENA MEDAL(GALLANTRY)
WING COMMANDER SUBHASH SINGH RAO (25827) FLYING (PILOT)
WING COMMANDER RAVINDER AHLAWAT (26300) FLYING (PILOT)
By The Associated Press
Arizona 0 0 1—1 Chicago 0 0 3—3
First Period_None. Penalties_Strome, ARI, (tripping), 5:29.
Second Period_None. Penalties_Keith, CHI, (tripping), 7:50; Demers, ARI, (tripping), 15:54.
Third Period_1, Chicago, Wingels 4 (Oesterle, Hayden), 7:36. 2, Arizona, Duclair 7 (Goligoski, Chychrun), 14:02. 3, Chicago, Anisimov 13 (Seabrook, Kane), 15:13. 4, Chicago, Schmaltz 5 (Kane), 16:58. Penalties_None.
Shots on Goal_Arizona 9-10-13_32. Chicago 13-7-17_37.
Power-play opportunities_Arizona 0 of 1; Chicago 0 of 2.
Goalies_Arizona, Wedgewood 3-5-3 (37 shots-34 saves). Chicago, Crawford 12-7-2 (32-31).
T_2:25.
Referees_Ghislain Hebert, Chris Lee. Linesmen_Steve Barton, Derek Nansen.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Incumbent foreign secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry has been appointed as ambassador of Pakistan to the United States, a Foreign Office statement said on Wednesday. They will take charge of the new assignment in Washington next month.
Aizaz Chaudhry has over 36 years of bilateral and multilateral experience in the field of diplomacy. Their assignments include spokesperson of the foreign ministry, additional foreign secretary for UN and Disarmament Affairs, and director general for relations with South Asian countries, among others.
Born on 27 February 1958, Chaudhry, who's replacing Jalil Abbas Jilani, holds Masters degree in International Relations from Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, Medford, Massachusetts, and a BS from the Punjab University, Lahore.
The Danbury Hatters and Greenwich Cardinals captured the first conference titles of the winter season at the FCIAC indoor track and field championships Thursday at the Floyd Little Athletic Center in New Haven.
For complete results from all events, click here
The Danbury boys team scored 88 points and won its fifth consecutive FCIAC indoor title, taking first place in four events along the way. Those wins came from Malcolm Going in the 600-meter run, Daniel Nichols in the 3,200-meter run, Chris Cledera in the 55-meter dash, and 4×400 relay team, which closed out the meet.
The Greenwich Cardinals' girls team claimed its third FCIAC championship, scoring 122 points to beat out last year's champ, Danbury, by 22. The Cards racked up a boatload of points in the relays, as they won the 4×200, 4×400 and sprint medley races. Defending their FCIAC titles were Emily Philippides in the 1,000-meter run, and Lia Zavattaro in the pole vault.
FCIAC Boys Indoor Track & Field Championship
1 – Danbury 88; 2 – Ridgefield 53; 3 – Staples 50; 4 – Warde 40; 5 – Trumbull 36; 6 – Ludlowe; 7 – New Canaan 30; 8 – Norwalk 28; 9 tie – Greenwich and Brien McMahon 25; 11 – Darien 20; 12 – Wilton 16; 13 – St. Joseph 11; 14 – Stamford 6; 15 – Westhill 2
FCIAC Girls Indoor Track & Field Championship
1 – Greenwich 122; 2 – Danbury 100; 3 – Ludlowe 72; 4 – Ridgefield 35; 5 – McMahon 29.67; 6 – St. Joseph 20.33; 7 – Trumbull 18; 8 – Norwalk 16; 8 – Wilton 14; 9 – New Canaan 13; 10 – Darien 10; 11 – Stamford 7; 12 – Staples 5, 13 – Warde 3
For complete results from all events, click here
The HAN Network carried the championship meet live. To watch on demand, click here.
Story Links
Hatter boys win fifth straight FCIAC indoor track championship
Cards edge Hatters for FCIAC girls track and field championship
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
There's an experiment underway at a few top universities around the world to make some master's degrees out there more affordable.
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology, for example, says the class of 2018 can get a master's degree in supply chain management for more than $20,000 off from the university's normal price, which runs upwards of $67,000 for the current year academic year.
But it's not as simple as sending in a coupon with your tuition bill.
It's called a "MicroMasters." MIT, Columbia University, the University of Michigan and the Rochester Institute of Technology are among a dozen or so universities globally that are giving this online program a shot.
It's not a full degree, but a sort of certificate, and can be a step toward a degree.
There are things in it for students, and for the school.
What's in it for students: cost
Let's take Danaka Porter as an example. She's a 31-year-old business consultant from Vancouver, British Columbia, and says a master's degree was exactly what they needed to boost their career.
"I found that people were a little bit more respected, I guess, once they had their master's because it was like they had taken that next step to go a little bit further," they say.
But they couldn't afford to stop working and become a full-time student again. They own a house, they say, and "I have bills, and all of that stuff that doesn't stop because I wanted to go to school."
When a friend told that MIT was piloting its first partially online master's degree in supply chain management, they signed up.
The tuition for a year in the master's of supply chain management costs $67,938. Them MicroMasters certification, though, is just $1,350.
It's called a MicroMasters because it isn't a full degree, just a step toward one, though Porter says the coursework is just as rigorous as if they were on MIT's campus in Cambridge.
"It requires a lot of effort and if you don't have a background in math, engineering or supply chain it's not a breeze. Like, we do have people that fail," they say.
Even if they pass the certification, Porter will still need to complete a semester "in residence" at full cost if they want to finish their graduate degree. It's part of what MIT calls the "blended" program — online and on-campus.
Getting accepted is no easy task. MIT says it expects to admit 40 students a year into the blended program.
Some top schools from around the world are on board with MIT.
There's user experience research and design from the University of Michigan; entrepreneurship from the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore; and artificial intelligence from Columbia University, among others.
Even if students don't go for a full master's, the online course work can make them more appealing to employers.
Industry leaders who say they can't find enough qualified candidates are looking for very specific skills like the ones being taught. GE, Walmart, IBM and Volvo have recognized MicroMasters and are encouraging their employees and job applicants to take these courses.
Some students who are enrolled in MIT's on-campus program wish these online courses had been available to them before spending big on their degrees.
"If this was an option, I think I would have considered it," says Veronica Stolear, a graduate student at MIT from Caracas, Venezuela. They quit their job in the oil industry to earn their master's in supply chain management. Ultimately, though, they think their on-campus experience will pay off.
"The in-campus program is more expensive, but you're getting also the experience of living in Boston, interacting with people from MIT that might not be in supply chain but might be in like the business school and like other types of departments," they say.
What's in it for schools: getting the best applicants
You might be wondering what MIT gets out this arrangement.
Admission officers here say they'll weigh applicants' performance in these online courses.
Anant Agarwal, an MIT professor and CEO of the online-learning platform edX that makes these online courses possible, sees it all as a way to filter the applicant pool.
"When you get applications from people all over the world, it's often a crap-shoot," they say. "You don't know the veracity of the recommendation letters or the grades. And so you're taking a bet very often."
And Agarwal says that should give MIT and other institutions a better sense of how students will perform — if they're lucky enough to get in.
The Philippine president Duterte has promised to mend fences with the Catholic Church.
The president shocked many in Asia's largest Catholic country last week by describing God as “stupid.”
The next day, they said that they were not talking about their God and was instead insulting the God of theirs critics.
“Mine has a lot of common sense,” the president said.
Duterte says they would meet the church and other religious groups in talks to defuse the affront.
Through their spokesperson, the president says they realise they need to mend bridges with the church.
Their spokesperson will hold a seat on a committee created to communicate better with the church.
“The President thought to open the dialogue because there is only one society served by both the government and the church,” they say.
Their offence came last week in a speech.
They criticised the Bible's creation story. They said, “Adam ate (the apple), then malice was born. Who is this stupid God?” they asked, according to Philippine state media.
Catholic outrage
There was widespread outrage in the devout, majority-Catholic nation.
Government officials defended the speech. They said it was Duterte's “personal belief.”
Finally, CNN Philippines says the president said, “Your God is stupid. Mine has a lot of common sense.”
Their spokesperson suggested that Duterte's claims that a priest molested them as a high schooler may have motivated their remarks.
Archbishop Socrates Villegas rebuked Duterte but called for prayers for him.
“He must have received so much rejection and hurts in the past that they blurt out so much hatred and angst now.”
Lawmakers also criticized Duterte.
One senator who has defended Duterte in the past said given a choice between following the president and God, there was no choice. “May my God forgive them and make them atone for all their sins.”
Sources:
Image: Asia News
News category: Asia Pacific.
HONOLULU (AP) — A Hawaii man accused of killing their mother months ago stuffed their dismembered body parts in seven plastic bags in the kitchen freezer of the Waikiki apartment they shared, according to court documents made public Monday.
Yu Wei Gong has been charged with second-degree murder in the death of Liu Yun Gong.
They called 911 on April 11 and said: “‘I killed my Mom,'” according to a detective's affidavit supporting an arrest warrant. When officers arrived and could not find the woman, Gong told them they were “in the fridge,” the complaint said.
An officer found what appeared to be body parts.
Advertisement
“Another covered object in the freezer felt to a different officer like a human leg and foot,” the complaint said.
Yu Wei Gong didn't speak or enter a plea during a brief court appearance Monday. Deputy Public Defender Diamond Grace requested a Mandarin interpreter for their preliminary hearing, scheduled for Wednesday. They remained in custody with bail set at $2 million.
Grace didn't immediately return a phone message seeking comment after the hearing.
Authorities say Yu Wei Gong told officers that they accidentally killed their mother in September after they became angry when the 26-year-old said they wanted to work instead of going to school.
Deputy Medical Examiner Dr. Rachel Lange determined Liu Yun Gong had suffered blunt force injuries to the head, the complaint said. Them identity was confirmed by comparing fingerprints to those on file under their Hawaii driver's license.
The manager of the apartment building where they lived told police they had not seen the man's mother since before Christmas, the complaint said.
It said Liu Yun Gong did not show up for work on Aug. 21, 2016. When a supervisor called their phone, it went unanswered. Yu Wei Gong called the supervisor the next day, saying their mother was on another Hawaiian island and had left their phone at home.
Three women watched the hearing and said outside court they wanted to support Gong spiritually because they had attended their church.
Gong and their mother, who they knew by different names, attended Waipahu United Church of Christ, said former pastor Norma Desaegher.
“He has nobody. No family as far as we can tell,” they said, adding that it's been several years since they last saw him. “We wanted to give them that spiritual support.”
Gong moved to Hawaii from China when they were 19, after their mother married an active church parishioner they met online, the women said. Mother and son stopped going to church after the man died in 2014.
The women said Gong took English classes at the church and moved with their mother and step-father to Waikiki so they could pursue a massage business.
“We just wanted people to know they were a good family” Desaegher said.
By Sarah Carroll
Adam Levine is one overprotective father and they don't care who knows it.
When we asked the Maroon 5 frontman how fatherhood has changed him, they had one very simple answer.
"Just changed the way I feel about dudes!" they admitted. "I'm like, unreasonable. Like, my daughter's a year and a half. I see some little kid checking them out or talking to her, I'll be like, 'Who's that? Who's that?'"
Levine and wife Behati Prinsloo also have a two month old daughter named Gio Grace Levine.
"All jokes aside, there is an element of that, that is real," they continued. "Like, when you think to yourself, 'Wow, I can't believe I'm kind of pissed at this little person right now for, like, being near my daughter.' You know what though? You gotta control that because that's going to come back to bite you."
92.7 BIG FM, one of India's largest radio networks brings back Yaadon Ka Idiot Box with Neelesh Misra – an iconic show that truly pioneered the storytelling genre on the radio. Captivating listeners with enchanting tales for the last four successful seasons, the show has been an absolute favourite not only with the audience but also among advertisers across categories.Narrated by magician storyteller Neelesh Misra, who has the knack of creating a theatre of the mind experience for listeners,Yaadon Ka Idiot Boxis all set to raise the bar in its fifth edition and provide a premier storytelling experience to the audience.
Airing across 53 stations, the latest offering will feature regular people's extraordinary stories and is slated to go on-air from 2ndJuly 2018 on weekdays between 10 pm-11pm.
On the launch of Season 5 of Yaadon Ka Idiot Box with Neelesh Misra, Asheesh Chatterjee, Chief Financial Officer, Reliance Broadcast Network Limited said, “Yaadon Ka Idiot Box Season 5 has a huge brand recall and loyal listenership across the network. It is a show that creates a huge impact for brands and a great opportunity for us to present unique clutter breaking solutions for advertisers. We are already in talks with brands for long term deals with integrated offerings, bundled FCT and digital spike for the show.”
Speaking about Yaadon Ka Idiot Box with Neelesh Misra Season 5, Sunil Kumaran, Country Head, Thwink BIG said, “The format of the show coupled with Neelesh's exceptional style made for a formidable combination in creating one of the most engaging and first-of-its-kind offerings on radio. Neelesh is one of the best orators in the country and they bring their distinctive style to the show. Given its innate popularity, the show has been well received and will continue to serve as a beneficial offering for all the stakeholders involved. The new season will be a reflection on the transformation that India is going through as it leaps ahead on the development path.We are confident that the show will set new standards in radio listenership.”
Talking about their association with BIG FM and Yaadon Ka Idiot Box Season 5, Neelesh Misra said, “BIG FM is probably the only network that had the conviction to take a risk of launching a storytelling show on radio, when we first introduced YaadonKa Idiot Box back in 2011. With their absolute belief in the format and the network's reach, BIG FM did complete justice to the show. I am glad to be a part of the BIG family once again as we look to bring back Yaadon Ka Idiot Box.”
With an intent to take listeners on yet another exhilarating experience, Neelesh Misra and their team of prolific writershave scripted soul-stirring stories weaved around the transforming nation that we live in. Yaadon Ka Idiot Box has garnered unprecedented success and created a legacy of its own; making path breaking records by reaching millions of listeners in its past seasons. As India's most awarded radio show, the offering has received accolades for titles like Best Radio programme under Hindi category and RJ of the year at IRF in 2016 in addition to several other awards.
Craving Italian food? You're in luck: a new business has opened its doors in Lakeview. Called Tutto Fresco , the new addition is located at 2901 N. Ashland Ave.After a seven-year run at 3829 N. Broadway, Tutto Fresco has made its way to Lakeview, with the same menu of Italian appetizers, soups, salads, pastas and pizzas.Start your meal off with sauteed mussels in a choice of marinara or garlic oil lemon sauce, or beef carpaccio, thin slices of filet mignon with lemon, olive oil, capers and parmigiano cheese. For pasta, choose from a classic plate of spaghetti marinara or opt for something the popular linguine Alondra, featuring shrimp sauteed with garlic, shallots and broccoli and served in a white wine and dijon butter sauce.The new arrival has proven popular thus far, with a 4.5-star rating out of seven reviews on Yelp.Nora H., who was among the first Yelpers to review the new spot on May 13, said, "Lovely neighborhood place. It has great pasta and comfort food. This moved from Broadway, and it is as good as it used to be and in a better space!"Rebecca S. added , "We've been waiting for a replacement for our favorite Italian restaurant, Fiorentino's, and Tutto Fresco delivers. Delicious pastas; the gnocchi and lobster ravioli were both amazing. The kids loved the spaghetti and the gelato."Swing on by to take a peek for yourself: Tutto Fresco is open from 5 p.m.-10 p.m. on Monday-Thursday, 5 p.m.-11 p.m. on Friday and Saturday, and 3 p.m.-9 p.m. on Sunday.
OAKLAND, Calif. — Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference finals.
The Warriors said Iguodala, who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20, was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding their knee. Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala wouldn't play until they can run without pain. They will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday's Game 2.
Kevin Love's status for Cleveland remained unclear as they went through the concussion protocol after they were injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston. They aren't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena, where the Warriors host the series opener.
___
Bengaluru: Former Infosys Chief Financial Officer V Balakrishnan on Monday said it was not a matter of whistleblower's emotions, but of legality for Sebi to decide on denying company's consent plea in connection with ex-CFO Rajiv Bansal's severance payment case.
"The whistleblower has said whatever they want to say as per their viewpoint.. These are legal issues decided based on merits and not individual's emotions.. What Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a regulator thinks and decides is all that matters," Balakrishnan told PTI here.
Earlier this year, a whistleblower had written to the market regulator over alleged lapses in the Panaya deal and Bansal's severance pay.
The letter had stated that the package was decided by the then CEO Vishal Sikka and then general counsel David Kennedy.
The whistle-blower had asked why Infosys was reluctant in disclosing answers surrounding the "hush money."
While it is a norm for companies to settle cases via the backdoor, it should not be allowed this time and Sebi should prosecute both the board and management, they said in the letter.
The whistleblower had argued that a settlement was similar to a "backdoor agreement," and if Infosys is allowed to do so, then "no whistleblower in future will take the pain to expose any malpractices in the corporate sector."
"The whistle-blower may strongly feel about the issues they had raised.. The regulator will follow the due legal process and decide," Balakrishnan reiterated.
The letter has brought allegations of poor corporate governance to the fore again after Infosys filed an application for settlement.
This has spurred Balakrishnan and another former CFO T V Mohandas Pai to launch an attack against the company, whose board is now led by Co Founder Nandan Nilekani.
Balakrishnan has demanded the resignation of board members, Roopa Kudva and Ravi Venkatesan in the matter.
Yesterday, board member Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw had exchanged barbs with Pai on Twitter, saying, "The matters were reinvestigated (a)n(d) no wrong doings were found by new Chairman.. Let's bring this to a closure and move on.. It helps no one."?
Earlier this week, Infosys had submitted a settlement application to Sebi with regard to issues surrounding the severance package of Bansal.
The company had said it wanted to resolve allegations that the severance payment was decided without seeking prior consent from the audit committee and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.
Yesterday, Mohandas Pai had disapproved whistleblower's demand asking Sebi to prosecute the IT giant's management and the Board.
They had also said Infosys' move to settle with Sebi the alleged disclosure lapses involving a severance pact is "perfectly fine."
Infosys had decided to pay Rs 17.38 crore as severance payment to the then CFO Bansal in 2015.
However, it only paid Rs 5 crore to him, holding back Rs 12 crore.
Napa/Calistoga
Quebec City (and beyond)
Canoe Bay Chetek, Wisconsin
Chattanooga, Tennessee
Summer is peak vacation time but what if you don't have the time or budget for an extravagant trip? Travel and lifestyle expert Jetta Bates Vasilatos, star of Bravo TV's "Tour Group," stopped by with some great ideas.Visit their website JettaSetting.com Here are their suggestions:Here are some wineries. Hestan tasting room: The 2008 Stephanie Cabernet Sauvignon, a complex, lightly spicy wine tasting of caramel and currants. Darioush: Their visitor's center, with the sky-touching columns, mixes Persian golden age glam with modern chic. The portfolio tasting, is a must. Tamber Bey Winery: The Wild West aesthetic is a fun contrast to other wineries. A custom cookie-and-wine pairing experience is offered. Also, they have beautiful performance horses and the expansive grounds. Domaine Carneros: Their tasting room is housed in a gorgeous mansion, with a roaring fireplace, on a sweeping estate. The sparkling tasting flight is divine and the vibrant, floral Brut Rose, which gives up wild strawberries and hints of juicy peach is very good.1. Gott's Roadside , a gourmet burger joint that uses fresh, local ingredients (The garlic fries!)2. The chicken and waffles at Boon Fly Cafe 3. The elaborate "chef's choice" Japanese cuisine tasting menu at Morimoto , overseen by the eponymous Chef Masaharu Morimoto of Iron Chef fame. Solage Calistoga has that luxe country/vineyard vibe vs a "city" vibe. You feel like you are on vacation. They can check-in guests at the car, drive the car to your accommodations, and unloaded the luggage, allowing you to go straight to a delicious dinner at their Michelin-starred restaurant, Solbar. After, they can pick up guests and drive you back to a spacious, sleek studio with a patio and working fireplace.Get a designated driver from Pure Luxury. Their all-inclusive rate starts at around $100 per hour or so for a sedan (three-hour minimum).Quebec City Summer Festival July 5-15Passes start at only $100 for 11 days of music - 8 stages Sample of headline acts: The Weeknd, Future, Shawn Mendes, Foo Fighters Auberge Montagne Coupee (quaint and affordable - suites start at $150 per night)Rustic Sugar offers classic Canadian comfort dishes, housemade maple syrup and taffy on snow.Delicious, original jellies and spreads.The owners have been sheep farmers since 1985. At the farm, they transform the meat and create delicatessen products of 100% lamb: cuts, sausages, merguez, terrines, etc.The farm F.X. Pichet and has been producing organic milk for over 25 years. Go here for local cheeses made from non-pasteurized organic milk. All of their processing and manufacturing practices follow the tradition of artisanal cheesemaking.A dynamic and hospitable bison farm offering interpretation, meat and other products directly to consumers. AND you get to meet the bison.The Experience tour at BOREALIS is an opportunity to discover the great adventure of pulp and paper in Quebec through themes such as logging, water, factory work, lumberjacks and log drivers, and the emergence of working-class districts. You can also attend a papermaking workshop and go on a scavenger hunt in the museum's underground vaults. An experience not to be missed! (This tour is in English only in the summer)Roll around in fields of lavender and organic product. Le Trou Du Diable (the devil's hole)Here you will have the chance to enjoy unique beer that will satisfy a variety of tastes...and don't miss checking out the brewer in action, and elicit some answers to your questions about the brewing environment. Canoe Bay is a Kid-Free ZoneThese adults-only cabins are designed for two adults (couples are optimum); so be sure to call the sitter (the same goes for our four-legged babies).Accommodations start at $350715.924.4594Cool road trip (about 9 hours)Pro tip: Stop on the way to visit the Corvette Museum in Bowling Green and Mammoth Caves in Kentucky1. Hang gliding - Lookout Mountain Hang Gliding...explore the city by air.2. Explore Ruby Falls - 1,120 feet below Lookout Mountain is Ruby Falls, a breathtaking 145-foot underground waterfall.3. Paddling on the Ococee River - Located only an hour away from downtown Chattanooga. It is a beautiful nature escape for paddlers of all levels.4. Hang in Bluff View Art District, a historic neighborhood in Chattanooga filled with restaurants, Rembrant's Coffee House (for smooth java), art gallery, as well as plenty of gardens to explore and relax in. Chill in The River Gallery Sculpture Garden is the perfect place to spend an afternoon. Admire public artworks or enjoy stunning views of the beautiful Tennessee River.5. Stay at The Dwell Hotel, which is swanky, bright, hip and new.
BEIJING (AP) — China defended its trade practices on Tuesday after Chinese-made vehicles were seen towing ballistic missiles during a North Korea military parade despite international sanctions against selling military hardware to Pyongyang.
Saturday's parade honoring North Korea's country's founder, Kim Il Sung, came amid heightened tensions over the country's nuclear ambitions. It featured a senior official, Choe Ryong Hae, warning of “all-out war” if North Korea is attacked.
Photos provided by the North Korean government showed the submarine-launched missiles being pulled by trucks bearing the logo of the Chinese company Sinotruk.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang said China conducts “normal” business with its neighbor North Korea while adhering to sanctions imposed beginning in 2006 by the U.N. Security Council.
Advertisement
“China has been performing its international obligations strictly, including those stipulated in the Security Council resolution. But meanwhile, we carry on normal economic exchanges and trade with all parties including North Korea,” Lu said.
China accounts for an estimated 80 percent of North Korea's foreign trade, along with crucial food and fuel assistance.
A sales manager for a Sinotruck dealer, Zhongnanhai, said the company exports about 1,000 trucks to North Korea every year under contracts that specify the vehicles are designed and manufactured for civilian use.
Zhongnanhai sells the trucks to a dealer in the border city of Dandong before they are resold to North Korea, they said.
“We fully comply with the government regulations. If they are used by North Korea for military purpose, they must have been modified by the North Korean side,” said the sales manager, who would give only their surname, Wang.
They added that their company has “no way to monitor and approve the use of the trucks by North Korea.”
International observers have warned that over the past decade North Korea has become adept at circumventing the U.N. sanctions, particularly so-called dual-use equipment that has both military and civilian applications.
North Korea makes use of “weak transshipment regulations, falsified cargo declarations and shipping documents, reflagging and disguised materials to import banned materials,” according to a 2015 report for the European Union Institute for Security Studies.
___
Associated Press news assistant Yu Bing contributed to this report.
San Antonio, TX (Dec. 11, 2017) - An alternative animal model that mimics key features of the Zika virus infection, including its lingering presence in bodily fluids, has been developed at Texas Biomedical Research Institute in San Antonio. Acute infections in male marmosets, a New World monkey, resemble the human illness the Zika virus creates in people, including the presence of the virus in semen, saliva and urine up to two weeks after the initial infection.
The research is featured in a December 7, 2017 article in the journal Scientific Reports.
The primary mode of transmission of the Zika virus is through mosquito bites. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the disease can be spread through sexual contact.
Like 80% of humans infected with the Zika virus, most of the non-human primates used in this study lacked any apparent clinical symptoms. "Given the key similarities to human infections, a marmoset model of Zika may be useful for testing of new drug and vaccines," said Texas Biomedical Research Institute virologist Jean Patterson, Ph.D. "Having an animal model of Zika infection to study may help us identify places where we might be able to block transmission."
A year ago, Texas saw its first documented cases of the Zika virus transmitted by local mosquitoes. That handful of cases along the Texas-Mexico border likely won't be the state's last encounter with this emerging virus, according to public health reports.
Zika was first identified in Africa in the mid-20th century. It emerged as an infectious threat in the Western hemisphere in Brazil in 2015 where it made news for creating a spate of birth defects, including the devastating brain anomaly microcephaly.
While rhesus and cynomolgus macaque models of the Zika virus are being studied, the common marmoset (Callithrix jacchus) is a good model since they are small (about the size of a rat).
"That size can be an advantage when testing experimental vaccines and therapeutics that are available in limited quantities," explained Suzette Tardif, Ph.D., the Associate Director of Research at the Southwest National Primate Research Center at Texas Biomed.
These monkeys have been shown to have a high susceptibility to infection by a variety of pathogens including Ebola virus and Lassa virus that affect humans, making marmosets useful for drug and vaccine testing.
Recently, Zika virus was discovered in serum and saliva from marmosets living in the wild in Brazil, suggesting that these non-human primates are "a potential reservoir for maintaining Zika virus in endemic countries," according to Patterson's report.
Scientists around the world are working to discover more about how the disease is transmitted from pregnant mother to the fetus, including scientists at Texas Biomed. The Institute works with the Brazilian, Puerto Rican and African strains of the Zika virus in its Biosafety Level 2 Laboratory.
"We don't know where it (the Zika virus) will emerge, but we know more cases will show up in the United States," Patterson emphasized. "It's befuddling the epidemiologists."
Zika research at Texas Biomed has been supported by numerous individual donations.
The marmosets used in this newly-published study are part of a colony of more than 2,500 non-human primates at the Southwest National Primate Research Center. SNPRC has a long-standing commitment to treating its animals humanely and with the highest regard for their well-being for the sake of the animals and the quality of our research programs.
###
Leading Liberal Democrats have written to the Chancellor calling for new, dedicated money from the Treasury to fund teachers' future pay rises and are seeking cross-party support.
The call comes amid fears that the Government will accept a pay rise for teachers, but won't provide schools extra money to fund for it.
The Liberal Democrats MP argues that schools are “under huge financial pressures” and it is the responsibility of the Chancellor to “save them and their pupils from the inevitable consequences of a further erosion in the funding.”
The School Teachers Pay Review body has been looking into the issue of teachers pay and has made recommendations to the Government, which Education Ministers are due to respond to shortly.
The party's Education Spokesperson Layla Moran has written to MPs seeking cross-party support for the campaign.
Commenting, Liberal Democrat Education Spokesperson Layla Moran said:
“We have seen school spending slashed, resulting in a narrowing curriculum and dedicated, hardworking teachers being forced out of the profession they love. Up and down the country, parents are already fundraising to pay for resources for schools. This shows the scale of the problem. “Our hardworking teachers deserve a pay rise, but quite simply schools will not be able to cope if they have to fund pay increases from existing budgets. “Despite raising this issue several times in Parliament, Education Ministers are refusing to say if they will give schools the money they need to pay for any increases in pay. “Cross-party support is building. The Government must commit to new funding to ensure teachers get a decent pay rise without placing extra pressure on school budgets.”
* Tahir Maher is a member of the LDV editorial team
Most seasons, the Ridgefield High girls hockey team is among the best in both the conference and the state.
Last winter? Not so much.
The Tigers slumped to a 5-15 record, failing to qualify for any postseason tournaments.
“It wasn't the type of season we are used to having,” said Lauren Lubrano, the head coach of the Ridgefield-Danbury combined squad. “We're hoping to get back to where we have been in the past.”
Early signs are encouraging. The Tigers return most of their key players from last season and add several immediate-impact freshmen.
“I can already tell that we are much improved,” said Lubrano. “The practices are a lot different. Last year we had such a big gap between our top players and everyone else that practices were not very competitive.”
Although Ridgefield had just four seniors on last year's roster, two of them will be particularly missed: Defenseman Erin Schneider and goalie Michaela Gleeson. A pair of four-year starters, Schneider and Gleeson both made the All-FCIAC second team last season.
“Those are two holes to fill,” said Lubrano. “But I think some of the younger players are ready to step in.”
Three of Ridgefield's freshmen — center Emily Stefanelli and wingers Julia Bongo and Kate Zangre — will likely form the team's top line. “They all have experience and are very skilled,” said Lubrano. “We're hoping they provide some of the offensive production that we lacked last year.”
Senior Kate McNicholas is the front-runner to center the Tigers' second line, with classmate Olivia Alessandro and sophomore Zella Ertl on the wings.
Also expected to contribute as forwards are seniors Sarah Gillis, Sandy Turner and Gretchen Peters; junior Diana Gozman; sophomores Aubrey White and Cait Irving; and first-year student Rebecca Gartner.
“We have some good depth,” said Lubrano. “Our third and fourth lines are probably better than our first and second lines last season.”
Three more newcomers — freshmen Bridget Galloway, Julia Zangre and Allyson Caiola — will join senior Lauren Whelan and sophomore Chiara Signorelli as Ridgefield's top-five defensemen. Signorelli was impressive as a first-year student last winter, receiving All-FCIAC honorable mention along with classmate Ertl.
“The defense lost Erin Schneider, but this group can really skate and move the puck,” said Lubrano. “I feel confident about how they will play, even though it's a young group.”
Ridgefield's revamp continues in goal, as sophomore Kendal Mountain (a converted forward) takes over for Gleeson. “Kendal tried it out and found they liked playing goalie,” said Lubrano. “She really worked at it over the season, and I'm not nearly as nervous as I was last year when I was wondering how we would replace Michaela (Gleeson).”
The Tigers will even have a second netminder this winter, as sophomore Reagan Bonadies enters the program after moving to Ridgefield.
“I like what I have seen so far,” said Lubrano. “This team looks to be a lot better. We're young, but I think we are going to surprise people.”
Notes: After having its scheduled opener postponed Saturday, Ridgefield starts the 2017-18 season tomorrow (Dec. 12) at 6:25 p.m. against Mercy/Northwest Catholic at the Champions Skating Center in Cromwell.
Ridgefield's first home game is Friday at 3:45 p.m. against Stamford/Westhill/Staples at the Winter Garden.
Alessandro, Turner and Stefanelli are the three players from Danbury.
Senior Nicole Potel is serving as the team's manager after being ruled out for the season due to injury.
Former RHS standout Laura Mulligan has joined the coaching staff as an assistant.
Ander Herrera admits Manchester United's loss to bitter rivals City felt like a "big punch", with the midfielder frustrated by the manner of their defeat and infuriated by their booking for diving.
Jose Mourinho's men saw their club record-equalling 40-match unbeaten home run come to an untimely end on Sunday as they lost to neighbours Manchester City in a heated encounter.
Pep Guardiola's runaway Premier League leaders opened up an 11-point gap on second-place United with the 2-1 win at Old Trafford, where Nicolas Otamendi secured victory after seeing Marcus Rashford cancel out David Silva's opener.
The eye-watering gap means the Red Devils are 16-1 with some bookmakers to win the title after just 16 matches, but there is little chance of them giving up.
"It's hard to lose the way we did because we have lost with two unlucky goals," midfielder Herrera said.
"Apart from that I don't think they created too much just I think in the first half one good action by Gabriel Jesus, and they shot on David (De Gea)'s hands.
"After that I think we controlled the game. It is true we played most of the time in our half, but we didn't have too many problems.
"It's a real pity to lose the way we did. It was very unlucky. the first goal the rebound went to Silva and the second Romelu (Lukaku)'s clearance kicked the back of Chris (Smalling).
"It is very disappointing to lose the way did. The only thing we can think now is we are still second, we want to keep chasing them.
"I know it is difficult, but we want to keep winning games and now beating Bournemouth (on Wednesday) is all we can do.
"It is a big punch because of the way we lost.
"When you play against City you can expect to have problems when they have the ball, but we didn't have too many problems when they had the ball, that's why we feel even more disappointed."
What sticks in the craw even more for Herrera is the second-half booking they collected for diving in the box.
The Spaniard was fuming at the decision not to award them a penalty, let alone referee Michael Oliver handing them a yellow card for simulation.
"I think the penalty is amazing," Herrera said, having shown reporters video of Otamendi making contact with him.
"He didn't expect to arrive for the ball. I touched the ball first and they stamped on my foot. I think everyone saw it.
"Everyone can make mistakes too, also the referee, I didn't deserve the yellow card. In the first half the same situations with Gabriel Jesus and (Leroy) Sane and they didn't get yellow cards.
"Now that is my fourth yellow card and that is a big problem for me because I want to play every game."
Asked about the current appeal process - or rather lack of - for a yellow card, Herrera said: "In Spain if you get something undeserved you can appeal and they take it out.
"That is one of the things that could improve the Premier League because it is an amazing thing, an amazing competition.
"In my opinion the organisation is the best in the world, but it is a real shame that if you don't deserve a yellow card you cannot appeal afterwards. Hopefully one day that rule can change."
Scroll for more content...
A man who wrestled for Ohio State University about 30 years ago says university officials, including an assistant coach who is now a US member of congress, knew about allegations of sexual abuse by a doctor who treated members of the school's athletic teams.
Mike DiSabato, who competed in four seasons between 1987 and 1991, said Tuesday that they believe Jim Jordan, an Ohio Republican who is a founder of the House Freedom Caucus, knew about the alleged abuse by team doctor Richard Strauss during the eight years Jordan was an assistant coach.
Others who also knew included the team's coach and the school's athletic directors, DiSabato said. They could not be reached for comment.
Jordan has denied knowing about any allegations of abuse and said they will cooperate with investigators.
Strauss died in 2005.
Here's what we know about the allegations and the investigation commissioned by the university.
What does DiSabato say happened?
DiSabato said they were groped by Strauss dozens of times.
"I never saw Doc Strauss over a nine-year time frame (including DiSabato's time as a graduate student) where they didn't ask me to -- where I went to see them for medicine or whatever, finger injury, shoulder, knee -- where they did not want to examine my testicles," they said. "He groped. Every time."
They said they were forced to let it happen.
"If you wanted your meds, if you wanted to stay healthy ... so that you could stay on scholarship, you grinned and beared it, so to speak," they said.
DiSabato later said their first interaction with Strauss was when they were a 14-year-old. Strauss, they said, was conducting research on body fat and high school wrestlers, and DiSabato was a subject.
The body fat test included a genital exam, something "I know (now) to be unnecessary," DiSabato said.
Why do they think Jordan knew about the reported abuse?
The former wrestler said they were close with Jordan and coach Russ Hellickson. That Strauss was a "serial groper" was talked about openly in the team's locker room and known throughout the athletic department, they said.
DiSabato said they don't know what Jordan did with the information, and they didn't blame the former coach for the doctor's alleged conduct, saying Jordan -- an OSU assistant coach from 1986 to 1994 -- was not responsible for the abuse or the team's training environment.
Jordan's office said they "never saw any abuse, never heard about any abuse, and never had any abuse reported to them during their time as a coach at Ohio State."
Jordan will assist investigators in any way they ask, "because if what is alleged is true, the victims deserve a full investigation and justice," according to their office's statement.
CNN was unsuccessful in attempts to get comment from Hellickson.
What does DiSabato think about Jordan's reaction?
DiSabato said the statement from Jordan's office is "just not true."
"I think the member of congress may be playing semantics with the word. I don't think Jim and/or a lot of folks -- coaches, administrators -- really understood that touching a man's genitals without the need to do so is ... a definition of sexual abuse and sexual assault," DiSabato said.
Are there other people making similar allegations?
The university said it has received allegations of sexual misconduct by Strauss from male members of 14 sports teams and from patients of the school's student health services unit.
The sports are baseball, cheerleading, cross-country, fencing, football, gymnastics, hockey, lacrosse, soccer, swimming, tennis, track, volleyball and wrestling.
A law firm looking into the case is also investigating whether Strauss examined high school students, the university said.
How many people have been interviewed?
According to the university, more than 150 people have been asked questions. They are described as former students and witnesses.
When did Strauss work for the university?
Strauss was employed from 1978 to 1998. He:
• joined the school's clinical faculty and medical staff as an attending physician in September 1978;
• served as a team physician for the school's sports teams from July 1981 to June 1995;
• was a part-time physician for the student health services unit from July 1994 to August 1996;
• resigned from the school's medical staff at the end of 1994 but remained on faculty as professor emeritus until their retirement in July 1998.
What officials does DiSabato say knew about abuse allegations?
DiSabato said they told Jim Jones, the athletic director from 1987 to 1994, when they presented their master's thesis on issues of substance and sexual abuse among athletes at the school.
DiSabato said they believe that Jones' successor, Andy Geiger, also knew because DiSabato said two athletes told them they reported the abuse to Geiger.
CNN has reached out to Jones and Geiger, but neither has responded to requests for comment.
What has the university said about the allegations?
It said it began the investigative process in late March after a former student -- DiSabato told CNN they talked with university officials that month -- reported allegations of sexual misconduct.
"Our efforts will continue to be focused on uncovering what may have happened during this era, what university leaders at the time may have known, and whether any response at the time was appropriate. Once the independent investigation has been completed, we will be in a position to consider what further action may be appropriate." The university said it also has been in contact with law enforcement and prosecutors in case a criminal investigation is warranted.
Ohio State said it also is "investigating whether, and to what extent, Dr. Strauss may have examined high school-aged students during their time at the university."
Who is doing the investigation?
The law firm that represents the university hired another group, Perkins Coie, which has 19 offices in the United States and Asia, to conduct the inquiry.
There is no timetable for the investigation, officials said.
Supermodel Cindy Crawford and their hospitality entrepreneur husband Rande Gerber look likely to take a loss on the luxe Malibu investment property they're trying to sell after chopping $10 million off the price tag.
The genetically blessed serial property investors were originally asking $60 million for the secluded 5,254-square-foot beachfront house when it first went on the market in November, but this week cut the price of the abode, which dates back to 1944, to $50 million.
This means they are likely to take a loss as they paid $50.5 million for it in 2015 through a private trust, according to property records, before undertaking no doubt costly renovations.
The four-bedroom house is set on three acres of land and boasts a great room with floor-to-ceiling sliding glass doors with panoramic views of the Pacific Ocean, a large wraparound deck with a fire pit and a tennis court, according to the listing.
The couple lives nearby with their two teenage children, budding models Presley and Kaia, who recently took fashion weeks in New York, London, Paris and Milan by storm.
The price cut comes not long after it emerged that the Nineties supermodel and tequila entrepreneur Gerber spent $11.6 million on a midcentury modern-style Los Angeles home owned by OneRepublic frontman Ryan Tedder.
The couple and George Clooney and their wife, Amal, also sold a pair of vacation homes they developed together in Mexico's Los Cabos on the southern tip of Mexico's Baja peninsula for $100 million in 2016.
This summer Gerber and their longtime friend, Clooney, sold the tequila brand Casamigos Tequila they founded together to drinks company Diageo for a figure thought to be in the region of $1 billion.
A rep for Crawford and colisting agents Chris Cortazzo of Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage and Kurt Rappaport of Westside Estate Agency Homes did not respond to requests for comment.
A $24 million federal and state plan announced Tuesday aims to protect the Montauk Point Lighthouse from erosion by fortifying the nearby shoreline.
The structure, a national landmark and the first lighthouse built in New York State, sat 300 feet from the coast when it was built in 1796. Today, because of erosion, it is less than 100 feet from the ocean.
The project, announced by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, calls for enlarging the coastal rock wall, also known as a revetment, which deflects wave energy and protects the bluff. Work on the plan, crafted through agreements with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the Montauk Historical Society, which owns the lighthouse property, could begin in December, the governor said.
“Generations of visitors have experienced the culture and beauty of Montauk Point, and New York is committed to ensuring this historic landmark remains a sought-after attraction on Long Island for decades to come,” Cuomo said in a statement.
Severe storms have shifted rocks as heavy as 12 tons and deteriorated the wall, according to Gregory Donohue, a historical society board member and the erosion control director for the lighthouse.
The rock wall “is still viable and healthy; however, some of the slope angles were not engineered properly,” they said, adding that it would have been a matter of time before the structure was no longer effective. “This is going to keep this building here for 100 years. This is a phenomenal success story.”
Designs for the project are expected to be completed soon and work is estimated to take 18 months, according to the governor. The state Department of Environmental Conservation will cover 35 percent of the cost and the federal government will fund the rest.
Construction is expected to cost $20.5 million, with engineering and design budgeted at $1.5 million, and construction supervision and management are anticipated to cost $1.9 million, according to a DEC spokesperson. New stone will be installed on top of existing stone to reinforce the bluff, as well as level areas for walking and fishing.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Not everyone agrees that armoring the shoreline is the best way to protect the lighthouse, however. Representatives of the Eastern Long Island chapter of the Surfrider Foundation have advocated instead for relocating the 222-year-old structure inland, a strategy successfully accomplished with lighthouses at Cape Hatteras in North Carolina and on Nantucket in Massachusetts. Chapter chairperson Andrew Brosnan said expanding the rock wall raises environmental concerns and could affect nearby surf breaks.
As to other areas in the region vulnerable to erosion, East Hampton Town began work earlier this month on a $1.05 million beach replenishment project to rebuild an artificial dune constructed by the Army Corps that was decimated by the nor'easters. And consultants working with the town have advocated for a strategic retreat inland for some oceanfront businesses in Montauk's downtown corridor.
Last year a court in Brussels ruled that Jacques Boël was legally Delphine Boël's father, though DNA evidence shows that they were not their biological father. As a result of last year's verdict there was no reason to investigate whether King Albert was Delphine Boël's natural father. Lawyers representing the artist are appealing against last year's ruling, but as this procedure can take many moons they are also requesting that DNA evidence is collected from King Albert and Jacques Boël now. They point to the age of both King Albert and Boël senior.
Even if DNA evidence is collected now the appeal will still be considered by a court.
AARF Animal Rescue & Sanctuary is a non-profit shelter and foster based dog and cat rescue group, located at 6639 S. Country Road, Mayer, on a 10-acre property, will soon be open, according to a news release.
Animals from overcrowded shelters and within our community will be selected, evaluated and vetted for adoption. AARF will be staffed by volunteers and supported through tax-deductible donations and grants.
Liz Stegmeir, who managed Circle L Ranch's dog rescue for seven years, is the board president of AARF. Stegmeir is well known and highly regarded in the rescue community.
The remaining board is comprised of local seasoned rescuers dedicated to assisting the community resolve the plight of homeless pets through education, training and vetting surrendered pets and networking with other local resources to address homeless animal situations, the news release from Board Secretary Toby Frost states.
“We are asking for our community's help to achieve AARF's vision. Please see our Facebook page aarfanimalrescue for the ‘Wish List' and other information,” Frost wrote. “We also welcome volunteers with various skills, time and creative ideas.
“If you love animals and want to save lives, this is definitely the ‘place to be.'”
To volunteer or offer support, or learn more about AARF, contact Liz at aarfanimalrescue@gmail.com.
AARF is now seeking fosters, positive-dog trainers, dog and cat care givers, construction workers and fundraising planners.
AARF also accepts donations — checks or gift cards can be mailed to AARF Animal Rescue, 6639 S. Country Road, Mayer, AZ 86333. Please indicate if you want it used for a specific purpose or item.
AARF's “Wish list” is on Amazon at this link https://www.amazon.com/gp/registry/wishlist/CK6EGVJ9KMMW/ref=nav_wishlist_lists_1.
There is also a Go Fund Me page under AARF https://www.gofundme.com/one-by-one-until-there-are-none.
For more information, call 928-925-7219.
Sleep aids linked to the deaths of 12 babies have been pulled from Tesco shelves.
eBay has also withdrawn the items from sale, but other British supermarkets and high street retailers as well online firms are still selling the baby sleep positioners.
Tesco and eBay say they have stopped selling the baby sleep positioners, which have been linked to 12 deaths in the US, with Mothercare reportedly following suit.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had previously advised parents not to use the products, and renewed its advice this week, re-emphasising its warning that the pillows can cause newborns to suffocate.
The sleep positioners, also called “nests” or “anti-roll” cushions, are supposed to help babies to get to sleep, but instead there are fears that they could cut off a baby's oxygen.
According to the FDA, the deaths occurred when babies rolled from their sides onto their fronts before they stopped breathing.
The Lullaby Trust (www.lullabytrust.org.uk), a cot death charity which advises the NHS, offers an advice sheet which states: “There is no need to use any type of equipment or rolled up blankets to keep your baby in one position unless you have been advised by a health professional for a specific medical condition.
“It is much safer for your baby to be in their cot with just the sheets or blankets, and no extras which could be pulled over their face or cause an accident.”
VANCOUVER — The B.C. Lions have signed receiver Emmanuel Arceneaux to a contract for the 2018 season.
The seven-year Canadian Football League veteran had 100 catches for 1,137 yards and six touchdowns last season with the Lions. They were eligible to enter free agency in February.
"Signing Emmanuel is a significant step toward our goal of keeping our core of talented and productive veterans, as well as building the most talented roster possible for 2018," general manager Ed Hervey said in a release. "He is one of the CFL's premier receivers and their leadership is a critical part of the culture we want in our dressing room."
The two-time CFL all-star has 524 receptions for 7,616 receiving yards and 54 touchdowns over their career, all spent with the Lions. Their career reception total puts them second all-time to Geroy Simon's 904 while their receiving yards place them third behind Simon (14,756) and Jim Young (9,248).
Earlier, the Lions named Torey Hunter as director of player personnel and player development.
Hunter had been a regional scout with the Edmonton Eskimos for the past four seasons.
A graduate of Washington State and a draft selection of the Houston Oilers, Hunter played defensive back with both the Eskimos and Montreal Alouettes before moving into the NCAA coaching ranks in 2002.
Serving on coaching staffs at Western Washington, Idaho State, Central Washington, Eastern Washington and Idaho, Hunter made their way back to the CFL in 2014 with Edmonton.
Hervey said Neil McEvoy will remain in place as the Lions' director of football operations, while Simon will stay on as director of Canadian scouting, and add the job of CFL draft co-ordinator to their role.
The GCC medical gloves market is estimated to increase from US$ 99.5 Mn in 2016 to US$ 240.8 Mn by 2026, registering a CAGR of 9.2% over the forecast period 2016–2026, according to the latest report titled “GCC Medical Gloves Market: Industry Analysis & Opportunity Assessment, 2016-2026” published by Future Market Insights.
According to Future Market Insights analysts, an increasing awareness regarding hygiene and health and safety is boosting the growth of the GCC medical gloves market. A growing prevalence of pandemic diseases such as Swine flu (H1N1 pandemic), HIV, and Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS); and an increase in the number of elective treatments such as plastic surgery, liposuction, rhinoplasty, breast augmentation, breast reduction, facial rejuvenation, and blepharoplasty are some of the other factors augmenting market growth.
Segmentation highlights
The GCC medical gloves market has been segmented on the basis of Product Type (Examination Gloves, Surgical Gloves, Chemotherapy Gloves); Form (Powdered Form Gloves, Powder-Free Form Gloves); End Use (Hospital Use, Clinic Use, Ambulatory Surgery Centre Use, Diagnostic Imaging Centre Use, Rehabilitation Centre Use); Type of Raw Material (Latex Material Gloves, Nitrile Rubber Material Gloves, Vinyl Rubber Material Gloves, Polyisoprene Material Gloves); Type of Use (Disposable Medical Gloves, Re-usable Medical Gloves); and Distribution Channel (Direct Selling Channel, Medical Store Channel, E-Commerce Channel, Other (Retail Store or Hypermarket) Channel).
The examination gloves segment is estimated to be valued at US$ 56.5 Mn by the end of 2016 while the surgical gloves segment is estimated to be valued at US$ 34.2 Mn by the end of 2016
The latex gloves segment is expected to account for the largest market share of 79.8% by 2016 end and is anticipated to increase at a CAGR of 9.3% from 2016 to 2026 in terms of value. The nitrile rubber material gloves segment is estimated to be valued at US$ 12.8 Mn by the end of 2016, exhibiting the highest CAGR of 10.2% over the forecast period
The disposable medical gloves segment is expected to account for the largest market share of 90.7% by 2016 end. However, the re-usable medical gloves segment is anticipated to register the highest CAGR of 9.5% over the forecast period
Among the end use segments, the hospital segment is expected to account for the highest gloves consumption and a higher value generation – reaching a valuation of US$ 66.3 Mn by the end of 2016 and registering a CAGR of 9.3% over the forecast period
Request to Sample Report – https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gc-1943
Regional market projections
The GCC medical gloves market is segmented into the top six countries of Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Bahrain, Oman, and Kuwait. In terms of revenue share, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is expected to dominate the GCC medical gloves market, accounting for the largest market share of 75.8% by 2016 end. Revenue generated from the Saudi Arabia medical gloves market was pegged at US$ 70.0 Mn in 2015 and is anticipated to increase to US$ 184.6 Mn by the end of the forecast period. The UAE medical gloves market is estimated to account for US$ 18.6 Mn value share by 2016 end and is expected to register a CAGR of 9.0% over the forecast period to reach US$ 44.1 Mn by 2026. The Qatar and Bahrain markets are expected to exhibit modest growth in the GCC medical gloves market during the forecast period.
Vendor insights
Some of the major players in the GCC medical gloves market are Paul Hartmann AG, Hotpack Packaging Industries, LLC, Falcon (Falcon Pack), Deeko Bahrain, Salalah Medical Supplies Mfg. Co. LLC, United Medical Industries Co. Ltd., and NAFA (NAFA Enterprises, Ltd.).
“Top market companies are focussed on expanding their customer base by implementing strategies such as mergers and acquisitions, inorganic growth, horizontal integration, and capacity expansion.” Analyst – Healthcare, Pharmaceuticals and Medical devices, Future Market Insights
Request Report TOC @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gc-1943
By The Associated Press
National Team Leaders
By The Associated Press
Total Defense
Through games of Dec. 09
G Plays Yds Yds Pg Wisconsin 13 776 3,292 253.2 Alabama 12 766 3,093 257.8 Michigan 12 721 3,223 268.6 Georgia 13 791 3,522 270.9 Washington 12 797 3,329 277.4 Clemson 13 842 3,613 277.9 UTSA 11 636 3,166 287.8 Ohio St. 13 867 3,800 292.3 Michigan St. 12 736 3,573 297.8 Mississippi St. 12 691 3,624 302.0 San Diego St. 12 713 3,642 303.5 Virginia Tech 12 756 3,663 305.3 LSU 12 749 3,740 311.7 Auburn 13 886 4,060 312.3 Washington St. 12 750 3,763 313.6 Fresno St. 13 851 4,147 319.0 Southern Miss. 12 781 3,863 321.9 Northern Ill. 12 861 3,936 328.0 TCU 13 855 4,271 328.5 Penn St. 12 843 3,952 329.3 Wyoming 12 863 3,994 332.8 Duke 12 771 4,025 335.4 Boise St. 13 901 4,377 336.7 Florida St. 12 851 4,044 337.0 Marshall 12 814 4,052 337.7 Indiana 12 829 4,081 340.1 Troy 12 837 4,081 340.1 South Fla. 11 798 3,768 342.5 Minnesota 12 754 4,160 346.7 Middle Tenn. 12 842 4,183 348.6 Florida 11 670 3,842 349.3 Utah 12 817 4,246 353.8 Georgia Tech 11 706 3,897 354.3 Iowa 12 844 4,264 355.3 Army West Point 12 696 4,266 355.5 UAB 12 828 4,294 357.8 Virginia 12 802 4,294 357.8 Northwestern 12 865 4,306 358.8 Appalachian St. 12 789 4,307 358.9 Miami (FL) 12 911 4,317 359.8 Oregon 12 856 4,318 359.8 Texas 12 848 4,363 363.6 Eastern Mich. 12 817 4,373 364.4 Notre Dame 12 876 4,400 366.7 Miami (OH) 12 814 4,411 367.6 Iowa St. 12 823 4,421 368.4 Purdue 12 857 4,451 370.9 BYU 13 906 4,847 372.8 Ohio 12 842 4,478 373.2 Western Ky. 12 817 4,484 373.7 South Carolina 12 846 4,495 374.6 NC State 12 828 4,526 377.2 Western Mich. 12 806 4,542 378.5 Central Mich. 12 898 4,545 378.8 Toledo 13 888 4,932 379.4 Arkansas St. 11 793 4,178 379.8 Oklahoma 13 884 5,002 384.8 Navy 12 726 4,639 386.6 Louisville 12 824 4,641 386.8 Texas A&M 12 846 4,664 388.7 Idaho 12 835 4,685 390.4 Georgia St. 11 741 4,305 391.4 Temple 12 845 4,702 391.8 Vanderbilt 12 807 4,717 393.1 Louisiana Tech 12 822 4,718 393.2 Air Force 12 694 4,727 393.9 Pittsburgh 12 798 4,759 396.6 New Mexico St. 12 883 4,770 397.5 New Mexico 12 779 4,776 398.0 Boston College 12 872 4,777 398.1 Buffalo 12 870 4,778 398.2 Rutgers 12 836 4,783 398.6 Stanford 13 882 5,184 398.8 Oklahoma St. 12 874 4,803 400.3 Utah St. 12 919 4,820 401.7 Southern California 13 930 5,262 404.8 Massachusetts 12 844 4,859 404.9 Fla. Atlantic 13 993 5,308 408.3 Kent St. 12 789 4,900 408.3 Ga. Southern 12 746 4,925 410.4 Tennessee 12 834 4,955 412.9 FIU 12 827 4,999 416.6 Houston 11 856 4,593 417.5 South Ala. 12 852 5,013 417.8 Illinois 12 887 5,021 418.4 Maryland 12 896 5,033 419.4 Ball St. 12 764 5,059 421.6 Missouri 12 891 5,103 425.3 Kentucky 12 816 5,108 425.7 Rice 12 795 5,110 425.8 Colorado St. 12 827 5,110 425.8 Old Dominion 12 885 5,132 427.7 Cincinnati 12 879 5,142 428.5 UCF 12 882 5,142 428.5 California 12 888 5,159 429.9 North Texas 13 944 5,605 431.2 Kansas St. 12 894 5,184 432.0 Akron 13 944 5,618 432.2 Texas Tech 12 916 5,208 434.0 North Carolina 12 895 5,233 436.1 Tulane 12 783 5,233 436.1 Nebraska 12 826 5,234 436.2 Arkansas 12 815 5,259 438.3 Texas St. 12 852 5,267 438.9 Syracuse 12 832 5,328 444.0 Wake Forest 12 975 5,331 444.3 UTEP 12 859 5,359 446.6 Arizona St. 12 852 5,364 447.0 Colorado 12 884 5,407 450.6 West Virginia 12 864 5,430 452.5 Charlotte 12 886 5,455 454.6 Baylor 12 849 5,483 456.9 UNLV 12 878 5,504 458.7 Hawaii 12 814 5,505 458.8 Ole Miss 12 895 5,514 459.5 Arizona 12 922 5,570 464.2 Kansas 12 873 5,620 468.3 Nevada 12 924 5,656 471.3 Oregon St. 12 859 5,677 473.1 Memphis 12 974 5,715 476.3 SMU 12 875 5,840 486.7 UCLA 12 938 5,865 488.8 Louisiana 12 899 5,912 492.7 San Jose St. 13 1,045 6,491 499.3 Bowling Green 12 920 6,079 506.6 UConn 12 920 6,228 519.0 Tulsa 12 868 6,347 528.9 La.-Monroe 12 880 6,385 532.1 East Carolina 12 842 6,500 541.7
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
© elenaleonova / Getty Images
"help explain why the US suicide rate is up to 43,000 people each year."
"shortages in professional help, increased costs of care not covered by insurance, the great recession, and other reasons worthy of further investigation."
"Our study supports health policies designed to incorporate mental health services and screenings into every physician's practice through the use of electronic medical records, and by providing training for all health care professionals, as well as the right resources for patients,"
More Americans are suffering from serious psychological distress than in the past decades, according to a new study. But as the demand for mental healthcare becomes greater, such services are actually deteriorating.Scientists from New York University's Langone Medical Center analyzed adults aged 18 to 64 from the 2006-2014 National Health Interview Survey. They were examined on 11 indicators, including insufficient money for mental healthcare and having seen a mental health provider.The research was published in the journal Psychiatric Services on Monday.That number is significant, as it represents a rise from previous survey estimates, which put the number of Americans suffering from SPD at 3 percent or less.Despite the apparent rise in SPD sufferers, however, healthcare access to address the condition was found to have decreased over the course of the analyzed surveys.Those who actually received access to a professional and were prescribed medication found themselves increasingly unable to pay for their prescriptions. Almost 10 percent could not pay in 2014, compared to 8.7 percent in 2006.The diminishing access took place despite the 2008 Mental Health Parity and Addiction Equity Act and the 2010 Affordable Care Act (ACA) including provisions to help reduce insurance coverage disparities for those with mental health issues, Weissman noted.Although the study does not give reasons why such services are diminishing, Weissman said it could be fromWeissman said they and their team will next be detailing how underdiagnosis of SPD impacts physician practices and encourages overuse of other healthcare services.Meanwhile, senior study investigator and NYU Langone clinical professor Cheryl Pegus has encouraged physicians to play a larger role in screening people and detecting signs of SPD and potential suicide.she said.
Rome, July 4 - Southern Italy will be hit by a wave of African heat in the coming days while the north will see thunderstorms. The civil protection department issued a warning over fierce downpours expected across the north.
Tips of the Week is our weekly peek at some of the best making tips, tricks, and recommendations we've discovered in our travels. Check in every Friday to see what we've discovered. And we want to hear from you. Please share your tips, shortcuts, best practices, and tall shop tales in the comments below and we might use your tip in a future column.
***
Using Magnets on Alligator Clips
The ever-industrious Kent Barnes sent us these pics of the rare earth magnets they added to the ends of their tester wires. They can be used for quick hookups or hookups that would otherwise be impossible with alligator clips.
Old Motor Video Turntable
Make: contributor John Park shared this wonderful little hack on Instagram. They turned an old motor into a rotating display for filming their Clockwork Goggles project. You can see the results below.
‪I'm using that AC motor I revived as a turntable to shoot some photos and video of my @adafruit Clockwork Goggles project.‬ A post shared by John Edgar Park (@jedgarpark) on Oct 4, 2017 at 10:45am PDT
Hobby Knife Compass Cutter
On the “DM Scotty” crafting group on Facebook, Phillip Stokes‎ shared this tip for adding a hobby knife to a compass designed to accept different markers and pens. Phillip advises that, if you decide to try this, you probably don't want to use a cheap compass as seen here.
The Squiggly Line of Untrue
In one of Andy Birkey's early “Gimme a Minute” tips series, they shared this gem. Anytime you have material stock that has an edge that you know is not true, mark it with a squiggly line, on both sides of the stock. And only use that marking convention (or another, if you prefer) to indicate an untrue edge. That way, you'll know which edges of your material you can trust and which you can't.
Drill Press Drum Sander
Via Donald Bell's Maker Update comes this Instructable for how to turn your drill press into a makeshift drum sander.
A Light You Need on Every Workbench
In one of Ben Krasnow's excellent tips videos, they shared their loved for a ten dollar Ikea flexi-neck LED lamp that they recommend having on every desk. They convinced me. I never feel like I have enough directed work light. I'm ordering a couple. Here's a piece Ben did for Make: on workbench lighting where they also talk about this lamp.
China's got a strange new method of stopping jaywalkers. Picture: YouTube
China's got a strange new method of stopping jaywalkers. Picture: YouTube
LET'S face it, we're all guilty of jaywalking.
You're in a rush, the traffic is light and there's one of those convenient little islands halfway to stop at if you get weary on your journey.
Bravely risking a $72 fine, you glance around and march forward in defiance of the threatening red man.
Yeah, don't try that in China.
Citizens in the city of Daye in China's Hubei province will get sprayed by a jet of water if they cross before the friendly little green man appears.
Law enforcement officers in the region recently installed five bright yellow posts at one of the city's busiest intersections.
According to China Daily, the posts feature a speaker system that informs pedestrians when it's safe to cross - with a warning.
"Please don't go through," the automated recording says. "You will be sprayed with water."
Footage has emerged at street crossings in the region showing Chinese citizens getting blasted with a mist of water for disobeying the rules.
They also contain laser beams that display red and green lights to show when it's safe to cross.
All in all, the equipment cost a local information technology company 1.3 million yuan ($A270,000) to install.
And in case a big wet splotch on the front of your trousers wasn't enough of a deterrent, the monitors also come with facial recognition technology that can identify jaywalkers.
People who jaywalk will be photographed, and pictures of their faces are sent to a police database and used to determine their identities.
Last month, the ABC reported Chinese authorities in the southern city of Shenzhen had launched a public website to name and shame offenders using artificial intelligence cameras.
Photographs of the offending pedestrians are now instantly displayed on LED screens installed at road junctions in the region.
Hmm. Maybe we'll just wait the extra 10 seconds.
OVER the course of my 11-year career I played with hundreds of AFL players; some who left a small mark and others who made much more of an impact on both myself and the wider football community.
I call the latter ‘generational players', those select few who will be spoken about for decades after the dust has settled on their careers. In today's terms they are players like Nat Fyfe, Josh Kennedy, Lance ‘Buddy' Franklin, Luke Hodge, Gary Ablett or Sam Mitchell.
They are the players who still make me feel giddy, regardless of how strong my current relationship is with them. They are the players who made teammates feel like fans – I'm not ashamed to admit that when playing with them I could often be found staring up at the big screen from the middle of the ground, admiring the same replays as the punters in the crowd.
Most of all, generational players have the ability to throw an entire team on their back and carry the other 21 to the finish line. In simple terms – these players are the freaks of the game.
A significant portion of my career was spent at Hawthorn, playing through a purple patch alongside some of these players.
Today, one of them hung up the boots.
Camera Icon Rioli retires with four premierships to their name. Picture: Getty Images
I first met the little master from the Tiwi Islands, Cyril ‘Junior' Rioli, in 2004. They were a boarder at Scotch College, and I was a boarder at Melbourne Grammar.
The history and rivalry between these two schools is as rich as any across the country, stemming from what was the first official game of Australian Rules in 1858.
I hated both Cyril and Scotch, and Cyril returned the venom with equal passion.
Our initial meeting, off the field at least, came the night after our first grudge match, both of us underage and determined to find a pub that wouldn't ask us for identification. A group from both schools found an establishment in Richmond and piled in accordingly.
Unfortunately, Cyril and I found ourselves at the back of the excited scrum, and the two of us were pulled aside for a ‘random' ID check. At this stage, I was 65kgs and deathly pale, and Cyril (not looking a day over 15) was sporting a moustache with about six hairs, which looked horrible at best. The bouncer wasted no time denying us both entry, so off we wandered into the freezing Melbourne winter, having met mere minutes earlier.
The two of us sneaked into a pub a little further down the road, enjoying a couple of bourbons and chatting a bit before taking off in separate directions to find where our mates had ended up, not knowing when or if our paths would cross again.
But a few short years (and a Melbourne Grammar thrashing at the hands of Cyril) later, we both found ourselves at the Hawthorn Football Club. Initially I was annoyed that we drafted Junior, as Scott Selwood was still on the board and I was close friends with their brother Joel.
The Footy world has been stunned by 28-year-old's decision to walk away from the game. The West Australian The Footy world has been stunned by 28-year-old's decision to walk away from the game.
This sentiment didn't last long, and equally, it didn't take Junior long to settle into the hustle and bustle of the AFL. Partly because they had spent years in Melbourne for high school, and partly because they were just really bloody good.
It is extremely rare for a player to do what Cyril did in their first year; they played the entire season, all 25 games. I don't want to downplay others who playful seasons in their first year, but not many of these players play in a premiership year where everything is earned, and nothing is given.
Not only did Cyril play each match, but they were an extremely strong, consistent contributor. This culminated in a stellar performance on grand final day, including a memorable three-on-one victory on the wing which turned the game in our favour.
Like many in the AFL, Junior was blessed with natural ability. But where I think many commentators get it wrong is wholly attributing their brilliance to their natural talent and gifts - to do so is to discredit and devalue the time and effort they have put into their craft and mastering their skills. The hours I saw them in the gym turning their body into a machine, or kicking footballs over and over until they pinpointed a target, should not be overlooked. Cyril's commitment, dedication and work ethic was second to none.
Off the field, the affable kid from the Tiwi Islands and I built a pretty strong friendship. Some of my fondest memories of 2008 involve waking on many a Sunday morning at my apartment in East Melbourne to find a small indigenous lad curled up on my couch.
It didn't take Junior long to settle into the hustle and bustle of the AFL. Partly because they had spent years in Melbourne for high school, and partly because they were just really bloody good.
Of course I was always happy for my little mate to let themselves into my place whenever they wanted, but what was strange about these occasions was that my apartment was on the second level of the apartment block. In the dead of the night, Junior would somehow scale up a wall, onto my veranda, through my window and onto the couch like Spider-Man. All to save themselves the taxi fare out to Glen Waverley.
But while there was always a fair amount of fun to be had with Cyril as youngsters, these good times were nothing to the fun they provided on field. Their amazing ability to have us all marvelling at their skill, speed, evasiveness, pressure and competitive nature was unparalleled.
Like others watching them play, there were the rare occasions that I'd find myself thinking “gee, Junior has been quiet today”. But no sooner would these thoughts enter my mind, then Junior would flip a game on its head, kicking goal of the year or mowing someone down from behind.
Cyril will always have their detractors due to low possession averages and occasional quiet patches, but they are like Nic Nat – a completely unique player. Possessions are meaningless for certain players - it's the uncertainty they place in the minds of their opposition that does the greatest damage. It is immeasurable and hard to define - unless you have experienced being stalked by a lion or chased by a cheetah. The helpless feeling you'd have when you realised it was too late is very hard to articulate!
Camera Icon Delicious. Picture: Getty Images
Champions recognise moments and seize them, whereas others (like myself) sit back and wait for champions to lead the way. Cyril recognised moments, and attacked. For WA footy fans, there can be no more pertinent an example of Cyril's brilliance than that of the 2015 grand final; they wounded us, and had West Coast on the ropes from the first bounce. No question about it, on that day Junior did not stop attacking; their Norm Smith Medal and fourth premiership were just reward for a champion performance.
I am very fortunate to have been able to call Junior Rioli a teammate and friend. They head home with four premierships, a Norm Smith and a highlights package which could stretch for days. They were a champion in every sense of the word, and brought joy to everyone lucky enough to have witnessed their brilliance.
Junior was a freak, and the game is worse off for theirs hanging up the boots. I know I speak for many when I say that their presence in the AFL will be deeply missed.
LONDON (AP) — Manchester United benefited from a controversial red card and an equally debatable goal to beat 10-man West Ham 2-0 in the English Premier League on Monday, earning a sixth successive victory.
Substitute Juan Mata gave United the lead before Zlatan Ibrahimovic secured victory from what clearly appeared to be an offside position, after referee Mike Dean had controversially dismissed Sofiane Feghouli in the opening stages.
Despite its man-advantage, United struggle to break down the home side for long spells and required a number of strong saves from goalkeeper David de Gea to keep West Ham out.
Feghouli, making their first Premier League start for West Ham, was sent off after just 15 minutes for a lunging challenge on Phil Jones, which replays showed to have been a harsh decision.
Manuel Lanzini brought two strong saves from the United keeper before the break, while Michail Antonio was denied by the Spaniard when through one-on-one on the hour mark.
But West Ham was made to pay just three minutes later with Mourinho's alterations proving crucial as Marcus Rashford beat two defenders before setting up fellow substitute, Mata, to finish from close range.
United wrapped up the victory when Ibrahimovic reacted first as the ball bounced off Ander Herrera to fire low and hard past Randolph from just inside the box, with replays showing the striker had been marginally offside.
United had failed to make inroads until the 35th, when West Ham goalkeeper Darren Randolph produced one of the saves of the season, before Jesse Lingard produced an equally spectacular miss.
Antonio Valencia was set up at the back post after good work from Ibrahmovic and Henrikh Mkhitaryan, but was foiled by the sprawling Randolph, who prevented the ball from crossing their line by the narrowest of margins.
The rebound fell to Lingard with the goal at their mercy, but they could only direct their effort onto the post from two yards (meters) out, with West Ham somehow escaping as the ball bounced into Randolph's hands.
United remains sixth in the table, but has now moved within five points of second-place Liverpool, which was held to a 2-2 draw at Sunderland earlier on Monday.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
KARACHI
Allama Zafar Hassan Naqvi, General Secretary of Majlis Wahdat ul Muslimeen (MWM), along with other prominent leaders of the Shia sect belonging to organisations such as the Anjumane Pasban-eAza have offered themselves up for arrest as part of a ‘Jail bharo movement' to protest the continuing cases of missing Shia persons.
The protesters claimed that there were at least 136 known cases of Shia persons being missing from Pakistan, of which 18 are from Karachi alone. The decision to hold the protest had been taken earlier when a number of people protested on the day of Ashura for the recovery of 30 mourners who they alleged had been picked up by agencies upon their return from pilgrimage from Karbala last year.
The protest had been scheduled for Friday and took place after the Friday prayers Khoja Ashna Isri jamey Mosque in Karachi. Before this, a registration camp had also been set up at the Ancholi, Block 20 in the City. A large number of people lined up to register their names so they could give voluntary arrests as a form of protest.
Similar protests had before this been carried out in 2001 by Zafar Hassan Naqvi who has been an active representative of the Shia community having been affiliated with Tehrik e Jafria and being a founding member of the Jafria allaince before their current position as the General Secretary of the MWM.
Before their arrest, Hassan Naqvi addressed the crowd saying “It was legal right of all the missing Shias that they should have been produced in courts of law if they were accused of anything but they were not produced in the courts that meant they were not wanted in any case hence it is legitimate demands of their heirs that they must be released forthwith.”
Along with Zafar Hassan Naqvi, one of the people that offered themselves up for imprisonment was the ailing, nonagenarian father of missing rights activist, Syed Samar Abbas. Others that offered themselves up included Yaqub Shahbaz of Shia Ulema Council, Syed Tasawwur Hussain Rizvi, head of Jafaria Legal Aid and Syed Saghir Abid Rizvi of All Pakistan Shia Action Committee. Local police carried away the protesters in a single mobile as those that remained behind shouted slogans in support of them.
The arrest of the above mentioned names came after a demonstration that took place before the formal self-handover. Protesters carried pictures of the missing persons and many of their family members also took part in the procession. Prominent scholars were and members of the Shia community were also in the ranks including Allama Syed Ahmed Iqbal Rizvi, Allama Mukhtar Imami, Alama Dost Ali Saeedi of the MWM, Allama Sadiq Taqvi, Mubashir Zaidi, and Hassan Raza Sohail. The rally was also attended by persons belonging to the civil community and other human rights activists.
Earlier, when the event had first been announced, the leaders of the movement had said “this is not for any one sect. It is a matter for the entire country and we would urge people from all walks of life and religious affiliations to join us.”
The protesters that signed up are due to give their arrests in the coming days as the movement is being planned in phases. Prominent figures including Allama Mirza Yousuf Hussain, Maulana Dr Aqeel Moosa and Allama Ahmed Iqbal will offer arrest in next phases of the Jail Bharo Tehreek.
The latest Chesterfield magistrates' court results as published in the May 31 edition of the Derbyshire Times are listed below.
Other
Jason Anthony Neale Dluzewski, 36, of Pathways, Saltergate, Chesterfield. Proved in absence that they placed themselves in public at Chesterfield Railway Station to beg. Fined £60 and must pay a £30 victim surcharge.
Richard John Barnes, 33, of Sheffield Road, Chesterfield. Admitted failing to comply with the requirements of a community order by removing an identification device. Order to continue but varied so the defendant must comply with a curfew with electronic monitoring for 15 weeks. Original requirements including a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement are to continue. Must pay £60 costs.
Lee Anthony Coates, 25, of Station Road, Brimington, Chesterfield. Admitted failing to comply with the requirements of a community order by failing to attend unpaid work. Order to continue but varied with unpaid work removed and the defendant must comply with a curfew with electronic monitoring for two months. Original Rehabilitation Activity Requirement to continue. Must pay £60 costs.
Krzysztof Mowinski, 32, of Acreage Lane, Shirebrook. Admitted failing to comply with the requirements of a community order by failing to attend unpaid work on one occasion and by failing to attend an appointment with a responsible officer on one occasion. Order to continue but varied with 100 hours of unpaid work. Original requirements to continue including a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement. Must pay £60 costs.
Diane Rose, 39, of Franklin Avenue, Whitwell. Indicated a guilty plea to possessing 2.13grammes of cocaine, a controlled class A drug. No separate penalty. Indicated a guilty plea to possessing 0.46grammes of diamorphine, a controlled class A drug. No separate penalty. Indicated a guilty plea to possessing a quantity of cannabis, a controlled class B drug. No separate penalty. Proved in absence that they used or had possession of criminal property, namely assorted bank cards. Fined £180 and must pay an £85 victim surcharge and £200 costs. Pleaded guilty to failing to surrender to custody having been released on bail. Community order to last until May 20, 2019, with a Drug Rehabilitation Requirement and a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement.
Lindsay Anne Taylor, 34, of No Fixed Abode. Pleaded guilty to damaging a kitchen cupboard door and front door lock and handle. Fined £120 and must pay a £30 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Pleaded guilty to failing to surrender to custody having been released on bail. No separate penalty. Pleaded guilty to being drunk and disorderly in a public place. No separate penalty.
Gavin William Woolley, 40, of Brooks Road, Barrow Hill, Chesterfield. Admitted failing to comply with the requirements of a community order by failing to attend with a responsible officer. Order to continue but varied with unpaid work removed but the defendant must comply with a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement. Fined £40 and must pay £60 costs.
Adam Matthew Devine, 31, of Newbold Court, Chesterfield. Admitted failing to comply with a community requirement of a suspended sentence order after they failed to attend with the responsible officer. No adjudication. Dealt with for the original offence which was subject to the suspended sentence order of stealing steak valued at £42.50 belonging to the Co-operative. Admitted failing to comply with the supervision requirements imposed after release from imprisonment by failing to attend with the supervising officer. Committed to prison for ten weeks.
Mark James Meikleham, 38, of Pathways, Saltergate, Chesterfield. Pleaded guilty to assault by beating. Must pay £100 compensation. Pleaded guilty to failing to surrender to custody having been released on bail. No separate penalty. Convicted of an offence while a community order is in force for the offences of two thefts from a shop. No adjudication. Dealt with for the original offences of stealing a bottle of Beyonce Heat valued at £16 belonging to The Fragrance Shop, and stealing a bottle of Davidoff Cool Water valued at £34 belonging to The Fragrance Shop. Convicted of an offence while a community order was in force for another offence of theft from a shop. No adjudication. Dealt with for the original offence which was subject to the community order of stealing a pack of Gillette Fusion razors valued at £23.49 belonging to Boots. Committed to prison for 18 weeks.
Keiron Anthony Walker, 28, of Clarence Road, Chesterfield. Indicated a guilty plea to dishonestly undertaking or assisting in the retention, removal, disposal or realisation of stolen goods, namely a Halifax bank card. Must pay an £85 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Indicated a guilty plea to committing fraud by making a false representation by using a bank card in another's name to obtain goods. Convicted for an offence while a community order was in force for the offences of assault by beating and criminal damage. No adjudication. Dealt with for the original offences which were subject to the community order of assault by beating and damaging a mobile phone. Community order to last until November 21, 2019, with a Drug Rehabilitation Requirement, a Building Better Relationships programme and a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement.
Luke Yates, 21, of Mickley Lane, Stretton. Pleaded guilty to damaging a car window. Pleaded guilty to assaulting a police officer in the execution of their duty. Must pay £100 compensation. Pleaded guilty to assaulting another police officer in the execution of their duty. Must pay £100 compensation. Community order to last until May 22, 2019, with 120 hours of unpaid work.
Motoring
Jonathan Matthews, 29, of Shireoaks Road, Dronfield. Pleaded guilty to using a vehicle on a public road having made a declaration or statement under the Road Vehicles (Statutory Off-Road Notification) Regulations 1997 that the vehicle would not during a period specified be used on a public road. Fined £320 and ordered to pay vehicle excise back duty of £62.09 and £85 costs.
Mohammed Amine Roun, 33, of Newbold Road, Newbold, Chesterfield. Pleaded guilty to exceeding the alcohol drink-drive limit. Fined £260 and must pay a £30 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Disqualified from driving for three years.
Tania Marie Newman, 30, of Elmhurst Close, South Normanton, Alfreton. Pleaded guilty to exceeding the alcohol drink-drive limit. Fined £264 and must pay a £30 victim surcharge and £85 costs. Disqualified from driving for 17 months.
Theft
Graham Alexander Law, 39, of Prospect Road, Old Whittington, Chesterfield. Found guilty of stealing alcohol. Must pay £100 compensation, an £85 victim surcharge and £250 costs. Indicated a guilty plea to stealing a necklace. Community order to last until May 20, 2019, with a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement and 250 hours of unpaid work.
Thomas Daniel Crossan, 22, of Longcroft View, Whitwell. Pleaded guilty to stealing four bottles of red wine valued at £19.96. Discharged conditionally for 12 months. Must pay £9.98 compensation, a £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Assault
Steven Peter Stuart Casimir, 37, of Darley Close, Staveley. Pleaded guilty to assault by beating. Community order to last May 21, 2019, with a Rehabilitation Activity Requirement with 150 hours of unpaid work. Restraining order to last until May 21, 2028. Must pay £250 compensation, an £85 victim surcharge and £300 costs.
Joseph Daniel Payne, 23, of Hassocky Lane, Temple Normanton, Chesterfield. Pleaded guilty to assault by beating. Fined £75 and must pay a £30 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Rome, December 11 - President Sergio Mattarella expressed thanks to the Civil Protection Department on Monday as they awarded it Italy's gold medal for civic valor in relation to its efforts for a recent string of devastating earthquakes in central Italy. "The country is grateful. Thank you for what you do," the head of State said. The series of quakes started with one in August 2016 that claimed around 300 lives.
There is fear that people on antiretroviral therapy in some remote areas in the country are buying expired antiretroviral (ARV) drugs from unlicensed suppliers.
This revelation has come after police in Balaka on Wednesday arrested a man who was found with 79 bottles of expired ARVs.
The man confessed that they administered the treatment to clients from Ulongwe, Balaka, who live far from government health facilities.
Balaka police publicist, Edith Kachotsa, confirmed that they have, so far, arrested Bwanali Zaibu, who was found with the expired ARVs. The suspect also revealed that there are other people who are in the illicit business.
“He revealed that they got the drugs from Peter Ngamaza who works for Kalembo Health Centre in Balaka. We have also arrested Ngamaza who was also found with drugs such as ORS, dosages of LA among others,” Kachotsa said.
Ministry of Health spokesperson, Joshua Malango, said the ministry is not aware of the situation.
“The ARVs are given for free by the Government of Malawi; so, if anyone is caught selling them, they should be arrested. We will investigate the matter and bring to book those that are selling the drugs. We ask people to report anyone selling the drugs,” Malango said.
Commenting on the availability of ARVs on the black market, Malawi Health Equity Network Executive Director, George Jobe, described the business as a danger to life.
They called on authorities to put in place punitive measures to end the illegal business.
“We cannot stop people from stealing government drugs if they continue to get non-custodial sentences when they appear in court. We need to start being serious because a lot of money is being lost through theft of drugs,” Jobe said.
Jobe further advised people on ARV treatment to avoid buying drugs from parallel markets, saying the tendency has the potential to create drug resistance, which is a health hazard.
Source link
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS — Demi Tomasides is a star on the stage, but they save their best performances for off of it, and that's what makes them our Class Act of the Week!
Demi is a senior at Booker T, and a key player in the school's theatre department.
“We all have a really good chemistry together and if something is kind of going hard, the community that this theatre cluster has kind of built-up, it's irreplaceable,” Demi said.
But they don't just save their theatrical passion for the stage, they give it back to others. Over the summer they developed a special theatre therapy camp program at Bryan's House, for underprivileged, special needs kids.
“We created a program that infused speech therapy into vocal warm-ups and physical therapy into theatre exercises and occupational therapy into arts and crafts just so these kids could have the same theatre experience that has helped me throughout my whole life,” they said.
It's something they wanted to create because of their close relationship with their sister.
“My sister actually has cerebral palsy and I kind of wanted to give them a camp that they could really experience to the fullest and I wanted to give them something that has meant so much to me in my life. I wanted to give them the gift of theatre,” said Demi.
And it's a gift that they want to keep giving. Them goal is to one day start their own theatre company for kids with special needs.
So even though Demi's story is still at the beginning of Act I, she's already done enough to deserve a standing ovation!
Know of a Class Act at your school? Let us know about them:
VANCOUVER - Canada ranks 37th on a list of 41 rich countries for children having access to enough nutritious food, and higher-than-average rates of child homicide and teen suicide also point to a need for action, a UNICEF report says.
Over 22 per cent of Canadian children live in poverty and most issues related to kids showed no improvement or worsened during the last decade, said the 14th report from UNICEF on children's well-being amongst wealthy countries.
The mental health of Canadian teens has been declining, with 22 per cent of adolescents reporting symptoms more than once a week, said the report release Wednesday. Canada ranked 31st for the teen suicide rate, it said.
The report ranked countries in the European Union and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development and put Canada in 25th place overall on children's well-being. Norway topped the list from the UN Children's Fund.
Romania, Bulgaria and Chile were at the bottom of the list based on 27 indicators. Canada has data to report on 21 indicators, including food security, unhealthy weight and bullying.
"We placed 17th in 2013 and 23rd in 2016 (overall) on similar indexes measuring how Canada's kids are doing compared with other rich countries," UNICEF Canada said in a companion report.
The main report is based on so-called sustainable development goals set in September 2015 by 193 countries that aimed to end extreme poverty and hunger, provide education, protect children from violence and fight climate change.
David Morley, president of UNICEF Canada, said countries that moved up in the rankings invested more in early child development including day care.
"When you invest in the poorest children the payoff is greater. When the safety net is stronger, families can be stronger," they said.
It is too early to say if Canada's tax-free child benefit, introduced last year, will make an impact, they said.
While many indigenous children live in poverty, they represent only about six per cent of kids in Canada, suggesting all kids need stronger policies, Morley said.
It's a myth that Canada is the best place in the world to grow up and that the country has great air quality, the report said.
"Air quality has been improving over the past 10 years in almost all rich countries except for Canada and Turkey," the report said. Children are more vulnerable to the negative effects of air pollution because they breathe in more air per unit of body weight than adults, it said.
"Canada is, in the minds of many, a big, clean, safe and healthy nation. But the data in this report card suggest it is not so very clean, safe or healthy for its children and youth."
Canada ranked 29th of 41 countries on unhealthy weight of children. Nearly 25 per cent of young people are obese, above the average of 15 per cent, the main report said.
Cindy Blackstock, executive director of the First Nations Child and Family Caring Society of Canada, said the country has failed to meet the needs of many of the most vulnerable children living on reserves.
"You can't give these kids less money for education, less money for health care, less money for early childhood and deny them even basics like clean water and expect them to be doing OK," they said from Ottawa.
They noted the federal government has yet to follow repeated compliance orders issued as late as last month by the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal, which ruled in 2016 that Ottawa racially discriminated against youth in its delivery of child welfare services on reserves.
Blackstock, whose group fought the government on the issue, said the need for equitable education and health care for First Nations children has been ignored for years.
"No political party in this country in 2017 should be able to racially discriminate against 165,000 children," said Blackstock, a member of the Gitxsan First Nation in B.C.
"I think the government has so normalized this racial discrimination against First Nations children that it's really in the DNA of the government," said Blackstock, who is also a professor at the school of social work at McGill University in Montreal.
— Follow @CamilleBains1 on Twitter.
Abington Heights beats Bonner-Prendie in a bizarre overtime thriller to advance to PIAA state title game
Abington Heights beats Bonner-Prendie in a bizarre overtime thriller to advance to PIAA state title game Mar 19
More by Aaron Carter
Aaron Carter covers high school sports and more.
Lincoln's Aseem Lucky knocks the ball out of Neshaminy's Chris Arcidiacono's hands during their win on Saturday.
Lincoln held off neshaminy, 77-70, in the PIAA Class 6A quarterfinals Saturday afternoon at Archbishop Ryan.
FREE: For MORE videos, subscribe to Ace Carter Sports on YouTube
Neshaminy senior Chris Arcidiacono led all scorers with 35 points, while Lincoln senior Tyree Corbett led the Railsplitters with 29 points and 20 rebounds.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
1st Lt. Elizabeth Kraft, 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary) Headquarters and Headquarters Company executive officer, calls attention to orders during a promotion ceremony for three Soldiers of the 316th ESC at Camp Arifjan, Kuwait, Dec. 31, 2016. (U.S. Army Photo by Maj. Julius Penn)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.31.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:53 Photo ID: 3082972 VIRIN: 161231-A-GD775-004 Resolution: 5472x3648 Size: 8.69 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 3 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Promotion [Image 1 of 4], by MAJ Julius Penn, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
(The Conversation is an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts.)
Hanna Shaul Bar Nissim, Brandeis University
(THE CONVERSATION) Even though only about one in 50 Americans is Jewish, U.S. Jews donate at high levels, both as individuals and as a community.
As a scholar who studies community philanthropy, I am doing research to discover what accounts for this outsized generosity and why Jews play such a big role in American philanthropy.
While mapping where these donated dollars go, I'm finding that the many reasons why this penchant for giving arose can help explain the strength of support among American Jews for non-Jewish causes.
Most Jews, regardless of their economic status, heed their religious and cultural obligations to give. In fact, 60 percent of Jewish households earning less than US$50,000 a year donate, compared with 46 percent of non-Jewish households in that income bracket.
The average annual Jewish household donates $2,526 to charity yearly, far more than the $1,749 their Protestant counterparts give or the $1,142 for Catholics, according to data from Giving USA.
And a larger percentage of Jews give to charitable causes than households of other faiths, according to Connected to Give, a joint effort by foundations to measure religious giving trends. Some 76 percent of American Jews gave to charity in 2012, compared with 63 percent of Americans who observe other religions or are not religious.
Interestingly, the same study also found that Jews, black Protestants, Evangelical Protestants, mainline Protestants and Roman Catholics give at similar levels to congregations and to other causes. However, Jews give relatively less to congregations and more to other causes.
So what's behind this extremely charitable behavior?
Two explanations involve education and wealth, traits strongly correlated with philanthropy.
The Jewish community is among the nation's most educated and wealthy demographic groups. American Jews have an average of 13 years of schooling, the highest for a major U.S. religious community. And 44 percent belong to households with annual incomes of $100,000 or more, the most for any major ethno-religious community.
As education enhances charitable giving at all income levels, it is one key to understanding Jewish generosity. And donors of all faiths, regardless of their religious practices and identities, tend to give more money when their income rises.
Many wealthy Jews, including former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg, hedge fund investor George Soros and homebuilder Eli Broad, regularly make the Chronicle of Philanthropy's list of the nation's 50 biggest donors.
And naturally, another reason for Jews' charitable tendencies is their faith, regardless of how religious they are. There is a strong theological foundation for the Jewish community's robust giving, just as is the case with other religions.
Expressed in Hebrew, the Jewish concepts of tzedakah (charitable giving), tzedek (justice) and chesed (mercy or kindness) instruct and compel all Jews to give to charity and treat people who are less fortunate with compassion.
Even today, many Jews embrace a concept known as the “eight degrees” of charitable giving first articulated by Moses Ben Maimon, a 12th-century intellectual who was born in Spain and later resided in Morocco and Egypt.
Known as Maimonides or Rambam, they created a metaphor of an eight-rung ladder that donors can ascend to get closer to heaven. At the lowest level, donors give grudgingly. At the highest, they help people in need become self-sustaining.
And while Jewish charity has theological roots, many Jews who aren't religious give generously. One prominent example is Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who runs a massive charitable initiative with their wife Priscilla Chan.
The U.S. Jewish community not only gives more than other religious groups, it gives differently. Jews have developed unique patterns of charitable giving and philanthropic behavior as a central way to express Jewish identity.
Traditionally U.S. Jewish philanthropy has been embedded in central Jewish communal organizations such as Jewish federations, regional organizations that give collectively to causes in the U.S. and abroad.
These unique organizations exemplify the ethnic, nonreligious expressions of Judaism. They also demonstrate the Jewish community's tradition of charitable giving as a group effort.
Thus, many Jewish philanthropic institutions in North America take a largely nonreligious approach to Jewish social action.
Beyond identifying what drives Jewish giving, I wanted to explore who benefits most from their generosity.
For the past year and a half, I have been studying the giving patterns of North American Jewish grant-making institutions.
These include nearly 150 Jewish federations. There are also thousands of Jewish community foundations, family and corporate foundations and donor-advised funds, such as the Jewish Communal Fund, which pools giving by about 6,000 affluent people.
I found that many of these U.S. and Canadian institutions actually give more to non-Jewish causes than to Jewish ones. In fact, my preliminary findings suggest that despite differences between distinct categories of grant-makers, at most an average of 25 percent of this money backs Jewish causes.
All told, based on my research at the Cohen Center for Modern Jewish Studies at Brandeis University, I estimate that these various philanthropic efforts give more than $9 billion every year to charitable causes.
Most of these funds flow to social, welfare, educational, health, research, science, advocacy, art, cultural and environmental causes. Donations support tens of thousands of local and international nonprofits serving a wide range of ethnic and religious communities in the U.S., Israel and elsewhere.
Separately, I also analyzed the giving patterns of the 33 Jews who made the 2016 Forbes 400 list of the richest Americans. From what I found, an average of only 11 percent of the giving through their foundations backs exclusively Jewish causes.
Their contributions mainly support secular causes, such as the $142 million gift George Kaiser – the entrepreneurial son of Holocaust refugees who settled in Oklahoma – gave the Tulsa River Parks Authority in 2014.
Additional research indicates that only 9.6 percent of gifts from so-called “Jewish mega-donors” between 1995 and 2000 that totaled $10 million or more funded Jewish causes. Nearly half of them supported higher education and none supported religious causes or annual appeals to give to and through Jewish federations.
Billionaire Stephen Schwarzman's $150 million gift to Yale University in 2015 is one example of Jewish support for non-Jewish causes. On the other hand, some of these major gifts support largely Jewish universities, such as the $400 million the estate of Howard and Lottie Marcus bequeathed to Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Israel.
One reason for this tendency is that Jewish charitable traditions support giving to Jewish and non-Jewish causes alike. Many Jews perceive donations supporting social service providers and social justice advocates as a way to follow Jewish religious laws, even when their gifts benefit other religious and ethnic communities.
And since many Americans Jews emigrated to the U.S. to escape persecution and discrimination elsewhere, mostly in Europe and the Middle East, I believe this history makes it natural for them to identify with and support groups that are currently suffering or even oppressed, whether they are Jewish or not.
I have also seen that over time, Jewish communal philanthropy is becoming less centralized as new kinds of giving institutions and practices emerge. In addition, priorities are changing: Philanthropy serving the Jewish community is becoming less dominant than charity serving other communities.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article here: http://theconversation.com/american-jews-and-charitable-giving-an-enduring-tradition-87993.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Friday, October 06, 2017
SAQQARA, EGYPT—Ahram Online reports that an eight-foot-long piece of an Old Kingdom obelisk has been discovered at the Saqqara necropolis. Inscriptions on one side of the side of the red granite monument name Queen Ankhnespepy II, who lived around 2350 B.C. and ruled as regent for their young son. “This is probably why their pyramid is the biggest of the necropolis after the pyramid of the king himself,” said Philippe Collombert of the University of Geneva. The researchers think the obelisk originally stood about 15 feet tall. An indentation on the obelisk's tip suggests it was capped with copper or golden foil. “Queens of the 6th Dynasty usually had two small obelisks at the entrance to their funerary temple, but this obelisk was found a little far from the entrance of the complex of Ankhnespepy II,” added Mostafa Waziri, secretary general of Egypt's Supreme Council of Antiquities. Waziri suggested stonecutters may have moved the obelisk from the queen's funerary temple, perhaps during the New Kingdom or Late Period, when much of the stone in the Saqqara necropolis was recycled. For more, go to “Afterlife on the Nile.”
Muscogee County, Ga. — Monday was the last day for property owners to file an appeal on the assessments they received in early July.
Thousands of angry homeowners say their property values were overestimated, which left them with higher taxes.
Property owners made their way to the Tax assessors Office throughout Monday to get their appeal in before the 7:00 deadline.
According to Muscogee County Chief Deputy Appraiser John Williams, more than 5,700 appeals have been filed around 6:00 Monday. Last Wednesday, there were around 4,900 appeals.
Thaddius Hill has lived in Columbus for more than 50 years. They said their house in Bellwood went from around $8,000 to more than $175,000.
“I had to go up there and look at the house to see if the house changed and I haven't done any work on it,” Hill said. “How in the world can the value go up that high? If they want to buy it I'd love to sell it to them for 100!”
Since receiving assessments in early July, there's been plenty of questions and anger from property owners.
“It always increases a little and we understand that. I understand that it costs to operate but it doesn't increase that much in one shot,” Thomas Whitehead said.
Thomas Whitehead served in the Korean and Vietnam Wars. He's lived in Columbus for nearly 40 years and said their property increased by about 300 percent.
In response, council members passed a resolution asking the tax assessor's office to freeze the 2017 evaluations and use levels from 2016 instead.
Council doesn't have the authority to enact the rollback but can ask the board of assessors to make the change.
“I do think the political influence is improper,” Columbus Mayor Teresa Tomlinson said. “The leverage and the influence to try to get the board to do anything other than their objective, which is to get a correct digest is not the proper role of the mayor or the council.”
It's unclear whether the board will execute a roll back, but the same sentiment has been shared by those most affected.
“I just didn't believe it,” Thaddius Hill said. “I just thought they had the wrong property. I know they've got to be looking at another house.”
Research Corridor has published a new research study titled “ Herbal Extracts Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis and Forecast, 2017 – 2025”. The Herbal Extracts market report studies current as well as future aspects of the Herbal Extracts Market based upon factors such as market dynamics, key ongoing trends and segmentation analysis. Apart from the above elements, the Herbal Extracts Market research report provides a 360-degree view of the Herbal Extracts industry with geographic segmentation, statistical forecast and the competitive landscape.
Browse the complete report http://www.researchcorridor.com/herbal-extracts-market/
Geographically, the Herbal Extracts Market report comprises dedicated sections centering on the regional market revenue and trends. The Herbal Extracts market has been segmented on the basis of geographic regions into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). The RoW segment consists Latin America and the Middle East & Africa. The Herbal Extracts market has been extensively analyzed on the basis of various regional factors such as demographics, gross domestic product (GDP), inflation rate, acceptance and others. Herbal Extracts Market estimates have also been provided for the historical years 2015 & 2016 along with forecast for the period from 2017 – 2025.
The research report also provides a comprehensive understanding of Herbal Extracts market positioning of the major players wherein key strategies adopted by leading players has been discussed. The Herbal Extracts industry report concludes with the Company Profiles section which includes information on major developments, strategic moves and financials of the key players operating in Herbal Extracts market.
Key Takeaways:
Market Dynamics in the Herbal Extracts Market
Market Key Ongoing Regional Trends
Herbal Extracts Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025
Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025 Herbal Extracts Market Positioning of Key Players
Market Positioning of Key Players Key Strategies Adopted by the Leading Players
Attractive Investment Proposition
Herbal Extracts Market Inclination Insights
Related Reports
About Research Corridor
Research Corridor provides End-to-End Solution for Market Research Consulting and Custom Research Reports. Database of Over 47000 Global Market Reports Research Corridor is world leading company in syndicated market Research Reports.
For More Information, Visit Research Corridor
Media Contact
Company Name: Research Corridor
Contact Person: Vikram
Email: sales@researchcorridor.com
During their eight years working in three nursing homes, John Wortman had a first-hand view of the needs of residents.
They were struck by the fact that many of those with dementia were rarely, if ever, visited by family and friends. While the staff attended to their physical and medical needs, their intellectual, emotional and spiritual needs were not well addressed, fueling feelings of loneliness.
They believed the problem was the result of a disconnect between how society perceives dementia and what the disorder actually is. “The gap between what people think about dementia and how those with it really are is tremendous,” Wortman said.
They said some think those with dementia cannot remember anything from the past, do not enjoy activities they used to engage in, and that there is nothing that can be done to support them emotionally or engage them.
But that is often not the case. Many with dementia do respond to visitors, can talk about the past, and particularly enjoy listening to music, singing songs and similar activities.
Wortman attributes the false public perception to denial and the fact that most people with dementia are institutionalized.
“There is a fear of facing their own disease or death. People feel uncomfortable. Lack of contact lets people create a story, and society reinforces the stereotype.”
Initiating the program
Wortman went to their friend Rabbi David Shneyer with their concerns, and with a plan to help lessen the isolation that dementia patients experience.
Wortman knew that Shneyer — the director of Am Kolel, a Jewish Renewal community devoted to meeting unmet needs in the community — had a history of implementing solutions. (In Hebrew, Am Kolel means “an inclusive people.”)
Shneyer had led Am Kolel's rally of the Poolesville community to create a senior center in western Montgomery County. It was accomplished with a combination of local funding and a Community Partnership Grant from the office of the Montgomery County Executive.
The concerns of dementia residents resonated with Shneyer because they have family members who are dealing with dementia. To help address the problem, they helped create the Visitors Project for People with Dementia (VPPD), sponsored by Am Kolel and funded by Montgomery County government. The program trains volunteers to visit dementia patients in nursing homes.
Michael Marcus, former director of Older Adults Services at the Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Foundation, is a community resources consultant to VPPD. They were surprised to discover that no similar programs exist elsewhere in the United States.
“While there was much information about someone with dementia, there was no organized, in-depth program for training in how to be with people with dementia,” Shneyer said. “Workshops for family members were rarely more than an hour or two in duration.”
“While the Alzheimer's Association offered excellent workshops throughout the year, none were geared to volunteers who would consider doing this kind of service,” Shneyer said.
“While the Jewish Social Service Agency had an extensive training program for hospice volunteers, it did not have a program specifically for residents with dementia living in nursing homes. None of the other social services programs in the county had a program to train nursing home visitors.”
Is Kolel's first training program was offered on three Sundays in November and December last year for four hours each afternoon. Experts were brought in to help with the training. Among them were Anthony Hyatt, Creative Engagement Educator and board member of Aging and the Arts; social worker Franca Posner; nurse Susan Akers, instructor of Insight Meditation, and Wendy Miller, director of the Washington D.C. Center on Aging.
The 12 hours of training gave the volunteers an in-depth understanding of the causes and manifestations of dementia, as well as tools for speaking with residents and engaging them creatively through music, games, storytelling and role-playing exercises.
Dozens being visited
In January, 15 volunteers started regularly visiting 30 residents of four nursing homes in Montgomery County: Potomac Valley, Collingswood, Sligo Creek and Regency Care of Silver Spring.
Deborah Chandler, director of recreation of Sligo Creek Center, said the impact the volunteers has had on the residents has been profound — for both the patients and staff members.
They said it can be challenging for nursing homes to give consistent one-on-one time to patients. “What [the volunteers] do is personalized and nurturing. I think that's the advantage of having them come in. They really get up close and personal with the residents, and get to know them, their hobbies, likes and dislikes.
“They have the time to give to that resident,” Chandler said. “So let's say while we only have 10 minutes, they have 45 minutes to two hours.”
Wortman became a VPPD volunteer because they want to help change the perceptions of dementia by taking action so that others will follow. Wortman believes many people “come from a prejudiced mindset...[where] there is a stigma and fear of the unknown.”
But “people with Alzheimer's are like all people,” they said. “They have intellectually attuned minds; [they] just don't remember something you said five minutes ago.”
“The little time it takes to connect with them really makes a difference,” Wortman said. They like to encourage volunteers to “be with people with dementia.”
VPPD hopes to double the number of volunteers they train, the number of nursing homes served, and the number of residents visited.
Shneyer, who also volunteers, added: “Our goal is to become sort of a new friend or extended family [to patients]. A person that they can share their memories with — of their families, of their life.”
Those interested in volunteering for the VPPD may email visitorsproject@gmail.com or rabbidavid@am-kolel.org, or call (301) 349-2799.
The organization is also seeking additional funding and welcomes donations. Tax deductible contributions can be sent to Am Kolel VPPD at 19520 Darnestown Road, Beallsville, MD 20839.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - A North Carolina woman believed to be one of the last African-American women to serve overseas during World War II has died at the age of 100.
Haywood Funeral Home in Raleigh said on its website that Millie Dunn Veasey died March 9 and will be buried Monday at Raleigh National Cemetery. Them niece, Elsie Thompson, told WUNC that their aunt's "heart was tired."
After they graduated from high school in 1942, Veasey enlisted in what was called the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps. Them unit was the only all-black, all-female battalion to serve overseas during World War II.
Veasey served in France and England with the unit, which sorted and routed mail for millions of American service members and civilians.
They later became the first female president of the Raleigh NAACP.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Business leaders from UK and EU companies called on UK Prime Minister Theresa May to provide greater clarity on the conditions of the United Kingdom's trade with the European Union after its withdrawal from the bloc, the European Round Table of Industrialists (ERT) business association said in a statement.
The meeting at Downing Street took place on Wednesday and was attended by business leaders from 13 major UK and EU companies, including Volvo, BP, Nestle and BMW Group.
"The uninterrupted flow of goods is essential to both the EU and UK economies. This must be frictionless as with a customs union. We need clarity and certainty, because time is running out. Uncertainty causes less investment," the business leaders said in their joint statement after the meeting with May, as quoted by The Guardian newspaper.
According to the press release published on the UK government website, during the meeting, May recognized the need to ensure certainty for businesses. The prime minister also noted that in March, London and Brussels had reached an agreement on the so-called implementation period, which stipulates that the United Kingdom would temporarily stick to the EU regulations after Brexit.
READ MORE: Second Brexit Referendum Would be 'Very Risky Enterprise' — Professor
May also emphasized the importance of ensuring that future UK-EU trade deals would be smooth, and expressed their commitment to avoiding a hard border between Northern Ireland and Ireland, as well as pursuing an independent UK trade policy.
The United Kingdom is set to leave the European Union before March 29, 2019. Since June 2017, the two parties have been conducting talks on the agreement on the UK withdrawal from the bloc.
When you think of Apple you think, for the most part, of small screens: 5.5-inch iPhones, 9.7-inch iPads, or maybe the 27-inch screens found in the largest iMac models.
The company hasn't produced any large standalone screens since it discontinued its Thunderbolt displays late last year, in favor of producing them in partnership with LG instead.
But now Apple's investing jointly in a new $7bn US manufacturing facility, and it's one that its partner Foxconn has said will be producing ‘larger display panels'. The statement has resurrected an old rumor that Apple might be thinking about getting into the television business.
A place for Apple TV
Apple of course already has its stake in the TV business. Its Apple TV set-top box plugs into user's existing television sets and allows access to a variety of streaming apps.
However, as Nasdaq notes , a deeper level of integration with TV hardware would bring little benefit to Apple. Sure, it could build its Apple TV software directly into the sets themselves, but margins on TV hardware are narrow, due to the commoditization of the market.
It's likely for these reasons that Apple abandoned its TV ambitions the first time round, after allegedly having been mulling them over for around a decade.
Instead Apple's focus increasingly appears to be with original content, which would be exclusive to its own digital store.
So what's this new facility all about then? Our bet is on it producing large displays for car dashboards as part of its Apple CarPlay initiative.
It's a long shot, but short of getting back into the monitor business we can't see another reason for Apple to have a need for ‘larger display panels'.
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," they say. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so they feel somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
Market research future published a half cooked research report on Automotive Adaptive Suspension System market. The Global Automotive Adaptive Suspension System market is expected to grow at the CAGR of around 6.12% during the period 2018 to 2023.
Key Players:
The key players in aerospace flight control system market are Bose Corporation (U.S.), Quanser Inc. (Canada), ZF Sachs AG (Germany), Daimler AG (Germany), Magneti Marelli S.p.A (Italy), Hitachi Automotive Systems, Ltd. (India), Porsche Cars North America, Inc (U.S.), LORD Corporation (U.S.), BWI Group (Dayton, Ohio), and Eaton Corporation Plc (Republic of Ireland).
Market Highlights
The current trend in the automotive industry is going toward technology advancement. The growing technology has led to the change in the suspension system from passive suspension to the active suspension system. In active suspension system, the drive can redefine the mode such as comfort and sports by clicking buttons, onboard. The technology change in the automotive industry has led to the advancements in adaptive suspension system. Unlike passive suspension system that changes the movement by the surface of the road, the adaptive suspension system has the ability to control the movement of the vehicle through the onboard system. The onboard system, for changing the mode makes it easier for the driver to use it. The adaptive suspension systems are of two types, namely pure active suspension system and semi-active suspension system. Semi-active suspension system is the one, in which only the shock absorber is adjusted in order to detect the movement of the system. The pure active suspension system controls all the components in order to enhance the performance of the vehicle.
Browse “Automotive Adaptive Suspension System Market Research Report – Global Forecast to 2023”@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/automotive-adaptive-suspension-system-market-4825
The automotive adaptive suspension system market is segmented based on types, actuation types, vehicle types, and regions. On the basis of type, the market has been segmented as pure active suspension system and semi-active suspension system. The pure active suspension system is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period because it provides better ride comfort and improved performance of the vehicle. The pure active suspension system also improves the braking system and increased performance, which will result in the increase usage of the segment. On the basis of actuation type, the market is segmented as hydraulic system, electromagnetic systems, solenoid valve systems, and others. Electromagnetic systems are expected to dominate the market during the forecast period because they can directly monitor the movement of the vehicle body, through a computer by supplying data, constantly. This ease of monitoring will lead to the growth of the market, during the forecast period.
On the basis of regions, the market has been segmented as North America, Asia Pacific, Europe, and Rest of the World. North America is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period as the region experienced early development in active suspension system. The other main reasons for the growth of North America is that they have a larger market for the luxury vehicles, which will result in the increase use of the adaptive suspension system. Europe is expected to be the second largest region in this market due to the rise in high-end vehicles. Asia Pacific is expected to witness the highest growth in the adaptive suspension system market due to the growing automotive industry in developing countries such as China, India, and Japan.
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Amanora Chambers,
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India+1 646 845 9312
sales@marketresearchfuture.com
May 2 Premier Financial Bancorp Inc:
* Premier Financial Bancorp Inc reports first quarter 2017 earnings
* Q1 earnings per share $0.34
* Premier Financial Bancorp Inc - net interest income for quarter ended March 31, 2017 totaled $13.996 million, up $941,000, or 7.2pct, from $13.055 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) - Virginia's attorney general says that a state law prohibiting the concealment of dead bodies does not apply to stillborn fetuses.
Attorney General Mark Herring issued an official opinion Wednesday in the case of a Virginia woman who was convicted and sentenced to five months in jail for disposing of a fetus that had died in their womb and led to a miscarriage in 2016.
The Virginia Court of Appeals recently upheld the woman's conviction.
The Washington Post reports that Herring acknowledged their office made a mistake by arguing in a brief that Katherine Dellis' conviction should be upheld. Herring said they disagreed with the decision, but the case was never brought to their attention.
In their opinion, Herring wrote that the state legislature never intended the statute to apply to the remains of stillborn babies.
© AFP 2016/ WAKIL KOHSAR Strong Explosion Rocks Afghan Capital Kabul
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The security forces have advanced in Faryab and killed at least 26 Taliban militants during the operation, though the militant group had reportedly rejected the claims of the officials about the scale of casualties, the Tolo News media outlet reported.
Afghanistan is suffering from the activity of the Taliban, a militant group seeking to establish a strict Sharia law in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
The crisis in the country prompted the emergence of local cells of other extremist organizations such as the Daesh terrorist group, which is outlawed in Russia and numerous other countries.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Ottawa police are investigating after a south-end stabbing near the intersection of Hunt Club Road and Daze Street left one man in serious condition on Monday.
Paramedics received a 911 call at 2:42 p.m., said Marc-Antoine Deschamps, a spokesperson for the Ottawa Paramedic Service. Police said the incident occurred on the 2200 block of Bank Street.
14:42 Hunt-Club and Daze: adult male sustained stab wound, stabilized by medics during transport to Trauma Centre. Serious but stable. — Ottawa Paramedic Svc (@OttawaParamedic) August 14, 2017
“I'm not sure if it's single or plural (stab wounds),” Deschamps said.
“He was taken to the trauma center and (his condition) is serious but stable overall.”
Police said they did not have anyone in custody.
oblackmore@postmedia.com
twitter.com/olivia_blckmr
A view of the trophy on the 18th tee during the final round of The Greenbrier Classic held at the Old White TPC on July 9, 2017 in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia. (Photo by Jared C. Tilton/Getty Images)
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W. Va. - Registration is now open for volunteers for The 2018 Greenbrier Classic. The annual golf event began in 2010 and has drawn some of golf's biggest names.
Here's everything you need to know if you're interested in volunteering.
What's happening? The multi-day PGA Tour event comes to The Old White TPC Course at The Greenbrier.
When is the event? This year's tournament takes place from July 2-8.
How many people? There are spots for more than 2,000 volunteers for this event.
What help is needed? Laser operators, marshals, standard bearers, walking scorers, golf carts, supply distribution, caddie services, player relief, player transportation, practice range, information ambassadors, admissions, merchandise, special needs, pro-am services, sponsor services, television needs and volunteer hospitality.
More benefits for volunteers: Volunteers can pay $85 for
Official tournament golf shirt
Official tournament outerwear piece
Official tournament hat or visor
Greenbrier Classic commemorative volunteer pin
Meal voucher for each shift worked
Volunteers will also receive a credential that provides access to the tournament grounds for all seven days.
Benefits for volunteers who work four to seven shifts:
Volunteer 4-7 shifts and you'll receive a certificate for one round of golf for one person on the Meadows Course or one complimentary Sweedish massage for one at The Greenbrier Spa
$79 rate for a one-night stay at The Greenbrier
Benefits for volunteers who fork eight or more shifts:
A round of golf for two people on The Old White TPC or a Swedish massage for two at The Greenbrier Spa. That package also includes two one-night stays at The Greenbrier at the rate of $79.
Don't forget the kids! Junior Volunteer program is available for interested volunteers ages 13 through 15.
Must work a minimum of two shifts.
Volunteer package is $45 and includes everything in the regular package.
Junior volunteers are also eligible for the same rewards packages, based on the number of shifts worked.
Volunteer opportunities include marshals, standard bearers and laser operators.
The free Junior volunteer package includes a Greenbrier Classic hat and t-shirt without, but does not include the incentives for shifts worked.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
© Andrew Burton/Getty Images
Nearly half of Americans now say that illegal immigration to the United States reduces wages of the working and middle class, a new poll finds.Only 10 percent of Americans say illegal immigration increases U.S. wages while 42 percent say illegal immigration doesn't impact wages.As Breitbart News reported, a whistleblower in the California construction industry says American workers were once offered a starting wage of about $45 an hour in the late 1980s. Fast-forward to 2018 - nearly two decades into when illegal aliens began flooding the industry - wages have fallen by more than half, standing at just $11 an hour.The tight labor market has also secured higher wages for overtime workers and high-paying, coveted white collar jobs for American teenagers. Most recently, Breitbart News reported how the construction industry has had to recruit women to take jobs at higher wages rather than hiring illegal aliens.Labor data does not accurately explain the wage growth in pockets of blue-collar industries that Americans across the U.S. have experienced due to the Trump administration's stricter immigration enforcement.John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow them on Twitter at @JxhnBinder
El Clasico history:
Most goals: Messi 25
Most assists: Messi 14
Most hattricks: Messi 2
King of El Clasico pic.twitter.com/dzL2GlTELW
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Plans for around 140 homes to replace a Cheltenham car park have received a £3million boost.
The two-acre Portland Street Car Park currently has 325 spaces available for drivers, but planning consent for houses and flats on the site was granted in 2013.
Now Cheltenham Borough Council has secured £3million for the development, from the Government's Housing Infrastructure Fund.
(Image: MF Freeman)
The struggle to get the development underway started when the original developer withdrew from the UK housing market.
MF Freeman, which bought the site in 2016, claims the development is worth about £40million.
Councillor Steve Jordan, leader of the council, said: "This government fund was created in 2017 to deal with significant infrastructure demands.
"We are delighted to have secured funding that unlocks this town centre site.
"In partnership with the developer, we aim to deliver around 140 housing units of which 40% will be affordable which is excellent news for local people.''
David Moore, of MF Freeman, added: “This is really good news and we are delighted to have assisted Cheltenham Borough Council in securing this funding."
They said MF Freeman will continue working with the council to bring forward a "residential-led" development.
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
"This provides an exemption and it's a limited one," said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. "We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination."
They said they expect most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
"It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees," says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
The Affordable Care Act requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services, and birth control, including "all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity."
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches, and allowed other "religious employers" to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns, but also ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Donald Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, they told the Little Sisters of the Poor that they planned to change the rules. "You're long ordeal will soon be over," they promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesperson said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, "Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families."
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those approximately 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, they say, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
Hobby Lobby has 32,000 employees.
"A lot of women will retain birth control coverage," Palanker says, "but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage."
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month's supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an IUD, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice-president of the National Partnership for Women and Families. They say the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
"Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs," they say. "We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate."
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers today on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
The Trump administration's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception.
by
By: Alex Valdes
Staff Writer
Entrepreneurship is highly thought of in the Business School of Perdue.
With the Student Entrepreneurship Competition and Shore Hatchery, there is plenty of opportunity to gain real-world experience in putting together business plans and potentially earning money while doing it.
What tends to be the problem when it comes to students making the decision to compete is the lack of ‘know-how' and support for their projects.
In response to this need the Innovation, Entrepreneurship and Economic Development Hub, better known as ‘The Hub,' was officially opened this year.
Students can visit The Hub on the first floor of Perdue Hall. Alex Valdes image.
The mission is to help people produce products, start businesses and create jobs.
The Hub strives to meet its goal in several ways.
It provides support for participants in the competitions.
It is there for those who need to talk to someone about their idea. Professor William Burke of the Perdue School of Business holds office hours on a regular basis for those who have questions about their projects and ideas.
This help is also provided by other faculty and staff members, and students or guest speakers who come and host workshops along with free consulting sessions.
The Hub serves as a location to facilitate the training and support for the Student Entrepreneurship Competition hosted every spring by the Perdue School of Business.
While this competition is 30 years old, Burke has been associated with the competitions for the past 15 years.
In the past, they would utilize their faculty office space to run the competition.
However, with the increase in interest for the competition and other venues for startup ideas, it became clear that another, larger space was needed.
The participation in this student competition has steadily increased, along with the cash prizes for the winners.
In the past five years alone, the total cash prize winnings have increased from $5,000 to $100,000.
The student competition currently has 40 judges between the three different rounds; Invest in my Idea Poster, The Gull Cage and the Bernstein Business Plan.
Besides the student entrepreneurship competition in the spring, there is also the Ratcliffe Foundation Shore Hatchery competition with total cash prizes annually of $200,000.
As of last year, these competitions in total gave out approximately $300,000 to 36 different competitors for their business ideas and current ventures.
Interest in these competitions is picking up with students outside the business school.
In last year's competition, 50 percent of students who moved from the first round were not Perdue School members.
The purpose of The Hub has also been to provide the entrepreneurship competitions with a physical presence in the SU community.
Increasing awareness across campus is key to the success of The Hub.
“In the past, I have had to request speaking time in other classrooms across campus to present the entrepreneurship competition to students,” Burke said. “Now, professors invite me to their classrooms to talk about the program.”
The Hub also serves as a network center to match business students with people who have good ideas but do not have the expertise to develop a business plan that can attract investors.
With the Collegiate Entrepreneurship Organization, or CEO, any student interested in competing can find support from other business students who may have more knowledge and experience with organizing entrepreneurial ventures.
According to Burke, The Hub is a stepping stone for something bigger coming down the road. Salisbury University was gifted The Gallery building in downtown Salisbury.
Professor Burke alongside the floor plan for the new Center for Entrepreneurship. Alex Valdes image.
Currently there are plans in the works to set up an entrepreneurship center within The Gallery building where winners of the competitions can utilize the space in the process of bringing their ideas to market.
This new center will serve as an exhibit to the community to put on display some of the best examples of entrepreneurship.
The center will add value to the community in two ways, through encouraging economic development and job creation here in the local area.
“There are plenty of funds, grants and support at the local level where anyone with a viable business pursuit can find the necessary capital to get going and start creating value for the local community,” Burke said.
With this new center in the works, some may wonder what it means for The Hub.
“The Hub will be the feeder for the new entrepreneurship center as well as the growth of the entrepreneurship competitions,” Burke said.
The ball has been rolling for a while, but it is about to get much bigger.
The greatest part is that the support and assistance is there for any student who wants to realize their dreams and feed their entrepreneurial appetite beyond satisfaction.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Where do you live or work? In a high-rise building, it is a long way up. This is only a 10-story building and take a look at how far up it is. You won't survive if you have to jump, so how do you get out? What is your best bet?
Firefighters, headlights and sirens head to one of the taller buildings in downtown Hartford.
After seeing the deadly fire in the high-rise building in London yesterday, it's on people's minds.
“What were you thinking when you saw the video?” “Horrified. Absolutely horrifying.”
Donna Estabrook has worked in high-rise buildings for the majority of their career. They watched a video of the fire in London where 12 people were killed and it is something they think about.
“I used to work in City Place and I was much more fearful. I was on the 30th floor and our safe floor was the 22nd floor. Trust me, I didn't feel safe on the 22nd floor,” they said.
Firefighters say they train on high-rise buildings. With modern buildings, there are fire protections like fire alarms, pipe stands and sprinkler systems, but as Estabrook knows, you have to know all of the emergency exits and which one is the best to use.
“It is drilled into us. We have many fire drills, many times throughout the year. There are several stairwells throughout the building so we have more than one opportunity to get out,” they said.
Firefighters say no matter what, you should never take the elevator in case of a fire. There are a couple reasons why. The elevators are too small to evacuate anyone in a timely manner. More importantly, the elevator shaft acts like a chimney trying to heat and smoke straight up through the elevator car. If you were inside and that happens, Battalion Chief John Sokolowski of the West Hartford Fire Department says it's a fatal place to be.
“It will go up and out the path of the least resistance and smoke will transfer through those vertical shafts in the building…so you can get smoked out if you're in an elevator, you potentially could,” they said.
Another problem with the elevators is that they are tied into the alarm and sprinkler systems. When the alarms go off, Chief Sokolowski says the elevators stop working.
“Generally what ends up happening is that the alarm systems that are set up on elevators will recall them down to the first floor of the building. So you won't have the availability of the elevator. You're sitting there, pushing buttons and no elevator is coming. Correct,” they said.
Another important thing to remembers is that if you're in a hotel, there is an evacuation chart on the back of your door. You should really take a minute to look at it because if it's really smoky and there's a fire in an unfamiliar building, you may even have to count doors to exit to the stairwell.
This week in Denver, there are plenty of art exhibits to see, film screenings to watch and comedians to enjoy. See Rob Schneider live, hear hilarious stories of failure at F*uckUp Nights, or see a one-night, pop-up museum in a RiNo construction lot. For a fun day of yoga and baseball, head to Coors Field for Yoga Day in the morning, a Rockies game at night. Head to the Denver Museum of Nature and Science's Science Lounge to learn about the upcoming eclipse and view the sun through a telescope, or participate in this week's Work in Progress at MCA Denver. Grab your friends and try a little bit of everything.
Monday, August 14
Common Ground: Photographs by Fazal Sheikh
When: Exhibit opens this week, available for viewing 10 a.m. – 5 p.m.
Where: Denver Art Museum – 100 W. 14th Ave., Denver
Cost: $10. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: This exhibit will go over the many photographs taken by Fazal Sheikh over the course of their 25-year career. Their photographs feature both subjects and their stories as their intent was to raise awareness to human rights issues. View over 170 moving photographs and celebrate Sheikh and their life's work.
READ: DAM Brings the Lives of Refugees to Denver with Heart-Wrenching Photography Exhibit
Tuesday, August 15
The Farthest Screening at the DMNS
When: August 15, 7 – 9:30 p.m.
Where: Denver Museum of Nature and Science – 2001 Colorado Blvd, Denver
Cost: $10. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: This is a documentary you'll want to see on the big screen as it features incredible images of space. The independent film tells the stories of the astronauts and engineers that created machines that have let man see further and further into space. Explore the museum's space exhibits before grabbing your popcorn and finding your viewing spot.
Sunset Cinema Presents Moulin Rouge
When: August 15, 6 – 9 p.m.
Where: The Galleria at the Denver Performing Arts Complex – Speer Blvd. and Arapahoe St., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: Watch another iconic dance movie, Moulin Rouge, for this week's Sunset Cinema. Before the movie, there will be dance lessons to learn to dance like the film stars, performances, live music, themed cocktails and food.
Wednesday, August 16
F*ckUp Night
When: August 16, 7:30 p.m.
Where: Ophelia's Electric Soapbox – 1215 20th St., Denver
Cost: $20. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: Denver professionals are sharing their hilarious stories of failure for your laughing pleasure and own self-assurance. Your first beer from Ratio Beerworks is free. Then, hear crash-and-burn tales from Michael Fox, the co-owner of eTuk USA, Julie Rodriguez, the founder of Denver Nomz and Lee Breslouer, senior editor at The Beer Necessities.
Editor's Note: 303 Magazine is a media sponsor for this event.
Work in Progress with Rootfoot
When: August 16, 7 – 9 p.m.
Where: MCA Denver – 1485 Delgany St., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: This round of the MCA Denver and Fellow Magazine‘s collab' features Laura Huth, founder of Rootfoot. Grab a drink for happy hour at the museum's bar and settle in for the artist talk. Huth will explain their unisex, plant-based fragrances, incenses and accessories and how they base these products on their connection with the earth and uses ayurveda, aromatherapy and yoga in their creation. After hearing their story and unique art form, members of the audience are given the chance to talk about their own projects.
SCFD Showcase
When: August 16, 5 – 8:30 p.m.
Where: Denver Botanic Gardens – 1007 York St., Denver
Cost: $6.25 – half priced admission. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: This night of dance and performance to the backdrop of the botanic gardens would make for a relaxing Wednesday night. Watch the performances of cultural groups including the Molly Brown House Museum, the Bird Conservancy of the Rockies, the Denver Museum of Nature and Science, Control Group Productions, S.M. DANCE s2dio5, the Colorado Repertory Singers, the Colorado Wind Ensemble, CherryArts, the Museo De Las Americas, the Fiesta Colorado Dance Company and the Colorado Korean Chorus. There will be bites to eat throughout the garden as well as art to enjoy.
Civic Center Cinema: Jurassic World
When: August 16, 6:30 – 10:30 p.m.
Where: Civic Center Park – Colfax Ave. and Bannock St., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: Looking for a fun, Wednesday movie night? Head to Civic Center Park and start off with a few games of cornhole and bocce ball. Snag a bite to eat from one of the food trucks or pack your own picnic before picking your spot on the grass for a screening of Jurassic World.
RiNo – A Tour of Creative Businesses, Public Art and Murals
When: August 16, 6 p.m.
Where: 3240 Design – 3240 Larimer St., Denver
Cost: Free. RSVP here.
The Lowdown: Today, RiNo is known as an artistic and creative district. Learn how it transformed into what it is today through a tour of the architecture, art and businesses of the area. You'll make stops at public art sites as well as Redline, Platte Forum, “Trade Deficit” by Joe Reiche, Dada Bar, Processus, several murals, Denver Central Market and 3240 Design.
Thursday, August 17
Science Lounge: Total Eclipse
When: August 17, 6:30 – 9:30 p.m.
Where: Denver Museum of Nature and Science – 2001 Colorado Blvd, Denver
Cost: $15. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: Get ready for the solar eclipse by hanging out in the science lounge this week and talking all things shade. Learn about the cause of an eclipse and how to view it, look at the sun through solar telescopes and explore its orbit through a demonstration. Do all of this while sipping on a dark cocktail in the spirit of the moon's shadow.
Art On Film: La La Land
When: August 17, 7:30 – 10:30 p.m.
Where: Center for Visual Art, MSU Denver – 965 Santa Fe Dr., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: This installation of MSU Denver's Art on Film summer series features the award-winning film, La La Land. Enjoy a late-night art viewing in the gallery, live music by Wildflowers and Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone singing and dancing to jazz music onscreen. Bring your chairs and snacks as the movie starts in the lot at CVA at dusk.
The Odd Hour
When: August 17, 9 a.m. – 2 a.m.
Where: Tracks Denver – 3500 Walnut St., Denver
Cost: $5 cover after 10 p.m.
The Lowdown: The Odd Hour of this month is going to be sketchy—literally. Party with Yvie Oddly and draw your favorite cartoon and comic book characters. The special guests are The Oddballs, who will perform live as you wait for the clock to strike 13 and sip on the $5 OddBall special.
Lucas Brothers
When: August 17 – 19, 8 p.m. Thursday, 7:30 and 9:45 p.m. Friday and Saturday.
Where: 1226 15th St., Denver
Cost: $17 – $25
The Lowdown: See this dynamic duo in action as they create a hilarious show by feeding off each other's jokes. You may have seen them in 22 Jump Street, but check out their stand-up special on Netflix, The Lucas Bros: On Drugs, to get a taste for their comedy style before see them live.
Denver Public Art's “Sky Song” Art Party
When: August 17, 7 p.m.
Where: Levitt Pavilion – 1380 W Florida Ave., Denver
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: This newest piece of artwork in the Denver Public Art collection, “Sky Song”, allows you to experiment with the piece and create your own music and light show. The artists, Nick Geurts and Ryan Elmendorf will be present for this event to talk about the piece. Stay after for performances by The Haunted Windchimes and Edison at 7:30 p.m.
Friday, August 18
Donate2Date Charity Date Auction
When: August 18, doors open at 5:30 – 11 p.m.
Where: Edge at Four Seasons – 1111 14th St., Denver
Cost: $40 online, $50 at the door. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: Date for a cause at the Children's Hospital Colorado 7th annual event. Bid on a bachelor or bachelorette for a future date, or participate in the silent auction to snag gym memberships, hotel packages, photography sessions, wine tasting and more. Funds raised will go towards supporting patients, families and hospital staff at the Children's Hospital.
Rob Schneider
When: August 18 – 19, 7:15 p.m. and 9:45 p.m.
Where: 5345 Landmark Pl., Greenwood Village
Cost: $45. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: If you've ever seen an Adam Sandler movie, you know who Rob Schneider is. The comedic character they play transfers out of the movies and on to the stage in Schneider's stand-up comedy. With a Netflix series about their life, a CBS sitcom that they wrote, produced and starred in and plenty of films under their belt, Schneider is a pro at comedy. But they haven't performed in stand-up in 20 years. Catch them live this weekend as they return to the stage.
Saturday, August 19
Drive-In: Personal Space
When: August 19, 7 – 10 p.m.
Where: A construction lot in RiNo – 2606 Lawrence St., Denver. Get directions here.
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: This one-night, pop-up museum will feature 13 artists in a unique space. Contemporary art by Amber Cobb, Graham Eschen, Tobias Fike, Kate Gonda, Caleb Hahne, Lucas McMahon, Dimitri Obergfell, Zach Reini, Nick Silici, Gretchen Schaefer, Laura Shill, Kristen Sink and Mario Zootswill be on display in vehicles.
Trail Restoration on Mount Elbert
When: August 19 – 20, 7:30 a.m. – 4:30 a.m.
Where: Wildlands Restoration Volunteers – 3012 Sterling Circle, Ste 201, Boulder
Cost: Free. Register here.
The Lowdown: You may have heard of, or even climbed, the highest point in Colorado. This iconic peak, Mount Elbert, unfortunately, has some of the worst conditions for hiking of the fourteeners and attracts more hikers than it can carry every year. Currently, the trail passes through habitat for local and globally sensitive species and 1.5 million cubic feet of sediment has been lost due to erosion. This project is giving Coloradans a chance to help fix this problem and maintain both the ecology of the mountain and the ability for people to climb it. As a volunteer, you will be able to help build and close trails, create rock check dams and plank retaining walls, add soil fill, transplant local vegetation and plant native alpine seeds.
Yoga Day Hosted by the Colorado Rockies
When: August 19, 8:30 a.m. – 11 p.m.
Where: Coors Field – 2001 Blake St., Denver
Cost: $30 – $70. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: Imagine Coors Field full of yoga mats and downward-dog poses. The Rockies are hosting its 5th Annual Yoga Day and combining yoga and baseball. Start the morning off right with an hour-long yoga class on the field. Then come back at 6:10 p.m. to watch the Rockies play the Brewers. With your ticket, you'll be able to participate in the yoga class, watch the game and receive a Rockies-themed yoga-promotional item.
Intro to Sculpting Workshop
When: August 19, 2 – 4 p.m.
Where: Denver Art Society – 734 Santa Fe Dr, Denver
Cost: $45. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: At this two-hour workshop, learn how to sculpt whatever your mind can create. You'll learn basic sculpting, tools, technique, materials and armature building and receive two pounds of clay and 20 feet of wire to go nuts with. Bring your ideas and maybe a picture you'd like to use as a model.
Global Fest
When: August 19, 1 – 9 p.m.
Where: Aurora Municipal Center – 15151 E Alameda Pkwy., Aurora
Cost: Free
The Lowdown: Experience cultural traditions, performances and flavors from around the world at Global Fest. There will be a variety of performances including poetry, salsa dancing and music specific to world regions. Represent your culture or just come to have a great time and watch the diversity of cultures converge.
Sunday, August 20
Barre3 on the Rocks
When: August 20, 8 – 9 a.m.
Where: Red Rocks Park and Amphitheatre – 18300 West Alameda Pkwy., Morrison
Cost: $15. Get tickets here.
The Lowdown: Get ready to bend, squat and tone your butt on the steps of Red Rocks. You'll do this 60 minute class while wearing noise-cancelling headphones so you can hear both the music and instructor. Bring a yoga mat and water and start off your Sunday morning with this graceful workout.
Mark Your Calendar
High Plains Comedy Festival
When: August 24 – 26, 7 – 10:30 p.m. Thursday, 6 – 11 p.m. Friday, 3 – 10:30 p.m. Saturday
Where: See various locations and venues here.
Cost: $10 – $45
Tickets: Available here.
The Color Run 5k Denver
When: August 26, 8 – 11 a.m.
Where: Coors Field – 2001 Blake St., Denver
Cost: $44.99 – $49.99
Tickets: Available here.
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) — Bangladesh's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday said their government would continue to support nearly 1 million Rohingya Muslims who have fled neighboring Myanmar to escape violence.
Hasina said the government was pursuing a plan to build temporary shelters for the Rohingya on an island with the help of international aid agencies whom they praised for their support.
They made the statement at Dhaka airport on their return from New York after attending the U.N. General Assembly session. The U.N. has described the violence in Myanmar as “ethnic cleansing.”
Hasina accused Myanmar of creating tensions at the border, but said they have asked the country's security forces to deal with the crisis “very carefully.”
“They pretended like they wanted a war,” they said.
More than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims have crossed over to Bangladesh since late August, when Myanmar security forces responded to militant attacks with a broad crackdown that witnesses and rights groups say has included killing and arson. An equal number of Rohingya Muslims have previously fled Myanmar since 1978.
Myanmar doesn't recognize the Rohingya as an ethnic group, instead insisting they are Bengali migrants from Bangladesh living illegally in the country. Myanmar has come under international criticism for failing to stop the recent violence in its Rakhine state and in turn an exodus that has become the largest refugee crisis to hit Asia in decades.
The Myanmar government's information committee said in a statement late Thursday that it had stopped 17,000 Rohingya from fleeing in just four days last week. Still villagers say Rohingya are still attempting to leave and many are gathered on the beaches just across the water from Bangladesh waiting for a chance to leave the country.
On Saturday, Hasina reiterated that the settlements for Rohingya Muslims would be temporary until they returned to their homes in Myanmar.
Them government would continue to support them with food and shelter.
“If needed, we will eat a full meal once a day and share the rest with them,” they said.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
All-rounder Alex Hughes has committed their long-term future to Derbyshire by signing a new three-year deal to keep them at the club until the end of the 2020 season.
The 26-year-old, who has progressed from the club's academy, enjoyed a career-best campaign in 2017, featuring in every domestic game and hitting 800 first-class runs, including a career-high 142 against Gloucestershire in September.
Hughes was also a mainstay in the county's limited-overs teams, firing more than 350 runs and topping the club's batting averages in the Royal London One-Day Cup. Marking a memorable year, Hughes was awarded their county cap in September and was named player of the year at the club's end-of-season awards evening.
Captain Billy Godleman said: “Alex is a great lad and works hard at their game. They offer us a range of skills across all forms and we're pleased to see them commit their future to the club.
“He is developing into a high-class batsman, a very capable bowler and an exceptional fielder.  They are a real team man and an individual we can build a side around for years to come.”
Hughes said: “I'm delighted to sign a new contract. Hopefully I can repay the club's faith in me with more good performances.”
A MELBOURNE-BASED comedian who tweeted that Anzac Day is "Bogan Halloween" and a celebration of Australia's "fetishism of war and violence" has been slammed for their comments.
But like most pile-ons on social media, many took things way, way too far.
Catherine Deveny tweeted on Tuesday that "serve" is not the right word for our armed servicemen and women.
"Why do people in the armed forces use the word 'serve' to describe their work despite it being no more dangerous or prone to upheaval than many other jobs?" they wrote.
"It's just a job and work. Throw the term 'serve' in the bin. It's part of the fetishism of war and violence."
Later, they wrote that it was a "hilarious notion" that our Diggers fought for our right to free speech and that "Australians who have worked in the violence industry have fought wars to suck up to the US and British".
On Tuesday, a former soldier wrote to Deveny: "Catherine, I served my country, as a soldier, for 26 years. How many did you serve? Zero."
The comedian responded: "You didn't serve your country, you chose a job in the violence industry."
ANZAC Day. It's Bogan Halloween. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 24, 2018
One of the thing that ANZAC day brings up is the hilarious notion that Australians have fought for our right to free speech. Australians do not have the right to free speech. Australians who have worked in the violence industry have fought wars to suck up to the US and British. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 24, 2018
Why do people in the armed forces use the word 'serve' to describe their work despite it being no more dangerous or prone to upheaval than many other jobs? It's just a job and work. Throw the term 'serve' in the bin. It's part of the fetishisation of war and violence. — Catherine Deveny (@CatherineDeveny) April 23, 2018
On Facebook they declared that they can't wait for Anzac Day to be over.
"I abhor Anzac Day and can't wait til it's over. I am so delighted to hear the chorus increasing every year saying 'Anzac Day is bullshit. It's a Trojan horse for ­racism, sexism, toxic masculinity, violence, homophobia and discrimination'.
"ANZAC Day is f***ing disgusting and should have gone in the bin decades ago. As it gets closer my head feels tighter and tighter and I feel more and more nauseous. I blame the collective cognitive dissonance seeping in."
They finished with a third tweet late on Tuesday night: "ANZAC Day. It's Bogan Halloween."
Deveny has been here before.  They are an outspoken critic of Anzac Day and previously wrote that they expect the "yearly hate explosion over my Anzac Day opinions".
"My views, that Anzac Day does not reflect the inclusiveness of all those affected by war, nor our more sophisticated understanding of the true machinations and motivations behind war are neither rare, radical nor new."
In recent years, they wrote: "Anzac Day. A celebration of a society so f***ed up it saw no other option than to go to war. Kill, rape and invade. Then glorify it."
The response is almost always the same. Some support her, many are disappointed.
"It must be that time of the year again," Guy McRedmond wrote on Twitter.
"When you try to convince yourself that you are somehow relevant by tweeting more uneducated rubbish about ANZAC Day and serving members of the ADF. It's easy to post crap to get a reaction. Certainly a lot easier than serving one's country."
Another wrote that Deveny has "the right to free speech but this is vulgar. Would you say that to the face of an elderly soldier?"
Journalist Tom Steinfort tweeted simply: "Catherine Deveny. Yawn. Don't give them the attention they crave."
3AW host Tom Elliot said they were "upset" by Deveny's comments.
"Bloody hell, they are an absolute nutcase," they said. "This idea that fighting the Taliban in Afghanistan where you could be killed at any time is riduclous. What on earth would Catherine Deveny, a left-wing, alleged, not very funny comedian know about such a thing?"
The Australian Defence Association told The Australian Deveny was being "deliberately provocative".
"(She) ignores that serving in our Defence Force means accepting the obligation to 'work' in an unlimited liability occupation," the Association said. "That's why it's serving, not just working ... "Moreover, Australia has a Defence Force, not 'armed forces'."
But others responded with threats of rape and violence and ruined any chance for sensible debate.
Catherine Deveny is no stranger to backlash over their Anzac Day tweets. Picture: Scott McNaughton
After a series of tweets in the lead up to Anzac Day this year, Deveny wrote that Anzac "trolls" are "ignorant and uneducated and prove my point better than I ever could ... Show Some Respect = Shut The F*** Up Or I'll Threaten To Rape You".
She's not the first Australian with a profile to speak out against Anzac Day. Former SBS presenter Scott McIntyre was sacked in 2015 after referring to Australians marking Anzac Day as "poorly-read, largely white, nationalist drinkers and gamblers".
The Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull responded on Twitter, saying it is "difficult to think of more offensive or inappropriate comments" and that the "despicable remarks deserve to be condemned".
That didn't stop them from posting a bunch more tweets on the subject in 2016.
Heroism on command, senseless violence, all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism. pic.twitter.com/AMdt0lq9gA — Scott McIntyre (@mcintinhos) April 25, 2016
Yassmin Abdel-Magied sparked a major backlast last year when they tweeted, "Lest We Forget (Manus, Nauru, Syria, Palestine)."
Last week, they doubled down on those comments, saying "you don't even need to mention the diggers (to get a response). You just need to ask for people to extend their empathy to others".
News.com.au has reached out to Deveny for comment.
rohan.smith1@news.com.au | @ro_smith
© Elle
saying, "Everybody makes mistakes."
A single day's series of unfortunate events has left Special Counselor to the President, Kellyanne Conway, dealing with the Office of Government Ethics while also denying they retweeted a white nationalist.Conway's interview last week on 'Fox and Friends' took place in the wake of Nordstrom dropping Ivanka's clothing line. President Donald Trump had tweeted that Nordstrom treated their daughter "unfairly."On February 9, Conway used their time during an interview on Fox News to give a "free commercial" to Ivanka's clothing brand, urging Americans to "Go buy Ivanka's stuff! I'm going to go get some myself today," Conway said. "This is just a wonderful line...Go buy it today everybody, you can find it online."On Monday, Walter Shaub, director of the OGE, sent a letter to the White House, calling that a "clear violation" of ethics rules. The letter was released Tuesday by Democrats on the House oversight committee."Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct Act and that disciplinary action is warranted," Shaub wrote. Specifically, the OGE says that Conway violated statute CFR 2635.702 of the Standards of Conduct, which prohibits employees from using their public position for private gain."An employee shall not use their public office for their own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity," the statute reads.The letter also questions Conway's decision to give a "free commercial," while they were "appearing in their official capacity" at the White House. "As Ms. Conway made these statements, they appeared on screen in a tight frame between the official seal of the White House and the American flag," the letter states.Shaub concludes the letter by formally requesting the White House send the findings of their investigation on Conway or any disciplinary action to the OGE by the end of the month.As if things couldn't get any worse, early Tuesday morning,The message from Lib Hypocrisy complemented Conway's "strength and resiliency in the face of hatred, bigotry, & sexism of the unhinged Left," and called them an inspiration.However, Conway did not only retweet the message, they also responded with a message to the account, saying, "Love you back," and wished a happy Valentine's Day to "the Hapless Haters."
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — Gunmen posing as military forces were holding dozens of hostages inside a popular restaurant in Somalia's capital in an attack that began when a car bomb exploded at the gate, police and a witness said Wednesday night, while the extremist group al-Shabab claimed responsibility.
Police said at least nine people had been killed and several wounded. Most of the victims were young men who were entering the Pizza House when the vehicle exploded, Capt. Mohamed Hussein said.
A burst of gunfire was later heard inside the restaurant, Hussein said.
The gunmen “were dressed in military uniforms. They forced those fleeing the site to go inside” the restaurant, witness Nur Yasin told The Associated Press.
Advertisement
The blast largely destroyed the restaurant's facade and sparked a fire. While al-Shabab claimed to have attacked the neighboring Posh Treats restaurant, which is frequented by the city's elite and was damaged in the blast, security officials said the Pizza House was targeted instead.
Security forces rescued Asian, Ethiopian, Kenyan and other workers at Posh Treats as the attack continued, Hussein said.
The Somalia-based al-Shabab often targets high-profile areas of Mogadishu, including hotels, military checkpoints and areas near the presidential palace. It has vowed to step up attacks after the recently elected government launched a new military offensive against it.
Al-Shabab last year became the deadliest Islamic extremist group in Africa, with more than 4,200 people killed in 2016, according to the Washington-based Africa Center for Strategic Studies.
The extremist group also faces a new military push from the United States after President Donald Trump approved expanded operations, including airstrikes, against al-Shabab. On Sunday, the U.S. military in Africa said it carried out an airstrike in southern Somalia that killed eight Islamic extremists at a rebel command and logistics camp.
Somalia President Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed confirmed that airstrike and said such attacks would disrupt the group's ability to conduct new attacks.
With a new federal government established, pressure is growing on Somalia's military to assume full responsibility for the country's security. The 22,000-strong African Union multinational force, AMISOM, which has been supporting the fragile central government, plans to start withdrawing in 2018 and leave by the end of 2020.
Also Wednesday, the U.N. Security Council unanimously adopted a resolution extending the U.N. political mission in the Horn of Africa nation, which is trying to rebuild after more than two decades as a failed state, until March 31, 2018. The resolution recognized that “this is a critical moment for Somalia.”
___
Associated Press writer Edith M. Lederer at the United Nations contributed.
Moto Z Play owners can now look forward to a new Android update for their smartphones. A Motorola representative has just confirmed that an Android 7.1.1 update is being developed and that it will be rolled out for the users.
However, there is one small roadblock. The only point of concern is that the representative is not 100 percent sure on when the update will be rolled out. And while with this news we are expecting the roll out to happen soon but there is still a chance that the company could change its mind at the last moment.
SEE ALSO: Moto E4 Plus 360-render leak kind of confirms 5,000mAh battery
On the other hand, Motorola recently updated the Moto Z Play to Android 7.0 Nougat fromAndroid 6.0.1 Marshmallow. The update came with an enhanced version of Doze Mode which would allow the users to have extended battery life. Additionally, the update brought multi-window capabilities, customized quick settings menu, and a "clear all" button to close all open apps with a single tap. The Moto Z Play also got many other fixes and improvements bundled in Nougat.
SEE ALSO: Motorola Moto Z2 Force press renders leaked
But the main point is that it seems Android 7.0 will not be the last update for Moto Z Play. And if the reports are to be believed, if the smartphone does receive the 7.1.1 version then the update will be bringing some interesting new features as well as improvements to the platform.
Source
Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne and their cabinet ministers excel at alternative facts and fake news.
The latest example was Finance Minister Charles Sousa's speech Thursday to The Empire Club, part of which boasted about how the Liberals saved Ontario's electricity system by doing the heavy lifting needed to improve it.
As a result, Sousa said, Ontario's electricity grid is now “the envy of North America” because the Liberals restored “integrity and reliability” to it, unlike neighbouring Canadian provinces and the rust belt states.
Simply put, what on Earth is Sousa talking about?
Hydro One controls the transmission of electricity through 29,000 km of hydro lines in Ontario and provides electricity to 1.3 million customers.
In their December, 2015 annual report, Ontario Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk said between 2010 and 2014, Hydro One customer experienced 24% more power outages, lasting 30% longer, while costs to run the system increased by 31%.
They described Hydro One as “consistently one of the least reliable among large Canadian electricity distributors”.
They said its maintenance backlog increased by 47% and power outages by 7%, between 2012 and 2014.
Lysyk reported the risk of power failures was increasing because Hydro One hadn't replaced $4.5 billion in transmission assets, “that have exceeded their planned useful service life”.
In 2014, former Ontario ombudsman Andre Marin reported that trying to get straight answers out of Hydro One on its horrendous customer billing practices, following complaints by 10,000 customers, was like, “wrestling with a slippery pig”.
They said Hydro One had issued more than 100,000 incorrect bills, covering everything from unexplained billings, to “catch-up” bills, “estimated” bills, multiple bills and over-billing.
Wynne is now selling 60% of Hydro One to the private sector, putting it beyond the scrutiny of the auditor general and ombudsman.
Sousa said the government now realizes electricity rates are too high, which is why its cutting them by a total of 25% in June (by increasing the province's debt to subsidize them).
While Sousa didn't mention it, prior to this announcement, the Liberals claimed electricity pricing in Ontario was in the middle of the pack compared to Canada and the US.
Hydro Quebec does an annual comparison of electricity rates in major cities, standardized for a monthly consumption of 1,000 kilowatt-hours (kWh), with all prices in Canadian currency.
Its 2016 survey found electricity prices for residential customers in Toronto of 17.81 cents per kilowatt/hour and in Ottawa of 16.15 cents per kilowatt/hour.
That was higher than in Vancouver (10.70); Calgary (10.40); Edmonton (10.37); Regina (14.65); Winnipeg (8.43); Montreal (7.23); Halifax (15.88); Moncton (12.50); Charlottetown (16.02); St. John's (11.96); Seattle (13.62); Portland (13.94); Chicago (15.19); Nashville (14.28); Houston (11.25) and Miami (11.67).
The Toronto and Ottawa rates were lower than in San Francisco (31.05); Detroit (20.24); Boston (27.69) and New York (29.52).
Thus, according to Hydro Quebec's major cities' survey, Ontario's residential electricity rates are the highest in Canada and only in the mid-range when you add in American cities.
An accurate statement in Sousa's Empire Club speech regarding hydro was that the system needed upgrading when the Liberals came into power in 2003 because of past neglect by governments of all stripes, including Liberals.
But much of it was firmly in the realm of alternative facts and fake news.
lgoldstein@postmedia.com
Boursa Kuwait ended last week in the red zone zone. The Premier Market Index closed at 4,687.71 points, down by 1.64%, the Main Market Index decreased by 1.13% after closing at 4,809.20 points, whereas the All-Share Index closed at 4,731.35 points down by 1.45%. Furthermore, last week's average daily turnover increased by 2.41%, compared to the preceding week, reaching K.D 7.56 million, whereas trading volume average was 39.07 million shares, recording a decrease of 4.64%.
The Boursa performance was weak in general during the last week, as the negative impact remains over controlling the trading activity, amid continued low confidence rates of many investors, in addition to the noticeable decline in the trading activity, especially the cash liquidity, which decreased in one session of the week to its lowest levels in about two years, that came in light of the refrain of some portfolios and investment funds from purchase, in addition to the effect of the holy month of Ramadan, where trading activity drops in general.
Also, the selling operations witnessed by the Market during the last week included many traded stocks, especially the stocks of the companies that disclosed positive fiscal results for the first quarter of the current year, while the selling pressures included some leading stocks too, which contributed to the increase in the three Market indices' losses and pushed it to close in the red zone for the second consecutive week.
The Boursa recorded a weekly loss of around K.D. 380 million, as its market capitalization by the end of the week reached to K.D. 26.05 billion, against K.D. 26.43 billion in the previous week, down by 1.44%. The Boursa market cap losses since the market segmentation phase reached K.D. 1.81 billion, down by 6.48%.(Note: The market cap for the listed companies in the Market is calculated based on the average weighted number of outstanding shares as per the latest available official financial statements).
Moreover, last week witnessed trading over 146 stock out of 175 listed stock in the Market, where prices of 46 stock increased against prices of 85 stock decreased, and prices 44 stock remained at no change.
Sectors' Indices
Ten of Boursa Kuwait's sectors ended last week in the red zone, two recorded increases. Last week's highest loser was the Basic Materials sector, as its index declined by 3.83% to end the week's activity at 1,033.39 points. The Industrial sector was second on the losers' list, which index declined by 2.79%, closing at 955.16 points, followed by the Insurance sector, as its index closed at 911.44 points at a loss of 2.55%. The Telecommunications sector was the least declining as its index closed at 802.77 points with a 0.12% decrease.
On the other hand, the Oil & Gas sector headed the gainers list as its index achieving 0.82% growth rate as its index closed at 1,004.64 points. Whereas, in the second place, the Health Care sector's index closed at 999.63 points recording 0.40% increase.
Sectors' Activity
The Financial Services sector dominated a total trade volume of around 66.91 million shares changing hands during last week, representing 34.27% of the total market trading volume. The Banks sector was second in terms of trading volume as the sector's traded shares were 28.88% of last week's total trading volume, with a total of around 56.37 million shares.
On the other hand, the Banks sector's stocks were the highest traded in terms of value; with a turnover of around K.D 19.50 million or 51.60% of last week's total market trading value. The Industrial sector took the second place as the sector's last week turnover was approx. K.D. 5.11 million representing 13.52% of the total market trading value.
VISUAL ARTS/PERFORMING ARTS
Winter Fest 2017, multiple times Feb. 17 through March 2 at the Dietrich Theater. Doors will open at 6 p.m. for Opening Night, which will includes two acclaimed films, popcorn, cheese and crackers, wine, beer and brownie sundae dessert. Movie-goers can enjoy 14 foreign, independent and art films in 14 days. Cost: $25 for Opening Night tickets and $8.50 each for all other showings. Reservations (required for Opening Night only): 570-996-1500. Info: DietrichTheater.com.
Soul Shakers Winter Blues Guitarmageddon II, 7:30 p.m. Feb. 17 in the Grand Ballroom of the Scranton Cultural Center at the Masonic Temple, 420 North Washington Ave., Scranton. Featuring some of NEPA's most talented blues musicians, the event, which premiered successfully in February 2016, is a fundraiser for the Scranton Cultural Center, with proceeds benefiting its ongoing operations, restoration and programming. Cost: $20. Tickets: at the Fidelity Bank Box Office at the SCC in person or by calling 570-344-1111, or via Ticketmaster. Info: SCCMT.org.
‘Off-Broadway' Dramatic Readings, 2:30 p.m. Feb. 19 at the Abington Community Library. In conjunction with the Clarks Summit Festival of Ice, Clarks Summit resident Robert Hughes will perform their dramatic readings of Maya Angelou's “Amazing Peace,” and a short essay entitled “The Immigrant Mother,” author unknown. The event is family-oriented. Cost: free. Info/register: 570-587-3440.
Clarks Summit University presents ‘Peter and the Starcatcher,' 7:30 p.m. Feb. 23, 24 and 25 on the university's main stage in the Phelps Student Center. This musical play puts fun and imagination in the spotlight as 12 actors play multiple memorable characters. Cost: $8. Tickets: 570-585-9000 or ClarksSummitU.edu/events.
An Evening of Jazz and Drinks, 7 p.m. Feb. 24 in Evans Hall in Hibbard Campus Center. at Keystone College. The evening will feature music by the Keystone College Jazz Combo as well as beer and wine from Nimble Hill and hors d'oeuvres and desserts from Sodexo Dining Services. There will be a basket raffle featuring a variety of prizes. Proceeds will help the Factoryville Fire Company fund the construction of its new fire station and pay for a new rescue-pumper truck. Cost: $30 in advance and $35 at the door. Tickets: contact Elena O'Connor at 570-945-8160 or elena.oconnor@keystone.edu or visit www.keystone.edu/event/evening-jazz-drinks. In case of inclement weather, the event will be held at the same time and place on Friday, March 31.
National Theatre Live on Screen: ‘Amadeus,' 2 p.m. Feb. 26 and March 12 at the Dietrich Theater. Cost: $14 for general admission, $12 for members and seniors and $10 for children and students. Info: 570-996-1500.
Post-Festival Film Discussion, 1 p.m. March 3 at the Dietrich Theater. A discussion of Winter Fest 2017 films, facilitated by Ronnie Harvey, film buff extraordinaire. Cost: Free.
After School Players Performance, 11 a.m. March 4 at the Dietrich Theater. A performance of “Third Class” by Brad Slaight, a tale of real life lessons learned outside the classroom. By studying all aspects of producing a play, with emphasis on learning the world of the crew and all aspects of backstage, the middle and high school students will show what they have learned by performing for a live audience. All are invited to come and support young talent. Cost: $5. Info: 570-996-1500.
Community Concerts at Lackawanna College presents comedian Kathleen Madigan, 8 p.m. March 10 at Lackawanna College. Cost: $36-$40. Tickets: ticketfly.com, 570-955-1455 or through the Box Office, located at Lackawanna College in Angeli Hall, 501 Vine St. during the Box Office hours of 12:30 to 5:30 p.m. Info: lackawanna.edu/communityconcerts.
Morgan James' Reckless Abandon Tour concert, 8 p.m. March 31 at Lackawanna College. The final show of the Community Concerts at Lackawanna College's 89th season. Cost: $28-34. Tickets: ticketfly.com, 570-955-1455 or between 12:30 and 5:30 p.m. through the Box Office, located at Lackawanna College in Angeli Hall, 501 Vine St. Info: lackawanna.edu/communityconcerts.
LITERARY ARTS
Afternoon Book Club, 2 to 3 p.m. Feb. 15 at the Abington Community Library. Selection: “Caleb's Crossing” by Geraldine Brooks.
Writers' Group, 7-8:30 p.m. every Thursday (ongoing) at the Dietrich Theater, Tunkhannock. All genres and levels of writing are welcome. For ages 18 and up. Cost: free. Info: 570-833-5246.
Warrior Writers, 7 to 9 p.m. second Fridays at the Dietrich Theater in Tunkhannock. These writing workshops support artistic exploration and expression and provide a safe space to share experiences in the military culture. Open to all veterans and service members. Cost: Free. Info/register: call 570-996-1500.
ARTS, CRAFTS AND MORE
All Crafting Day, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Feb. 18 at the Abington Community Library. Do you knit, bead, make rugs, hand stitch or do any kind of handcraft? Come to share ideas, show off your work and get another crafter's eye and perception. Bring a project you're working on, or come just to be inspired. All levels of experience welcome.
Quilting group, 6 to 8 p.m. Feb. 23 at the Abington Community Library. Bring your project or work on one of theirs.
Good Grief Art: Learn to Paint Through Your Loss, 1 to 2:30 p.m. Wednesdays, beginning March 1 at the Abington Senior Community Center, 1151 Winola Road, Clarks Summit. 10 weeks of art lessons and healing for beginners who have lost a loved one, pet or other loss. Instructed by professional artist Marylou Chibirka. Registration required. Cost: free. Info/register: 570-586-8996.
http://theabingtonjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_ABJ-Calendars-2.jpg
Reach the Abington Journal newsroom at 570-587-1148 or news@theabingtonjournal.com.
Reach the Abington Journal newsroom at 570-587-1148 or news@theabingtonjournal.com.
New Delhi, 02 July 2018: In what can be called as a proud moment for the Indian medical fraternity, Padma Shri Awardee, Dr K K Aggarwal, the President of HCFI, has been accorded a mention by The Economic Times in a publication titled Inspiring Cardiologists of India. Apart from describing their multifarious achievements, the publication has given them the moniker ‘Doctor with a stethoscope'.
Dr Aggarwal was also acknowledged for their contribution to medicine by the Delhi Medical Association on Doctor's Day which falls on 1st July every year. Apart from being a renowned cardiologist, Dr Aggarwal was instrumental in the genesis of The Sameer Malik Heart Care Foundation Fund. They also started a Grievance Cell at HCFI to address public concerns on heart health.
Speaking about this, Dr Aggarwal, who is also the Vice President of CMAAO, said, “I am thankful to both ET and DMA for having bestowed this recognition to me. I truly consider this as another opportunity to move forward in my pursuit for working towards developing sustainable modules for affordable health care in the country, which is an urgent need of the hour. For me, the fact that we prefix ‘Dr' before our names and being given the nickname of ‘Doctor with a stethoscope' is a sign that I am different. Doctor's Day and these recognitions point to only one purpose – that of working on the principles of beneficence and non-maleficence. Apart from this, it is also a sound reminder that we shall always be available to take care of people's sufferings. We doctors are eternally committed to this.”
Among their major achievements include successfully training 105,293 members of the public in Hands-only CPR 10. For this feat, Dr Aggarwal found a place in the Limca Book of World Records in three distinct categories.
Adding further, Dr Aggarwal, said, “A trained qualified medical doctor who has their understanding based on the mind, body and soul has nearly similar characteristics to that of God. They overcome miseries as soon as they touch the patient, gives immediate relief which starts at the time they give a healing touch to the patient. A person who has achieved sainthood, who sees the same consciousness in everybody, treats individuals without caste, creed and religion and who overcome miseries of people irrespective of their age, status or paying capacity is God. Doctors fulfil these criteria as they have a duty to heal the sick irrespective of their caste, creed, race or financial status.”
Even the MCI Code of Ethics has said, “The prime object of the medical profession is to render service to humanity; reward or financial gain is a subordinate consideration (1.1.2).” The MCI Declaration, which a doctor is required to sign at the time of registration, also says “I will not permit considerations of religion, nationality, race, party politics or social standing to intervene between my duty and my patient (d).” Today with evidence-based medicine being the norm, mental and spiritual health has taken a backseat. This may be one reason why doctors are losing the status of God, which they were accorded since Vedic times. However, we should remember that doctors are messengers of God to remove miseries of the sick individuals and so should always act in the best interests of the patient.
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Believe it or not; on the final night of the General Assembly session last week; the overwhelming majority of State Representatives voted to reduce the security at the State Capitol Complex in Hartford.
Three years ago, airport type personal screening security was added to all public entrances of the State Capitol Complex. It has been in place for decades at the State's court houses.
But with just nine minutes left in the General Assembly Session last Wednesday night, the House voted 106 to 44 to remove it.
It was supported by all of the Republicans and about half of the Democrats. With minutes left in the session, the bill was sent to the Senate where Democratic Leader Martin Looney decided not to put it on the agenda because there wasn't enough time to discuss such an important issue.
“I talked to Senator Looney,” said Senate Republican Leader Len Fasano (R-North Haven), “we felt we should read it and talk to our caucus. We had less than ten minutes so we couldn't move on the bill.”
Related Content: Connecticut lawmakers react to Virginia shooting
Democratic New Haven Senator Gary Winfield has been involved with many high profile controversial issues, “I never advocated for the security that we have but I think it makes people feel safer.”
Here's what House Republican leader Themis Klarides (R-Derby) said when asked the next day about them about voting to remove the security. “We don't like them, Mark. We don't think that they necessarily make the people in this building safer.”
The Governor, who has been threatened more than once, has a full time security detail. They said today the vote was a mistake, “I think we need security, we live in a society where that's highly appropriate so that was not ever my idea and not something I ascribe to.”
Klarides also said, “A lot of people don't like them, they don't feel that they're helping us and, you know, we go back to; it's the people's building.” Winfield added, “The reality is this; we walk outside that building, we live in neighborhoods, that information is available to the public and if people really want to get to us they they can get to us there.”
Related Content: Suspect dead after opening fire at Congressional baseball practice
Governor Malloy also said today that today's shooting in Alexandria is another reason why “we need saner gun laws in America.”
Mars Food is set to acquire Preferred Brands International, the makers of ready-to-heat Indian and Asian products sold under the Tasty Bite brand.
Although Preferred Brands operates primarily in North America, it also manufactures products sold to retailers in the UK and Australia – as well as via foodservice in India.
The move was motivated by the growing popularity of healthy convenience products. It also complements Mars' existing portfolio of ready-to-eat brands including Dolmio and Uncle Ben's.
Mars said that the deal will expand it's all-natural vegetarian offerings in the US. It will also leverage Tasty Bite's product development pipeline and strategic ingredients sourcing.
Tasty Bite manufactures products out of its Pune, India manufacturing facility and exports the majority of its products to the US.
(The Conversation is an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts.)
Michael Carolan, Colorado State University
(THE CONVERSATION) Name all the billion-dollar crops grown in the U.S. Midwest. The answer: Corn, soybeans and cranberries. Wait, what?
Roughly 60 percent of the U.S. cranberry crop is produced in Wisconsin, generating close to US$1 billion in revenue and 4,000 jobs. Other top-producing states include Massachusetts, New Jersey, Oregon and Washington. Overall, cranberries are almost exclusively North American. Roughly 85 percent are grown in the United States and Canada, with the rest scattered across Chile, Western Europe and a few former Soviet republics.
But although many Americans see cranberries as a staple for Thanksgiving and Christmas, we associate them mainly with the winter holidays – unlike, say, mashed potatoes and gravy. That's a problem for the cranberry business, which faces an uncertain future as supply wildly outstrips demand. The industry is working to boost demand for cranberry products at home and expand new export markets in Asia and Latin America.
I have spent close to 20 years studying farmers, food executives, eaters, tastemakers, activists and politicians, attempting to better understand, among other things, how niche, novel and/or foreign foods become commonplace over time. Many of these lessons are explained in my recent book “No One Eats Alone: Food as a Social Enterprise.” The history of food is full of tales where supply initially preceded demand, proving that necessity isn't always the mother of invention. Sometimes it works the other way.
In agriculture, short-term profits have a way of blinding players to the long game. When crop prices rise, farmers expand production, creating surpluses that push prices back down again. Cranberries are a case in point.
Adjusting for inflation, cranberry prices increased at a steady 6.3 percent for almost 25 years prior to the mid-1990s. In 1996 cranberries hit $65 a barrel, which led to record crops and oversupply in ensuing years. By 1999 cranberry farmers were getting a paltry $17.20 per barrel.
Reeling, the industry needed a savor. It came in the form of a dried-up sugary snack: Craisins, created by the Ocean Spray co-op, which controls 65 percent of the U.S. cranberry industry. Competitors were quick to jump on board with their own versions, more blandly branded as “dried cranberries.” Prices rose to record levels, and farms once again expanded production. By 2008 Ocean Spray was reportedly paying growers $70 per barrel.
Craisins boosted profits by generating demand, but leftover cranberry juice concentrate sat orphaned in storage thanks to flat cranberry juice sales. By 2015 cranberry prices had fallen to $8 per barrel. It takes a price of $30 to $34 for farmers to break even.
Unlike most Midwest crops, cranberries are perennials. Once planted, a bog can produce indefinitely. Some are over 100 years old. But this also means that cranberry farmers cannot simply convert bogs to soybeans or corn in years with low cranberry prices. As one former cranberry grower from Carver, Massachusetts put it, the land “generally isn't good for anything else.” They covered their four acres of cranberry bogs with solar arrays and now produces a megawatt of power.
Ocean Spray execs are hoping for another miracle, this time from a group of organic compounds called proanthocyanidins. Those are the powerful antioxidants that, among other things, make cranberry juice so effective at treating urinary tract infections. The company is adding proanthocyanidins into low-calorie juices. It is also energetically marketing cranberries worldwide, including in countries that don't even have a word for “cranberry.”
How can such a distinctively American, holiday-tied product make a break for the mainstream? Consider the story of the once-lowly soybean.
Until the 1970s, most Americans viewed soybeans as a nonfood item. The stigma was so strong that soybean oil had to be labeled vegetable oil because no one would buy it otherwise.
“It was viewed as what cows ate, not [as] people food,” an American Soybean Association representative recently told me. Today the U.S. edible soybean industry, having rebranded its product as “edamame,” is approaching $5 billion in annual revenues, up from $1 billion just 20 years ago.
Soybeans got their big break in 1971 when they were added to the list of commodities supported by the National School Lunch Program. A humble start as a meat extender accustomed a generation of Americans to the idea that soybeans could feed more than livestock.
I call this the bridging pathway, and have seen it work successfully for dozens of foods, including tofu hot dogs, edamame chips, soy burgers and cricket gumbo. The key is to incorporate new foods into existing meal patterns and dietary behaviors, rather than than trying to displace century-old practices and recipes overnight.
Bridges usually lead to somewhere, so this pathway implies a long game. First you get people used to the idea of eating food by using it to extend another, more acceptable food. Then you get them to eat it straight. As my American Soybean Association contact explained to me, “Now it's about making it normal, even cool, to eat edamame,” by getting cooked edamame into schools and into the hands and mouths of trend makers, including teen social media personalities and vloggers.
Eating cranberries straight might not be on the immediate horizon. If you've ever tried a fresh one, you'll know why: Pucker-tart! Now, however, they are associated almost exclusively with winter holiday dinners. There are 11 other months and two other meals in every day when we could be eating them.
Taking a lesson from soybeans, the cranberry industry might pursue the angle of meat filler – though I'm sure the marketing wizards that came up with “Craisins” could find a better term. As I can attest from growing up in rural Iowa, there is a powerful imperative in some parts of the United States to serve meat at every meal, or at least something that looks like meat. I have heard chefs praise cranberries' properties as a meat extender: They add a deep red color, sweet-sour zing and moisture to burgers.
If the cranberry lobby can get their product into the National School Lunch Program as a meat extender, cranberries might satisfy not only USDA “meat/meat alternative” dietary requirements – they could also represent a serving of fruit, or more. Keep in mind that pizza with two tablespoons of tomato paste qualifies as a vegetable in the eyes of Congress. Proanthocyanidins, anyone?
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article here: http://theconversation.com/can-cranberries-conquer-the-world-a-us-industry-depends-on-it-87912.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Service members with Norwegian Home Guard arrive at Camp Ripley, Minnesota, to begin the 44th United States/Norway Reciprocal Troop Exchange on Feb. 10, 2017. The Norwegian service members will work with Minnesota National Guard service members to learn how the U.S. Army and Air Force train and about American culture. (Photo by Sgt. Sebastian Nemec, Minnesota National Guard Public Affairs)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.10.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 21:03 Photo ID: 3165514 VIRIN: 170210-Z-OX391-026 Resolution: 4800x3200 Size: 2.97 MB Location: MN, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, U.S.-Norway reciprocal Troop Exchange 2017 [Image 1 of 18], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
If you like to gamble online and often want to try new games, you might make sure to play Capsa Arrange online.
But if you have not done much research, you may not be entirely sure what Capsa Stack is online, or whether you should go ahead and play it.
What is Capsa Stacking online? – Capsa Arrange is no more complex than the name used in Malaysia and Indonesia for Chinese poker.
The law of the game is slightly different from the poker game you may know, but as you learn it, you really can win big.
Look for pages that tell you all about the ins and outs of Capsa Stack online, and start playing to receive the exercise.
Where to play Capsa Stack online – There are a number of really nice Malaysian and Indonesian pages that you can fight for with Capsa Stack games, you just need to find the most reputable.
This can be done with a quick visit to the online chat room where other Capsa Susun Online players hang out, and with requests for help from them all over.
Be sure to listen to what they say to you about a good repute page, and you should have no problem avoiding unreputable ones.
How does the system win on Capsa Stack online? – There are some really nice Malaysian and Indonesian pages that give you tips on winning systems on Capsa Stack.
These web-pages are often only available in Malay but, if you place the page via an alias program like Google Translate, you can actually find out what they are trying to say to you.
Take a look at some of the pages that have been recommended to you, before you sign up, visit one of the pages that provide tips on playing and winning systems on Capsa Arrange online. Reading these pages for just a few minutes should at least start you, and give you more profit than other budding players.
How much can you win on Capsa Arrange? – Just like any other online casino game, it depends on how much you bet and how often you play.
Determine how much you will bet on Capsa Arrange for next week, and then decide how much you will bet on each hand. After you have these two numbers solved, you can start playing.
As long as you are consistent on both of these amounts, and do not rush on bets more than you plan on just because you're either winning or winning, you'll have a fixed amount of money to bet for a week.
The main thing to remember is, when you start to lose and you can not find a winning system, stop playing for the day and try your luck again one day after today.
Any Malaysian or Indonesian player who does not lose a lot of money while playing Capsa Stacking online will tell you the exact same thing.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're still groggy from a New Year's Eve pub crawl, we've got the perfect activity for you.
Put the knowledge gained traipsing round after the next pint to the test in our Cambridge pubs quiz.
We've blurred out the signs on pictures on 10 pubs in the city. All you have to do is match the picture to the correct pub name.
Quiz: can you name these Cambridge schools?
Try it yourself and see how good your pub knowledge is:
If you've aced the pubs test, why not try some of the other local knowledge quizzes we've put together? All those reviews of 2016 are getting just a little bit depressing...
Voice controlled lighting sets the mood in this Baltimore bachelor pad. The owner issues simple verbal orders to nearly 167 lights, including 30 color-changing Philips Hue light bulbs to accentuate the home's modern design and create an atmosphere that's bathed in beautiful lighting. This mood lighting can even be engaged prior to the owner's arrival with a guest. From a smartphone app, a Home command can be launched which sets the lights in the garage to a blue color and the kitchen fixtures to a teal green.
Other button presses and voice commands set the lights to accentuate pieces of artwork, prep the home theater for a movie presentation, and showcase a rack of A/V and home control equipment.
Design and installation by Gramophone
Read more about this project
Admired by Patrick O'Rahilly and their then fiancée Cathy as they passed by on their way to play golf, this 8-bedroom house would eventually become the honeymooners' dream house, but not before they remodeled it from top to bottom. Redone in rich wood and lush fabrics, the home exudes a warm and welcoming aura, along with a touch of sex appeal. The home's newly installed Savant automation system enhances the romantic ambiance by keeping the lights a dim, eye-pleasing level. The master bedroom, in particular, makes hearts swoon with a remote controllable gas fireplace, 4K video, and surround sound.
Design and installation by MediaTech Intelligent Systems, www.mediatechliving.com
Read more about this project
A nice glass of wine with someone you love is a a recipe for romance. Rather than travel to the best restaurant in town for a date of this caliber, the owners of this Sarasota home simply stroll to their own automated and elegantly appointed wine cellar. Incorporated is a network of security, lighting, and temperature control features. To open the wine cellar doors the homeowners enter a password into a special home control app on their smartphones. This same app from Elan (which also is the manufacturer of the home's automation system) will notify the homeowners if the temperature inside the cellar strays outside a predefined range.
Design and installation by SmartHouse Integration, www.smarthouseintegration.com
Read more about this project
Craving privacy without the hassle of closing a dozen or more window shades by hand, the owners of this elegant beachfront property enlisted the help of a Lutron HomeWorks QS lighting system. Professionally installed and configured, the system closes all of the west-facing motorized window shades 25 percent every 30 minutes starting 90 minutes before sunset. At the same time the lights gradually ramp up, creating the perfect atmosphere for cuddling by the fire.
Design and installation by Electronic Lifestyle Associates
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EPdke6Wk8E&feature=youtu.be
If there's one thing that will please any lady on Valentine's Day, it's a trip to the spa. The owners of this Chicago home have created their own idyllic space, in the form of a Japanese garden that extends off the back side of their modern 26,000-square-foot mansion. A Crestron-powered whole-house music system delivers tunes to a James Loudspeaker speaker; the owners can choose the song and adjust the volume—as well as control the lighting—from a Crestron app on their tablet or smartphone.
Design and installation by Sound Specialists
Read more about this project
Gazing at the stars is pastime of lovers throughout the centuries, and the owners of this Albuquerque home enjoy a phenomenal display right off their deck. A Lutron lighting system ensures that the interior and exterior lighting conditions are perfect for the clearest, brightest view of the night sky. Right from a mobile app on a tablet while seated on a deck chair they can arrange lights—instant ambiance.
Design and installation by ListenUp
Read more about this project
This vacation residence in the Big Apple greets its owners with elegant lighting, music, the perfect temperature and a spectacular view of the city. As they travel to the three-story penthouse, they simply tap an Entertain button on their smartphone, and the Savant home control system that was installed as the residence was being renovated handles the preparations. The setting is breathtakingly romantic the second they step inside.
Design and installation by Rich AV Design
Read more about this project
CLOSE After Dick's Sporting Goods and Walmart denied a 20-year-old a rifle, the young man is now suing the companies. Buzz60
Buy Photo Beth Parsons, owner of Shooter's Choice in Dover, said a decision to end sales of weapons such as the AR-15 at Dick's Sporting Goods isn't one they support for their own store. (Photo: Jason Minto, The News Journal)Buy Photo
Don't count out Dick's Sporting Goods quite yet. Despite controversy over new gun policies, the company reported an increase in sales in the first quarter of 2018, and plans to open 19 new stores this year.
Dick's Sporting Goods earned the ire of gun advocates after the deadly school shooting in Parkland, Florida in February when it announced it would stop selling assault-style weapons, and would restrict gun and magazine sales to those younger than 21.
The company said in a news release that eCommerce sales increased 24 percent during the first quarter, and that net sales increased 4.6 percent to about $1.91 billion.
However, despite the company's upbeat tone, the news wasn't all rosy. It said consolidated same-store sales decreased 2.5 percent, when adjusting for an extra week in 2017. (Dick's opened eight new stores in the first quarter, which affects the numbers). Fourth quarter earnings in 2017 showed the same downward trend.
The company expects consolidated same store sales to be flat for the year, or experience a "low single-digit decline." In 2017, those sales declined 0.3 percent.
Dick's also noted that sales slowed down in electronics and hunting categories, which may indicate the chain is, in fact, feeling the effects of gun owners' displeasure.
In 2017, USA Today reported, CEO Edward Stack told analysts, "There has been some negative pushback on this and some of those customers that buy firearms buy other things also. We've had some pushback ... we try to have that in our (2018 financial) guidance — that there's going to be people who just don't shop us anymore for anything."
In Delaware, the company has two stores in New Castle County and one in Dover.
As of May 5, the company said, it operated 724 Dicks Sporting Goods stores in 47 states, with about 38.4 million square feet. It also operates 94 Golf Galaxy stores and 35 Field & Stream stores.
USA Today contributed to this report.
GUN CONTROL IN DELAWARE:
Local sellers won't follow Dick's Sporting Goods in 'assault rifle' ban
The debate over gun control in Delaware: Walkouts, rallies, and new laws
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/money/2018/05/30/dicks-sporting-goods-first-quarter-earnings/655213002/
Britain's Chris Froome celebrates on the podium in Madrid after winning last year's Spanish Vuelta.
Britain's Chris Froome celebrates on the podium in Madrid after winning last year's Spanish Vuelta. Francisco Seco
TEAM Sky has named Britain's Chris Froome in their team for the Giro d'Italia, which starts next month, despite the ongoing investigation into their adverse doping test.
Briton Froome, 32, is fighting to clear their name after an increased dosage of asthma medication at the Vuelta a Espana last year threw up an adverse analytical finding from a urine sample.
The four-time Tour de France winner's sample showed double the allowed limit of Salbutamol.
They have denied any wrongdoing and is free to race because they are not suspended.
Froome, who has not ridden in the Giro since 2010 and has never won it, will be aiming to become the first rider to complete the Giro-Tour double for 20 years.
Italian Marco Pantani was the last man to achieve the feat, in 1998.
The three-week 3546.2km Giro begins in Jerusalem on May 4.
The Tour de France starts two months later.
- Reuters
Rome, July 4 - Interior Minister Matteo Salvini on Wednesday expelled three suspected Islamist extremists from Italy saying "zero tolerance for those who want to bring war into our homes". Deputy Premier Salvini, leader of the anti-migrant League party, has vowed to crack down hard on Islamist extremism.
Single carriage ejector rack is a carriage system, which enables the racks to store bombs, missiles, and weapons on it. This carriage have multi-purpose rack assembly capability, which can carry both air-to-ground bombs and air-to-air missiles. This multi-purpose rack can be placed within a bomb bay, under the aircraft wing, on a carriage adapter or other typical weapon carriage platform. This single carriage ejector rack has multiple racks, and large space, which provides facility of placing large bombs and missiles in it.
Get Sample Copy of this Report @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/insight/request-sample/1865
Increasing territorial disputes and rising concerns for countermeasures against terrorist activities is expected to drive the market growth
Rising territorial disputes and terrorist attacks in countries such as Russia and Ukraine for Crimea; China and Japan for the uninhabited islands in the East China Sea; India and Pakistan for Jammu & Kashmir, Israel and Palestine for the Gaza Strip, Golan Heights, and West Bank is a major factor for increasing demand for these racks. Several other regional disputes, which inadvertently are effecting the security of the nation is expected to aid in growth of the market. For instance, according to the ourworlddata.org analysis, in 2013, total number of terrorist related incident occurred was 11,996 and it increased to 16,860 in 2014, globally. Additionally, according to the U.S. Department of State, in India the total number of terrorist attack occurred in 2014 were 764 and it has increased to 791 in 2015. Therefore, increasing territorial disputes, which further increases use of weapons in order to protect the nation's security from the terrorist attacks is expected to aid in growth of the market.
Moreover, increasing government regulation to monitor international borders and safeguard people against terrorist activities is another factor driving growth of single carriage ejector racks market. For instance, The USA Patriot Act is an antiterrorism law enacted by the U.S. Congress in October 2001, to improve the ability of U.S. law enforcement to detect and deter terrorism. This act allows law enforcement to use surveillance and wiretapping to investigate terror-related crimes and providing aid to terrorism victims and public safety officers involved in investigating or preventing terrorism or responding to terrorist attacks. Therefore, increasing government initiative towards protecting the nation from the terrorist attack will positively encourage the market player to purchase these systems for aircraft, which provides facility of carrying large bombs and missiles during fight. This will in turn help in propelling growth of the market.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.coherentmarketinsights.com/ongoing-insight/single-carriage-ejector-racks-market-1865
High initial investment is one of the major factors restraining growth of single carriage ejector rack market
Factors negatively affecting growth of the market is high cost of investment for manufacturing of these racks. The components used in single carriage ejectors are very costly, which further increase the overall cost of the system. Hence, this factor restricts growth of global market.
Global Single Carriage Ejector Racks Market: Regional Insights
North America accounted for the largest share in the global single carriage ejector rack market in 2017 and expected to retain its dominance during forecasted period from 2018 to 2026. This growth is attributed to presence of leading players such as Cobham Plc., Harris Corporation, and AVIC Corporation among other, in the regional market. Furthermore, companies in the region are focusing on advancement in the existing products, which in turn will support growth of the market. For instance, November 2017, Harris launched the BRU-47 and BRU-57 for KF-X fighter jet model. The BRU-47 single store carrier, known for its reliability and ease of maintenance, also reduces the time needed for loading stores as this system is incorporated with sway-brace technology, which further provides significant benefits such as shorter store loading times and reduces maintenance. Hence, this factor will help in propelling growth of the global single carriage ejector racks market in this particular region.
Global Single Carriage Ejector Racks Market: Competitive Landscape
Major players operating in the global single carriage ejector racks market are Cobham Plc., Harris Corporation, AVIC (Aviation Industry Corporation), Raytheon, Moog, Inc., Ultra Electronics, Circor Aerospace& Defence,Marotta Controls, AEREA s.p.a.,
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–Ohio-Purdue Box
OHIO 77, PURDUE 71
OHIO (5-3)
Jessing 0-0 0-0 0, Agler 2-6 1-4 6, Barker 3-3 0-0 7, Burke 5-12 4-7 17, Doseck 2-6 5-6 10, Burris 4-6 0-0 10, Stover 4-9 2-2 12, Thome 0-0 0-0 0, Hooks 6-14 3-6 15, Totals 26-56 15-25 77.
PURDUE (6-5)
Farquhar 1-2 2-2 4, Harris 4-5 1-2 9, Cooper 6-12 5-7 18, Keys 6-10 7-7 20, Oden 5-14 4-4 17, Kiesler 0-0 0-0 0, McLaughlin 1-4 0-0 3, Murphy 0-2 0-0 0, Totals 23-49 19-22 71.
Ohio 21 15 20 21 —77 Purdue 23 14 15 19 —71
3-Point Goals_Ohio 10-16 (Agler 1-2, Barker 1-1, Burke 3-4, Doseck 1-3, Burris 2-2, Stover 2-4), Purdue 6-14 (Cooper 1-2, Keys 1-2, Oden 3-6, McLaughlin 1-3, Murphy 0-1). Assists_Ohio 12 (Agler 4), Purdue 17 (Keys 5). Fouled Out_Ohio Burris, Purdue Harris. Rebounds_Ohio 22 (Hooks 7), Purdue 39 (Farquhar 10). Total Fouls_Ohio 23, Purdue 20. A_5,654.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Scroll for more content...
Hundreds of people defied a Turkish government ban to take part in a Pride Parade in Istanbul on Sunday before being dispersed by police.
Campaigners from the gay and transgender communities gathered in the city center, brandishing rainbow flags, singing, dancing and giving speeches for around 40 minutes before police cleared the area.
There were reports of tear gas being used on some marchers, according to Amnesty Turkey. The human-rights group added that several people were detained at the event.
Organizers of this year's parade said the event was banned by Turkish authorities. CNN contacted Istanbul's Governor's Office, which did not have a statement regarding the march.
It's the fourth year in a row that the Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Intersex (LGBTI) march is believed to have been banned. In comparison to previous years when campaigners were not allowed to gather, on Sunday they were able to march, raise flags and dance.
The last time the pride parade was officially allowed, in 2014, an estimated 90,000 people marched through the city center, according to Amnesty International.
The vast crowd was in stark contrast to the following year when the march was banned for the first time, seen by some as the beginning of a recent crackdown on civil liberties in Turkey.
Just a few hundred people took part in the 2015 march, which authorities banned because it coincided with the holy Muslim month of Ramadan, and there were concerns surrounding threats from ultranationalist Islamist groups.
Similarly, parades in 2016 and 2017 were also banned for these reasons.
Organizers had hoped this year's event -- which was held after Ramadan -- would be allowed. Ramadan or not, Turkish authorities still refused to allow the march.
Although homosexuality has been legal in Turkey since 1923, the country has one of the worst records of human-rights violations against LGBTI+ people in Europe, and Turkey's LGBTI+ community has been increasingly vocal about violence against its members.
Make: friend, global Queen of Shi**y robots, and techno-comedian, Simone Giertz, had surgery this AM to remove a benign tumor behind one of their eyes. As a gesture of solidarity, Becky Stern (with their friend Leslie Birch) created an actuated hat with a 3D printed scissors snake, driven by a servomotor and a small microcontroller. Mounted on a flouncy Derby hat, when triggered, the scissors mechanism “ejects” the tumor (a plastic wiffle golf ball) from their head.
What a sweet and touching gesture. Since Simone has announced their condition and their pending surgery, they have received a giant outpouring of love and support. We all wish them a speedy recovery and many more useless machines in their future. Simone, you got this!
If you haven't seen Simone's TED talk, on why you should make useless things, it's pretty entertaining:
—VOA News
The horrifying murder of a Muslim man in Rajasthan has exposed the religious intolerance growing in India also increased sense of insecurity among Muslims of India. Now the Indian Muslims are seeking way to protect themselves from Hindu extremists.
Hindus fanatic organizations are lauding the act of the Hindu killer, Shambhu Lal. Shambhu Lal, who hacked 45-year-old Mohammad Afrajul to death, set their body on fire, and got their 13-year-old nephew to record the entire sequence on video.
Two days after the police lifted the block on social media in Rajasamand, multiple posts by Hindu extremist organizations are backing the Shambhu Lal. One such group, called Jhala Maan Singh, which reportedly operates from a town called Badri Sadri, around 100 km from Rajsamand. Another is called “Swach Rajsamand Swach Bharat”. Its administrator, Prem Mali, allegedly a BJP worker, was unavailable for comment.
A WhatsApp group, called called “Times Of Chittorgarh” has started to arrange financial support for Shambhu Lal's family. It has posted online the details of the bank account belonging to Sambhu Lal's wife Sita, so people wishing to help them can make a donation.
Muslims of the area demanded to police to proceed the matter on fast track basis. They are of the view that after this incident, there is fear and Hindu majority population show their sympathy with the Hindu killer. We want the administration to act. Our children are scared to go out of the house,” said MA Khan, the chief of the Muslim panchayat in Rajasamand town.
The last three main Derbyshire routes closed due to snow have reopened after a day of clearance work.
Now open and passable with care are the A6024 Holme Moss, the A57 Snake Pass and Monks Road, Chunal to Charlesworth.
A Derbyshire County Council spokesperson said at 4.45pm: "Please take care if using the routes as roadside snow could still blow on to the carriageway.
"Our farmer contractors are working to dig out isolated villages and hamlets which are still blocked by snow drifts.
"We gritted all secondary routes across the county earlier this afternoon and are now doing a full treatment of the primary network.
"No further snow is forecast.
"However, the Met Office has issued a yellow weather warning for overnight ice on road surfaces as thawing snow runs across the carriageway as water.
"Motorists are advised to take extra care, even on treated surfaces."
READ MORE: ICE ALERT: Meteorologists warn of increased risk of accidents
Have your say
Restaurant chain Nando's is giving away free chicken to A-level students across the East Midlands this week.
To claim your free chicken, simply turn up to any Nando's restaurant with your A-level results papers and a form of ID on the day.
You'll need to then show this to staff to claim your free food and spend over £7.
A spokesperson said: "Whether you're celebrating or commiserating, we're here to help with a free 1/4 Chicken or Fire-Starter on us.
All you need to do is visit us and show your results (don't worry, we won't tell anyone!), and remember to bring your ID."
The offer is only one for one day - August 17.
For more information click here
“I need a witness!” exclaimed the security screener at Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport. Because I had forgotten to remove my belt before going through a scanner, they explained, I must undergo an “enhanced patdown.” I told them that if they jammed their hand into my groin, I'd file a formal complaint. So they summoned their supervisor to keep an eye on the proceedings.
I thought of this exchange when the New York Times revealed that the Transportation Security Administration has created a secret watchlist for troublesome passengers. The TSA justified the list by saying that its screeners were assaulted 34 times last year, but did not release any details about the alleged assaults.
The TSA's official definition of troublemaking goes well beyond punching its officers. According to a confidential memo, any behavior that is “offensive and without legal justification” can land a traveler on the list, as can any “challenges to the safe and effective completion of screening.” Anyone who has ever “loitered” near a checkpoint could also make the list. So could any woman who pushes a screener's hands away from their breasts.
The memo would be more accurate if it stated that anyone who fails to unquestioningly submit to all the TSA's demands would be found guilty of insubordination.
As an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union, Hugh Handeyside, told the Washington Post, the policy gives the agency wide latitude to “blacklist people arbitrarily and essentially punish them for asserting their rights.” Rep. Bonnie Watson Coleman (D-N.J.) expressed similar worry. “I am concerned about the civil-liberty implications of such a list,” they said.
The watchlist would seem less perilous if the TSA were not one of most incompetent agencies on Earth. After a series of undercover tests at multiple airports across the country, the Department of Homeland Security concluded last year that TSA officers and equipment had failed to detect mock threats roughly 80 percent of the time. An earlier DHS investigation found the TSA utterly unable to detect weapons, fake explosives and other contraband, regardless of how extensive its pat-downs were.
According to the TSA, travelers can take consolation in the certainty that its agents will never assault them. But Americans have filed thousands of complaints that suggest otherwise, claiming screeners used excessive force or inappropriately touched them. How many have been fired as a result? It's hard to say: When I asked the TSA, they told me to file Freedom of Information Act request.
One ongoing court case is show-casing the TSA's prerogatives. Airplane captain James Linlor was traveling through Dulles Airport in 2016 when they suffered a brutal patdown that left them requiring surgery. A TSA video shows that the patdown was proceeding normally, if somewhat aggressively, until the TSA agent, without warning, administered what appeared to be a karate chop to the captain's testicles.
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Linlor sued, claiming that the TSA violated their rights with an unconstitutional and unreasonable search. In a hearing last year, a lawyer for the Department of Justice argued that there's no law “establishing a specific degree of permissible intrusiveness of a security screening pat down,” and that, since there's no law, Americans should have no legal recourse. Federal Judge James Cacheris scoffed at the government's “oratorical calisthenics.” The case is before an appeals court.
The TSA has a long history of intimidation. In 2002, it created a system of fines to penalize travelers with bad attitudes, charging up to $1,500 for any alleged “nonphysical interference.” This included any “situation that in any way would interfere with the screener and their or their ability to continue to work or interfere with their ability to do their jobs,” according to a spokesperson. The TSA failed to specify how much groveling was necessary and eventually abandoned the regime of fines.
If I have not yet made the TSA watchlist, it's not for a lack of trying. The agency's former chief, John Pistole, once claimed a 2014 article I wrote was “misleading, inaccurate and unfairly disparages the dedicated (TSA) workforce.” The following year, after I endured a patdown in Portland, Ore., that nearly turned my private parts into a pancake, I raised hell in USA Today.
I filed a complaint after the Reagan airport incident, in part because the TSA confiscated a cigar cutter - even though its website explicitly states that cigar cutters are permitted in carry-on luggage. Did TSA screeners fear I would break into the cockpit and circumcise the pilot?
The TSA's latest anti-privacy charade is yet more evidence that the agency should be done away with. After pointlessly groping countless Americans, the TSA has no excuse for groping more.
Jim Bovard is the author of numerous books, including “Attention Deficit Democracy” and “Lost Rights.”
EMBED >More News Videos The Chicago Cubs announced their starting lineup for National League Division Series Game One against the Washington Nationals Friday.
The Global Sleeping Bruxism Treatment Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of approximately 6.5% during the forecast period, 2017-2023.
Bruxism is a condition characterized by grinding, gnashing or clenching of teeth. There are two types of bruxism viz. awaake bruxism and sleep bruxism. Sleep bruxism is considered a sleep-related movement disorder. People who clench or grind their teeth (brux) during sleep are more likely to have other sleep disorders as well such as snoring or irregular breathing while asleep (sleep apnea). Mild bruxism may not require treatment. However, in some cases, bruxism can be frequent and severe enough to lead jaw disorders, headaches, damaged teeth, and other related problems. The major symptoms include teeth grinding or clenching, loud enough to cause abrupt sleeping; flattened, fractured, chipped, or loose teeth; worn tooth enamel exposing deeper layers of tooth, increased tooth pain or sensitivity; tired or tight jaw muscles or a locked jaw that won't open or close completely, and others. Risk factors include stress, age, and others. The sleeping bruxism treatment market growth is majorly attributed to the increasing prevalence of dental diseases and consequently growing dental procedures along with rising funding and healthcare insurance coverage.
According to the American Dental Association, in 2014, 52.3% of adults reported visiting the dentist every six months, 15.4% reported once per year, and 11.0% reported once every two to three years. According to the Pew Center in the U.S., in 2010, the Americans spend USD 106 billion on dental care. Moreover, according to the American Dental Association, in 2010, over 600 million dental procedures were performed which will continuously increase in coming future. On the other hand, expensive treatment may hamper the market growth during the forecast period.
Get Exclusive Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5422
Top Players in Sleeping Bruxism Treatment Market:
Some key the players in the global sleeping bruxism treatment market are Patterson Dental (U.S.), Henry Schein (U.S.), Dentsply Sirona (U.S.), 3M (U.S.), Straumann (Switzerland), Danaher Corporation (Switzerland), PLANMECA OY (Finland), Carestream Health, Inc. (U.S.), Biolase Inc (U.S.), KERR Corporation (U.S.), GC orthodontics (Germany), American Orthodontics (U.S.), Zimmer Holdings Inc. (U.S.), Ivoclar Vivadent AG (Liechtenstein), Gentle Dentistry, LLC (U.S.), and others
Market Segmentation of Sleeping Bruxism Treatment Market:
The sleeping bruxism treatment is segmented on the basis of diagnosis, treatment, and end-users.
On the basis of the diagnosis, the market is segmented into clinical examination, electromyographic methods, polysomnography, and others.
On the basis of the treatment, the market is segmented into dental approaches and medications. The dental approaches segment is further sub-segmented into splints and mouth guards, dental correction, and others. The medications segment is further sub-segmented into muscle relaxants, botox injections, medication for anxiety or stress, and others.
On the basis of the end-user, the market is segmented into hospitals & clinics, research centers, dental clinics, and others.
Regional Analysis of Sleeping Bruxism Treatment Market:
The global sleeping bruxism treatment market consists of countries namely the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East and Africa.
The Americas dominate the global sleeping bruxism treatment market owing to well-developed technology, increasing patient with dental problems, high healthcare spending, and increasing government support for research & development. Furthermore, increased R&D activities and the concentration of major companies in the region have fuelled the growth of the market in this region.
Europe holds the second position in the global sleeping bruxism treatment market owing to the government support for research & development and availability of funds for research. Moreover, this is expected to continue to drive the European market over the forecasted period. For instance, countries like Germany and France are increasing investment in the healthcare domain.
Asia Pacific is the fastest growing sleeping bruxism treatment market owing to the presence of rapidly developing healthcare technology, huge patient population, and high healthcare expenditure. Moreover, increasing demand for new treatment methods for dental diseases in countries like India and South Korea is likely to emerge as the fastest growing market across the globe. Furthermore, increasing demand for quality devices in the healthcare is projected to lead to the use of advanced equipment, which, in turn, will increase the market growth of sleeping bruxism treatment in the region.
On the other hand, in the Middle East and Africa, dental problems have become a huge problem due to limited screening, ignorance of diseases, and poor access to treatment.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/sleeping-bruxism-treatment-market-5422
Some of Major Table of Content for Sleeping Bruxism Treatment Market:
Chapter 1. Report Prologue
Chapter 2. Market Introduction
2.1 Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objective
2.2.2 Assumptions
2.2.3 Limitations
Chapter 3. Research Methodology
3.1 Introduction
3.2 Primary Research
3.3 Secondary Research
3.4 Market Size Estimation
Chapter 4. Market Dynamics
4.1 Drivers
4.2 Restrains
4.3 Opportunities
4.4 Challenges
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
4.6 Technology Trends & Assessment
4.5 Macroeconomic Indicators
TOC Continued….!
Get Discount @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5422
About US:
Market Research Future (MRFR), enable customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
Phone: +1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
The Chucho Valdés Trio performs at the Annenberg Center on April 13 as part of the venue's 3-week Cuba Festival.
America's political relationship with Cuba has long been complicated and uncertain, but the two countries have always enjoyed a rich and mutually beneficial cultural exchange. The breadth of the island's contemporary artistic output will be spotlighted in Philadelphia over the next three weeks as the Annenberg Center hosts its Cuba Festival, featuring performances by Cuban musicians and dancers, along with film screenings.
“Cuba's a really hot topic right now nationally and internationally,” says Christopher Gruits, the Annenberg's executive and artistic director. “We wanted to look at the arts in Cuba, with a particular focus on jazz and dance, because it's such an exciting area in terms of artistic output and one that a lot of American audiences aren't too familiar with.”
The festival kicks off this week with the Philadelphia debut of the award-winning contemporary dance company DanzAbierta, which will perform its evening-length work “Malson” on Thursday and Friday. It culminates April 13 with a concert by pianist Chucho Valdés, founder of the group Irakere, multiple Grammy winner, and an elder statesman of the Cuban jazz scene.
In between, the festival becomes a survey of the younger generation of artists emerging from the country in recent decades, demonstrating the wide-ranging scope of sounds that happen when Cuban musicians arrive on American shores.
One of the biggest success stories to come out of that convergence is percussionist Pedrito Martinez, whose concert this Saturday is already sold out. Martinez became a sensation over their decade-long residency at the Manhattan club Guantanamera, where regulars included Eric Clapton and Derek Trucks. He's since gone on to perform with notables from Wynton Marsalis to Bruce Springsteen while taking their infectious show on the road in front of enthusiastic crowds.
“When I was little, I was so curious about all kinds of music, but in Cuba it was illegal to listen to American music,” Martinez says. “I used to put my ear very close to the radio to listen to Lionel Richie, Stevie Wonder, Bruce Springsteen, and Paul Simon, and now I've played with most of them. It's a dream come true.”
A generation younger than Martinez, Alfredo Rodriguez is a conservatory-trained pianist mentored by Quincy Jones. Their music is more introspective than Martinez's crowd-pleasing vibe, reflective of their classical and jazz studies and the poignant messages of their compositions.
Rodriguez's latest album, the elegant and moving The Little Dream, was inspired by the Dreamers whose future is held in limbo by political arguments over the DACA program.
“I didn't suffer the same as they are suffering,” Rodriguez says. “It's brutal when kids are part of such strong political fights between countries. I'm an immigrant, and coming here to the United States is a topic that really touches my heart and inspires me to make music.”
Despite their differences in approach, what Martinez and Rodriguez share is an open-minded stylistic approach born of the clash of cultures they found in the States.
“The only music we play in Cuba is Cuban music,” Martinez says. “Here, you have different genres of music, especially in New York City. I've had the opportunity since I got here to see and learn and play Brazilian music, Argentinean music, jazz, hip-hop, R&B. I've been adding a lot of those elements to my music, which you cannot do in Cuba.”
Rodriguez echoes those sentiments, saying, “Cuba has been a country isolated for so many years. Since I came here to the United States, I've incorporated so many cultures into my music. On my previous album, I worked with musicians from Lebanon, India, France, Spain, Cameroon, Cuba, and the States. But Cuba is my roots, so my goal is always to share with the world where I'm coming from, but also share a global message.”
For those whose conception of Cuban music begins and ends with Buena Vista Social Club, the Annenberg's Cuba Festival offers an expansive overview in just a few deftly chosen concerts. From the traditional Afro-Cuban jazz of the septuagenarian Chucho Valdés to the soulful voice of twentysomething singer Daymé Arocena or the spectrum-spanning jazz directions taken by Martinez and Rodriguez, it's a vivid and eye-opening crash course built on surging rhythms and passionate artistry.
AT ANNENBERG Cuba Festival Tickets: $30 to $57. Information: 215-898-3900 or Performances March 22 through April 13 at the Annenberg Center, 3680 Walnut St.$30 to $57.215-898-3900 or AnnenbergCenter.org
More Coverage 7 days of things to do in Philadelphia from March 18 to 24
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Now Playing Heather Graham on What They Think Happened to Them Twin Peaks Character
In keeping with Twin Peaks' unique ability to both confound and delight fans, there's been an intense debate waging on between entertainment aficionados as to whether the third season-slash-first sequel, Twin Peaks: The Return, qualifies as another installment in what was originally a TV series or if it's a standalone (albeit 18-hour-long) film that's just been broken into pieces.
Creator David Lynch has openly suggested that they believe it's a film property and that they approached it as such when producing the new run. But things really got heated with the back-and-forth when certain film outlets started including Twin Peaks in Top 10 lists of the year's best movies.
Top 10 2017 des Cahiers du Cinémahttps://t.co/vfyhPBgu8I pic.twitter.com/CQjFLNrP0M — Cahiers du Cinéma (@cahierscinema) December 6, 2017
Some agreed the series easily qualifies as a film, despite being nine times the ordinary feature length.
#TwinPeaks is an 18 hour film presented episodically on TV. Write it in your diary, or send a cassette to Diane... but not the tulpa Diane. They redact things. pic.twitter.com/pWRRbemzaz — Dr. Hawk (@choppingwoodpod) December 8, 2017
best film of 2017 is @SHO_TwinPeaks episode 8 — J. Austin Wilson (@austin_wil) November 27, 2017
Others weren't so convinced that this medium selection is appropriate, given its origin and runtime.
#controversial
No, Twin Peaks S3 isn't a film. However, it is spectacularly cinematic by turns, & inventive/creative in a way that cinephiles wish more films were. Lumping it in with film might be a category error but it also encourages us to think about the medium's potential. — Diane (@DianePodcast) December 9, 2017
THREAD: 1. Believe me, I'm aware that David Lynch said he's making an 18-hour movie. But I got news for folks who don't write about TV regularly: every single person of any ambition who's ever worked in series TV says they're making "a long movie" or "a bunch of little movies." — MZS (@mattzollerseitz) December 5, 2017
The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has, however, unwittingly weighed in on the debate by nominating Twin Peaks' central star Kyle MacLachlan for the Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television.
MacLachland, however, seems to think their nomination may be based on a false premise, telling IndieWire that despite them being nominated in a TV category, they believe The Return is a film.
"I lean toward the film example only because it was written as one story. We were all encouraged not to refer to it as episodes, but as hours. There was never an act break or anything like that in any of the writing, so it was constructed to be an 18-hour film experience. In that way, I do think of it as more of a film," they explained.
"In watching it on a large screen, which we did at the premiere and also in Cannes, it was like watching a film," MacLachlan continued. "It wasn't like this was shot for a small screen and then blown up and the frame was inadequate. It was cinematic. So I think in that way, you can define it as a film, for sure."
MacLachlan isn't ungrateful, however — category designation disagreements notwithstanding.-- and shared that he'll be celebrating this honor in character with, you guessed it, a steaming cup o' joe.
MOSCOW (AP) — Russian President Vladimir Putin visited a Russian military air base in Syria on Monday and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the country.
Putin made a stopover at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while en route to Egypt.
The base, in the heartland of Syrian President Bashar Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
Speaking to the Russian troops at the base, Putin said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a “significant part” of the Russian contingent in Syria. They added in remarks carried by Russian news agencies that “if the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen.”
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Syrian state TV said that Ashar Assad met up with Putin at the air base in Syria earlier in the morning. The Russian military has said previously that they will maintain their presence at the Hemeimeem air base and the naval facility in Tartus.
The visit marks Putin's first trip to Syria and comes as Assad's forces have retaken control over most of Syria under the Russian air cover.
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria on Sept. 30 2015 when Assad's government was teetering on the brink of collapse and helped change the course of the conflict in its favor.
Putin's visit follows the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army under the Russian air cover routed the Islamic State in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the border with Iraq.
Seventeen schools in local counties will receive funds from the Lilly Endowment's Comprehensive Counseling Initiative.
The grants are for school corporations and charter schools to create models for career, college, academic, social and emotional counseling.
Schools in Elkhart, Kosciusko, Marshall, LaPorte, Lake and Noble Counties received nearly seven million dollars in grants.
In Elkhart County all seven public school corporations received the grant collaboratively. In a statement Elkhart Community Schools officials said they will be using the money to leverage community partnerships to better serve students across the county.
Elkhart County Schools said it is focusing specifically on college and career readiness with funding going to career exploration tools, after-school programs, college visits, internships, jobsite visits and professional development for staff.
Elkhart County
Baugo Community Schools $187,800
Concord Community Schools $533,400
Elkhart Community Schools $1,277,000
Fairfield Community Schools $211,075
Goshen Community Schools $654,753
Middlebury Community Schools $452,904
Wa-Nee Community Schools $298,644
Kosciusko County
Warsaw Community Schools $701,100
LaPorte County
LaPorte Community School Corporation $616,700 Michigan City Area Schools $555,800
Lake County
Hanover Community School Corporation $214,200
Lake Ridge New Tech Schools $188,300
School City of East Chicago $442,100
Marshall County
Triton School Corporation $91,103
Noble County
West Noble School Corporation $236,900
St. Joseph
County Career Academy (charter) $104,900
John Glenn School Corporation $188,500
Total $6,955,179
LOS ANGELES (AP) - Two climbers have set a speed record for ascending the famous Nose route of El Capitan in Yosemite National Park, one of the world's most technical and dangerous verticals.
Alex Honnold and their climbing partner Tommy Caldwell on Wednesday raced up the nearly 90-degree, 2,900-foot (884-meter) precipice in 2 hours 10 minutes 15 seconds.
The pair broke the previous record set last October by nearly 10 minutes.
Fellow climber Hans Florine, who once held the Nose record, watched Wednesday's attempt from below. They say Honnold and Caldwell were moving so fast they knew by the halfway point that they would set a record.
Park Ranger Scott Gedimen congratulated the pair, calling them world-class climbers who work tirelessly to advocate on behalf of Yosemite and all public lands.
WASHINGTON — Rep. Steve Scalise, a congressional staffer and members of the Capitol police force were shot Wednesday in Alexandria, Virginia, during Republicans' early-morning practice ahead of a charity baseball game.
President Donald Trump said the alleged gunman had been killed. Federal law enforcement officials identified the alleged shooter as James Hodgkinson, 66, of Belleville, Illinois.
At least five people including Scalise were hospitalized. Scalise, the third ranking member of House Republican leadership as the majority whip,
Scalise was in critical condition after surgery, according to So Young Pak, spokesperson for MedStar Washington Hospital Center. Scalise is out of their first surgery, according to a Scalise aide. It is not clear if they will have a second surgery. Their wife Jennifer and their two young children are traveling up from New Orleans to Washington now to be with him.
A congressional staffer, Zach Barth, was also injured. Matt Mika, a lobbyist for Tyson Foods who sometimes practices with the team, was also identified as one of the victims. As of Wednesday afternoon, Mika was in surgery and in critical condition, according to a statement from their family.
House Speaker Paul Ryan also identified two members of the Capitol Police who were injured, Krystal Griner and David Bailey.
As of Wednesday afternoon, Mika was in surgery and in critical condition, according to a statement from their family.
Lawmakers who were there described a chaotic scene, with many members of the congressional GOP baseball team huddled in a dugout while Capitol police who were part of Scalise's security detail and local Alexandria police engaged in a shoot-out with Hodgkinson. Congressional and law enforcement sources described it as a “deliberate attack.”
Later, House Republican and Democratic leaders called for unity and praised the police, while Trump in an address from the White House said that the prayers of the nation and world are with Scalise.
“Congressman Scalise is a friend, and a very good friend,” Trump said. “He's a patriot. And he's a fighter. They will recover from this assault — and Steve, I want you to know that you have the prayers not only of the entire city behind you, but of an entire nation, and frankly the entire world. America is praying for you and America is praying for all of the victims of this terrible shooting.”
Ryan condemned the shooting and praised the Capitol police on the House floor later Wednesday.
“We are united. We are united in our shock. We are united in our anguish. An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us,” Ryan said, drawing a bipartisan standing ovation.
Members practicing for traditional baseball game
Members of Congress were practicing for a game that was scheduled for Thursday night at Nationals Park. Rep. Martha McSally, R-Arizona, said the game will still go on as scheduled. The annual game has been played since 1909, and McSally said lawmakers applauded the announcement at an all-members meeting.
In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team's coaches, said one of their staff members, legislative correspondent Zack Barth, was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. Williams tweeted Barth was “receiving medical attention but is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery.”
The Capitol Police officers who were injured are “in good condition and have not suffered any life-threatening injuries at this point,” Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa said at a news conference.
Lawmakers describe a terrifying scene
Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they've practiced for years, when suddenly shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.
Members described Scalise dragging themselves roughly 15 yards away from second base, where they had been playing, and lying there until the shooter was neutralized, at which point some of them ran to assist them and apply pressure to the wound until they could be evacuated. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said they and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Scalise was coherent the whole time, Flake said.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul told CNN “it would have been a massacre” without the Capitol Hill Police officers present.
“Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police,” Paul said on CNN. “It would have been a massacre without them.”
“We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with,” Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks said.
Flake added that they saw a member of Scalise's security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.
“Fifty (shots) would be an understatement, I'm quite sure,” Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire.
Brooks said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn't say anything.
“The gun was a semiautomatic,” Brooks said, adding that they were sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind. “It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter.”
Shooter identified
Hodgkinson's Facebook page is largely political, their profile picture is a caricature of Bernie Sanders as Uncle Sam.
The Facebook feed is filled with anti-Trump sentiments such as “Trump is guilty and should go to prison for treason.”
They also “liked” a political cartoon that suggested Scalise should be fired. On March 22, they posted “Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It's Time to Destroy Trump & Co.”
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders said both in a statement and on the Senate floor that they had learned the shooter volunteered on their presidential campaign — and that they condemned the shooting “in the strongest possible terms.”
“I have just been informed that the alleged shooter at the Republican baseball practice is someone who apparently volunteered on my presidential campaign,” Sanders said.
“I am sickened by this despicable act. Let me be as clear as I can be. Violence of any kind is unacceptable in our society and I condemn this action in the strongest possible terms,” they said. “Real change can only come about through nonviolent action, and anything else runs against our most deeply held American values.”
Capitol Hill increases security, cancels events
The news of the shooting reverberated on Capitol Hill, where security was increased and regular proceedings were canceled or postponed.
They also said he'd seen an image of members of the Democratic congressional baseball team huddled in prayer after learning of the shooting.
“Every day we come here to test and to challenge each other. We feel so deeply about the things that we fight for and the things that we believe in. At times, our emotions can clearly get the best of us. We are all imperfect. But we do not shed our humanity when we enter this chamber. For all the noise and all the fury, we are one family,” Ryan said.
The House decided to not hold any votes on legislation Wednesday, and many hearings were delayed. The House Natural Resources Federal Lands Subcommittee also canceled a scheduled meeting to debate gun legislation.
Capitol Hill Police notified congressional offices that the security presence on the Hill would be increased “out of an abundance of caution.”
Members of Congress targeted in the past by violence
Scalise is the first member of Congress to be shot since former Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords in January 2011. Giffords was shot in the head by Jared Lee Loughner at a “Congress On Your Corner” event at a Tucson grocery store. Giffords, who authorities said was the main target of the shooting, survived the attack but six others were killed and an additional 12 were injured.
Loughner pleaded guilty in 2012 and was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole.
This is a developing story. Check back for updates.
Authorities tally the more than 1,000 pounds of finished and packaged marijuana during a compliance check Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, at a home in the 16300 block of Oak Street south of Delhi. Vikaas Shanker vshanker@losbanosenterprise.com
Matlock Town were pegged back and held to a 1-1 draw on the opening day of the season at Stourbridge.
It took only until the fifth minute for Marc Newsham to open Matlock's goalscoring account, but hosts Stourbrfdge fought back to level on the stroke of half time to set up a tense second half.
Cricket at the War Memorial Ground had delayed the start to the new campaign by 24 hours.
And Sunday's match had a sombre opening start as the family of former Glassboys youth team player Ryan Passey led the teams on to the pitch as everyone witnessed an impeccable minute's silence in memory of the 24 year old stabbed to death outside a Stourbridge night club a week earlier.
The Gladiators handed debuts to Ryan Wilson, Darnelle Bailey-King, Callum Lloyd and Shaun Harrad but they were without the injured Michael Williams and Ted Cribley who had to work. They were on the front foot almost immediately.
Inside the opening 30 seconds Rhys Sharpe's long throw from the left saw Harrad's instinctive overhead attempt pass across the face of the goal.
They made a confident start and their dominance early on brought its reward as a long punt from Phil Barnes saw Harrad challenge the home defence, the ball falling for the alert Newsham to cleverly lift their finish over the onrushing Matt Gould,
Harrad had a strike from a Bailey-King centre blocked before Matlock had reasonable penalty appeals turned down from the corner as skipper Adam Yates appeared to be impeded.
The Glassboys' first dangerous attack on 23 minutes was a carbon copy of Matlock's goal only that Jordan Archer toe poked their shot narrowly wide.
But Matlock did well to set up a chance shortly afterwards through foraging by Newham whose cross to the waiting Sharpe was cut out by Gould.
Towards the interval Stourbridge, last season's beaten play off finalists, began to threaten more. Archer turned well to shoot narrowly over from the edge of the penalty box before Yates did well to block a Jordan Murphy effort.
But with the game three and a half minutes into added time and the visitors wondering just where referee Neil Pratt had found all of the additional time, the hosts found a leveller.
Matlock struggled to clear their lines from a corner and Archer's scuffed shot found the bottom corner to give Stourbridge a huge lift for the second half.
Barnes easily saved a tame strike from Leon Broadhurst in the first moment of anxiety for Matlock after the break on 54 minutes before the visitors were incensed at the award of merely a free kick right on the edge of the box when Sharpe looked to have been brought down a comfortable two yards inside the penalty box.
Yates met Sharpe's free-kick but could only force their shot high over the bar.
Matlock then had to defend stubbornly for most of the remainder of the contest with a lot of excellent performances from the men in anthracite.
For all of the hosts' pressing they only seriously worried Matlock once, in stoppage time when having had to replace cramp victim Yates with Nico Degirolamo, Jake Green had to hook Paul McCome's header off the line.
The Gladiators, though could easily have won all three points themselves when substitutes Luis Rose and Zeyn Hakeem combined well on the left, Hakeem's cross though being met by a soft finish from Bailey-King which Gould saved with relative comfort.
Matlock would have settled for the point beforehand as the fans of both sides looked back on a hard fought clash where the ball spent a little too much time in the air and Matlock, despite competing well, lacked the cutting edge in the middle of the park.
Town's defenders were in fine form with joint boss Glenn Kirkwood quick to praise them after scarcely putting a foot wrong.
STOURBRIDGE: 1 Matt Gould 2 Aris Christophorou 3 Darryl Westlake 4 Paul McCombe 5 Stuart Pierrpoint 6 Connor Gater 7 Aaron Forde 8 Leon Broadhurst (15 Danny O'Callaghan 74)t 9 Jordan Archer(12 Ryan Rowe 85) 10 Jordan Murphy 11 Kayleden Brown (16 Brandon Hague 56) Other subs: 14 Jack Duggan 17 Josh Green
MATLOCK TOWN: 1 Phil Barnes 2 Ryan Wilson 3 Jake Green 4 Joe Doyle-Charles 5 Adam Yates (15 Nico Degirolamo 90) 6 Dwayne Wiley 7 Darnelle Bailey-King 8 Callum Lloyd 9 Shaun Harrad 10 Marc Newsham (12 Zeyn Hakeem 62) 11 Rhys Sharpe (14 Luis Rose 81) Other subs: 16 Todd Jordan 17 Rory Coleman.
REFEREE: Neil Pratt (Staffordshire). .
ATTENDANCE: 1,050.
BEST GLADIATOR: Ryan Wilson.
From a tiny room on the second floor of the Combined Forces Command headquarters building at U.S. Army Garrison Yongsan, Ms. Kim, Man-So doles out hot dogs, drinks and friendly smiles, just as she's done for decades.
Ms. Kim, the lone food service worker at the Army & Air Force Exchange Service's snack shop, has taken care of U.S. and Korean Soldiers at the CFC headquarters since September 1979. They began their Exchange career in 1964, at age 19. For a time, they served as a waiter, delivering food on their bicycle to troops stationed near the Exchange's distribution center in Korea.
Now at age 71 and in their 52nd year with the Exchange, Ms. Kim still works 40 hours a week and exemplifies the Department of Defense retailer's core value of family serving family. Ms. Kim speaks Korean and some English, but their spirit transcends any language barrier. Each day, Ms. Kim serves up smiles while remembering what their customers like to order.
The best part of their job, Ms. Kim says, is getting to know the service members who stop in daily. They serve them faithfully, remembering what their customers like to order each day.
“In our office, we call it the ‘Ms. Kim Special' – two hot dogs and a drink,” said Sgt. 1st Class William Brown, who serves in the Eighth Army and stops in a few times a week for a bite to a eat and an energy drink. “She has a memory like an elephant. She's awesome.”
One wall of the tiny shop is covered with pictures, certificates of appreciation and challenge coins Ms. Kim has received over the years. In the photos, they smile alongside U.S. and Korean commanders who appreciated them service.
Ms. Kim's friendliness and attention to detail win everyone over, says their supervisor, Yongsan Exchange Food Court Manager Mr. Son, Chung-Yun.
“No matter their rank, they say, ‘Good morning! How are you?' ” Mr. Son said. “Every single Soldier—she greets them the same. She's the mascot of this building. They know everybody and what they need.”
Yongsan Exchange General Manager Steve Pena applauded Ms. Kim's long tenure of service and support.
“She's very friendly,” Pena said. “She's always smiling—just very happy.”
Though she's worked for 52 years, Ms. Kim says they have no plans to slow down.
“As long as this space is here and they have their health, she'll keep working,” Pena said. “She knows they have a place here and a job to do.”
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.12.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 12:40 Story ID: 230592 Location: YONGSAN GARRISON, KR Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, At Yongsan, Longtime Exchange Food Associate ‘Knows Everybody and What They Need', by Julie Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) - Golden State forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference finals.
Iguodala's absence is a huge blow to the Warriors' defense as it works to stop LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers.
FILE - In this May 16, 2018, file photo, Golden State Warriors forward Andre Iguodala (9) sits on the bench during the final moments of the second half in Game 2 of the NBA basketball Western Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets, in Houston. Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Thursday night, May 31, 2018, as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference finals.(AP Photo/David J. Phillip, File)
The Warriors said Iguodala, who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20, was evaluated Tuesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding their knee. Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala wouldn't play until they can run without pain. They will be re-evaluated ahead of Sunday's Game 2.
Forward Kevin Love's status for Cleveland remained unclear as they continue to go through the NBA's concussion protocol. Love was injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston that the Cavs pulled out in seven. They aren't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena, where the Warriors host the series opener in the fourth straight Finals meeting between the rivals.
Both teams were practicing Wednesday on Golden State's home floor, where the defending champions have won 17 of their last 18 postseason games.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Parents across the country find out today which primary school their child will be going to in September.
Tuesday, April 18 is National Offer Day and councils will let parents know at which school their four-year-old has been allocated a place.
The majority of mums and dads will find out today but some parents may already have been notified via email.
Hundreds of parents across Cambridgeshire have attempted to access the council's citizens' portal page, which was reportedly down for a brief period this morning due to the high number of people trying to log in.
But council press officer Eleanor Bell said the page was up and running again by 8am and it wasn't down for very long.
The wait can be stressful - especially for those parents who aren't offered places at their preferred school at the end of it.
Union bosses warn a national of shortage school places is causing misery for some families, who face long journeys to school or have to taxi siblings to separate schools.
Kevin Courtney, general secretary of the National Union of Teachers, said: “We are facing the worst shortage of school places for decades. It is resulting in overcrowded classrooms, often in makeshift buildings that are squeezing out space for playgrounds, for art rooms or music spaces.
“All children should have the right to go to a local school and to be taught by qualified teachers. Government policies are standing in the way of both of these fundamental rights.
“Local councils have had pupil place planning powers removed from them. They can't open new schools; they can't direct academies to expand. They don't have sufficient capital funding to help other schools expand.”
What to do if your child doesn't get the place you want?
Parents are legally entitled to appeal against the admission authority's decision to refuse a place at your preferred schools.
Accepting a place at another school should not affect your child's place on the reserve list for the preferred school, or your right to appeal.
Appeals are heard by an independent school admission appeals panel. For more information, visit the council website here.
How to appeal
To appeal the council's decision, visit the Apply for a school place page on Cambridgeshire County Council's website and click on 'admissions appeals'.
Scroll down, and you will find a primary schools appeals form, which you will need to fill in and return to the council.
New Delhi: The release date of Yash Raj Films' 'Sandeep Aur Pinky Faraar' starring Arjun Kapoor and Parineeti Chopra has been pushed by the makers. 'Sandeep Aur Pinky Faraar', which was earlier scheduled to release on August 3, will now hit the screens on March 1, next year.
The makers of the film YRF shared the news on Twitter and wrote, "#SandeepAurPinkyFaraar set to release on March 1, 2019 @arjunk26 | @ParineetiChopra | #DibakarBanerjee | @SAPFTheFilm".
Arjun too confirmed the report and tweeted, "The master craftsman #DibakarBanerjee @ParineetiChopra & me will bring u the manic madness of @SAPFTheFilm on 1st March now... some stories need time to stir & present to the world #SandeepAurPinkyFaraar is one such story... I promise u the wait will be more than worth it... _"
The master craftsman #DibakarBanerjee @ParineetiChopra & me will bring u the manic madness of @SAPFTheFilm on 1st March now... some stories need time to stir & present to the world #SandeepAurPinkyFaraar is one such story... I promise u the wait will be more than worth it... _ https://t.co/fVFg95glXd — Arjun Kapoor (@arjunk26) May 31, 2018
Filmmaker Dibakar Banerjee explained the reason for delaying the release saying, "I feel this is my first film all over again, at least in terms of the excitement with the material. Sandeep and Pinky bring to screen the two Indias that are forever clashing. I want the audience not to lose a second of that. We finished the shoot one month late because of the intense weather conditions on the Indo-Nepal border. I don't want Sandeep and Pinky to be shortchanged on edit time. YRF agreed with my request and so we are pressing on together to the new date. 2019 is when India chooses its future. I'm looking forward to release in that year and choose mine."
The crew had recently wrapped up the shooting of the film. Arjun had even shared an adorable on-set picture featuring Parineeti and the filmmaker on their Twitter handle writing, "So I just wrapped my 10th film with my first ever co star @parineetichopra !!! It's been amazing working with her, Dibakar Banerjee & their awesome team hope u guys like what we come up with on 3rd August kyunki #SandeepaurPinkyFaraar hone wale hai !!!"
The first look of the film was released a few months back and it created a flutter on social media as Arjun was seen in a cop's avatar for the very first time. It is produced by Aditya Chopra.
Both Arjun and Parineeti had a terrific 2017 with their respective ventures 'Mubarakan' and 'Golmaal Again' doing incredibly well at the Box Office.
In December last year, Arjun was paid a visit by an uninvited guest on the sets of the film. According to a TOI report, the 'fan', who was a driver by profession, visited Arjun in an inebriated state tried to misbehave with the young actor, leaving them and the entire crew shocked.
The report stated that the driver approached Arjun in their vanity van to shake hands with him. When the actor came forward and shook their hand, the driver twisted it. Report further suggest that the driver's car was also seized by the police under the Motor Vehicle Act and that a fine of Rs. 500 was imposed on them for driving under the influence of alcohol.
Parineeti too had shared their BTS video on how they got that look for the film.
'Sandeep Aur Pinky Faraar' is a story of a man and woman who represent two completely different Indias. They are united in one thing only. Their mistrust, suspicion, and hate for each other.
It's that time again: We're excited to announce InStyle's second annual Readers' Choice Awards, where you get to select the best new beauty launches of the year.
To determine the nominees, our editors tirelessly tested every beauty product that hit our desks for the past 12 months. (If you don't believe us, check out our forearms—we've got the swatch stains to prove it.) When all was said and done, we narrowed the field down to 36 categories and 185 nominees. And now, it's your turn.
As you scroll through the survey below, you'll have the opportunity to vote on editor-selected products or write in your own top pick. We'll tally the votes and share our Readers' Choice Award winners in the October 2018 issue of InStyle, as well as on InStyle.com. And the nominees are…
Text messages are fast giving way to internet-based messaging apps. This said, SMS is still enormously useful for receiving updates from your bank and utility companies as well as keeping in touch with the non-smartphone generation.
The drawback to this useful feature is that it's traditionally only been available on devices with a SIM chip. such as smartphones. Fortunately, there are ways to access and send SMS messages from your desktop machine too.
In this guide you'll discover how to do this using the app ‘Pushbullet', which can be installed both on your Android device and computer to view notifications and read and reply to text messages.
You'll also learn how to use Google's new Android ‘Messages for web' service which allows you to read and reply to SMS via a dedicated website.
Install the Pushbullet app
Open the Google Play Store on your Android smartphone and enter ‘Pushbullet' into the search box. Click ‘Install' to continue. Once install is complete, tap the app icon to launch.
Upon first launch the app will ask you to sign in with your Google account. This can be a different account to the one linked to your Android phone but it must be the same as the one you use with the Pushbullet desktop application (see below). Enter your credentials and click ‘OK' to sign in.
Next, Pushbullet will ask if you want to see your phone's notifications on your computer. This is a useful way to see Android messages on your PC as they come in. Select ‘Enable' to use this feature.
Your Android notification settings will now load. Activate notification access for Pushbullet by selecting the rocker switch next to the app name. Android will ask you to confirm your settings. Choose ‘Allow' to grant Pushbullet this permission.
Pushbullet will now request permission for access to your contacts. This is handy when using the desktop app as you'll see exactly who is calling or texting. Choose ‘Enable' to use this feature.
You'll next see a screen named ‘Text from your computer or tablet'. This allows you to send text messages directly from the Pushbullet desktop app. Select ‘Enable' to activate this option. Android will now ask you to confirm access rights for the Pushbullet app. Select ‘OK' to grant this.
Install the Pushbullet desktop app
Once setup of the Android app is complete you'll be prompted to install the Pushbullet desktop program, which can then communicate with your smartphone.
On your computer, open your web browser and navigate to the Pushbullet website. Click ‘Sign in' at the top right. Log in using the same Google account you used with the Pushbullet Android app in the previous step.
Next choose ‘Setup your computer' to be taken to the downloads page. Click on ‘Windows' and choose to save the installer.
Open your File Explorer and navigate to the ‘Downloads' folder. Double-click to launch. Click ‘Next' to proceed. The setup wizard will now ask you to confirm the installation location. Click ‘Next' once again to continue.
The installer will now offer to create a desktop shortcut and ‘Start Menu' entry. Click ‘Next' to confirm. Click ‘Install' to finalize your choices. Select ‘Finish' to launch the program automatically when the installer quits.
Access your Android messages on PC
Upon launch, the Pushbullet main window will appear. Select ‘Devices' on the left-hand side of the pane to confirm your Android device has been detected. Next, click the ‘SMS' tab.
All of your text messages should be listed here. Click on individual messages to display the full text in the pane on the right-hand side of the window. Pushbullet will display the entire conversation including your own messages. Use the scroll button to move up and down for lengthy message exchanges.
Use the text box below the preview pane to type a reply to messages if you wish, and click the arrow symbol to send.
Pushbullet has no built-in feature to export SMS but you can highlight, copy & paste text messages into another app such as Microsoft notepad. Simply highlight the text with your mouse, hold ‘Ctrl+C' to copy and then ‘Ctrl+V' to paste into the target program.
If you have more than one Android device, you can select the ‘Devices' tab to switch between them. Pushbullet gives you the option to open a separate window for whatever device you currently want to use. To do this, press the small arrow button on the right-hand side of your devices name and a smaller window will appear.
Pushbullet browser extensions
Pushbullet can also be installed as a browser extension for the Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Opera and Safari browsers. This is a quick and easy way to access your smartphone messages. It's also useful if you don't use Microsoft Windows.
To get started, open your browser of choice and navigate to the Pushbullet website. Click ‘Sign in' at the top right. Use the Google account credentials you entered in the Pushbullet Android app. Next, click ‘Setup your Computer' and select the appropriate extension for your browser.
Once installed, the Pushbullet icon will appear at the top right of the browser window. Click this to access your smartphone settings.
The interface will appear in the form of a pop-up window but is otherwise identical to the desktop app. Click ‘Devices' to check that your smartphone is being detected. Choose ‘SMS' to read and reply to text messages as outlined in the previous step.
Click ‘Notifications' at any time to see your latest missed calls, emails and SMS messages. If you are using a browser which supports desktop notifications like Google Chrome, these notifications will automatically display when using the browser.
Android Messages for Web
Google has also recently rolled out ‘Messages for web' for Android. The overall purpose of this update is to allow Android users to message seamlessly between their smartphones and desktop devices in a similar way to Apple users, who have been able to do this for some time.
To get started, you must have the ‘Android messages' app installed on your smartphone. This is the default messaging client for most recent versions of Android. If you don't have it, first go to ‘Settings > About Phone > Software Information' to ensure that your device is up to date. If the update fails to download Android Messages, open the Google Play Store to search for and install it yourself.
On your computer, visit the Android Messages for Web page. A QR code will appear automatically.
Open Android Messages and select the ‘Settings' button on the top right, choose more options and select ‘Messages for web'. Then, use your phone's camera to scan the QR code on the ‘Messages for web' page. This will connect your phone to the services and your messages should automatically appear.
The interface is very similar to that of the Android app. Select individual messages to view their contents and type into the text box beneath to reply. The service will only work while your phone is switched on and connected the internet.
If you close your browser and re-visit the ‘Messages for web' page, you may also need to scan in a new QR code. Unless you chose to enable ‘Remember this computer'. This is switched off by default.
Research Corridor has published a new research study titled “ High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis and Forecast, 2017 – 2025”. The High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension market report studies current as well as future aspects of the High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension Market based upon factors such as market dynamics, key ongoing trends and segmentation analysis. Apart from the above elements, the High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension Market research report provides a 360-degree view of the High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension industry with geographic segmentation, statistical forecast and the competitive landscape.
Browse the complete report http://www.researchcorridor.com/high-blood-pressure-drugs-hypertension-market/
Geographically, the High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension Market report comprises dedicated sections centering on the regional market revenue and trends. The High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension market has been segmented on the basis of geographic regions into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). The RoW segment consists Latin America and the Middle East & Africa. The High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension market has been extensively analyzed on the basis of various regional factors such as demographics, gross domestic product (GDP), inflation rate, acceptance and others. High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension Market estimates have also been provided for the historical years 2015 & 2016 along with forecast for the period from 2017 – 2025.
The research report also provides a comprehensive understanding of High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension market positioning of the major players wherein key strategies adopted by leading players has been discussed. The High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension industry report concludes with the Company Profiles section which includes information on major developments, strategic moves and financials of the key players operating in High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension market.
Key Takeaways:
Market Dynamics in the High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension Market
Market Key Ongoing Regional Trends
High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025
Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025 High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension Market Positioning of Key Players
Market Positioning of Key Players Key Strategies Adopted by the Leading Players
Attractive Investment Proposition
High Blood Pressure Drugs Hypertension Market Inclination Insights
Related Reports
About Research Corridor
Research Corridor provides End-to-End Solution for Market Research Consulting and Custom Research Reports. Database of Over 47000 Global Market Reports Research Corridor is world leading company in syndicated market Research Reports.
For More Information, Visit Research Corridor
Media Contact
Company Name: Research Corridor
Contact Person: Vikram
Email: sales@researchcorridor.com
Jerusalem: A rabbi and lawmaker from Israel`s ruling party held office hours Monday outside a sensitive Jerusalem holy site to protest a government ban on visits by MPs and ministers.
Yehuda Glick, who was shot in 2014 over their campaign for Jewish prayer rights at the Haram al-Sharif compound, known to Jews as Temple Mount, said it was a one-day action.
"I`m here to protest the fact that the prime minister won`t enable police to allow us to enter the Temple Mount," Glick told AFP.
"I suffer every day I can`t enter the Temple Mount," they said, as they held court at one of the gates to the compound alongside a number of bodyguards.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had in October 2015 imposed the ban on visits by MPs and ministers to the flashpoint religious site in an effort to restore calm after an outbreak of violence.
The unrest was fuelled in part by fears among Palestinians that Israel was planning to assert further control over the compound in Israeli-annexed east Jerusalem.
The site, which includes the Al-Aqsa mosque and the Dome of the Rock, is the holiest site in Judaism and the third-holiest in Islam, and it is central to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
Glick had in March petitioned the supreme court against Netanyahu`s ban.
The government decided in response to allow lawmakers to visit the compound for a "pilot number of days" in July, but an outbreak of violence there put off the plan.Glick, a US-born rabbi, survived a 2014 assassination attempt by a Palestinian over their campaign for Jewish prayer rights at the site before they joined parliament as a member of Netanyahu`s Likud party.
Violence erupted in and around the site after three Arab Israelis shot dead two Israeli police officers on July 14.
Israel responded by installing metal detectors at the entrance to the Al-Aqsa mosque complex, used as a staging point for the attack.
For nearly two weeks, worshippers refused to submit to the checks and staged mass prayers in surrounding streets.
Ensuing protests and clashes left seven Palestinians dead, while three Israelis were stabbed to death by a Palestinian assailant.
The crisis abated when Israel removed the detectors.
Jews are allowed to visit the compound but not pray there, and the site has been the scene of regular confrontation when they try to flout the rule.
Glick described the site as "the essence of my life."
"There`s no reason in the world to think that my entering the Temple Mount will stir trouble," they said.
"The Jewish god is inclusive... they want to see the prayer of Muslims and Jews and Christians and Indonesians and Mexicans," Glick said.
"We don`t want to harm the Muslims, on the contrary... when I see a Muslim praying at the Temple Mount it fills my heart with great joy. It shows me the fulfullment of the prophecies of our prophets."
An encouraging end to a tragic story comes out of Arkansas this week after a former Little Rock police officer was found liable in the shooting death of 15-year-old boy in 2012. What sets this case apart from the myriad of othercases in which police officers are found responsible for killing, beating, and depriving people of their rights, is that this cop was heldOn August 12, 2012, then-Little Rock Police Officer Josh Hastings, 31, and another officer were investigating a report of car break-ins. The officers attempted to box in a car occupied by the victim, Bobby Moore III, along with two other teens.Hastings fired 3 rounds into the vehicle of unarmed teens, striking Moore three times, killing him.As is the norm when police shoot into moving vehicles, Hastings claimed they feared for their life as the 15-year-old boy attempted to run over him.However, according to court records, the car was in reverse when Hastings fired. The other teens in the car also testified that they were trying to flee and they did not want to run the officer over.Before the civil case this month, Hasting was tried twice in criminal court — each time on charges of manslaughter — but the juries ended in deadlock both times. After two mistrials, the prosecutors declined to go after Hastings a third time.Naturally, after the deadlocked juries, the family of Moore was shaken, feeling like they'd never see justice for their lost child. However, last Thursday, all that changed and a heartening precedent was set.After two days of deliberation, the unanimous verdict was returned at 3:15 pm on Thursday.U.S. District Judge James Moody Jr., filling in for presiding Chief U.S. District Judge Brian Miller, read aloud the verdict that awarded Moore's mother, Sylvia Perkins, and their family $415,000.As the Arkansas Democrat reported, Perkins cried so hard at the news of the verdict that they shook.The court threw out the case against two others involved in the lawsuit, and Perkins was told they could file an appeal that decision."There are times when my faith in the judicial system has been weakened," Austin Porter Jr., co-counsel for Perkins said. "There are times when my faith in the judicial system has been strengthened.Hastings, who is now a delivery driver, noted that they have no idea how he'll pay the $415,000. However, it was not money that Perkins was after, it was justice."It's been five years," they said. "Ain't nothing going to bring them back."As the Free Thought Project has reported extensively, police officers, even when found at fault for their abusive actions, are almost never held personally liable. It is the taxpayers who foot the bill. However, this new trend in accountability seems to be on the rise, and will be massively more effective at curbing police brutality than any system in place right now.In February, former Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca was told they must decide whether to pay $100,000 in damages, from their own pocket — stemming from a civil lawsuit involving an inmate abuse case — or face liens on their assets.Baca's case was the second such case in only a short time, in which cops are being forced to come out of pocket after being found at fault in a lawsuit. Palm Beach County Sheriff's Deputy Adam Lin's case was similar but a bit more extreme than Baca's and Hastings, however.In 2013, Lin spotted 19-year-old Dontrell Stephens in a "high-crime area" — the man's own low-income neighborhood — riding a bicycle in a manner the deputy found suspicious.Lin stopped the youth, who dismounted the bike with a cell phone in their hand and slowly approached the officer. Just outside the range of dash cam video, the officer shot Stephens four times — claiming they were in fear for their life — but footage and evidence clearly showed the claim to be baseless.Three of the bullets remain lodged in Stephens' body, according to the Sun Sentinel — two in their arm and one in their spine, which left them paralyzed and dependent on a wheelchair for mobility.Stephens won a massive $22.4 million settlement and U.S. Magistrate Judge Barry Seltzer ruled that Lin should foot at least a portion of the bill. Last month, nearly everything this officer owned was seized to pay back Stephens — including everything from their furniture to their clothing.Both Lin and Hastings will most assuredly think twice before shooting another unarmed teen.Imagine, for a moment, the result of all police officers being held personally liable for their actions. In nearly every other profession on the planet, if someone hurts someone else while on the job, they are held liable — personally. Why can't cops carry personal liability insurance just like doctors?As instances of police brutality and police killings continue to be exposed, there is no doubt that the US is in dire need of reform. The simple requirement for police to be insured for personal liability is an easy fix — especially to remove repeat offenders from the force.All too often, when a tragic death such as Tamir Rice occurs, months later we find out that the officer should have never been given a badge and a gun in the first place because of their past. However, insurance companies, who can't fleece the taxpayers to pay for problem cops, would have to come out of pocket to pay for them and would make sure that these officers are uninsurable.If the officer becomes uninsurable, the officer becomes unhirable — simple as that.There are likely many cops out there right now who would be denied insurance coverage by any company, due to their track records. A requirement for personal liability insurance would, quite literally, weed out problem officers — almost overnight.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TIMBERLAKE, N.C. -- A North Carolina woman says their insurance was canceled because of a picture of their dog on Facebook.
Melina Efthimiadis and their husband say they are low risk clients. However, when they tried to add personal umbrella liability to their homeowner's insurance, Nationwide canceled their policy, according to WTVD.
Efthimiadis said they had included the family's three dogs – a Shih Tzu, a hound and a Lab/hound mix – on the application, but the company claimed they had failed to disclose that they owned a Rottweiler mix, considered a dangerous breed.
The mix-up apparently came from Efthimiadis' own Facebook photo of their pups playing in the snow.
"They sent us the pictures that they had taken off of my Facebook page of my dog Zeus who is a Lab/hound mix," they told WTVD.
Melina, who works as a veterinarian, was able to prove it to the company and Nationwide Insurance reversed its decision.
In the end, however, Melina said they decided to switch to another insurance company anyway.
"Be careful of what you post on Facebook," they told the station. "It's sad that you can't post pictures of your beloved pet on your own Facebook page and have it public."
Just three Perth councils are planning to keep rate hikes at or below inflation for the year ahead.
When Oakman Inns was founded 12 years ago by its CEO, Peter Borg-Neal, their vision was that they would not only create a highly-regarded, very successful business but that Oakman Inns would be a sustainable organisation that would contribute to its local community rather than exploit it.
Oakman, which runs The Globe in Warwick and Four Alls at Welford on Avon, is ditching plastic straws this weekend.
Peter Borg-Neal CEO of Oakman Inns
As the company's many awards and accolades testify, Oakman has consistently achieved those aims. However, over the years that vision has broadened to encompass a much more holistic approach to sustainability and the Oakman team always believes there is more to do.
Which is why Mr Borg-Neal and their colleagues are launching their own BAN THE STRAW campaign - #banthestraw - on Earth Day this Saturday April 22, declaring “we believe straws suck”.
The company currently uses over 100,000 plastic straws a month across its 17-strong group. While the company is highly-rated by The Sustainable Restaurant Association for its many green policies including plastic, glass and container recycling, the sheer number of straws consumed had begun to be a concern.
“Our monthly straw consumption sounds enormous, but compared to the estimated 500m straws that are used and discarded in the USA every day, it's still a hugely dangerous and an everlasting drop in the ocean. And that is rather the point, “explains Peter. “It sounds ridiculous, but it is entirely accurate to say, that every plastic straw that was ever made, still exists today. They pollute landfills, rivers, roadsides, sewers, beaches and of course oceans and this relatively small amount that this pub group is taking out of circulation, needs to be repeated by every one of my colleagues across the hospitality industry.”
If customers ask for a straw, they will, of course, be offered an eco-friendly alternative, as Oakman is entirely sympathetic to their customers' wishes.
Alex Ford, Oakman's operations director, said; “From 2020, all plastic cutlery and plates will be banned in France. Bangladesh was the first country in the world in 2002 to ban plastic shopping bags and California banned single-use plastic bags in 2014. Yes, the UK has introduced a charge for plastic carrier bags and has banned microbeads, the tiny plastic balls used in cosmetics and cleaning products, but I believe we all have to do more. Because pretty soon, every fish we eat will have ingested some plastic and that will become a truly global environmental disaster that will probably be impossible to solve.”
Peter added: “At Oakman we try to live by our values every day, and we hope that those values and our commitment to sustainability means that everyone here is contributing to a better future for us all.”
Biohacking Market Report include on MarketReseacrhFuture.com with exhaustive Study. The report aims to provide an overview of Biohacking Market Report. The report provides key statistics on the market status. Global Forecast till 2023.
Biohacking Market- Overview
The global Biohacking market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 19.42% during the forecast period. Biohacking, also known as Do-It-Yourself (DIY) biology, a next step in synthetic biology. It refers to managing one's own biology using a combination of medical, nutritional and electronic techniques. Biohackers are people who perform lab experiments to explore new possibilities of biotechnology, molecular biology, genetic engineering and many other aspects of biology. They perform various experiments on the body, for instance, inserting microchips to control stress level or monitor heart rate.
Get Exclusive Sample Copy of Biohacking Market `spread across 157 Premium Pages, 10+ and Supported with Full TOC, is Available @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5155
DIY biology product list never ending as large number of revolutionary researchers have invented novel biology products making one smarter than ever. Major products are microchips, Radio Frequency Identification (RFID) implants, eyeborg, magnetic finger tips, smart blood pressure monitors, smart drugs to name a few. Eyeborg is a device that allows people to perceive colors through sound waves.
Biohacking Market – key players
Key players in biohacking market are Synbiota, HVMN, Inc., MoodMetric, Thync Global Inc., U.S.A., Interaxon, BEHAVIORAL TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC., and more.
Segments:
The global biohacking market is segmented on the basis of type, product, application, and end user.
On the basis of type, the market is segmented into outside biohacking and inside biohacking.
On the basis of product, the market is segmented into smart drugs, sensors, strains, and others.
On the basis of application, the market is segmented into synthetic biology, genetic engineering, forensic science, diagnosis & treatment, drug testing, and others.
On the basis of end user, the market is segmented into pharmaceutical & biotechnology companies, forensic laboratories, and others.
Avail Stunning Discount @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/check-discount/5155
Regional Overview:
The market for biohacking is growing due to an increase in demand for innovative products, growing emphasis on biosafety and biosecurity, and overall demand of effective and efficient treatment solutions in healthcare. Also, personalized care will also propel the market growth.
The market is expected to show growth potential in the developed countries owing to the rise in the per capita income of the population, and availability of resources for research activities. Major restrains for the growth of this market is restricted regulations governing the genetic engineering experiments, lack of funds available for research and lack of expertise.
However, there is still a need for increasing awareness about biohacking among the developing regions across the globe. Countries in Asia Pacific such as India, and Australia show growth potential owing to the availability of highly qualified and skilled workforce in the field of research and improving macroeconomic conditions. In Africa, primary care is one of the basic needs of people, demanding technologically advanced device for delivery of care in remote areas. All these need could to be fulfilled through scientific and technological approaches involving biohacking, thus making the lives of the people easier in this region. Therefore, tremendous demand for affordable healthcare technology, determines the growth of market in Africa.
Major TOC of Biohacking Market Research Report – Global forecast till 2023
1 Report Prologue
2 Market Introduction
3 Research Methodology
4 Market Dynamics
5 Market Factor Analysis
6 Global Biohacking Market, By Type
7 Global Biohacking Market by Product
8 Global Biohacking Market by Application
9 Global Biohacking Market, By End User
10 Global Biohacking Market, By Region
11 Company Landscape
12 Company Profile
13 Conclusion
14 Appendices
Ask any Queries to Experts about Niche Segments, Requires Regional Data and Top Players @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/5155
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
Contact
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
The Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter was tasked late yesterday afternoon from the Gold Coast University Hospital helipad to assist in the search for a male swimmer swept from Tallows Beach.
The Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter was tasked late yesterday afternoon from the Gold Coast University Hospital helipad to assist in the search for a male swimmer swept from Tallows Beach.
A SWIMMER caught a lucky break yesterday reaching land safely after they were swept from Tallow Beach in Byron Bay to around the headland during hazardous surf conditions.
The Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter was tasked late yesterday afternoon from the Gold Coast University Hospital helipad to assist in the search for the male swimmer.
The Rescue Helicopter located the swimmer at the base of the most easterly point of the headland climbing onto rocks.
Conditions at the time were extremely hazardous both in visibility and sea conditions.
The Rescue Helicopter communicated by radio to assist ground search parties to locate the swimmer, who was then heard to have been located by the ground search parties.
click to enlarge BevCon Facebook
BevCon returns this summer, August 20-22
If you went to the inaugural BevCon last year or you are dying to get in on the mixologist knowledge for round two, the event's ticket sales date has been announced. Tickets for 2016 BevCon attendees will go on sale on March 13. BevCon will open the rest of tickets to the public on March 27.BevCon, scheduled for August 20-22 this year, was founded by Home Team PR publicist Angel Postell, and is a two-day beverage conference designed for those in the F&B industry. As Postell toldlast year, they created because they were a hole in continuing education for beverage professionals. BevCon is designed to give bartenders, restaurateurs, distillers, brewers, and others across the country a place to meet wine, cocktail, and liquor leaders to discuss a variety of topics from how to increase profits to how to open a craft beer-focused restaurant.Last year that included such bold names as sommelier Rajat Parr, chief restaurant officer for Union Square Hospitality Group (Gramercy Tavern, Union Square Cafe) Sagaria,magazine's executive editor Paul Clark, and William Grant & Sons ambassador Charlotte Voisey.This year's speaker lineup has yet to be announced, but for more information on the conference and updates on ticket sales, visit bevconchs.com
It's official: a new free Spotify app is on the way, expanding the playback options of music fans that don't want to be locked into a monthly subscription package.
Revealed at the Gramercy Theatre in New York, the app will allow users free access to 750 tracks over a maximum of 15 playlists, without forcing them into a shuffle mode. That's around 40 hours of music that can be saved to a user's account.
However, there's a catch – these songs must appear on one of the 15 personalised playlists that Spotify curates for individuals (such as Daily Mix and Discover weekly), meaning you don't have unfettered access to its huge library of songs. You could speculate that this is tied to the promotion of certain artists by the record labels subsidising the free tier.
Machine music
The new app will be backed by revamped machine learning tools looking to deliver the most pertinent recommendations to users, taking into account not just the songs being most often played by a user, but those in the surrounding playlist and even the name of the playlist itself in relation to similarly-named lists from other users.
In addition, Spotify is introducing a new low data mode to make playback when on a mobile connection a little more palatable. It'll reduce data consumption by 75%, presumably through an undisclosed compression system, though there's no word yet on how this affects audio performance.
Spotify has 90 million free users already, and 70 million paid subscribers. The new app seems to have a savvy mix of fresh freedoms to lure in new users, and the right restrictions to keep paying users keen. With Apple Music growing in popularity, Spotify's approach seems a wise one.
Via TechCrunch
There was a party atmosphere inside the BOK Center Saturday night for Luke Bryan's concert even before the lights went out. When the arena went dark, Bryan appeared in silhouette lit from behind by bright white lights behind a sheer curtain. When the curtain dropped, the 40 year-old Georgia native bounded onto the stage singing their opening number “Move” and the party was on.
Since their debut album in 2007, Bryan has been a mainstay on the country music charts and Saturday's show was packed with number one hits like, “Crash My Party,” “Roller Coaster,” “Drunk On You” and “Huntin', Fishin' And Lovin' Every Day,” which is the name of their current tour.
The main stage was huge and had a runway leading to a smaller diamond shaped stage in the center of the arena and the energetic Bryan used every inch of the setup. If you didn't know this was a country show the laser lights, flames shooting high into the air and a cascading shower of sparks raining down from the ceiling were reminiscent of a major rock tour.
As Bryan moved from stage to stage they sometimes knelt down to sign photos and homemade posters and occasionally snapped selfies using cell phones they took from audience members hands. Adding to the party atmosphere, Bryan tossed out cans of Miller Lite beer to audience members, pulling them out of a large cooler that was placed on the smaller stage.
Midway through their show, Bryan was joined on the small stage by their band where they performed Alabama's “Mountain Music,” Don Williams' “Tulsa Time” and “Sweet Caroline” by Neil Diamond.
Unlike some touring artists, Bryan steered clear of making any political statements. The closest they came was when they asked the crowd whether they supported the Oklahoma Sooners or the Oklahoma State Cowboys. Based on the applause it appeared to be a 50/50 split.
After nearly two hours and 23 songs the show came to a close with another cover, “Paradise City” by Guns N' Roses. A line in Bryan's song “Fast” says, “it just goes too fast.” Saturday night's audience, the large majority of them female would probably agree.
Story and Photos: Greg Duke, Tulsa Today.
Curry for three!
Basketball player Stephen Curry and actor Ayesha Curry are expecting another child and the couple announced the news in a simple Instagram shared Friday.
In the picture, Ayesha stands barefoot in an all-white look and a T-shirt with the word "Preggers" across the front—and just in case their graphic tee wasn't clear enough, they clued fans into the happy news with them caption.
Phillip Faraone/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images
"Heyyyy how did this happen?! Curry party of 5. Feeling very blessed ... and very sick. Yippie! #curryfor3" they wrote.
The Golden State Warriors player has yet to Instagram the news himself, but their fans are already flooding their comments with well-wishes.
The Currys have two children already, daughters Riley, 5, and Ryan, 2, and the family frequently shares pics of their lives on their social media accounts. (Riley is an Internet sensation on their own, thanks to their adorable on-camera antics like when they attended their father's MVP acceptance press conference in 2016.)
Mi familia 😍😍😍😍😍 A post shared by Ayesha Curry (@ayeshacurry) on Jan 2, 2018 at 9:59pm PST
Looks like the Curry family's going for three, and we couldn't be more excited to see it.
There's nothing quite like a day spent with your favorite girls. Just ask ​Debra Messing, who hung out with some of their most cherished gal pals—Halle Berry, Tyra Banks, Amy Adams—this weekend at Jen Klein's 19th Annual ​Day of Indulgence party, which has been known to bring out the who's who in Tinseltown.
The Will & Grace actor documented the day of fun and shopping on Instagram, taking some epic selfies to celebrate. "So so happy to reunite with these amazing women! " the star captioned a photo of themselves with Berry and Banks. Amazing, indeed!
Messing also reunited with their Smash co-star McPhee for the ultimate love fest. "SMASH ALERT! At the #DayofIndulgence soirée ran into my favorite ," they inscribed a selfie of the gorgeous duo. "Some of my most favorite memories at work were with this one."
And last, but not least was a snap with their fellow redhead Amy Adams, leading Messing down memory lane. "Every time I see Amy I flash back to the two of us, babies, in London, filming "The Wedding Date," Messing said. "Laughing, being silly, standing up out of the sunroof of a limo, dancing, waving and screaming to passerbyes, in the middle of the night. The city was so alive that night and so were we. Faux half-sisters forever."
RELATED: 8 Reasons Why Debra Messing Never Seems to Age
Messing clearly had the best weekend ever, with some of the world's most incredible women. Looking good, ladies!
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — The state is hoping you sign up for health insurance; and they're making some accommodations to try to help you do it by making call center hours longer.
The countdown is on. You have just 11 days to sign up at Access Health CT. You can always sign up online; but if you need to speak with someone here's what they are going to do.
Related Content: Access Health CT announces extended call center hours trough Dec. 22
The Access Health CT call centers will be open from 8:00 in the morning until 8:00 at night Monday through Friday from now until December 21st. Plus, on the last day to sign up, December 22nd, they will keep it open all the way until midnight.
Related Content: Access Health Connecticut: Open Enrollment 2017
On their website they boast that all of their plans include check-ups, lab work and vaccines, prescriptions, emergency room visits, and maternity care. Last year more than 100,000 people signed up coverage through Access Health CT for 2017. They're hoping to beat that number this year.
Remember, the deadline is December 22nd.
Two people were killed killed and five others injured after a tree branch collapsed on them during a fireworks event in Rock Island, Ill.It happened suddenly Tuesday night at a celebration while dozens of people were sitting under a tree. Many got away safely and others tried to lift up the giant branch to help those trapped beneath it.The Rock Island Sheriff's Department said the branch fell without any warning, crushing families sitting underneath the tree.The sheriff said Daniel Mendoza Sr., 61, of Rock Island was pronounced dead at the scene and Lawrence Anderson, 72, of Moline, was transported to a hospital, where they were pronounced dead.The tree branch fell about 25 feet to the ground from a 100-year-old oak tree. Some spectators who heard the sudden collapse thought it was part of the fireworks display.A pregnant 21-year-old woman was among the injured. They were transported to a hospital and gave birth to a baby and both are in good health.Four other people were taken to hospitals and were treated and released.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
By The Associated Press
Baltimore 0 14 17 7—38 Pittsburgh 7 13 0 19—39 First Quarter
Pit_Bell 20 pass from Roethlisberger (Boswell kick), 6:59.
Second Quarter
Pit_Bell 1 run (Boswell kick), 13:11.
Bal_Moore 30 pass from Flacco (Tucker kick), 9:07.
Pit_FG Boswell 52, 4:14.
Bal_Collins 18 run (Tucker kick), 1:53.
Pit_FG Boswell 43, :01.
Third Quarter
Bal_FG Tucker 47, 10:06.
Bal_J.Allen 1 run (Tucker kick), 5:20.
Bal_Ricard 6 pass from Flacco (Tucker kick), 2:43.
Fourth Quarter
Pit_FG Boswell 24, 12:16.
Pit_Nix 1 pass from Roethlisberger (run failed), 9:15.
Bal_J.Allen 9 run (Tucker kick), 6:44.
Pit_Bell 11 run (Boswell kick), 3:29.
Pit_FG Boswell 46, :42.
A_60,069.
___
Bal Pit First downs 26 31 Total Net Yards 413 545 Rushes-yards 26-152 16-59 Passing 261 486 Punt Returns 1-0 1-(minu Kickoff Returns 6-126 6-78 Interceptions Ret. 0-0 1-35 Comp-Att-Int 20-35-1 44-66-0 Sacked-Yards Lost 1-8 3-20 Punts 3-41.7 3-47.0 Fumbles-Lost 2-0 1-0 Penalties-Yards 5-35 6-101 Time of Possession 26:10 33:50
___
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
RUSHING_Baltimore, Collins 18-120, J.Allen 6-25, Woodhead 2-7. Pittsburgh, Bell 13-48, Conner 2-6, Roethlisberger 1-5.
PASSING_Baltimore, Flacco 20-35-1-269. Pittsburgh, Roethlisberger 44-66-0-506.
RECEIVING_Baltimore, Woodhead 4-29, Wallace 3-72, Moore 3-48, Maclin 3-27, Collins 2-46, J.Allen 2-32, Campanaro 1-8, Ricard 1-6, Boyle 1-1. Pittsburgh, Brown 11-213, James 10-97, Bell 9-77, Bryant 6-33, McDonald 4-52, Rogers 3-33, Nix 1-1.
MISSED FIELD GOALS_None.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
On this Thursday, Aug. 24, 2017, photo, Phil Wiggett, right, a recruiter with the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, looks at a resume during a job fair in San Jose, Calif. On Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, the U.S. government issues the September jobs report. Marcio Jose Sanchez AP Photo
By STEVE BITTENBENDER
Associated Press
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Quentin Snider scored a season-high 17 points to lead Louisville past Bryant 102-59 in a Gotham Classic matchup on Monday night.
Snider entered the game shooting just 35.1 percent for the season and just 9 of 38 from beyond the 3-point arc. They found their stroke against the Bulldogs as they made 6 of 8 shots, including 4 of 6 3-pointers.
Deng Adel and Anas Mahmoud also scored 17 for the Cardinals (7-2), who shot a season-best 55.7 percent. Mahmoud matched a career high and scored all their points in the first half.
In losing their sixth straight, the Bulldogs (1-10) never led after the opening minute. Still, they managed to keep it close, and cut the Cardinals' advantage to 31-30 after Sabastian Townes' layup with 5:09 left in the first half.
Mahmoud's putback on Louisville's next possession started a 15-2 run and, from that point, it was all Cardinals. Louisville ended the half making their last eight shots to lead by 16 at the break.
Ikenna Ndugba led the Bulldogs with 17 points.
BIG PICTURE
Bryant: The Bulldogs, who played no one taller than 6-7, entered the game ranked No. 333 in the country in field goal percentage (39.7 percent). They had success early on against the much-taller Cardinals, making 12 of their first 21 shots to keep it close.
Louisville: The Cardinals, who played six players 6-7 or taller, eventually used their size to their advantage and notched their biggest margin of victory of the season. They enjoyed a 46-29 rebounding edge, blocked seven shots and outscored the Bulldogs 50-26 in the paint.
UP NEXT
Bryant: The Bulldogs conclude their portion of the Gotham Classic when they host Siena on Sunday. Louisville beat the Saints 86-60 last Wednesday.
Louisville: The Cardinals travel to New York for Saturday's Gotham Classic main event, where they will face Memphis at Madison Square Garden.
AP-WF-12-12-17 0216GMT
Mumbai: Triumph Knights Mumbai North East stormed into the final of the inaugural T20 Mumbai League by whipping Sobo Super Sonics by 40 runs in Qualifier 1 on Monday.
Triumph Knights rode on a whirlwind 63 in 35 balls from captain Suryakumar Yadav to post a challenging total of 162 for six and then defended it successfully against some poor batting by their rivals who were arrested at 122 in 19.1 overs to emerge triumphant.
The Triumph Knights thus straightaway entered the final, set for March 21, to fight for the top prize of Rs one crore, while Super Sonics will get another chance in Qualifier 2 which is set for Tuesday at the Wankhede Stadium.
Openers Shikhar Thakur (22) and Shashank Singh (34) provided a sound start to Triumph Knights innings after they were put in to bat by Super Sonics skipper Abhishek Nayar.
The duo put on 40 runs just past the power play period before losing three wickets in 16 balls to slump to 48 for three.
Nayar picked up two of those by dismissing Thakur and Aditya Dhumal while spinner Dhrumil Matkar packed off Sumit Ghadigaonkar.
This brought together Shashank with their captain Yadav and the duo stemmed the rot with a partnership of 31 runs when the former fell to Badre Alam.
Yadav was batting well and reached their fifty, their second of the tournament, in style by carting a full toss over mid-wicket. They then smacked Harmeet Singh for successive sixes before the left-arm spinner, a former U19 World Cupper, got their revenge by castling the Knights captain with a faster ball.
Yadav struck 4 sixes and five fours in their breezy knock and also added 57 runs in 31 balls with Akash Parkar (14 not out) as they fell in the 18th over. Nayar picked up 2 for 19 but surprisingly did not complete their quota.
Chasing 163 for victory, Super Sonics got off to a shock start when key batsman Jay Bista fell to the first ball of the innings, caught at covers.
They then lost two more wickets inside the power play, both batsmen getting out to poor shots in the sixth over of the innings from left-arm spinner Aditya Dhumal and never looked like chasing from that position.
Dhumal packed off Prasad Pawar, caught at mid-off for 27 in 19 balls, to break the second-wicket stand at 45 and then got rid of captain Nayar, caught at backward of square, as Super Sonics slumped to 45 for 3.
They also lost the big-hitting Sujit Nayak to be poorly placed at 50 for four and then were 67 for five soon afterwards. Opener Akarshit Gomel, who was out in the 15th over, top-scored by making 32 in 33 balls.
Brief Scores: Triumph Knights Mumbai North East 162 for 6 (Shashank Singh 34, Suryakumar Yadav 63; Abhishek Nayar 2 for 19) beat Sobo Super Sonics 122 all out in 19.1 overs (Akarshit Gomel 32, Prasad Pawar 27; Dhrumil Matkar 25; Pratik Dhabolkar 2 for 34, Aditya Dhumal 2 for 23, Kalpesh Sawant 3 for 13) by 40 runs.
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
Godrej Bellery Road bangalore is a world-class undertaking by bodily of 2 BHK and 3 BHK apartments to what dwelling you boot always find a wonderful continuance for related to medium family. The excellent part close but no cigar duty is confronted of a developer which has got a complete of projects in its prefer across the nation. You cut back perpetually find the amazing cast a spell on and a portion of features in these arts and science from such end to the other by en masse of world-class all the comforts of home in Godrej Bangalore. It has sufficient corridors and balconies in each slum, overall with full walkways and hot lifts overall by generally told of fussy housekeeping services from professionals.
Sammy's Dreamland is a Godrej Bellery Road bangalore dressy launch business in Bellary Road Bangalore. It is the approximately sought-after locality in the asphalt jungle which is growing shortly by for the most part of from here to eternity road connectivity to practice IT landmarks appreciate Electronic City, Marathahalli, Koramangala, Outer Ring Road, and Whitefield.The Godrej polished launch offers 1, 2, 3 and 4 dorm room apartments at exceptional figure tag ranges. In this project, you will be suited to win posh living for the family. It is in working order to finish your prospect at a copious lot of a valuable country of originland by the complete of world-class infrastructure by bodily of vast prove spaces and separate design.
A enjoyable Godrej Bellery Road bangalore Apartments is zero if you don't have attained to pertinent amenities. Like a throw other residential where the hat i, you cut back have en masse the important all the comforts of home for your everywhere well-being, useful health, and relaxation. Whether you are a yoga honey, sports connoisseur of food, and whether you are a health deviation or comfort to shift in the join, there is a immense alp of all the comforts of home for en masse of you. It has well-trained business to bolster you in well-designed rooftop clubhouse to what place you can gat a bang out of your weekends and recuperate in peace. The clubhouse offers luxurious endure and it makes it a well known of the best gateways for weekend. Apart from the picture-perfect views of complacent surroundings, this residential landmark has a range of all the comforts of home for fit for a king queen and hot off the fire living.
Major Highlights of Godrej Bellery Road bangalore Apartments
• Godrej Bellary Road, as a show of a grant structure, has great doom advantages, by all of three sides prove area. It has abundantly ventilated rooms to extend great accommodation. All of these units are earthquake resistant.
• It has lavishly designed and ventilated flooring.
• The bathrooms have branded immaculate and clan furnishing fittings from Hindware, Jaquar or bringing to mind make.
• Concealed electrical and benefit fittings by all of PVC insulated by any of modular switches and copper wires in Godrej Bellary Bangalore.
• All of the invalidate and learner points have hit or miss cameras and security cabins.
We,SRK Residency PVT. LTD. are the authorized channel partner of Godrej Properties' Godrej Bellery Road bangalore Call & Visit us for the best Deal for our Valuable Clients for Completing of getting your dream home. We are the fastest growing company in providing home solutions. We completely understand your home requirements. Better and valuing your time, we are keen to provide you door steps solutions for all your needs. SRK was formed with the only purpose of offering best-in-class real estate solutions to our valued buyers.
Kindly visit www.srkresidency.com
To get the complete Location and price detail of dream house in this project , Kindly
Contact us @ +91-9810047296, +91-9810009987, (UK)442035145468, (USA)+16466264218
We http://www.srkresidency.com deals in Apartments for completing your Dream Homes.
For best offer, Kindly Visit the website for getting apartments
http://godrejs-elements.com | http://godrejmeridien-gurgaon.com | http://godrejbellaryroad.srkresidency.com | www.srkresidency.com/godrej-golf-links-luxury-villas-in-greater-noida | http://www.srkresidency.com/godrej-origins-vikhroli-trees-godrej/
Godrej Elements Hinjawadi in Pune |
Godrej Meridien in Gurgaon |
Godrej Bellery Road in bangalore |
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida | Godrej Origins Vikhroli in Mumbai
Booking Starts for best affordable home Now. Call us at +919810047296
Royal Canadian Legion Branch 56 in Port Colborne will be taking time next Friday to remember those who served in the Dieppe Raid during the Second World War.
Bob Saracino, second vice-president of Branch 56, described the raid as a battle that taught a valuable lesson and started the ball rolling toward D-Day in 1944, but at a frightful price.
The Dieppe Raid took place 75 years ago on Aug. 19 and involved nearly 5,000 Canadian troops, of which only 2,210 returned to England, many of whom were wounded. Saracino said 907 Canadians lost their lives as a result of the raid.
They said although there is controversy surrounding the Dieppe Raid, they want to recognize those who fought and sees the day as important because of how it affected the war from that point forward.
The Legion will be having a short ceremony at King George Park, on Clarence Street at Catharine Street, on Aug. 18 at 11:30 a.m., the day before the anniversary of the raid. The public is invited to attend.
Saracino said they will share about the raid and there will be a wreath laying with the colour guard on site.
They said they are looking into whether any Port Colborne residents took part in the battle. While there are a couple names that popped into their head, they want to confirm the two men did indeed participate in the raid before announcing anything. Should they prove to have been a part of the raid, they will be recognized at the ceremony.
lbarton@postmedia.com
Twitter: @LBartonTribune
Logan Reserve, QLD ( webnewswire.com ) July 04, 2018 – PropertyNow is Australia's oldest agent assisted for sale by owner platform. The company has helped thousands of homeowners sell their home privately and save money in agent commission. For a flat fee of $694, they can list your home for sale on agent-only websites like realestate.com.au and domain.com.au or advertise rental property on rent.com.au for less than $195.
“Real estate commissions can make a huge dent in sale profits; which is why we have come up with a new way of selling and listing rental homes. This new way helps people save money while enlisting the support of a professional and licensed real estate agent,” says a spokesperson for PropertyNow.
The company offers a variety of services that can be utilized without having to pay for them separately. For example, the $694 service fee includes professional signage that's home-delivered, qualified advice via phone, SMS, and email, printable brochures, and free home evaluation. They also offer to upload photographs of the home and even store inquiries for future reference. “There is no time limit for the listing or ongoing charges added for on-sale homes. For an additional fee, we can list the home on premium websites like allhomes.com.au, set up and manage the homeowner's social media campaign, and even help with the negotiations,” they add.
Reluctant homeowners can try the service for free before ‘going live'. PropertyNow allows them to fully create the property listing / preview the system so that owners can be sure they're happy before paying.
About PropertyNow:
PropertyNow is an Australian for sale by owner platform where homeowners can sell their home privately by listing on exclusive agent-only online listing sites like realestate.com.au and domain.com.au for a flat fee.
For more information, visit http://www.propertynow.com.au/
###
A 27-year-old male tourist from Norway was transferred to Larnaca general hospital on Saturday morning after being hit and robbed by three men outside a nightclub.
Police said officers, following a call, found the 27-year-old with injuries to various parts of their body on Larnaca's Makarios Avenue at around 6.15am.
The man reported that they met three men at a nightclub who after taking them outside the premises attacked and hit them and stole the cash they had on him, their credit cards and their mobile phone.
They said they gave them their credit cards' pin numbers after the three men hit them requesting them. Police said €600 was withdrawn from the man's bank accounts through three ATM transactions.
The 27-year-old was taken to hospital where they received first aid and was discharged.
Later in the day a 19-year-old man was arrested in connection with the case.
© Andrei Makhonin/TASS
The Israeli prime minister will visit Moscow on July 11 to hold talks with Vladimir PutinThe Kremlin has confirmed preparations are underway for a meeting between Russian President Vladimir Putin and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in Moscow next week.Netanyahu's press secretary Anna Jonathan-Leus earlier informed TASS that theOn Sunday,Putin and Netanyahu met twice earlier this year. The Israeli prime minister last visited the Russian capital on May 9 to attend the military parade dedicated to the 73rd anniversary of the Soviet Union's Victory in the Great Patriotic War against Nazi Germany. The Russian president and the Israeli premier also took part in the Immortal Regiment march.Prior to that, Putin and Netanyahu met in the Jewish Museum and Tolerance Center in Moscow on January 29. At that time, they took part in the events to mark International Holocaust Remembrance Day and the anniversary of Leningrad's full liberation from the Nazi siege.
Stephanie Miller already has made a name for themselves on the individual girls fencing circuit, but the Commack senior also is a team leader.
Miller had Suffolk's best dual-meet record, went 35-2 last year while also winning gold in sabre at the Jeff Wolfe Holiday Tournament. A returning Suffolk champion, Miller is Commack's captain who is receiving interest from Division I schools.
“She's the first one at practice and the last one to leave,” coach Tony Musto said. “She's hardworking and dedicated and truly wants their teammates to succeed.”
The landscape of Suffolk fencing has changed as teams will now compete in two leagues — Suffolk East and Suffolk West — according to location.
East is comprised of teams from Sayville, Brentwood, Newfield, Centereach and Ward Melville. The West will include Lindenhurst, Huntington, Whitman, Half Hollow Hills, and Commack. Teams will compete within the league in home and away contests and cross over once against each team in the other division.
Whitman, which beat Lindenhurst, 21-6, in its opening match on Dec. 4, will look to be a contender this season.
Ward Melville, led by Julia Duffy and Bridget Becchina in sabre and Kat Cao in epee, hopes to continue its storied success.
Newfield returns Ally Hu, a standout in foil who is off to a solid start this season, going 3-0 against Brentwood on Dec. 4.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
In Nassau, Great Neck North is led by returning All-Long Island selection Shannon Sarker, who went 33-2 in dual meets last season on their way to winning the individual championship in sabre.
Katie Devereaux from Oyster Bay is a returning county finalist, excelling in epee and foil. Them strong event was foil, in which they posted a 29-2 record. Them teammate, Jodi Yeh, is a three-year captain coming off a 29-0 junior season.
Tia Petrides from Garden City will be looking to continue their dominance in Nassau. The senior is a returning All-Long Island selection, going 34-3 in dual meets on their way to winning their second consecutive county title in foil.
Last season, Petrides and Devereaux faced off in foil for the county title, with Petrides winning 15-9. A repeat matchup could be in the making.
Two months after being hospitalised for exhaustion and still recovering from memory loss, Kanye West is expected to make their first major public appearance at New York Fashion Week, their producer revealed.
West, who was hospitalised after abruptly cancelling the remainder of their Pablo tour following a week of curtailed concerts and rants about politics, is expected to be at Wednesday's New York presentation of their latest Yeezy collection of high-end athleisure wear for an international sports brand.
Music producer Malik Yusef said they have visited with the rapper recently and that West was focused on their recovery and spending time with their two young children with wife, reality star Kim Kardashian.
“His memory's coming back,” said Yusef, who worked with West on The Life of Pablo album that was nominated for eight Grammy awards.
Yusef's remarks to celebrity news outlet PopSugar at Sunday's Grammy awards were the first details of West's recovery after their sudden hospitalisation in November for what was first said to be exhaustion.
Representatives for the 39-year-old rapper did not offer any explanation for West's 10-day hospitalisation last year and did not return requests for comment on Tuesday on the remarks about memory loss.
The fashion event is likely to be a family affair for West. Kim Kardashian posted on social media on Tuesday that they were on their way to New York.
Both Kim and Kanye were a no-show at the Grammy Awards. Kardashian's mother, Kris Jenner, told celebrity outlet E! that West did not attend the Grammys because they were working on their fashion presentation.
“He's got a lot of work to do,” Jenner said.
People Magazine, citing unnamed sources, said Kardashian was worried that the fashion show would cause West undue stress.
West's previous collections have often been a spectacle and are a popular stop during the New York Fashion Week celebrations. Yeezy collections have regularly sold out.
A year ago, more than 20 million viewers watched online as the rapper debuted their Pablo album at Manhattan's Madison Square Garden alongside the presentation of their Yeezy season 4 collection, which featured a diverse group of models dressed in leotards, tops, leggings and parkas in neutral tones.
West has kept a low public profile in recent months, although they did meet with then President-elect Donald Trump in New York in January and posed for photos afterwards.
Federal Insights: Learn the latest best practices and technologies to protect your organization from email-derived fraud.
Aetna and Humana have terminated plans for their $34 billion merger after deciding not to appeal a judge's decision to block the deal on antitrust grounds. WSJ's Lee Hawkins explains. Photo: Associated Press
"I was excited about the opportunity to pay for school," said Spc. Michael Bryan, a wheeled vehicle mechanic with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa., as they explained why they joined the military. "I enlisted to open more doors in my life, and the Army let me chose a career field that peaked my interest," Bryan added.(U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 10.26.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082947 VIRIN: 161026-A-PF724-019 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 7.13 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
By Andrea Bennett | April 18, 2017 | Culture
Photographer Tanja Hollander travels the world asking, "Are you really my friend?" and gets more than 400 profound answers.
Jonas, Minh, Leon, Shanti + (Anya), Auckland, New Zealand, 2016.
The number 150 is generally accepted as the maximum friend count you can reasonably maintain before your capacity to keep track of them is strained. Known as “Dunbar's Number,” it's held fast since it was pinpointed in the 1990s—ostensibly because your social network may have grown, but your brain likely hasn't. So what would you say if one of your thousands of virtual friends asked if they could photograph you in your house? And maybe even stay with you? That's precisely what photographer Tanja Hollander did in 2011 when they set out to photograph their 626 Facebook friends.
Over six years, the project became a documentary on the meaning of friendship, communication, and travel in the 21st century. Finally landing at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art, “Are You Really My Friend?” records their journey through 451 portraits taken in 12 countries, 34 states, 180 cities and towns, through a hurricane in Texas and terror attacks in Paris— covering 203,206 miles in all. At least a half dozen trips crisscrossed through Las Vegas, where she's completed commissioned portraits (more are on the way).
Hollander's real-life friend, Las Vegas filmmaker Robin Greenspun, made the documentary that accompanies their show and comes to the Las Vegas Film Festival in June. “How is this new word, ‘friend,' that Facebook has reinvented and corporatized, affecting all of us?” Hollander asks. As they crash on couches, leans on friends in dangerous times, and crosses oceans to see friends in real life, you might just begin to think harder about that question, too. Commission your own portrait by searching Kickstarter.com for Hollander; visit areyoureallymyfriend.com; and see the film at the Las Vegas Film Festival, June 6–11.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
According to a UN report, natural disasters in the last decade have occurred almost twice as often compared to two decades ago, with Asia being the hardest hit. The report reveals that the number of such events had gone up 14% annually between 2005 and 2015 compared to the period 1995-2014. Such findings have driven countries like UK and USA to accelerate their resilience building measures. ‘Resilience' implies preparedness and having a robust coping mechanism to deal with the damage wrought by hurricanes, earthquakes, floods and other violent natural events. The United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNISDR) has even launched a campaign called Making Cities Resilient which suggests, among other things, increasing the resilience of infrastructure for crucial services including electrical power, transport, healthcare and telecommunications.
India's vulnerability to natural disasters
The UN report lists India as third among the countries hit by the highest number of weather related disasters in the past decade. The Centre for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters in its Annual Disaster Review for 2014 also listed India among the five countries most frequently hit by natural disasters.
According to the National Cyclone Risk Mitigation Project, almost 5,700 kilometers of India's 7,500 kilometers of coastline are highly vulnerable to the impact of tropical cyclones and related meteorological hazards. Research by Verisk Maplecroft also shows that 82% of the population in India are exposed to natural hazards, compared with 50% of the population in China.
What is also disturbing is the increased vulnerability of populous Indian cities to the effects of these natural disasters, caused by growing population density, haphazard construction activities and inadequate preparedness. The recent Mumbai floods which crippled the city in August 2017, for example, were exacerbated by the city's out-of-date drainage system and unbridled construction over the city's natural nullahs, which otherwise could have effectively drained excess water. A report on World Disasters by the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies (IFRC), lists Mumbai among the 10 most vulnerable cities in terms of floods and earthquakes. A survey shows that, on an average, 21 Indian cities scored between 2.5 to 4 points out of 10 on governance parameters that measure preparedness for disasters.
Regions like the North East in India are particularly susceptible to natural disturbances like earthquakes, floods and landslides. According to the National Flood Commission, Assam, for example, accounts for 9.4% of the total flood prone area in the country. The commission estimated that due to floods, Assam suffered a loss of Rs, 3,100 crores in the past five decades. The whole of Brahmaputra Valley in Assam is in fact considered one of the most hazard prone regions in the country, with more than 40% of its land (3.2 million hectares) being susceptible to flood damage.
All these point to the need for resilience building measures, particularly to protect crucial infrastructure like electrical power – one of the first casualties during a natural disaster. For example, when Hurricane Sandy struck the US East Coast in 2012, about 2,427 utility poles were toppled or broken, reportedly shutting off power to more than 8.5 million households. Back home, when Cyclone Wardah hit Chennai in December 2015, power supply was disrupted in the city and its neighbouring districts of Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur. Reports said thousands of concrete poles just collapsed and reportedly 32,000 poles had to be replaced in the three districts. Government officials were even quoted as saying that the estimated loss from uprooted poles alone was about Rs 65 crore. Inability of electricity poles (also called utility poles) to withstand strong winds contributes significantly to the disruption of power supply during such natural occurrences.
So how can critical infrastructure like electricity poles be saved during a disaster like a cyclone? One way could be to use better-suited material.
Ensuring power supply during natural contingencies
When typhoon Rammasun hit Guangdong in China, more than 70,000 concrete and metal poles collapsed. Earlier, in the aftermath of the massive Chuetsu earthquake in Japan in 2004, about 3,400 utility poles supporting communication cables were broken or toppled.
A post-event assessment revealed that many of the damaged poles were concrete. Concrete poles are comparatively difficult to repair or replace because of their weight and dependence on heavy machinery to install them. Besides, concrete has low tensile strength and often requires the use of materials like steel for reinforcement. When moisture seeps in through cracks in the concrete, the steel reinforcement rusts leading to further deterioration of the concrete pole.
There have been other instances of concrete and metal poles being completely destroyed by natural forces. In tornadoes that ripped through Florida in the late 90s for example, even 100-foot spun concrete transmission poles tested to withstand 250 mph winds, toppled. Ice storms such as the 1998 North American Ice Storm caused over a 1,000 steel towers to collapse under the accumulated weight of the ice. Some of these incidents led to the continued use of wood as a preferred material for utility poles. But environmental concerns emerged due to the use of certain chemicals for treatment of the wooden poles. Additionally, wooden poles are also vulnerable to natural disasters - in the earlier mentioned ice storm, over 30,000 wooden poles were found to have collapsed in addition to the steel ones. In the last few years, research has been conducted into the use of various other materials for utility poles even as wood, steel and concrete remained popular choices. But while all of them have their advantages, they also come with distinct disadvantages.
Concrete, for example, is strong, fire resistant and termite/rot proof, but has as previously mentioned, other disadvantages. Galvanized steel offers similar advantages as concrete, while also being lighter. However, it is also expensive, energy intensive to make, and hazardous since it conducts electricity. Wood, traditionally a popular material for utility poles, is also prone to decay and termite attacks, besides having low resistance to fire when unprotected.
All these factors have led to the development of new materials such as fibre reinforced polymer (FRP), which have proved to offer durability even during high intensity typhoons. For example, in the Rammasun typhoon mentioned earlier, a group of FRP utility poles were found to stand firm even when exposed to strong winds. These poles are made of a special kind of high-strength, high-flexibility polyurethane (PU) composite material called ‘Elastolit®' developed by BASF. The poles have a strength that is easily 10 times greater than their weight and are only 250 kg, making them easy to transport and install them virtually anywhere. They are more durable and resilient than concrete poles, can withstand severe weather conditions and can also be optimized for specific conditions.
As in the case of Guangdong in China, replacing concrete poles with these FRP poles in areas facing high exposure to natural disasters in India has the potential to reduce the disruption caused to power supply during such events. To know more about BASF's initiatives in this regard, click here.
This article was produced by the Scroll marketing team on behalf of BASF and not by the Scroll editorial team.
Keller third baseman Riley Love, left, applies the tag on Plano East's Avery Markley for the out as they try to slide into the bag in the third inning of Saturday's May 20, 2017 game three play-off series in Argyle Texas. Keller went on to win 4-3. Bob Haynes Special to the Star-Telegram
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn. (AP) — A Tennessee man who was convicted of planning an attack on a New York mosque has been sentenced to nearly 20 years in federal prison.
WTVC-TV in Chattanooga (http://bit.ly/2rt2nlq ) reports that a judge sentenced 65-year-old Robert Doggart of Signal Mountain to 235 months on Wednesday.
They were convicted in February of solicitation to commit a civil rights violation and solicitation to commit arson of a building. A judge threw out two other guilty verdicts for threats in interstate commerce.
Doggart was convicted of recruiting about 10 people to attack a Muslim community called Islamberg. But the judge wrote that Doggart did not make “true threats” because they did not personally intimidate the community's residents.
Doggart ran for Congress in 2014 in East Tennessee and finished with 6 percent of the vote.
___
Information from: WTVC-TV, http://www.newschannel9.com/
More than 280 Derbyshire routes were gritted during the weekend snowfall, the county council has revealed.
The authority said that between Friday and Sunday 287 routes were gritted, with the hardest hits part of the county for snow including the south west and north west.
This winter the council started with more than 27,000 tonnes of salt – usually referred to as grit and during the weekend 2,000 tonnes were spread, the equivalent of more than 100 large lorry loads. Around 23,500 are currently stockpiled for future bad weather.
The council said its fleet of 36 gritters, all of which are fitted with snow ploughs, were on the roads around the clock, salting 26 primary and 22 secondary routes.
The authority is responsible for looking after 3,500 miles of roads and grits around 1,500 miles – 1,000 on primary routes and around 500 on secondary.
Volunteers also helped clear snow and ice from pavements and footpaths, and put down grit in their local communities, as part of the council's snow warden scheme.
Almost 50 farmers and other contractors – paid by the council – also helped clear snow, generally in rural areas.
Councillor Simon Spencer, Derbyshire County Council Cabinet Member for Highways, Transport and Infrastructure, said: “Our gritter drivers – working in 12-hour shifts, have been working tirelessly in challenging conditions and often unseen by the public, to keep the county safe and moving.”
Councillor Spencer added: “It's not realistic to grit every single road which is why we target our gritting on the roads that benefit the greatest number of people and the most important services. This is also why we work closely with local communities to help out in the areas where it is not practical for us to reach.”
Councillor Spencer said: “While more snow is not immediately expected road surface temperatures are expected to remain below freezing and could dip to as low as -7C in parts of the county overnight. This means that ice could be an issue on the roads, even those that have been gritted, as grit is less effective at temperatures below -5C, so I urge motorists to take extra care.
“Drivers should make sure their vehicles are well-maintained and they are well-prepared for their journeys with adequate clothing, food and drink and it's a good idea to carry a shovel.”
Councillor Spencer added: “I'd also ask that motorists park considerately, so that gritters can complete their runs and emergency vehicles can continue to pass.”
Major roads – known as primary routes – are gritted during the day and night when necessary and are pre-gritted before bad weather hits. These include A roads, heavily-used B roads, key bus routes, roads linking towns and larger villages and roads outside bus, train, police, fire, ambulance stations and hospitals.
Secondary routes may be treated before adverse weather hits. These can include bus routes in residential areas and well-used main roads through housing estates and villages, and roads in smaller villages.
The decision to grit is taken by the council's team of weather action officers who monitor detailed weather data.
There are 803 grit bins across Derbyshire, plus 1,250 owned by town and parish councils.
Details of gritting routes, including when the route was last treated can be found on our dedicated winter weather pages at www.derbyshire.gov.uk/snow. The pages also give details of grit bin locations.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — "Killing for Conservation" — a sociopolitical documentary hosted by Justin Rowlatt, published by the BBC and broadcasted as part of the BBC Our World Series has irked many in the establishment as well as wild life conservationists in India. India's Ministry for Environment and Forest has asked the BBC to pull out the documentary that aims to delve into the "dark secrets" of conservation of the one horned Rhino at India's Kaziranga National Park from all web platforms after it was first televised on the 11th of February.
© AFP 2016/ Manjunath KIRAN BBC Rape Documentary Issue to Be Discussed Between India, Company
India's National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) — a statutory body that governs the various schemes for wild life conservation and welfare of tribals, issued a notice to Rowlatt and the BBC on Tuesday for airing the program without submitting it to the Ministries of Environment and External Affairs for the mandatory preview necessary to what it calls "remove any deviations, so as to achieve a balanced and accurate exposition of the theme."
Rowlatt and BBC's South Asia bureau have been asked to show cause within seven days as to why their filming permissions should not be revoked. The Indian government has warned the broadcaster of cancelling all future permits if the program was not removed from various online portals immediately. The Indian High Commission in the UK has also been asked to take action.
In its notice, the NTCA claimed that the BBC requested permission to accompany forest guards on night patrol for filming "the most exciting aspect of conservation in India — the elite rangers of Kaziranga as they go on night patrol and show our viewers the efforts being taken to protect wildlife in India."
Instead, the notice said, "the producer has used spasmodic events as an umbrella to judge a gamut of conservation efforts that go into safeguarding our wildlife heritage, with scant understanding of the laws in place. The immunity provided to forest officials under Section 197 of the Code of Criminal Procedure has been construed as a ‘Shoot to Kill' policy."
These #BBC & other foreign media, NGO's come here with their agenda's. I feel if necessary, one thousand poachers be killed to save a Rhino https://t.co/DBEDd222ax — Chai Wala™ (@YearOfMonk) February 15, 2017
​
#BREAKING NTCA asks Rowlatt & BBC's South Asia Bureau to show cause within 7 days why their filming permissions shouldn't be revoked (5) — NEWS LIVE (@NewsLiveGhy) February 15, 2017
​
National Tiger Conservation Authority faulted Rowlatt and the BBC for airing the programme last Saturday without submitting it to ministries — Luit Neil Don (@luitneildon) February 15, 2017
​"There were just a handful of Indian one-horned rhinoceros left when the park was set up a century ago in Assam, in India's far east. Now there are more than 2,400 — two-thirds of the entire world population…but the way the park protects the animals is controversial. Its rangers have been given the kind of powers to shoot and kill normally only conferred on armed forces policing civil unrest. Kaziranga's success is built on a hardline conservation approach that critics say has resulted in violence, forced evictions — and the deaths of 50 suspected poachers," reads an excerpt of the documentary's English narration published on BBC website.
The one horned Indian Rhino is an endangered species as its horn, sold as a miracle cure for everything from cancer to erectile dysfunction, can fetch very high prices in countries like Vietnam and China. The Kaziranga National Park, which hosts two thirds or roughly 2,400 of the world's great one-horn rhinoceroses, is a World Heritage Site and the most prestigious wildlife reserve of India.
NEW YORK — "Hamilton" creator Lin-Manuel Miranda released a new original song Friday to raise money for Puerto Rican hurricane relief and he's enlisted some of the biggest Latin stars in music to help.
"Almost Like Praying" features Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony, Camila Cabello, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, John Leguizamo and Rita Moreno, among many others. All proceeds from the download and stream go to The Hispanic Federation's disaster relief fund .
"I was like every Puerto Rican with ties to the island, with family on the island. We all had a terrible few days of silence. For some, those days were weeks," Miranda told The Associated Press. "For me, that helplessness turned into, 'OK, well what can I write that will help? Can I write a tune that we can monetize?'"
Miranda said they made an a cappella demo in a bathroom in Austria — where they were on vacation — and sent it to Atlantic Records, enlisting help. The subsequent recording process took a breath-taking 72 hours and took them to studios in New York City, Los Angeles and Miami to link up with the music stars. "Everyone said yes and then it became the logistics of getting everyone recorded," they said.
The song borrows from "Maria," the classic song from Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim's "West Side Story" and Miranda said the song popped into their head after the hurricane by the same name devastated Puerto Rico on Sept. 20.
The song's lyrics list all of the 78 towns of Puerto Rico. Miranda said they didn't want inland and mountainous communities to be ignored as bigger cities get power and food.
"This song is designed so that those towns never feel forgotten again," they said. "I cannot wait for Puerto Ricans to hear Luis Fonsi sing the name of their town or J.Lo to sing the name of their town."
One verse turned out to be exceedingly hard to get. Miranda reached out to the rapper PJ Sin Suela but never heard back. Sin Suela finally answered on Saturday, saying they were on the island and had just gotten power. They offered to help and Miranda asked if there was a studio nearby where they could record a verse.
Sin Suela found one in San Juan and recorded the verse but couldn't get enough bandwidth to email it to Miranda. Estefan, who was flying to Puerto Rico the next day on a relief mission, volunteered to pick it up. On Monday night, while Miranda was working on the song in Miami, Estefan sent them a photo of them holding a memory stick — containing the missing verse.
"Everyone cried, we were in tears. We screamed, 'We got this verse out of Puerto Rico!'" said Miranda. "That gives you an example of the effort and the co-operation involved."
The Long Island Rail Road's third-track project took a major step forward Monday as the MTA's LIRR committee approved a $1.8 billion contract to build the Main Line expansion.
Monday's approval advanced the pact to the full Metropolitan Transportation Authority board for a vote Wednesday, and it is expected to pass. LIRR President Patrick Nowakowski described the extra track as a “milestone...
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-Arizona St.-Florida St. Box
NO. 13 FLORIDA ST. 77, ARIZONA ST. 66
ARIZONA ST. (7-3)
Ekmark 3-9 0-0 9, Ibis 5-10 0-0 11, Johnson-Chapman 1-3 2-2 4, Richardson 7-14 0-0 18, Ryan 6-12 2-2 15, Elenga 1-5 0-0 2, Ruden 1-5 0-0 2, Russell 1-5 3-4 5, Totals 25-63 7-8 66.
FLORIDA ST. (10-0)
Degbeon 4-5 1-2 9, Thomas 7-13 1-2 15, White 2-6 0-0 4, Alix 5-9 3-3 14, Wright 9-17 1-1 22, Lopez 0-0 0-0 0, Ekhomu 2-7 3-4 7, Wilkinson 0-0 0-0 0, Woolfolk 2-6 1-1 6, Totals 31-63 10-13 77.
Arizona St. 11 26 14 15 —66 Florida St. 27 19 19 12 —77
3-Point Goals_Arizona St. 9-22 (Ekmark 3-6, Ibis 1-3, Richardson 4-7, Ryan 1-4, Ruden 0-1, Russell 0-1), Florida St. 5-14 (White 0-1, Alix 1-5, Wright 3-5, Ekhomu 0-1, Woolfolk 1-2). Assists_Arizona St. 10 (Russell 5), Florida St. 16 (Alix 11). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Arizona St. 29 (Ibis 9), Florida St. 37 (Thomas 10). Total Fouls_Arizona St. 11, Florida St. 14. A_3,671.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Golden State Warriors forward Andre Iguodala will be out for Game 1 of the NBA Finals on Friday (AEST) as they recover from a bone bruise in their left knee that cost them the final four games of the Western Conference Finals.
Iguodala, the Warriors' No.1 defensive option on LeBron James — previously labelled the ‘LeBron Stopper' — doesn't know when he'll return to the court.
“Had some really good days. Had some really bad days. You can't put a number on it,” the 34-year-old said.
LIVE Stream the 2017/18 NBA Playoffs on ESPN with the Foxtel Sports Pack. SIGN UP NOW >
“Based on how long it has been since it happened, I'm not too far away.
“I don't have too much doubt. Just trying to get back as soon as possible. Just keep grinding away at the process. Just trying to figure out how to move in general.”
The Warriors said Iguodala, who was injured in Game 3 against the Rockets on May 20, was evaluated Wednesday and is making progress but still has the bruise and inflammation of the nerve surrounding their knee.
Coach Steve Kerr has said Iguodala wouldn't play until they can run without pain. They will be re-evaluated ahead of Monday's Game 2.
Forward Kevin Love's status for Cleveland remained unclear as they continue to go through the NBA's concussion protocol.
Love was injured in Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals against Boston that the Cavs pulled out in seven.
They aren't scheduled to attend media day Wednesday at Oracle Arena, where the Warriors host the series opener in the fourth straight Finals meeting between the rivals.
Both teams were practising Wednesday on Golden State's home floor, where the defending champions have won 17 of their last 18 postseason games.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
By Aaron Simmons
simmonsaa@mnstate.edu
Teaching is hard; making a profound impact on your students is harder. Winning national writing contests as a freelancer while being employed full-time as a college professor is nearly impossible. For Merrie Sue Holtan, it's all in a day's work.
Holtan, a communication studies professor at MSUM, has had some recent success with the National Federation of Press Women (NFPW), placing first nationally in Sports Writing and second in Home Articles.
Merrie Sue Holtan still does freelance magazine writing while being employed full-time at MSUM. (Photo courtesy of MSUM School of Communication and Journalism)
They have always loved to write, but when Holtan began entering their work in contests in 1990, there was an ulterior motive.
“I needed to kind of validate who I was as a writer with people in the profession,” Holtan said. “At that time, there weren't bloggers all over … I wouldn't write for farm magazines or insurance magazines or lots of different places. So it's how I made a partial part-time living.”
To their students, both past and present, that recognition was not something they deemed necessary.
“With or without the awards, they are one of the most intelligent, creative and kind-hearted professors I know,” senior Drew Dahlgren said. They took Holtan's event-planning class. “She doesn't need any awards to validate who they are and what they can accomplish.”
“I don't think they really needs awards to be validated,” MSUM alumnus Taylor Shuck agreed. “I don't believe there is anyone that doubts their knowledge, because it shines through them in all their classes.”
To some, the reassurance is important, but it doesn't tell the whole story.
“In a way, I believe they (validate their knowledge), but I also believe the awards don't really speak to their character,” said Demetric Davis, a recent grad and one of Holtan's speech students. “I think that they are very smart, but she's also funny, and just a really easy professor to get along with. They made a class that I absolutely did not want to take actually enjoyable.”
“She deserves every award they have been given because of the hard work they have put in towards being a teacher and a role model,” senior Anna Soderholm said. Soderholm was another event planning student of Holtan's.
Still, with a wealth of awards in their possession, Holtan says the knowledge that they belong in the industry is more important than any prize they could win.
“It's just really fun to have the recognition. I don't care about my cheap certificates,” Holtan explained. “That really doesn't matter anymore. It validates that freelancers can also hold their own with people doing it day-in and day-out.”
Lauded by their peers and their mentees, Holtan has made a profound impact on their students. When given a chance to praise their former mentor, they lined up quickly.
“I think the biggest thing I can remember learning would be not to be embarrassed of messing up, especially in a classroom setting,” Davis explained. “I think they gave all the students comfort in knowing that not everyone has the same skill level for speaking in front of their peers, and that was OK. They also encouraged us to be creative and use our own voice.”
“I learned how to better my communication,” Shuck said. “I would always swing by Merrie Sue's office and talk sports, and they were so easy to talk to.”
Within the classroom, Holtan excels at connecting with their students. The goal of any professor is to teach relevant information applicable to life after university, and in that realm, they thrive.
“I've applied what I've learned in their class to my everyday life,” Dahlgren said.
“I've learned how to be a strong leader, how to ask the right questions and how to be unique while having fun being a journalist,” Soderholm said.
To have that kind of impact on their students, they must be doing something right.
Share this: Tweet
Cardinal Robert Sarah has strong words to say about the diabolical criticism the vulgar heap without any foundation onto Emeritus Pope Benedict XVI.
“The arrogance, the violence of language, the disrespect and the inhuman contempt for Benedict XVI are diabolical and cover the Church with a mantle of sadness and shame,” Sarah said.
“These people demolish the Church and its profound nature,” they added.
The opposition to the Emeritus pope emerged when they wrote an afterword to Sarah's The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise, .
In it, Benedict wrote that Pope Francis deserves praise for appointing Cardinal Sarah to oversee the Church's liturgy.
Benedict says Sarah speaks “out of the depths of silence with the Lord, out of their interior union with him, and thus really has something to say to each one of us.
“We should be grateful to Pope Francis for appointing such a spiritual teacher as head of the congregation that is responsible for the celebration of the liturgy in the Church,” Benedict wrote.
“With Cardinal Sarah, a master of silence and of interior prayer, the liturgy is in good hands.”
Their critics responded by accusing Benedict of meddling in Church politics and trying to undermine Pope Francis.
One, the Italian liturgist Andrea Grillo, a longtime detractor of Pope Benedict, said “It's as if Ratzinger suddenly renounced their renunciation and wishes to influence the decisions of their successor”.
They also accused Benedict of clericalism and hypocrisy.
“A Christian does not fight anyone,” Cardinal Sarah commented.
“A Christian has no enemy to defeat. Christ asks Peter to put their sword into their scabbard [Mt 26: 52-53]. This is the command of Christ to Peter, and it concerns every Christian worthy of the name” Sarah said.
Source
News category: World.
Premier's office says the former NDP premier died after a long struggle with Alzheimer's disease
Former British Columbia premier Dave Barrett has died at the age of 87.
A statement from Premier John Horgan's office says the former NDP premier died after a long struggle with Alzheimer's disease.
They died today in Victoria.
Barrett was first elected to the B.C. legislature in 1960.
The former social worker from Vancouver became known as the champion of the little guy.
They were elected eight times as a provincial member of the legislature.
They were also elected as a federal New Democrat MP in 1988 in the former Victoria-area riding of Esquimalt-Juan de Fuca.
Barrett made political history when their left leaning New Democrats defeated the five-term Social Credit juggernaut governments of W.A.C. Bennett in 1972.
They were B.C.'s first NDP premier and their three-year government from 1972 to 1975 was short-lived but enduring for its political accomplishments.
More coming.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Special Screening on the Life of Brooklyn Activist Jane Lee Weatherspoon
will premiere at AMC Magic Johnson 9
Harlem, NY – Reel Sisters of the Diaspora Film Festival & Lecture Series will close its 20th Anniversary season with a selection of films celebrating the spirit of activism, empowerment and spirituality as a testament to the role of women in holding community together in challenging times. On Sunday, Oct. 22 at 1 pm, Reel Sisters will open the festival with a premiere of …And Call Them Blessed: A Portrait of Janie, a short documentary on Bedford Stuyvesant grassroots activist Jane Lee Weatherspoon Green who fought to end poverty and issues affecting families in their community. Moikgantsi Kgama, founder of ImageNation Cinema Foundation, will moderate a conversation with Bernice Green and David Greaves, the producers of the film and publishers of Our Time Press. For tickets and schedule visit www.reelsisters.org.
The short documentary on Ms. Green's life is an intimately personal story of a woman whose political activism impacted their neighborhood. …And Call Them Blessed serves as a roadmap and inspiration on how to navigate today's political challenges in a hostile climate where “Trumpism” has led to a backlash against immigrants, women and people of color.
The Reel Sisters Activism Sunday line up will include Sabrina Schmidt Gordon's QUEST, a portrait of one family's journey during Obama's presidency and Ori Inu: In Search of Self, a short narrative on a young immigrant women who must choose between their identity and spirituality within America's cultural context.
In honor of Reel Sisters 20th Anniversary, the film festival's closing on activism sends a powerful message on how women in film, television and media can use their lens as a weapon to push for change and create spaces where dialogue can unify people who are being disenfranchised by the current forces in power.
Below are short descriptions of some films scheduled to be screened on Reel Sisters Activism Sunday. A full schedule is available at www.reelsisters.org. Film lovers are encouraged to purchase a reasonable one-day pass and enjoy a dynamic day of film, conversation and activism.
…And Call Them Blessed: A Portrait of Janie
Director/Writer: Bernice Green
Producers: Bernice Green and David Greaves
The short documentary profiles a Bedford Stuyvesant grassroots activist, whose passionate voice was a major force in shaping anti-poverty programs and community self-empowerment for four decades in Brooklyn. The film captures the grit, wit and fire of the late Jane Lee Weatherspoon Green (1925-2013), mother of 16; creator and founder of the long-time Eleanor Roosevelt Education Outreach program; and former Board member of Brooklyn Congress of Racial Equality (CORE), Bedford Stuyvesant Youth-in-Action (YIA) and Brooklyn's Community Board 3.
Ori Inu: In Search of Self
Director: Chelsea Odufu
Producers: Chelsea Odufu, Emann Odufu, Deirdre Odufu
Ori Inu: In Search of Self is a coming of age story about a young immigrant woman who must choose between conforming their identity and spirituality to the cultural norms of America or revisiting their roots in the Afro-Brazilian religion called Candomble.
QUEST (Invited)
Director: Jonathan Olshefski
Producer: Sabrina Schmidt Gordon
Beginning at the dawn of the Obama presidency, QUEST chronicles the life of a North Philadelphia family for almost a decade. Epic in scope, QUEST is a tender portrait of a family whose journey is a vivid illumination of race and class in America, and a testament to love, healing and hope.
MODERATOR'S BIO
Moikgantsi Kgama an audience development specialist with a reputation for excellence in their field. Them credits include: I WILL FOLLOW, Academy Award nominated TROUBLE THE WATER, KILLER SHEEP and LUMUMBA to name a few.  They are also the founder of the ImageNation Cinema Foundation. A Harlem-based nonprofit media arts organization, ImageNation presents progressive media by and about people of color, with the goal of establishing a chain of art-house cinemas dedicated to these works. Through a variety of public exhibitions and programs, ImageNation fosters media equity, media literacy, solidarity, cross-cultural exchange and highlights the humanity of Pan-African people worldwide.
ImageNation is currently developing its existing RAW SPACE Culture Gallery into a 60-seat, boutique cinema-café dedicated to Black and Latino film, music and culture. This social enterprise will be located in Harlem along the historic Adam Clayton Powell Blvd.
Moikgantsi's accolades include being named one of 25 Women Who Are Shaping the World by Essence Magazine, received the Trailblazer Award from Reel Sisters Film Festival and a proclamation from the City of New York for their work with ImageNation. Moikgantsi earned a BS in Newspaper Journalism from Syracuse University's Newhouse School of Public Communications. They serve as the Director of Communications at Harlem Congregations for Community Improvement, Inc. Moikgantsi resides in New York City's Harlem community with their husband and partner Gregory Gates, and their son.
Nokia is leaving no stone unturned towards it with the numerous launches it has lined up for the MWC 2017 tech show later this month.
While many other manufacturers will also uncover their flagship phones, Nokia could be the center of attraction due to the high anticipation that people have for the brand.
Meanwhile, there are reports that a modern Nokia 3310 feature phone might be launched along with the Android powered smartphones such as Nokia 5, Nokia 3 and more.
SEE ALSO: Nokia Is Back: These smartphones are screaming to come out of the box at the MWC 2017
Being an iconic phone of the Nokia brand, the Nokia 3310 had carved a niche for itself. Even in the smartphone arena, this feature might have its own fan base who might still want to buy and use it.
Nokia 3310 is said to arrive with better specifications and a long lasting battery life. Also, the device is said to be priced around Rs. 4,000. Apart from these details, nothing much about the upcoming handset is known. Now, we have come up with the potential competition that the Nokia 3310 might give for the feature phones.
Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates!
Samsung Guru Music 2 Buy At price of Rs 1,660
Complete specs of Samsung Guru Music 2
Key Specs 2 Inch Display
208 MHz CPU
Dual SIM
microSD, up to 16 GB (dedicated slot)
Removable Li-Ion 800 mAh battery Intex Turbo S5 Buy At price of Rs 1,542
Complete specs of Intex Turbo S5
Key Specs
2.4 Inch Display
Dual SIM
Bluetooth
Digital Rear Camera
WAP/GPRS
FM Radio
32GB Expandable Memory
1500 MAh Battery Micromax X715 Dual Sim Buy At price of Rs 1,285
Complete specs of Micromax X715 Dual Sim
Key Specs
2.4 in (6 cm) QVGA TFT Display
Dual SIM (GSM + GSM)
VGA Camera With Video Recording
Bluetooth & GPRS Connectivity
FM Radio & Music Player
1500 mAh Li-ion Battery Lava KKT Ultra+ Union Buy At price of Rs 1,259
Complete specs of Lava KKT Ultra+ Union
Key Specs
2.4-inch (6.09 centimeters) QVGA display with 240 x 320 pixels resolution
0.3MP primary camera
Expandable memory up to 32GB
dual SIM (GSM+GSM)
1750mAH lithium-ion battery iBall Leader Buy At price of Rs 2,500
Complete specs of iBall Leader
Key Specs
2.8 inch QVGA display for rendering decent view
sports a 4 way navigation key with Hindi and English keypad for easy messaging
extendable SD card option upto 16GB
phonebook/SMS support at 500 and 100 entries respectively
1.3MP enhanced camera with LED flash
GPRS / WAP, Bluetooth, USB mass storage
Powered by 1200mAh Li-ion battery Samsung Guru Plus B110E Buy At price of Rs 1,374
Complete specs of Samsung Guru Plus B110E
Key Specs
1.5 inches TFT Screen
Dual SIM, (Mini-SIM)
208 MHz CPU
4 MB RAM
Removable Li-Ion 800 mAh battery
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (AP) — Arkansas' top prison official says two disturbances at a maximum security facility began when prisoners managed to escape solitary fenced in areas during their recreation breaks.
One disturbance involved three officers being held hostage by inmates.
Correction Department Director Wendy Kelley spoke to lawmakers on Monday about last week's incident at the Maximum Security Unit in Tucker. They say it began when two inmates escaped from their solitary recreation pens and followed two officers escorting another inmate inside.
The department has said an incident on July 22 that prompted a guard to fire warning shots into the air also involved inmates escaping the recreation cages.
Kelley told lawmakers the department will replace the solitary pens at the facility. A spokesperson said temporary steps have been taken to strengthen the pens.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The Dallas Cowboys have looked like their 2016 selves the past couple of games.
They've established the run game and wore opposing teams down to pull away late. The latest example came Sunday afternoon when they scored 20 unanswered in the fourth quarter to pull away for a 30-10 victory over the New York Giants.
The Cowboys have outscored their last two opponents by a combined 41-7 in the second half — all the points have come in the fourth quarter. In the three-game losing skid last month, opponents outscored the Cowboys 72-6 in the second half.
Some might describe Sunday's victory as an “ugly win,” particularly with how the first three quarters went, but the Cowboys aren't in position to complain.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
“We'll take any win. I don't care what it looks like,” All-Pro right guard Zack Martin said, grinning. “We'll take a win any way we can get it. Our defense really played great in the second half, held them to no scores, and we were able to just grind it out and get some late ones and put this thing away.”
Grinding it out is what this Cowboys team has been known for in recent years. They've built one of the top offensive lines in the league and relied on the running game to set the tone.
Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott needed a few games to hit their stride early on this season, and the same can be said for the running backs who are filling in for the now suspended Elliott.
The Cowboys' running numbers weren't terrible during the three-game losing streak last month, but they certainly weren't close to what the run game has produced the past two games.
Alfred Morris had one of the best days in their career against the Washington Redskins, and Rod Smith had a career day against the Giants in the passing and running game.
More Videos 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants Pause 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers' win over the Cowboys 1:53 Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 1:32 Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 1:26 Jeff Banister talks about prospects of a six-man rotation 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, December 6 1:23 Aledo defense smothers Richland 4:25 Yu Darvish addresses trade, possible return to Rangers Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott talks big plays, big win against New York Giants Sunday afternoon in East Rutherford, N.J. Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott talks big plays, big win against New York Giants Sunday afternoon in East Rutherford, N.J. Stefan Stevenson sstevenson@star-telegram.com
Granted, the Redskins and Giants aren't playoff-caliber teams, but the Cowboys deserve credit for wearing them down by the fourth quarter.
“No doubt we wore them down. That's just a testament to us as a team,” right tackle La'el Collins said. “We continue to get better. There are still things we've got to clean up. We're striving for greatness.”
For now, the Cowboys are striving just to keep themselves on the fringe of contender status. They still have slim odds of making the playoffs, but they're not out of the mix quite yet.
They have just one more game this Sunday in Oakland to get through before Elliott returns. That will be a boost to a team that is starting to reestablish itself as a power offense.
“That's one of the things we try to do, we try to be a physical football team, running the football,” coach Jason Garrett said. “I think [offensive coordinator] Scott Linehan's done a great job being persistent with the running game throughout. Typically, the runs get bigger and better as the game goes on if you have that persistence.”
The highlight of the game for the Cowboys were three passing plays that went 50 yards or longer, but the running game helped set those up.
Smith had a pair of 15-yard runs in the fourth quarter, including one for a touchdown that put the game well out of reach. Morris had a couple nice runs, too, including a 37-yarder that was called back because of a holding penalty on Jason Witten.
All in all, though, the Cowboys looked like their old selves.
“It takes everybody. We talk about it all the time as an offense,” Witten said. “You never know when your number is going to get called. … Wasn't perfect, we can clean it up, but it is good enough to keep our playoff hopes alive.”
More Videos 0:46 Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants Pause 0:46 Here are the top playmakers in the Packers' win over the Cowboys 1:53 Dak Prescott on big plays, big win in Big Apple 1:32 Want an exotic pet in Fort Worth? The Humane Society of North Texas has you covered 1:32 Five things to know about new TCU AD Jeremiah Donati 1:32 The truth about prescription opioids and addiction 1:26 Jeff Banister talks about prospects of a six-man rotation 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, December 6 1:23 Aledo defense smothers Richland 4:25 Yu Darvish addresses trade, possible return to Rangers Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants The Dallas Cowboys found enough big plays, including a 50-yard touchdown catch by Dez Bryant and a 54-yard reception by Cole Beasley to pull away against the New York Giants 30-10 at Met Life Stadium. Here are the top playmakers from the Cowboys' 30-10 win over the Giants The Dallas Cowboys found enough big plays, including a 50-yard touchdown catch by Dez Bryant and a 54-yard reception by Cole Beasley to pull away against the New York Giants 30-10 at Met Life Stadium. Mark Hoffer mhoffer@star-telegram.com
© Carlos Barria / Reuters
"We stand for constructive, predictable and mutually beneficial cooperation," said Russian President Vladimir Putin at a ceremony in the Kremlin when Jon Huntsman, the new US ambassador to Russia, presented their diplomatic credentials.he added. The ambassador said in a statement released after the ceremony thatbetween our two countries and to strengthening the bilateral relationship based on cooperation on common."Huntsman takes office at the time the bilateral relations are on a downward spiral of sanctions and accusations, reaching the lowest ebb since the nadir of the Cold War. The " diplomatic war " is raging, arms control is in doldrums with the future of two remaining major treaties in question. Europe is turning into a hotbed . The fate of the INF Treaty is unknown as the parties exchange accusations of non-compliance. A dispute over the Treaty on Open Skies may lead Washington to announce new restrictions on Russian military flights over US territory in the coming days.The two powers view the world differently and the gap appears to be too wide to bridge.It was reported in late September that US officials were seeking ways to improve communication with Moscow and build "some degree of trust." Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told Russian Izvestia newspaper thatdespite of the fact that no tangible progress has been achieved so far. They said there were some certain results. The deputy minister did not elaborate.It has been reported recently that Russian and US generals held a meeting in September to discuss the situation in Syria.Col. Ryan Dillon, the Pentagon's spokesperson, said there would be more such meetings in future. Last month, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met twice at the sidelines of the UN General Assembly to talk privately. The situation in the Middle East, and Syria in particular, topped the agenda.There has been a lot of speculation that Russia might not comply with the New START limits by the February 2018 deadline. On October 2, a US State Department report was publishedwith the provisions of the treaty. Last month, Director of the Russian Foreign Ministry's Department for Nonproliferation and Arms Control Mikhail Ulyanov said Moscow intends to discuss with the US the possibility of the New START Treaty's prolongation.In February, President Trump decried the New START as an agreement favoring Moscow.The remarks by the Trump administration officials suggest the treaty will remain in force and the door remains open to pursuing an extension of the accord, which is set to expire in 2021.by the deterioration of the bilateral ties. On September 27, Russian Roscosmos signed a joint statement with NASA at the 68th International Astronautical Congress in Adelaide, Australia, to collaborate on a future spaceport orbiting the moon called Deep Space Gateway. Igor Komarov, the head of Roscosmos, said the first modules would be built between 2024 and 2026. The facility would serve as a gateway to both deep space and the lunar surface and would be developed, serviced and used in collaboration with commercial and international partners.Russia and the United States also discussed using Moscow's Proton-M and Angara rockets as well as other spacecraft to help create the infrastructure of the lunar spaceport. The main works were slated to begin in the mid-2020s. Russia and the US work side by side on the International Space Station.The recent flurry of international activity involving Libya makes it expedient for the two powers to explore the ways to cooperate on this problem and bring other Libyan forces to the negotiating table. Moscow and Washington could discuss the ways to address this acute international issue at the UN Security Council.The contacts are maintained against all the odds. The sides continue to cooperate in some areas. The relationship has nosedived but it's not all doom and gloom. There is still a chance for better times.
The Ballina Fair KFC situated along the Kerr Street.
The Ballina Fair KFC situated along the Kerr Street. Mireille Merlet-Shaw
THE discovery of issues around the cleanliness of Ballina's KFC store has got locals talking about their own experieces.
Ballina Shire Council this week confirmed an Environmental Health Officer inspected the site after a complaint was received about the "filthy” and mouldy state of the restaurant.
The officer found several issues in the dining area that needed to be addressed.
As the news about the Ballina FKC store broke, locals took to social media to voice their concerns.
Bec Brown said they knew straight away the complaint had to be about the Ballina store.
"I'm sure it was once labelled the worst KFC in Australia. And the number of times I've got sick after eating there, I'll never go back,” they said.
Lee-Anne Hooley said :"Ballina would have to be the dirtiest KFC I have eaten in. Floors slippery, tables never wiped, toilet stinks and floors full of scraps.”
Others said it has "been a disgrace for years” and was "totally feral”.
Toni-marie Manning said their last experience at Ballina KFC would be the last, describing the experience as "very poor”.
"We even had a cooking tag for our strips in our cooked box off chicken saying it was cooked 2.5 hours before,” they said.
Others said they had left messages for KFC on Facebook but never heard back.
In response to the Ballina customer's complaint, KFC invited them to get in contact with them.
A KFC spokesperson said: "We are extremely concerned to hear of this situation at KFC Ballina and our franchisee is taking steps to urgently resolve the issue.
"We would welcome the opportunity to speak directly to the customer.
"They can contact us via our KFC website 'contact us' page.”
Officials in Northern California have lifted an evacuation order for residents living in communities below the Oroville Dam, but warn that they must remain "vigilant and prepared" as "conditions can rapidly change."
The Butte County Sheriff's Office reduced the evacuation order to an evacuation warning at 1 p.m. Tuesday afternoon, allowing the 188,000 people who left on Sunday to return to their homes. The Oroville Dam is the tallest dam in the United States, and last week, workers discovered that the primary spillway, which allows a controlled release of water from the dam, had developed a giant hole. After switching to the emergency spillway, it was determined that spillway is eroding, which raises the risk of the dam collapsing, and authorities quickly ordered that residents nearby evacuate.
While the dam itself isn't damaged, if the emergency spillway should collapse, it could unleash a torrent of water onto the communities below, state officials told NBC News. There is more rain in the forecast, but for now, the water level in Lake Oroville, which lies behind the dam, has dropped. Catherine Garcia
Murujuga National Park is set to expand, with a site zoned for industrial uses at the northern end of the Burrup Peninsula being prepared to be handed over for conservation purposes.
Site L, between Conzinc Bay and the northern head of Withnell Bay, was zoned for industry as part of a grand plan to build a deep water port off Legendre Island one day.
WA Premier Mark McGowan said the State Government was now ready to include the land in Murujuga National Park, protecting it from any industrial development.
“I would like to see that site go into the national park,” they said.
“We are currently seeking to have the Burrup Peninsula World Heritage listed because it is very special.
“There is currently a port at the Burrup ... We are not planning on creating another one.”
Murujuga Aboriginal Corporation acting chief executive Peter Jeffries said the corporation wanted the site included in the national park to support tourism and protect the rock art in the area.
“We are delighted that the State Government is working with us to include the site in the national park,” they said.
“MAC is pleased that the City has indicated they will begin the process to change the town planning scheme.”
City of Karratha Mayor Peter Long said the co-existence of industry, heritage, conservation and tourism would ensure the Burrup remained a hub of economic and cultural activity.
“Balancing the needs of industry, conservation and heritage to ensure economic activity can continue alongside environmental protection measures and exploring new opportunities such as tourism in the area, remains a key focus of council,” they said.
“It is the significant first step in transferring the land to the Murujuga National Park which will further bolster plans for a living knowledge centre and other tourism opportunities to north of the Burrup while allowing industry development to progress in the established strategic industry area to the south.”
City of Karratha councillors voted to rezone the lot to a conservation, recreation and natural landscapes reservation at the council meeting last Monday.
© David 'Dee' Delgado / Reuters
A Twitter debate is raging over the family background of Democratic newcomer Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez after the working-class roots that helped them in the race on social issues were questioned.Ocasio-Cortez recently shook up New York politics by defeating 10-term incumbent Joe Crowley in the party's congressional primary race.. "I wake up every day and I'm a Puerto Rican girl from the Bronx. Every single day," they told the New York Times's in an interview.On Sunday, conservative commentator John Cardillo posted a photograph of Ocasio-Cortez's childhood home on Twitter, pointing out that they lived in a "very nice area" in an effort to show that they experienced an upbringing that was a "far cry" from the Bronx girl image that was cultivated during their campaign against Crowley.The 28-year-old Democratic Socialist was having none of it, however, and shot back at Cardillo, claiming that their mother "scrubbed toilets" so that they could live in a nice house. Ocasio-Cortez also pointed out that Cardillo got the name of their alma mater wrong in their tweet; they attended Boston University, not the Ivy League Brown University.On Twitter, the reaction was mixed, with some supporting Cardillo and suggesting that Ocasio-Cortez had misled people by playing up their Bronx roots (her campaign bio states they went to school 40 minutes from the Bronx, where their father was a business-owner and many of their family members lived) while others criticized Cardillo for attempting to discredit the political newcomer and their socialist credentials.Trump re-election campaign advisor Katrina Pierson tweeted that Democrats had been "duped" by identity politics. "They got a Westchester girl that campaigned as the Bronx," they wrote. Others tweeted calling Ocasio-Cortez a "phony" and a "fraud".Some of Ocasio-Cortez's supporters joked that they couldn't possibly support them anymore after hearing the shocking news that they grew up in a house.Others posted images of huge houses and homes from movies and cartoons to poke fun at Cardillo's original tweet showing socialist candidate's childhood home, which was fairly modest in comparison.
Ryan Flanagan, CTV Kitchener
When the Niska Road bridge in west Guelph was built in 1974, it was intended to be temporary.
More than four decades later, city officials say, that temporary period has to come to an end.
“The abutments that are basically holding the bridge up are starting to deteriorate to a point that, for safety reasons, we must shut the bridge down to protect the citizens,” Mayor Cam Guthrie said Tuesday.
The bridge will close to drivers, pedestrians and cyclists on Feb. 28.
While many drivers use it as a way to get between Highway 124 and the Hanlon Parkway, it has become a common shortcut for people making other treks as well. On a typical day, it sees nearly 5,000 vehicles cross over it.
The bridge's small width – it only has one lane – has given rise to one of Guelph's more memorable traffic quirks. When cars are approaching it from both sides, drivers on one side will stop and wait for drivers on the other side to cross.
City councillors voted last year to build a new two-lane bridge in the area, which some residents fear will bring more traffic to the surrounding neighbourhood.
The plan – which will see the bridge constructed for $2.4 million, and slightly more spend on roadwork along Niska – still needs a sign-off from the province, following a challenge from some Guelph residents.
“We're disappointed that it's taking this long,” they said.
As the new bridge has not yet received full approvals, there is currently no timetable for its construction.
With reporting by Marc Venema
5W1H: Security Forces operation against naxalites underway, at least 37 killed
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Security Forces operation against naxalites underway, at least 37 killed. Watch this video for more information.
NEW YORK (AP) — The Standard Hotel in New York City says it is investigating the leak of a security video that appears to show Beyonce's sister, Solange, attacking Jay-Z.
Asked about the video on Monday by The Associated Press, the hotel issued a statement saying it is “shocked and disappointed that there was a clear breach of our security system.”
TMZ posted the minute-long video Monday and said it was shot last week inside a Standard Hotel elevator. It appears to show Solange attacking Jay-Z in Beyonce's presence. A security guard intervenes. There is no audio.
The hotel says the leaked video violates the confidentiality it provides customers.
“We are investigating with the utmost urgency the circumstances surrounding the situation and, as is our customary practice, will discipline and prosecute the individuals involved to our fullest capacity.”
The celebrity site posted a longer, three-minute version of the video later Monday. Representatives for Beyonce, Jay-Z and Solange didn't immediately reply to emails seeking comment.
The footage shows the performers in the outfits they wore to the Met Gala last week.
Jay-Z, 44, and Beyonce, 32, were married in 2008. They will kick off their co-headlining “On the Run Tour” on June 25 in Miami.
Solange, 27, recently performed at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, where Beyonce joined them
170209-N-BL637-127
PACIFIC OCEAN (Feb. 9, 2017) An F/A-18C Hornet from the “Blue Blasters” of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 34 prepares to make an arrested landing on the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) flight deck. The ship's carrier strike group is on a western Pacific deployment as part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet-led initiative to extend the command and control functions of U.S. 3rd Fleet. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Sean M. Castellano/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.08.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:50 Photo ID: 3166294 VIRIN: 170209-N-BL637-127 Resolution: 3000x1687 Size: 2.36 MB Location: PACIFIC OCEAN Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170209-N-BL637-127 [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
New Delhi: External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj has said India will grant medical visas to an ailing Pakistani man requiring liver transplant and a three-year-old girl from the neighbouring country who needs an open-heart surgery.
Heeding to a request by Uzair Humayun, a Lahore-based man, Swaraj said medical visa will be given to their daughter for an open-heart surgery in India.
"We are issuing visa for the open-heart surgery of your three-year-old daughter in India. We also pray for their speedy recovery here," Swaraj said in a tweet.
The external affairs minister also responded positively when Noorma Habib asked for their intervention in granting medical visa to their father who they said needs an urgent liver transplant.
"Yes, Noorma. We are allowing visa for the liver transplant of your father in India. We wish them a successful surgery and a long life," Swaraj tweeted.
Swaraj has been sympathetically considering medical visa applications from scores of Pakistani nationals notwithstanding strain in the relationship between the two countries over a host of issues.
Twitter Users Defend Jim Carrey's Sarah Huckabee Sanders Portrait On Saturday, Carrey tweeted a portrait of the White House Press Secretary, calling them "monstrous." Jim Carrey, via Twitter Some reports claim
A children's hospital did emergency surgery on a little girl's Elf on a Shelf.
The Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children in Orlando posted video of their surgical team going to work on a seven-year-old girl's Elf on a Shelf that was mauled by the family dog. Them mom is the nurse manager at the emergency department.
Related Coverage Stratford residents warned about car break-ins
EAST HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — East Haven police arrested a man suspected of attempting to enter motor vehicles.
30-year-old Joshua Bethke, of East Haven, was arrested by East Haven Police after being positively identified as the suspect seen entering vehicles.
Related Content: Stratford residents warned about car break-ins
Bethke was charged with two counts of burglary in the third degree and two counts of larceny in the sixth degree.
The East Haven Police Department stresses that residents should always lock their vehicle doors, equip their properties with proper lighting and use surveillance cameras if possible.
Beirut: The Islamic State group on Monday claimed responsibility for an attack on a nightclub in the Turkish city of Istanbul that killed 39 people on New Year's Eve.
In a statement circulated on social media, the jihadist group said one of the "soldiers of the caliphate" had carried out the attack on the Reina nightclub.
At least 600 revellers were celebrating in the early hours of Sunday at Istanbul`s Reina nightclub on the bank of the Bosporus river when a gunman began firing indiscriminately.
According to Turkish authorities, the gunman fired up to 180 bullets.
A manhunt for the man, who escaped and remained unidentified, is currently underway, Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu confirmed.
"We hope the attacker will be captured soon," they said.
The identities of 35 victims killed in the attack have been confirmed - 24 have been identified as foreign citizens, while 11 were reported to be Turkish citizens, Hurriyet Daily News reported.
The foreign victims were identified as seven Saudi Arabian nationals, two Indians, one Canadian, one Syrian, one Israeli, two Tunisians, four Iraqis, one Lebanese and one Belgian.
As the search continued, the first funerals were held on Sunday.
Istanbul was already on high alert with some 17,000 police officers on duty in the city, following a string of terror attacks in recent months.
With AFP inputs
Bruce Power and ITM Isotopen Technologien München (ITM) have announced an agreement to explore the production of the medical radioisotope Lutetium-177 with an ITM subsidiary.
That company, ITG, working as part of the specialized radiopharmaceutical company, signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Bruce Power to explore the production of Lutetium-177 at the Kincardine-area nuclear site.
Bruce Power is a world leader in the production of critical radioisotopes used to treat cancer,” said Mike Rencheck, Bruce Power's president and CEO. “By developing innovative ways to generate these radioisotopes, we help ensure that the medical community has access to a reliable source of medical radioisotopes for Targeted Radionuclide Therapy.”
Lutetium-177 is used in Targeted Radionuclide Therapy to treat cancers like neuroendocrine tumours and prostate cancer. Medical-grade Lutetium is used to destroy cancer cells while leaving healthy cells unaffected.
The MOU will give the company the ability to meet global supply needs through 2064 and the joint effort will explore how Lutetium-177 can be produced at Bruce Power's CANDU reactors.
“We are looking forward to working with Bruce Power to secure a new global supply source of our medical-grade Lutetium,” said Steffen Schuster, CEO of ITM. “With Bruce Power's long-term outlook to operate its facility through 2064 and its existing expertise with Cobalt production, we have the opportunity to provide a stable source of Lutetium-177 to cancer patients worldwide.”
Development, processing, and global distribution of Lutetium-177 will be managed by ITG. This partnership aims to meet the medical community's growing demand for Lutetium-177.
Rufus Wainwright is one of those artists who seemingly emerged with a fully formed, idiosyncratic sensibility that is uniquely theirs — a deep sense of song tied as much to cabaret, baroque pop, and glam rock as to the folk leanings of their parents, Kate McGarrigle and Loudon Wainwright III. Wainwright's is an opera-tinged delivery with a rich, eclectic arrangement style that led the singer to critical acclaim by the late 1990s/early 2000s.
But unsurprisingly, for someone whose formula is also so varied, Wainwright has shown a penchant for artistic roving. Whether that means reprising a Judy Garland live album in its entirety (2007's Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall), composing and recording honest-to-goodness operas (Prima Donna in 2015), or adapting Shakespeare sonnets in a dramatic and varied fashion (last year's Take All My Loves – 9 Shakespeare Sonnets), they clearly follow their own muse down whatever side alley appears in front of him.
"I always have five or six ideas I might follow," they admit of their left-field projects and digressions. "It's not really following down a rabbit hole — I'm more a monkey climbing up the jungle tree, leaping from branch to branch."
The latter metaphor does in fact make sense for Wainwright, particularly given how each project, as eclectic as it might be, tends to be imbued with multiples of their own diverse interest set. Take their most recent effort on Shakespeare's sonnets — Wainwright says they feel like he's tried to set the bard's poems to music since they were a teenager.
"Finally, when I was on the classical record label Gramaphone, people suddenly realized we were coming up on the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death, and I [already] had this series of [his] sonnets I had written music to," they explain. "So it just made sense to get those out. They were all over the map in terms of style, whether it was cabaret or classical or punk. So we just went for it.
"It became evident that this album was ready to arrive," they add. "It was really kind of a breeze."
Wainwright's ease at thinking across centuries of popular culture has also been one of their unique hallmarks as an ostensible pop-rock artist too, particularly in their love for opera.
"I became enamored of opera at a very young age, 13 really, and it became my main source of inspiration," they say. "On one hand, I was just so excited to discover this treasure trove of material. And on the other, I was really excited to have this secret weapon, this arsenal that nobody else from my generation had any idea about. So I was very cognizant of that when I started writing songs."
Wainwright's opera-tinged singing style and theatrical impulses were evident even on their more traditional, early records, which also hopscotched other pop styles from different decades with aplomb. With their full-fledged dive into composing operas in recent years, though, it's clear how central the influence has become. Wainwright says he's currently finishing up a second opera based on the Roman Emperor Hadrian before returning to more traditional songwriting.
"Over the last few years I've definitely been allowed to stretch the borders a bit and my fans have very lovingly come along on this journey, this theatrical excursion," they admit. "But I'm getting the sense now that it's time to get back to my roots a bit."
The current tour has Wainwright playing solo and stretching across the full breadth of their catalog.
"I might do a couple of the arias that I've written, but it really depends on the day. There's so much happening now politically that's so frightening, that I've found myself doing a whole protest section of my oeuvre that I've been dipping into a lot," they say of their current tour. "Plus, with the death of Leonard Cohen, there are some covers I'm bringing back. I call the set 'my greatest possible hits.'"
As for making politics more central to their sets, Wainwright points out that's always been a cornerstone of their work as well, something made clear by Lily Allen's semi-viral performance of "Going to a Town" at the Women's March in London.
"I've always been very vocal — mainly because being a gay man growing up in the AIDS crisis, activism is kind of in my blood," they say. "I always get some complaints, and there's this kind of group of people who say, 'Shut up and sing, don't talk about politics.' But my opinion right now is that everybody has to talk, doesn't matter who you are. There's really no room for anybody to be silent about this. There's just too much at stake."
The legendary sci-fi writer Philip K. Dick is always culturally relevant, but he's really having a moment right now. There's the movie Blade Runner 2049, in theaters today, which is a sequel to the movie Blade Runner, which is based on their novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
And there's the anthology series Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams, which got its first trailer today and looks amazing.
Electric Dreams, which is coming to Amazon Prime in 2018, consists of 10 episodes, each based on a different work by Dick. Each episode has a different writer, director and cast -- and those casts are uniformly excellent. Bryan Cranston (who also executive-produces), Liam Cunningham, Anna Paquin, Steve Buscemi, Vera Farmiga, Richard Madden, Janelle Monáe, Terrence Howard and Maura Tierney are just a few of the big names who appear.
Liam Cunningham says Game of Thrones' Final Episodes Will Be Even Longer
The series looks like high-production-value special-effects fest that also asks big questions about what it means to be human, the central theme of Dick's work.
This is Amazon's second Dick series, after The Man in the High Castle, which also got a new trailer today (I Love Dick is unrelated).
Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams is a British-American co-production, and is currently airing in the UK on Channel 4. It comes to America in 2018.
Twenty-four cars will form the grid for the 2018 FIA European Formula 3 Championship season, with both Motopark and Carlin Motorsport announcing their sixth drivers.
This leaves just one seat available at Van Amersfoort Racing, with Sophia Floersch the favourite to take the Dutch outfits third and final seat, but the announcements of Sebastian Fernandez at Motopark and Ameya Vaidyanathan at Carlin ensures both teams have two extra cars on the grid this year compared to in 2017.
Seventeen-year-old Fernandez steps up from racing in the Italian Formula 4 Championship, where they took more race wins than any other driver on their way to fourth place in the standings, and they will partner Daniel Ticktum, Juri Vips, Fabio Scherer, Jonathan Aberdein and Marino Sato in 2018.
“Ever since I joined Team Motopark for our first F4 races in the Middle East, I felt very much at home with the team,” said Fernandez. “I sensed immediately that I wanted to come back in order to learn more, and faster, for my next steps.
“We had a very effective testing schedule over the winter months, which only proved my point that I found a great new home for F3.”
Vaidyanathan was expected to make the full-time move into European Formula 3 after making their debut in the championship last season with the team, competing in the rounds at Spa-Francorchamps, Zandvoort and Nurburgring, and they will join Devlin DeFrancesco, Jehan Daruvala, Sacha Fenestraz, Ferdinand Habsburg and Nikita Troitsky at the team.
“It's great to be moving up to FIA Formula Three in what is now my third year with Carlin,” said Vaidyanathan, who raced for two seasons in EuroFormula Open with the team. “Staying in the team was a no-brainer because I can see everyone's commitment towards achieving the highest standards.
“I've really learnt so much during my time at Carlin thus far and I'm keen to put everything to good use to find my feet in such a competitive field.”
As well as the six drivers each for Motopark and Carlin, there will be five cars on the grid from Prema Powerteam, three each from Van Amersfoort Racing and Hitech Grand Prix, while the final entry is from the returning Ma-Con team.
By -
With the 24 Hours of Le Mans rally upon us, we thought we'd delve into the event and check out the cars in detail and see how they're made in order to deal with this grueling race.
We also find out how Giedo Van Der Garde prepares for Le Mans 24 Hours and the difference between Le Man and Formula 1 and if that's not enough, we've thrown in a few tips if you're going to attempt to watch the full 24 Hours without falling asleep. Don't forget to put the coffee on! For the Silo, Georgia Davies.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan remarked on Tuesday that Turkey has an “ethical responsibility to share the historical pain” of the country's Armenian citizens but again refused to refer to the tragedy as a genocide as they observed the anniversary of the killings.
“It is Turkey's conscientious and ethical responsibility to share the historical pain of our Armenian citizens,” said a statement signed by Erdoğan and read at the Istanbul Armenian Church on the 103rd anniversary of the mass murders. “We will continue to share your pain and try to resolve your problems in the future,” the statement added. It was reportedly read in Armenian and Turkish.
Erdoğan has issued a statement on the Armenian genocide every year on April 24 since 2014.
The Hurriyet Daily noted, “In contrast with the stance of Armenia, its diaspora and numerous other countries, Ankara does not recognize the 1915 killings as ‘genocide,' emphasizing that there were casualties ‘on both sides.'”
Turkey has repeatedly insisted that the murders of Armenians at the hands of the Ottoman Empire were merely a casualty of World War I and not targeted specifically at the ethnic population.
In their statement, Erdoğan reportedly also expressed “condolences to the Turkish nation over loss of lives of millions of Ottoman citizens due to wars, migrations, conflicts and diseases during the same period.”
Argentina, Belgium, Bolivia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Russia, and Uruguay are among nearly 30 countries that formally recognized the Armenian genocide.
While the number of Armenians who perished during the genocide remains under debate, Armenians say 1.5 million died, while Turkey suggests 300,000 perished.
Adelle Nazarian is a politics and national security reporter for Breitbart News. Follow them on Facebook and Twitter.
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks to supporters and local politicians at an event at Manchester Community College on March 19, 2018 in Manchester, New Hampshire. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images)
MANCHESTER, N.H. - President Donald Trump says the nation "must get tough" with drug dealers, which includes utilizing the death penalty.
Trump unveiled their plan to combat the nation's deadly opioid addiction in a speech Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, a state ravaged by the drug.
They announced a new website - crisisnextdoor.gov - that warned of the dangers of opioids, including fentanyl. They also called for broadcasting "great commercials" during "the right shows" that demonstrate to children "how bad" drugs are.
Trump said "failure is not an option" and vowed that "addiction is not our future."
They vowed to help create "a generation of drug-free children." And they complained that, under the current law, a dealer could sell a drug that could kill hundreds but only receive a short prison sentence.
Trump said tougher borders were needed to prevent the flow of drugs to the United States. They told the audience in Manchester, New Hampshire, that the nation needed a stronger southern border and a crackdown on sanctuary cities - including nearby Lawrence, Massachusetts - that they say supply drugs the nation's heartland.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Two fishermen in kayaks have filmed the heart-stopping moment a curious great white shark stalked them off the coast of NSW.
Ken Gerke and Dave Barwise stayed remarkably calm on Saturday morning as the predator followed them, even coming within touching distance while they paddled in Urunga, south of Coffs Harbour.
In the incredible GoPro footage, the shark's fin can be seen emerging from the water as Ken tells Dave “It's chasing me”.
Later on, when Ken seems to lose sight of the shark, they turn around to find it even closer than before, making a beeline for their kayak.
Camera Icon The shark can be seen just breaking the surface of the water. Picture: Ken Gerke
When the pair regroup, Dave puts their GoPro underwater and viewers get to see the full scale of the massive the shark.
The pair estimate the shark is between three and four metres long.
Dave and Ken spoke to Sunrise after they posted the video on their Facebook page and told hosts David Koch and Sam Armytage that they never felt like their lives were at risk.
“We never really felt threatened,” Dave said.
“It's really curious. I think it was checking us out as much as we were checking it out.”
Ken also said that looking back, it might not have been wise to bring the shark over to their mate and potentially put them danger.
“In hindsight it probably wasn't the best idea. It might've been putting another option on the menu,” Ken laughed.
The retail industry is already on track for a record-breaking year in 2018. Unfortunately, that record is for the amount of retail square footage expected to be vacated. As of April, more than 90 million square feet will be shuttered, easily surpassing the record set last year when 105 million square feet of retail space was vacated.
The companies that are facing the biggest challenges in the current retail environment are those that were late to implement technologies that aligned with shifting consumer preferences for omnichannel shopping experiences.
Right now, there's another technology emerging on the horizon that will have a similar disruptive impact on the industry: blockchain. Mortimer Singer, chief executive officer of Traub, and their team at the firm believe the time to adopt blockchain in retail is now. “Taking a proactive approach to blockchain implementation presents the retail industry with an opportunity to change the narrative from retail apocalypse to retail innovation,” Singer noted. One platform Singer said is worth looking at is the Shopin app, which they said allows retailers to identify “relevant users who have raised their hand and are willing to engage with marketing messages, reducing the reliance on advertising with Amazon, Google, and Facebook, and instead allocating those budgets to what matters most: Shoppers.”
Shopin describes its technology as helping to create a “closed-loop economy” that rewards shoppers for their time, attention and loyalty while “enabling sophisticated targeting and dynamic storytelling based on their Shopin Profile versus pushing one-size-fits-all messaging.”
Here, Singer engages in a discussion with Eran Eyal, chief executive officer and cofounder of Shopin.com, about the technology, how it works and how retailers and brands can benefit from it.
Mortimer Singer: What is Shopin?
Eran Eyal: Shopin is the first universal shopper profile that delivers the most personal shopping experience on retailers' web sites, apps and stores based on shopper preferences and purchase history data. Shoppers are in full control of their data for the first time with a cryptocurrency to reward them when their attention is engaged with ads, content and loyalty, and they are able to spend Shopin Tokens together with traditional currencies, also known as Fiat, at participating web sites.
Shopin empowers retailers to offer better product recommendations, easier and more secure transactions, and more valuable customer rewards using blockchain and Artificial Intelligence.
M.S.: Why did you decide to create Shopin? What was the impetus behind it?
E.E.: Shopin was founded based on the realization that most retailers don't truly know the customers who visit their e-commerce sites, apps and physical stores. Retailers are closing at a rapid rate for many reasons, and while some of these reasons are related to other external forces, real estate trends, shifting consumer preferences, etc., they tend to all share one basic foundation: low conversions.
The rapid deterioration of so many incredible retail brands was the genesis of Shopin. Using next-gen Artificial Intelligence and blockchain technology, Shopin is helping to create a more sustainable retail economy where retailers become stronger by working together and shoppers get rewarded based on the value of the data that they fully own and control.
M.S.: Why do you think retail needs Shopin now?
E.E.: In 2017, more than 6,400 retail stores in American malls closed and at least another 3,600 are expected to close in 2018. The global retail industry is struggling as well. Across the board, retailers don't have enough first-party purchase data and shopper-verified preferences to fully understand shoppers and what products they want to buy. Retailers are facing decreasing margins, more competition and a loss of direct connection with their customers on Amazon, eBay, Jet.com and other online platforms.
Shopin is building a protocol for the web to engage with users and provide them with the most personal experience across every website and physical store, to exchange commensurate financial value for their time and attention, and to realize a profitable and sustainable future for retailers and brands. Our solution is designed to help retailers overcome the challenges posed by Amazon.
M.S.: How does Shopin work?
E.E.: By setting up a Shopin Profile, consumers automatically store all their transaction and preference information on a secure blockchain database. They can keep the information completely private or choose to share it with their favorite retail brands in return for personalized recommendations and other marketing incentives and rewards.
The Shopin Profile is the first Federated, permissioned blockchain system that combines value (the Shopin Token) and data (preference and transaction information). Storage and distributed application processing nodes are provided by retail partners, while keys to the profile data are entirely controlled by consumers.
M.S.: What will it look like?
E.E.: All retailer/shopper transactions will continue to take place on retailers' sites, allowing them to control the user experience and build brand equity with their shoppers. However, via the Shopin app, wallet, and single sign-on, shoppers will be recognized across the open retail web via their historical purchase data. Retailers will be able to recognize Shopin users when they come back to their website or store and provide personalized product recommendations that align with that shopper's style preferences.
To get started, shoppers are asked to participate in a fun, gamified Shopin Profile on-boarding experience where they are asked questions about their styles preferences, fashion aspirations and sizes. The more information they share with their profile, the smarter the Shopin AI-powered recommendation engine becomes, and shoppers are encouraged on an ongoing basis to enrich their profile by uploading photos of styles they see in magazines, on the street, in clothing stores online and offline.
All of this shopper profile data and the consumer's purchase history data (from the entire retail universe that they shop in) is completely private, owned and controlled by the shopper.
M.S.: Why use blockchain?
E.E.: We are on the blockchain because it's the only solution that offers decentralized and secure data storage for users. Additionally, blockchain enables an environment where competing retailers can benefit from each other's purchase data without directly sharing it. This unique ability allows Shopin to power retailers' product recommendations in a way that truly rivals e-commerce aggregators such as Amazon. Finally, blockchain allows us to offer a universal reward platform in the form of a cryptocurrency, the Shopin Token, which never expires.
M.S.: What is the Shopin Token?
E.E.: The Shopin Token is our solution to incredibly inefficient loyalty systems that are in place today. It's clear that loyalty rewards programs aren't working, as $100 billion in loyalty points went unredeemed in 2017. The Shopin Token will be used to facilitate the mutually beneficial exchange of information between retailers and consumers for more personalized and efficient transactions. Retailers exchange tokens with consumers when their attention is engaged via ads, content and other programming. Consumers can then exchange the tokens for merchandise or services at any Shopin retail partner or redeem them directly as a monetary reward.
M.S.: Any final thoughts?
E.E.: We're aiming to reinvigorate the retail economy by streamlining the entire shopping experience. By deploying blockchain technology to store value, purchase and profile data, we are empowering retailers on the open web to provide a decentralized Amazon-like experience to their shoppers with recommendations powered by AI.
We believe the current approach to managing user data within the retail community will lead to more individual brands and retailers continuing to struggle while e-commerce aggregators continue to thrive at their expense.
Shopin provides another path forward, however, where retailers can all succeed by banding together and shoppers are rewarded based on the value of the data that they fully own and control.
The backlash continues, as opposition leader Ezzard Miller continued theirs pushes to have North Side's no dive zones re-marked to their specifications.
The Department of Environment said the difference between the no dive zones as gazetted, and Mr. Miller's suggestion of what the no dive zone boundaries should be been hundreds of feet apart. The DOE said if the zones are re-drawn to Mr. Miller's specifications, divers would lose access to some spectacular dive sites, including Northern Lights and the world-famous and much-publicised Babylon.
Wayne Hasson of the Cayman Aggressor live-aboard vessel told Cayman 27 they were involved in installing more than 100 moorings in Cayman waters starting in the mid 80's, and said none of them have ever been in the no dive zone.
“These dive sites have been promoted for all these years, they have been promoted as a top dive site, people come to the Cayman Islands to visit those dive sites, and it would be absolutely a shame if they tried to change the no diving zones to include sites that we have invested a lot of time and money in promoting to the world,” said Mr. Hasson.
Mr. Hasson also strongly denied Mr. Miller's claim that the Cayman Aggressor routinely violates the no dive zone, and has at times tied its stern line to coral heads.
Ash McKnight of GoPro Diving and CITA's Watersports Association weighed in on the controversy.
“I totally agree with Mr. Miller that the no dive zones should be properly marked to advise the public. However it needs to stay the same as it is, not extended,” they told Cayman 27 in an email.
Now what was the impetus for these no dive zones in the first place? Red Sail Sports Operations Manager Rod McDowall remembers the tensions between divers and fishermen in the early 80's.
“There was considerable damage being done to fishermen's pots, that were done for various reasons, divers obviously being somewhat environmentally orientated were not happy to see pots and fish caught in traps and what not, so I know that there was a history there that they caused some antagonism,” said Mr. Miller.
Mr. McDowall said he's surprised this issue is re-surfacing now in 2018, as they say tensions between the two groups have all but subsided over the last 20 years.
The National Conservation Council approved an enhanced marine parks plan back in 2016 which would include the creation of additional no dive zones in all three islands, and designate 40% of Cayman's waters as no take zones. That plan has stalled.
The DOE said early this year that Cayman's current marine parks system is becoming outdated.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A two-year-old boy is fighting for life and two women are in hospital after they were hit by a suspected drug driver.
The horrific incident happened at 3.24pm on south End Road in Rainham, east London.
The women, aged 25 and 32, are in hospital while the toddler suffered critical injuries after a blue Mercedes A180 collided with the group.
Members of the public pinned down the suspected driver at the scene before officers arrived, police said.
A Metropolitan Police spokesperson said: "Immediately following the collision members of the public assisted in detaining a suspect.
"Police are particularly keen to hear from those people."
(Image: Mirrorpix)
"Police were called shortly after 3.24pm on Tuesday 24 April, to reports of a vehicle colliding with pedestrians on South End Road, Rainham.
"Officers attended, along with the London Ambulance Service and the London Fire Brigade.
"The driver of the car, a dark blue Mercedes A180, was arrested at the scene on suspicion of drug driving.
"He has been taken to an east London police station where they remain in custody."
The two women have injuries that are not believed to be life-threatening.
Police also appealed for dash-cam footage.
Rome, July 4 - The Cassation Court sentence saying 49 million euros allegedly misappropriated by persons close to the anti-migrant Eursokeptic League is a "political one", League leader matteo salvini said Wednesday. But they said "there is no general design" against the rightwing populist party, which recently entered government alongside the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement. "Our consciences are completely clear, there is no concern about this bizarre sentence," said Salvini, who is interior minister and deputy premier in Premier Giuseppe Conte's new administration. Asked if the League would "mobilise" against the sentence, Salvini smiled: "We haven't got time to waste with these things, we've got too much work to do".
Fans in Lilongwe are in for a rare treat Saturday at Madsoc Theatre when artists Lulu and Ernest Ikwanga will take them on a musical explosion dubbed All About Guitars.
This is a platform where people will experience the power of the guitar as the two are among the country's finest guitarists.
Madsoc Theatre, which has, in the past two weeks, been active with activities related to theatre, is giving a chance to people to enjoy the sound of the guitar, with Lulu and Ikwanga ready to do the magic.
Ikwanga and Lulu grew up as friends in the same neighbourhood, meeting almost every day as they both were connected through the guitar.
They met and played each day up to the time they were both members of Mathumela Band, which Lulu still owns. Ikwanga then decided to take a solo path.
The two are surely household names and, undoubtedly, among Malawi's crème de la crème guitarists with amazing musical experience.
“All About Guitars brings them together after a long time of no official collaboration or concert,” Madsoc Theatre proprietor, Stanley Mambo, said yesterday.
Mambo said the concert, which will be supported by Mbanaye, aims at raising funds for Ikwanga and Mbanaye, who are travelling to Zanzibar, Tanzania, where they will represent Malawi at the Sauti za Busara Festival.
Ikwanga and Mbanaye were selected to perform at the festival and this platform will also serve as a farewell concert while giving the two a chance to show what they will display in Zanzibar.
“This means a lot to me, [especially] to fly the country's flag in Zanzibar for the first time and introduce my music to fans that side,” Ikwanga said.
The guitarist, who has shared the stage with several international acts and launched their latest album Chisekese last year, said they were prepared for the Sauti za Busara Festival and that this concert is a preview.
Lulu said, through the concert, they want to celebrate good times and express their feelings for music.
“We have been friends with Ernest since way back and we have seen each other struggling and making a difference and, as such, we are set. There is more to do this year, as you know that I will also be releasing a single titled ‘Sendera' on Monday,” they said.
Lulu, who has also done a wedding song with Madalitso Band titled ‘Mwina Ndiwe', will on Sunday come face to face with Skeffa Chimoto at Capital City Motel in Lilongwe.
A line of severe thunderstorms moved out of Texas and across the South on Monday, bringing flash flooding, power outages and wind damage.
Wind damage was reported in a band across central Louisiana and into southern Mississippi, although no injuries or deaths were immediately reported.
Some wind damage was also reported in Houston and throughout East Texas in the morning. Though Arkansas had also been included in warnings, there was only a stray report of hail in Jackson County in the northeast part of the state.
National Weather Service forecasters said that at least some of the damage may have been caused by tornadoes.
Advertisement
“It was obviously wind damage,” said Johnathan Brazzell of the Weather Service's Lake Charles, Louisiana, office. “Whether it was straight-line winds or tornadoes, that will have to be determined through a field survey.”
Louisiana utilities reported more than 45,000 customers without power early Monday afternoon, while Mississippi utilities reported power was out to more than 23,000 customers.
Freddie Zeigler, a meteorologist in the Weather Service's New Orleans office, said heavy winds were preceding the squall line, possibly contributing to power outages. A gust of 52 mph was reported at McComb, Mississippi, about 1 p.m. Monday.
It was the second episode of heavy rain within days for some areas, especially along the Gulf Coast. Although flood warnings were posted for many areas, Brazzell said it appeared flooding would be “minor,” with few impacts to structures.
The Storm Prediction Center in Norman, Oklahoma, said that 6.9 million people in large parts Louisiana, Mississippi and south Alabama is at the highest risk of storms Monday. The area included several large cities such as New Orleans; Jackson, Mississippi; and Mobile, Alabama.
FILE - In this June 7, 2017, file photo, FBI acting director Andrew McCabe listens during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing about the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, on Capitol Hill in Washington. McCabe drafted a memo on the firing of their onetime boss, ex-director James Comey. Thatâ€™s according to a person familiar with the memo, who insisted on anonymity to discuss a secret document that has been provided to special counsel Robert Mueller. The person said the memo concerned a conversation McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosensteinâ€™s preparations for Comeyâ€™s firing. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon, File)
FILE - In this June 7, 2017, file photo, FBI acting director Andrew McCabe listens during a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing about the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, on Capitol Hill in Washington. McCabe drafted a memo on the firing of their onetime boss, ex-director James Comey. Thatâ€™s according to a person familiar with the memo, who insisted on anonymity to discuss a secret document that has been provided to special counsel Robert Mueller. The person said the memo concerned a conversation McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosensteinâ€™s preparations for Comeyâ€™s firing. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon, File)
WASHINGTON (AP) - Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe drafted a memo on circumstances leading up to the firing of their onetime boss, James Comey, a person familiar with the situation said Wednesday night.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity to The Associated Press to discuss a secret document that has been turned over to special counsel Robert Mueller. Their team is investigating whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russia during the 2016 presidential election and whether the president sought to obstruct that inquiry through actions including the firing of Comey last May.
The memo concerns a conversation that McCabe had with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein about Rosenstein's preparations for Comey's firing. Rosenstein played an important role in that episode, having authored a memo faulting Comey for their handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation that the White House held up as justification for President Donald Trump's decision to fire the FBI director.
Rosenstein has said they wrote a memo laying out their concerns with Comey after learning that the White House intended to fire him.
According to McCabe's memo, Rosenstein indicated to them that they were initially asked to reference the Russia investigation in their own memo on Comey. But the final version didn't include discussion of Russia and focused instead on the Clinton email case.
Rosenstein appointed Mueller special counsel one week after Comey was fired. They have said they would recuse themselves if necessary if their actions became relevant to Mueller's investigation.
The AP reported in March that McCabe had drafted multiple memos, including about their interactions with Trump. Comey also drafted a series of memos about their own encounters with Trump that unnerved him.
The New York Times first reported on the content of this particular memo.
McCabe became FBI acting director following Comey's firing last May. They were fired as deputy director in March, just days before their scheduled retirement, amid an inspector general finding that they had misled internal investigators about their role in an October 2016 disclosure to The Wall Street Journal.
___
Follow Eric Tucker on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/etuckerAP
American consumers were feeling more a bit more optimistic in May following a slight decline in confidence in April.
The Conference Board, a business research group, said Tuesday that its consumer confidence index rose to 128.0 from a revised 125.6 in April. That follows March's 127.0 and February's 130.0, which was the highest reading since November of 2000.
Despite wild stock market swings and ongoing U.S. trade disputes, the index came in about where analysts expected. Some analysts say it bodes well for the future as unemployment remains low and Americans have more money to spend after last year's tax cut.
The index measures both consumers' assessment of current economic conditions and their expectations for the future. Both categories rose this month, however, consumers' views of the current labor market were mixed. The percentage of respondents who said they felt that jobs were “plentiful” rose, as did the percentage of consumers saying that jobs were “hard to get.”
According to the survey, the number of consumers who think current business conditions are good shot up to 38.4 percent from April's 34.8 percent. It's the highest mark in that category of the survey since a 40.8 percent reading in December of 2000. The number of respondents in May who said they think business conditions are bad decreased slightly from April.
Consumers' views of the short-term future were mixed. Those expecting business conditions to improve over the next six months ticked down slightly, as did the number who thought conditions would worsen.
With the U.S. unemployment rate at 3.9 percent, the number of respondents expecting more job prospects in the coming months increased slightly, as did the number of those who expected fewer.
Economists closely watch consumers' moods because their spending accounts for about 70 percent of all U.S. economic activity.
The Commerce Department reported that U.S. retail sales in April increased at a 0.3 percent rate, a sign that consumers may be back after weak spending earlier this year.
© The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
MAURICE RIVER TOWNSHIP, N.J. (AP) - One of the oldest living ospreys ever recorded as nesting in New Jersey has returned to their bayside home to nest and roost.
The bird, which has not been named, is 17 and still has a mate and raises young. The nonprofit Conserve Wildlife Foundation tells the Press of Atlantic City that the average life span for an osprey is eight to 10 years.
The bird was banded as a hatchling in July 2001 in a nest about five miles from the current nesting site in Maurice River Township. The foundation doesn't publicize the bird's exact location so human disturbance will remain at a minimum.
___
Information from: The Press of Atlantic City (N.J.), http://www.pressofatlanticcity.com
It's black days for the Black Tomato, and owner Pete Besserer puts the blame squarely on Ontario's higher the minimum wage, which takes effect Jan. 1.
The restaurant, a stalwart of ByWard Market dining for 23 years, will close at the end of the month.
“It's the minimum wage, absolutely. That will be an $80,000 hit for me, just in hours,” Besserer said. “Then you have to factor in the grey area of what all the other stuff that comes through the door is going to cost. Is it going to be 10 per cent more? 15? 20? Who the hell knows? Nobody knows.”
Ontario's minimum wage, now $11.60 an hour, climbs to $14 on Jan. 1 and to $15 on Jan. 1, 2019. Besserer employs 17 people at the Black Tomato and says they simply can't afford the increased labour cost. That it takes effect in the toughest month of the year for restaurants only makes it tougher.
“I followed the story all along. Whether economists agree with it or not, everything that I've ever read says ‘way too much, way too fast.'
“I don't know other restaurant owners' situations, but I've done the math. If you have a staff of two people, then obviously that changes things. But I've got a staff of 17. Those are the facts for me.”
The higher wage has been opposed by the Canadian Federation of Independent Business, the Ontario Chamber of Commerce and the Ontario Restaurant Hotel & Motel Association, among others.
However, a handful of Ottawa businesses say they support the move. Jessica Carpinone, co-owner of Bread by Us Bakery in Hintonburg, supported the $15-an-hour minimum wage in an opinion piece they wrote for the Ottawa Citizen in June.
“There are a number of reasons why businesses close, but paying fair wages is not one of them,” they wrote. “I cannot stress this enough: Well-paid and satisfied workers are better for business. Not only are they willing to work hard for you, but their satisfaction is felt by customers.”
And last month, Ivan Gedz of Union 613 in Centretown announced they were boosting their workers' minimum wage to $16 and said restaurateurs who say paying “a fair living wage couldn't be done” are “full of s—.”
But Black Tomato's Besserer is adamant that he's had enough. They plan to unveil protest banners in their eatery on Tuesday and has ordered black T-shirts for staff that say “Grim” on the front and “Wake Up Ontario' on the back. Telling their employees the business was closing was tough, they said.
“There were a lot of tears shed. To stand here for 23 years in the kitchen and to work like a dog to have this happen — it hurts. That's reason No. 1. Reason No. 2 is I had to stand here like a grinch and tell 17 staff members that they don't have a job after Christmas time. Twenty-three years of hard work and what do I do? I put a key on the counter and walk away. That's a hard pill to swallow.”
bcrawford@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/getBAC
Canada's Jill Officer and the Czech Republic's Anna Kubešková have been elected to the World Curling Federation (WCF) Athlete Commission, it has been announced.
The election was held over a two-week period and athletes who have competed in curling or wheelchair curling events at the Olympic or Paralympic Winter Games, the men's, women's, mixed doubles or Wheelchair Curling World Championships in the last eight years were eligible to vote.
Officer and Kubešková replace the United States' Ann Swisshelm and Kelly Scott of Canada.
They join Australia's Kim Forge, Sweden's Cathrine Lindahl, United States' Patrick McDonald, Scotland's David Murdoch and Canada's Nolan Thiessen on the Commission.
The seven-member Commission will be led by Thiessen.
The group act as the voice for elite curlers to the WCF Executive Board, Competitions and Rules Commission and the International Olympic Committee's Athletes' Commission.
They will represent the Olympic and Paralympic disciplines and cover the WCF's three geographical zones.
"It is my pleasure to welcome the two new members, Anna Kubeskova and Jill Officer to the World Curling Federation Athlete Commission and to congratulate Nolan Thiessen on taking over the role of skip for the Commission,” Kate Caithness, the WCF President, said.
The Czech Republic's Anna Kubešková has also been elected to the Commission ©Getty Images
Caithness added: "I have no doubt that they will bring their invaluable experience and knowledge of the game to help the interests of our elite curlers across the globe.
"I would also like to thank our outgoing commission members, Ann Swisshelm and Kelly Scott, for their dedication to representing the interests of all curlers and their hard work in making the Athlete Commission such a success."
Officer, 43, is a two-time world champion and won an Olympic gold medal at Sochi 2014.
The 28-year-old Kubešková has been the skip of the Czech Republic's women's team.
"First of all, we want to add our thanks to outgoing members Ann Swisshelm and Kelly Scott for their efforts over the past six years by being original members of the WCF Athlete Commission," said Thiessen.
"All curling athletes thank them for representing the voice of the athlete community and growing this Commission to what it is today.
"We welcome aboard the two newest athlete-elected members of Anna Kubeskova and Jill Officer.
"Myself and the rest of the Commission are excited to work with them to continue to represent athlete interests and ensure that their voices continue to be heard."
On today's episode of Wild Animal Wednesday we feature our baby Mouflon Sheep exhibit. The Mouflon doesn't look anything like the standard s…
New Delhi: Bollywood's gorgeous actor Bipasha Basu has time and again made our hearts skip a beat with their fascinating looks.
The actor took to Instagram to share a photograph and a video of herself, all dressed up for the Lakme Fashion Week.
Here's their Instagram post with the caption- "Ready for #lakmefashionwk. Loving today's makeup and hair look.
Make up @otb_makeup Hair @kaushal9dsouza"
A post shared by bipashabasusinghgrover (@bipashabasu) on Feb 3, 2018 at 3:32am PST
In yet another post, the radiant Bengal beauty shared a video of themselves with the caption- “Love and kisses to all Spread happiness and cheer wherever you go everyday? #lovelife #loveyourself”
A post shared by bipashabasusinghgrover (@bipashabasu) on Feb 3, 2018 at 5:06am PST
Bipasha was a popular model before they entered film business with 'Ajnabee' in 2001. The film not only got their recognition but also a Filmfare award for Best Female Debut. They then starred in Bhatt camp's horror film 'Raaz' opposite Dino Morea which made them a household name and fame.
Post that they were flooded with offers coming their way and the audience loved to watch their films such as 'Jism', 'Corporate', 'No Entry', 'Dhoom 2', 'Race', 'All The Best' and the like.
New Delhi: President Pranab Mukherjee, Monday, appointed well-known academician Professor David Reid Syiemlieh as the Chairman of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC).
The Press Information Bureau (PIB) released the following statement: “The President has appointed Prof. David R. Syiemlieh, Member, Union Public Service Commission, to perform the duties of the post of Chairman, Union Public Service Commission, with effect from the forenoon of January 4, 2017 till further orders or till completion of their term as member on 21.01.2018, whichever is earlier.”
63-year-old Syiemlieh was functioning as a UPSC member from June 25, 2012, and will succeed Alka Sirohi as the Chairman of the commission.
 They are the second person from Meghalaya to be appointed as the head of UPSC after Rose Bathew Kharbuli, the first woman chairperson of the Commission, in early 1990s.
Prof Syiemlieh has previously served as Pro-Vice-Chancellor, North-Eastern Hill University and Vice-Chancellor of the Rajiv Gandhi University, Itanagar.
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillow case-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here's how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location, and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view — at one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emoji's on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny-route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with "Disruption of Congress," according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with "crowding, obstructing or incommoding."
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That's allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it they were also allowed to wear throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
Who will be the royal baby's godparents?
Wednesday, 25 April 2018 8:28AM
Who will be the royal baby's godparents? The West Australian Sunrise
Front runners include the royal couple's former flat mates and uni friends
A drink-driver who needed their licence to do their job has lost their employment after receiving a 20 month ban from the road.
Chesterfield magistrates' court heard on Wednesday, March 14, how John Gary Owens, 50, of Brentwood Close, Bamford, in the Hope Valley, collided with a parked car on Brentwood Road, at Bamford, when they were over twice the legal drink-drive limit.
Prosecuting solicitor Becky Allsop said: “The police were contacted on the evening of February 23 after witnesses heard a collision and looked out of a window and saw Owens in a Suzuki vehicle which had collided with a parked Peugeot.”
Mrs Allsop added that Owens was taken to the police station and they registered 73microgrammes of alcohol in 100millilitres of breath when the legal limit is 35microgrammes.
Owens pleaded guilty to exceeding the alcohol drink-drive limit after the incident.
Defence solicitor Rob Sowter said Owens made full admissions and they have lost their employment because they needed to be able to drive to do their job.
Magistrates fined Owens £120 and ordered them to pay a £30 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
They were also banned from driving for 20 months but the ban can be reduced by 22 weeks if they complete a drink-drive rehabilitation course.
Read more articles by
BN Staff
Don't miss any action. Sign up for the free BN newsletter(s) here
SHOWTIME Sports has unveiled the network's complete spring 2017 boxing schedule following today's earlier announcement that the heavyweight boxing event of the year will be televised live on SHOWTIME . The stacked lineup includes seven world championship fights across eight live boxing telecasts over an eight-week span.
On Saturday, April 29, Anthony Joshua will face Wladimir Klitschko in the most significant heavyweight world championship fight in more than a decade. The event will air live on SHOWTIME at 4:15 p.m. ET/1:15 p.m. PT from a sold-out Wembley Stadium, where a record crowd of more than 90,000 spectators is expected.
Also announced today, SHOWTIME and Premier Boxing Champions will present the rematch between WBC Light Heavyweight Champion Adonis Stevenson and Andrzej Fonfara on Saturday, June 3. This bout is an encore of a 2014 action-packed fight in which Stevenson edged Fonfara to defend their 175-pound crown.
The SHOWTIME boxing lineup also includes two significant welterweight bouts with world title implications: Andre Berto vs. Shawn Porter (April 22) and Kell Brook vs. Errol Spence Jr. (May 27). Both events are presented in association with Premier Boxing Champions. The April 22 Berto vs. Porter event will feature an anticipated 154-pound world title fight between Jermell Charlo and Charles Hatley as well as world champion Amanda Serrano attempting to become the first woman—and first fighter of Puerto Rican decent—to win a world title in five different weight classes.
On Saturday, May 20, SHOWTIME will present a unique twin-bill of world championship fights. First, boxing's hottest young star, newly minted world champion Gervonta Davis, will make their first world title defense against Liam Walsh from London. Later that evening, featherweight world champion Gary Russell Jr. and former world champion Andre Dirrell will be featured in separate bouts. Start times for both live telecasts are to be determined.
In all, SHOWTIME Sports will present one live SHOWTIME BOXING INTERNATIONAL telecast, one live ShoBox: The New Generation telecast, and five SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING telecasts, all free to network subscribers. Plus, SHOWTIME is in the early stages of planning for the return of four-division world champion Adrien Broner and undefeated star Mikey Garcia in separate events this summer.
The spring lineup complements the network's robust 2017 boxing schedule. In the first 10 weeks of the year, SHOWTIME Sports presented eight world championship fights, including two world title unification bouts (Jack vs. DeGale and Thurman vs. Garcia, SHOWTIME Boxing on CBS), two world title rematches (Frampton vs. Santa Cruz II and Linares vs. Crolla II), the live-stream of the first-ever boxing event on Twitter (Broner vs. Granados), the resurgence of women's boxing (Serrano vs. Rivas) and the first women's boxing main event in premium television history (Shields vs. Szabados).
“SHOWTIME continues its unrivaled commitment to the sport. There simply is no other network in boxing delivering world-class events on a consistent basis,” said Stephen Espinoza, Executive Vice President & General Manager, SHOWTIME Sports.
“Our 2017 schedule already includes some 17 live boxing telecasts, 15 world championship fights, with the top-rated fighters squaring off in boxing's deepest weight divisions. We continue to break the glass ceiling on women's boxing, deliver the biggest bouts from overseas and see champions take on champions to unify divisions. We are proud to be re-shaping the boxing landscape both in and out of the ring.”
See below for the SHOWTIME boxing spring calendar. This is the network's third major boxing schedule announcement of the past 13 months.
Saturday, April 22 – SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING
Presented by Premier Boxing Champions
Main Event: Andre Berto (31-4, 24 KOs) vs. Shawn Porter (26-2, 16 KOs) – WBC Welterweight World Title Eliminator
Co-Feature: Jermell Charlo (28-0, 13 KOs) vs. Charles Hatley (26-1-1, 18 KOs) – WBC Super Welterweight World Championship
SHOX: Amanda Serrano (31-1-1, 23 KOs) vs. Dahiana Santana (35-8, 14 KO's) – 10-Rd. WBO Bantamweight World Championship
Start Time: 9:30 p.m. ET / 6:30 p.m. PT (SHO Boxing on SHO EXTREME, 7:30p ET/PT)
Venue: Brooklyn's Barclays Center
Notes: · The winner of Berto-Porter becomes the WBC mandatory challenger to Unified World Champion Keith Thurman.
Berto-Porter is the fourth welterweight world title/title eliminator fight televised on SHOWTIME/CBS in the last 10 months.
Charlo-Hatley is the eighth world title/title eliminator in the 154-pound division on SHOWTIME/CBS in the last 13 months
Serrano attempts to become the first woman to win world titles in five different weight classes
Saturday, April 29 – SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING
Main Event: Anthony Joshua (18-0, 18 KOs) vs. Wladimir Klitschko (64-4, 53 KOs) – IBF and vacant (Super) WBA Heavyweight World Championship
Start Time: 4:15 p.m. ET/1:15 p.m. PT, live on SHOWTIME
Venue: Wembley Stadium, London
Notes: · Most significant heavyweight world title fight in 15 years—since Lennox Lewis vs. Mike Tyson in June, 2002
Officially sold out more than 90,000 tickets; set to smash the attendance record at Wembley and join the ranks of the biggest events in boxing history
Saturday, May 20 – SHOWTIME BOXING INTERNATIONAL
Main Event: Gervonta Davis (17-0, 16 KOs) vs. Liam Walsh (21-0, 14 KOs) – IBF Super Featherweight World Championship
Start Time: TBD, live from London
Venue: Copper Box Arena in London, England
Notes: · Matchup of undefeated fighters. Champion vs. No. 1-ranked contender
Davis is the youngest reigning American titlist and second youngest in the world (Kosei Tanaka)
Saturday, May 20 – SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING
Main Event: Gary Russell Jr. (21-1, 16 KOs) vs. Oscar Escandon (25-2, 17 KOs) – WBC Featherweight World Championship
Co-Features: Andre Dirrell (25-2, 16 KOs) vs. José Uzcátegui (26-1, 22 KOs) – IBF Super Middleweight Interim World Championship
Rances Barthelemy (25-0, 13 KOs) vs. Kiryl Relikh (21-1, 19 KOs) – WBA Super Lightweight Eliminator
Start Time: TBD
Venue: MGM National Harbor in Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area
Notes: · Sixth featherweight title fight on SHOWTIME since Feb. 2016, and second this year.
The winner of Dirrell-Uzcátegui becomes the mandatory for IBF Super Middleweight World Champion James DeGale
The winner of Barthelemy-Relikh becomes the mandatory challenger to the WBA Super Lightweight Champion
Saturday, May 27 – SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING
Main Event: Kell Brook (36-1, 25 KOs) vs. Errol Spence Jr. (21-0, 19 KOs) – IBF Welterweight World Championship
Start Time: TBD, live from England
Venue: Bramall Lane Football Ground in Sheffield, England
Notes: · World Champion vs. IBF No. 1-ranked contender
No. 3-ranked vs. No. 5-ranked welterweights (via Transnational Boxing Rankings)
Six of the consensus top-10 welterweights in the world featured on SHOWTIME/CBS events in the first half of 2017
Saturday, June 3 – SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING
Presented by Premier Boxing Champions
Main Event: Adonis Stevenson (28-1, 23 KOs) vs. Andrzej Fonfara (29-4, 17 KOs) II – WBC Light Heavyweight World Championship
Co-Main: Eleider Alvarez (22-0, 11 KOs) vs. Jean Pascal (31-4-1, 18 KOs) – WBC Silver Light Heavyweight Title
Start Time: TBD
Notes: · Stevenson-Fonfara II is a rematch of 2014 all-action championship bout in which both fighters scored knock downs
Friday, June 9 – ShoBox: The New Generation (Hall of Fame Induction Weekend)
Main Event: Joel Diaz Jr. (23-0, 19 KOs) vs. Abel Ramos (17-2-2, 12 KOs) – 10 Round Super Lightweight Bout
Start Time: 10 p.m. ET/PT
Venue: Turning Stone Resort & Casino in Verona, N.Y.
Notes: · International Boxing Hall of Fame Induction Weekend
The lead announce team for ShoBox, legendary sportscaster Barry Tompkins and boxing historian Steve Farhood, to be inducted to the Hall in nearby Canastota, NY.
Expected This Summer
Four-division world champion Adrien Broner and WBC Lightweight World Champion Mikey Garcia in separate events live on SHOWTIME.
Tallinn, July 4 - President Sergio Mattarella said Wednesday that it would be "not very responsible" to "put in risk" the freedom of movement of European people when asked during a press conference in Tallinn about the possibility of Austria closing its border with Italy to stop the arrival of asylum seekers. "Many things distinguish the EU and its historic integration but two fully express its soul: Erasmus and Schengen," the Italian head of State said during a visit to Estonia.
Those using the Reiser4 file-system in some capacities can now safely upgrade to the Linux 4.12 kernel.Edward Shishkin has updated this out-of-tree file-system for the Linux 4.12 kernel so it can be built with the latest mainline stable release.That updated Reiser4 port can be downloaded from SourceForge Meanwhile, Shishkin is working on the format41 branch with new feature activity. He's been working on features around Logical Volumes support and data striping support. Details on the brand-new data striping capability for Reiser4 can be found via this mailing list post
You've probably noticed the raised, bumpy patterns where the sidewalk ends. You might also have wondered why they are there in the first place. For traction? Durability?
Turns out there's a very good reason, but it's not what you may think it is.
Those blister-like bumps, also known as “truncated domes and detectible warning pavers,” are a part of “tactile paving” (meaning: paving that can be felt). It helps the visually impaired detect when they are about to leave the sidewalk and enter the street. They can feel the change in texture on the ground below them, and know to stop before proceeding to cross the street.
For the visually impaired with some vision, the bright yellow or red coloring on those sidewalk bumps also helps to alert them that the sidewalk is coming to an end.
Depending on where you are in the U.S. or other countries, you'll find different tactile paving patterns.
British video producer Tom Scott explains some of them in this helpful video.
Offset bump patterns show a train platform ahead. Oblong circles designate a street trolley or tram. Stripes across a path signal steps or other trip hazards ahead. And stripes following a path guide someone on a safe walkway. Pavement bumps can also show a pedestrian versus a bike path.
Tactile paving first showed up in Japan in the late 1960s. And Japan still leads the way in accessibility options like in the subway below.
In Australia, they're starting to install lighted street patterns to better signal the visually impaired (or plain oblivious). Because, to the point made in the video above, a small portion of those who are visually impaired are 100 percent blind, which is why it's important to make tactile indicators as visible as possible for those with limited eyesight.
Here in the U.S., some say there's still not enough accessibility despite the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) passing back in 1990.
In some places, tactile pavers match the sidewalk color or are a more subdued color, making them less visible to those with eyesight issues. Sometimes the braille-like pathways aren't set up clearly or safely.
But when those bumpy patterns are used correctly, they allow for a more accessible and safe street layout. That's important when “there are tons of metal speeding past you,” as the video host Tom Scott says.
[h/t Jalopnik]
This story originally appeared on Simplemost. Checkout Simplemost for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Denny Hamlin won the pole Friday night for the Bank of America 500, the NASCAR Cup Series playoff race Sunday at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord. Chuck Burton AP
Marine scientists find that the space bullethead parrotfish use is influenced more by competition than by fear of predators
It's a fish-eat-fish world out in the ocean, and prey species usually fear the predators that would make them into a tasty snack.
Looks like someone forgot to tell the parrotfish, though.
According to new research by UC Santa Barbara marine scientists, Chlorurus spilurus, known as the bullethead or daisy parrotfish, barely reacts to the presence of predators. The findings appear in the journal Oecologia.
Working in the waters off Moorea and the Palmyra Atoll, the researchers observed almost constant competitive interactions between predators and bullethead parrotfish -- the Pacific Ocean's most abundant parrotfish species -- and other herbivorous fishes. "They were constantly chasing each other, and this affected their feeding rates," said lead author Katie Davis, a research scientist in UCSB's Caselle Lab. "However, predators such as sharks, snappers and groupers frequently swam past the parrotfish without eliciting any reaction. Our research indicates that competition among grazers is the real force in structuring both the space use patterns and the feeding patterns of these parrotfish."
Working on Palmyra 1,000 miles south of Hawaii, the researchers first tested the influence of predation risk on prey foraging behaviors in an unexploited predator community that includes a variety of sharks and other fishes. Then, to contrast how predation risk and competition affect space use, they conducted a comparative study on Moorea, where both predatory species and herbivorous species like the bullethead parrotfish are fished.
The investigators found that competition influenced space use more than predation risk, which did, however, impact feeding rates.
"Nearby predators may not have as strong an effect on the behavior of some prey species as previously thought, especially in a place like Palmyra where encounters between predatory species and prey species on the reef are frequent," said Davis. "If prey species such as parrotfishes really limit their movements due to fear effects, we would expect to see fish using much more space to forage in Moorea, where predators are rare, compared to Palmyra, where predators are abundant. But that's not what we saw."
Davis and colleagues used mobile GPS units to quantify the space use of bulletheads. Following individual parrotfish they mapped out their activities throughout their territories, recording where they ate, the location of territorial disputes and bathroom use. The scientists also examined the concentration of feeding activities from site to site over a gradient of predation risk and competition. Counting parrotfish bites, they considered how predator encounters, competitive interactions and the abundance of algae on the reef might influence their feeding rates.
Other notable differences between the two islands may be related to fishing practices in Moorea. In certain habitats at Moorea, for instance, the researchers were unable to conduct their study because the parrotfish were skittish in the presence of the observers. Parrotfishes in Moorea are targeted by spear fishermen, which may influence their perception of humans as a threat.
In addition, the size structure of the two populations differed: the largest specimens were found in Palmyra but absent in Moorea. This also could be due to spearfishing, which usually targets the largest individuals of a population.
Parrotfishes are thought to be important to coral reef health because they eat algae that compete with coral for space on the reef. However, exactly what these fish eat has yet to be determined. According to Davis, they primarily bite low-lying red-turfing algae as well as other species of macroalgae. However, the algae itself may not be their primary food source.
"New research in the field of parrotfish biology has suggested that they may target bacteria that grow on top of and inside of the coral skeletons," Davis explained. "These findings provide us with some new ways to think about how these fish forage, and it could help explain some of the space use patterns that we've observed in this species. Our future research will further explore how these ideas relate to parrotfish foraging behaviors and how parrotfish foraging affects the fine-scale interactions between algae and corals on reefs."
UCSB co-authors are Peter Carlson, Darcy Bradley, Robert Warner and Jennifer Caselle.
###
Bristol Bay has a big fishery but not a big marine services industry, beyond the seasonal shops that show up in the summer.
This spring a local fabricator in Naknek expanded their business to try building a few set net skiffs from the ground up.
Fishy Fabrications, a local business in Naknek, has started building skiffs from the ground up, something only a few other local businesses do in Bristol Bay.
George Wilson and Robert Hill are working long hours these days to finish building skiffs before the salmon season takes off: Often 10 hours a day, seven days a week.
“That's with two dads we both have kid duties during the week,” Wilson said. “This is just a good off-season job for both of us from commercial fishing – we do this in the winter and spring.”
Wilson is the owner of Fishy Fabrications and Hill is their right-hand man.
Since 2013, the business was more of a repair shop, but this March it shifted to a skiff-building operation.
Wilson and Hill have built two set net skiffs since then.
Wilson is native to Naknek. They have been building and repairing boats since the mid-1990's, but they said opening a shop in their hometown for local customers is fulfilling.
“Very proud and honored a lot – they could have easily gotten these built in Washington,” Wilson said. “I think that's pretty cool.”
The set net skiff Wilson and Hill are working on now is 23 feet long by 9 feet wide. The average turn-around time is four weeks with a cost of $24,000, not including freight.
Bristol Bay customers are looking for shallow drafts in their set net skiffs, Hill said, adding that they want more room for fish handling, as well.
Fishy Fabrication skiffs have false bottoms to keep fish cooler for longer.
“These have a false bottom built into them so even if you're using a bin instead of an insulated tote, it's still going to keep the fish significantly colder,” Hill said.
The false bottom also helps prevent sinking if people forget to put the deck plugs in, Hill added.
Wilson and Hill said part of their niche in the skiff building industry is that they are fishermen too.
“Probably in two weeks, I'll put my welding hood up and put my fishing hat on,” Wilson said.
Wilson said their experience helps them know what to add to the boat to make it functional and safe. Ultimately, the boat is custom made for the buyer.
“Just having someone local that you can come in daily and have input on the build of your skiff, I think that's huge,” they said. “You get exactly what you want.”
It isn't just about Fishy Fabrications. Wilson said they see a lot of potential talent in the Naknek area for other boat and part builders.
“I think there's a lot of local talent,” they said. “Whether it's welding or refrigeration or just about anything, there's a lot of room for growth.”
Wilson said they plan to continue building skiffs in the winter, as they have two orders lined up.
For now, they will wrap up this skiff and head out to do what he's always done – fishing.
Rome, December 11 - Some 40.68 million job contracts were activated between 2013 and 2016 while 39.15 million were terminated for a net gain of 916,000, according to a report released Monday by the labour ministry and several public agencies, including statistics agency ISTAT and social-security agency INPS. "The recovery has accelerated (over the last two years) and the labour market has regained much of the pre-crisis employment levels," the report said. It added that the recovery was "employment intense".
© AP Photo/ APTV
The US is reportedly continuing its military buildup in Syria. Local online news portal the Euphrates Post has published video evidence showing what appear to be two US Coalition Blackhawk helicopters consolidating the US presence in an oil-rich area in Deir ez-Zor province.Col (ret.) Alexander Zhilin, head of the Moscow-based Center for the Study of Applied Problems of National Security, said that there was an obvious trend for the Pentagon to create new facilities in and around Syria's largest oil and gas fields."Over the space of several years, the US has deployed 25 military facilities in Syria, and are continuing to build new ones." the analyst noted.The US and its coalition allies began a campaign of airstrikes against Daesh* in 2014, following it up by the deployment of US forces into Syrian-Kurdish areas as the terrorists' so-called caliphate began to shrink. Damascus has criticized the US intervention, repeatedly pointing out that it was never invited into the country by the internationally recognized government of President Bashar Assad.
IOWA PRELIMINARY WEATHER SUMMARY
By Michael Timlin, Regional Climatologist, Midwestern Regional Climate Center
Temperatures were above normal across the state while most of the state saw below average rainfall. Temperatures warmed through the week with maximum temperatures in the upper 50s and 60s early in the week climbing to the 90s by the end of the week in all but the northeastern corner of the state. Minimum temperatures climbed from the upper 40s and 50s to the 60s later in the week. The coolest temperature recorded during the week was 47 degrees at Sibley on the 21st while the warmest reading was 101 degrees at Red Oak on the 26th . With the rising temperatures, soil temperatures also rose from the upper 50s and 60s into the 70s by the end of the week. Widespread precipitation on the 21st gave way to scattered rain for the rest of the week. Severe weather on the 25th included strong winds and large hail. Wind reports over 60 mph and reports of trees and limbs downed along with large hail up to 2.00 inches in diameter came in from central to northeastern Iowa. Above normal precipitation was reported at only some locations in the northeastern third of the state while totals were less than 0.20 inches for many locations in the southwestern half of the state. Viewed as a percentage of normal, the rainfall ranged from 200 percent of normal to less than 10 percent of normal. The highest rainfall total was recorded at Estherville in Emmet County with 2.67 inches including 2.39 inches on the 23rd. The driest location was nearby at Primghar in O'Brien County where no precipitation fell during the week.
© Stephens
Now China must demonstrate that it is starting to grow into a more mature and constructive world role, in line with its economic power. Bleating about the need for all sides to show restraint without using its leverage over Pyongyang to good effect is feeble in the extreme. It may not want a united, western-facing Korea on its doorstep, but the alternative, an increasingly unpredictable and dangerous North Korea, is surely far less palatable.
Beijing has subtly undermined every Western attempt at diplomacy or sanctions so far, either watering down sanctions at the UN or watering them down at the border where trucks and ships regularly cross as part of a black market which helps sustain the North Korean economy.
China has intervened to prevent sanctioning of the companies involved, and recent demonstrations of stopping coal shipments were merely cosmetic. The most egregious example was in 2012, when Chinese-built mobile missile launchers took part in a military parade in downtown Pyongyang in full view of international journalists.
The Chinese Foreign Ministry cautioned on Thursday that Washington should not expect China to squeeze its neighbor, and ally, to the point that sanctions would provoke instability, and possibly the collapse of the North's government. Nor would China be enthusiastic about more sanctions being placed by others on North Korea, the ministry said.
Asked about the impact of secondary sanctions that could be applied by the United States on Chinese firms that do business with North Korea, the ministry's spokesperson said Beijing was opposed to such actions.
"China has always opposed the frequent use of unilateral sanctions in international affairs, and we especially oppose those sanctions that undermine China's interests," the spokesperson, Lu Kang, said at a briefing. "China always decides its own stance and policy based on the merit of the matter itself."
[President Trump's] confidence in China is not, so far, borne out by Beijing's actions. To listen to Wang Yi, China's foreign minister, it would be easy to think they were commenting on a distant stand-off over which their country had little or no influence....
For too long China has abdicated its responsibility for North Korea and sought to blame the West for stoking up tensions with Pyongyang. That will not wash any more. China needs to show some genuine leadership. The ball is firmly in its court.
China will always resist pressure to undermine the regime in Pyongyang because China's prestige and the internal stability of China's government are bound up with its survival.President Trump's tweet that they are not declaring China a currency manipulator because of China's help in stopping the North Korean programme has a distinct smell of blackmail about it. It implies that if Trump judges that China is not being 'helpful' with North Korea, they will retaliate by declaring China a currency manipulator.That this is a wholly misconceived threat should be obvious. Either China manipulates its currency or it does not. There is no logic to connecting this question to the wholly separate question of China's relationship with North Korea, and it discredits the stance of the US on the important currency question by saying there is.Beyond this the tweet shows a fundamental failure to understand the exact nature of China's relationship with North Korea. In this it should be said that this President is not alone. The same failure has dogged all US attempts to block the North Korean nuclear programme ever since it started in earnest in the 1980s.The US's consistent strategy has been to get China to use its supposedly 'massive leverage' to curtail the North Korean nuclear programme.Sometimes US hopes to go further still, with talk of the entire North Korean regime being supposedly a 'liability' to China, and that it is in China's own interest to work with the US to destabilise and overthrow this regime.President Trump has spoken in this way himself, but the clearest expression of this view has recently appeared in an editorial in The London Times, whose owner Rupert Murdoch is known to be personally close to TrumpThis will never happen, and it is not difficult to see why.The Chinese have never made any secret of their strong disapproval of the North Korean nuclear programme, which they recognise - even if the West does not - as partly intended to reduce North Korea's strategic dependence on them. They have also never hidden their contempt for the dynastic nature of North Korea's political system, and for their strong preference for the establishment in North Korea of a system of government more like their own.That there are tensions and even a measure of mutual dislike between the North Korean leadership and China is shown by the fact that Kim Jong-un has not visited China or met publicly with any senior Chinese official since they became North Korea's leader in December 2011. Moreover since becoming leader Kim Jong-un seems to have acted to curtail Chinese influence in North Korea, firstly by executing in December 2013 their uncle Jang Song-thaek, who is believed to have been close to China, and who some think was China's choice to succeed Kim Jong-un's father Kim Jong-il, and secondly by possibly ordering the murder of their half-brother Kim Jong-nam, who appears to have enjoyed a measure of protection from China.Not only did China fight a war against the US in the 1950s to secure the survival of the North Korean regime, butSuch an event would undoubtedly provoke a massive political crisis within China, and any Chinese leaders who allowed it to happen would not survive it.The relationship is exactly analogous to that between China and North Vietnam in the 1960s and early 1970s.Part of the rationale for the US opening to China in the early 1970s was to secure Chinese help to pressure China's ally North Vietnam into making concessions to the US at the peace talks between the US and North Vietnam in Paris.This was based on US knowledge of tensions between the North Vietnamese leadership and China.In the event China failed to apply the sort of pressure on North Vietnam that the US wanted it to, because China's prestige and that of China's leaders were too tied to North Vietnam for that to happen. Only after the US pulled out of Vietnam, and North Vietnam achieved victory over South Vietnam, was it possible for the tensions between China and the North Vietnamese leadership to flare up into the open.The recent talk about China's suspension of coal imports from North Korea is a case in point. This was first reported in February. However just 6 days ago Reuters was reporting it all over again as if it had only just happened, suggesting that the February report was a sham.The game China plays of pretending to support US moves against North Korea whilst actually doing nothing of the sort, was recently discussed in an article in The Daily TelegraphThe trade between China and North Korea is only "black market" because it suits China to pretend it is. In reality it is carried out on a massive scale and in the open, with recent reports from China suggesting it has increased . The New York Times article reporting this increase also reports this warning from China that it will not tighten trade restrictions on North Korea to the point of putting the survival of the North Korean regime at riskThe London Times editorial which I discussed previously expresses clearly the growing exasperation of the Trump administration and of others at China's refusal to act in the way the US wants it to against North KoreaThat would undoubtedly require the US to make reciprocal concessions to Pyongyang, which would probably include a reduction in the US military posture in South Korea. However iWhen the US did briefly talk to North Korea in the 1990s the agreements it made then appeared for a time to work, until the Clinton and George W. Bush administrations foolishly went back on them. That set the scene for the crisis we are in now. It is time the US went back to that approach.
Two major newspapers make #Zenit boss Roberto Mancini the favourite to become #Italy's next CT https://t.co/zVmP3u3x7S #Azzurri pic.twitter.com/tHsGLUtWKl
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — A US federal judge ruled that the US Army Corps of Engineers' environmental impact statement did not provide an adequate review of an oil spill on tribal lands, court documents stated.
“The agency failed to adequately consider the impacts of an oil spill on Standing Rock's fishing and hunting rights and on environmental justice, and in February 2017, it did not sufficiently weight the degree to which the project's effects are likely to be highly controversial in light of critiques of its scientific methods and data,” the document stated on Wednesday.
© REUTERS/ Josh Morgan/File Photo US Dakota Access Pipeline to Be Launched on Sunday
Despite the ruling, the court did not decide if Dakota Access will cease operations of the pipeline. The federal judge asked the court to schedule a briefing next week to decide what further action will take place.
In a separate statement on Wednesday, Standing Rock Sioux Tribe Chairman Dave Archambault II described the ruling as a major victory.
“The previous administration painstakingly considered the impacts of this pipeline, and President Trump hastily dismissed these careful environmental considerations in favor of political and personal interests,” Archambault stated. “We applaud the courts for protecting our laws and regulations from undue political influence and will ask the Court to shut down pipeline operations immediately.”
The nearly 1,200-mile, $3.7 billion Dakota Access pipeline began full operation on June 1 to transport domestically produced light crude oil from the US state of North Dakota through the states of South Dakota and Iowa into Illinois. Energy Transfer Partners, the developer behind Dakota Access, clashed with local tribes in legal battles and protests over environmental concerns.
× Stabbing Investigation in Wilkes-Barre
WILKES-BARRE — A stabbing in Wilkes-Barre is under investigation.
Officials say two men were fighting at a home on Hayes Lane when one of them pulled a knife around 1:30 a.m. on Wednesday.
Authorities haven't said how badly that man was hurt.
The names of those involved have not been released in that stabbing in Wilkes-Barre.
SPORTSCAST AUGUST 14, 2017
There new booklets of rules and regulations for the upcoming hunting seasons are available now. Conservation officer for Henry County Dan Henderson gives us some details, there are some changes you need to know about. The booklets can be found at Big Creek Outdoor Supply and at Walmart as well as any store that sells hunting and fishing licenses.
On Friday August 18th the fall Mt. Pleasant High School Sports teams will hold their meet the player's night. It will have a different look this year with the high school football teams scrimmaging against Ottumwa.
6:30 P.M. – Mt. Pleasant Athletic Booster Club begins serving meals
7:15 P.M. – Introductions of Cheerleaders, Players, Managers, and Coaches Begins
– 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th Cross Country
– 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th Football – then 9th & JV warm up while VB introductions
– 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th Volleyball
7:30 P.M. – Intro 9th, JV, & Varsity Cheerleaders;
7:40 P.M. – 9th grade MP vs. Ottumwa (North End) / JV MP vs. Ottumwa (South End)
8:00 P.M. – Varsity MP vs. Ottumwa
Because of lack of numbers in their first-year student football team, Ft. Madison is not playing a first-year student schedule. That means that on September 22nd Mt. Pleasant will play varsity only football at Ft. Madison with the varsity game beginning at 7:30 pm there will be no first-year student game that night.
The Knoxville Nationals sprint car championships were held in Knoxville, Iowa this past weekend. Donny Schatz won the feature for the 10th time in 12 years. Bobby Mincer of Burlington was 16th in the “D” main, while Josh Schneiderman of West Burlington was 16th in the “C” main races.
Justin Thomas 24 years old won the PGA Championship in Charlotte, N.C. this past weekend, they shot a 276 total and won by two strokes. They also got a check for $1.8 million for their efforts.
KARACHI: Around 10800 police officials will provide security cover to the teams of enumerators being deployed for national population census 2017 in Karachi.
The Sindh DIG – headquarters told the meeting chaired by Police Inspector General (IGP – Sindh), AD Khawaja here on Wednesday to review the arrangements underway for the exercise to be held after a gap of 19 years.
The meeting extensively reviewed arrangements, particularly made for the metropolis, in the context of police deployment, transportation, feeding charges, logistic support and ready availability of human force.
The meeting was also attended by Sindh Additional IGP Mushtaq Ahmed Mahar, the DIGs representing east, west and south zones of Karachi and other police officials along with those representing the provincial home department.
The Sindh police chief on the occasion directed the officials concerned to develop a comprehensive contingency plan for the exercise with provision for coordination among the relevant stakeholder.
They said this must be supplemented through a formation of the control room at district levels coupled with foolproof arrangements to streamline logistic support, police deployment, security and transportation.
Like many others, I was horrified to see that our Federal Conference in Bournemouth was only going to have a consultation session on Brexit and our relationship with the European Union.
That, I felt, was an opportunity missed to make very clear and unambiguous policy. We were a bit too equivocal during the election. Had Tim Farron said on the day the election was announced that if they walked into Downing Street as Prime Minister, the first thing they would do would be to revoke Article 50 because the political earthquake that would have happened would justify it, people would have understood and been convinced that we are an anti-Brexit party. Our referendum on the deal is a good mechanism to stop Brexit but it's not a good message.
Since the agenda was published, there have been a great number of behind the scenes representations to the party leadership and Federal Conference Committee saying that a consultation simply isn't good enough.
The good news is that there has been a rethink and Conference will now be given the opportunity if it wishes to have a debate rather than a consultation session. A motion will be published today on the party website. This motion will be amendable.
Because we are a democratic party, we don't just allow the agenda to be altered by anyone, so Conference has to give its consent. A vote will take place to enable the motion to be discussed in the very first session, at 9:05 am on Saturday 16th September, so those with sore heads from Lib Dem Pint will have to power on through and get in to the hall. If Conference allows the change, then the motion will be debated on Sunday 17th September between 10:45 and 12:30. If Conference votes against the change, the consultation session will take place as planned at the same time.
The motion itself will probably need amending. It calls for:
The Government to seek to reverse the triggering of Article 50 of the Lisbon treaty at the earliest opportunity and for the UK to retain its current status as a member of the European Union. The Liberal Democrats to continue to campaign for Britain to remain a member of the European Union. The Liberal Democrats to commit to seeking to reverse the triggering of Article 50 in the event of a Liberal Democrat-led Government being formed prior to the UK leaving the European Union and to construe their election as a democratic mandate for doing so.
While many in the party will agree with the aims, for me the motion as it stands doesn't outline a process for carrying this out. There has to be some sort of way of getting the people's consent for this so that referendum on the deal looks like the best mechanism for doing it.
We will probably see some sort of amendment from the leadership which sets all this out. It is good, though, that the starting point for this discussion is a motion that has come from members.
This is a very welcome development. It certainly fits with the much more robust “exit from Brexit” line taken by Vince Cable since they became leader.
* Caron Lindsay is Editor of Liberal Democrat Voice and blogs at Caron's Musings
© Unknown
With the rise of the #MeToo movement and national crackdown on harassment in the workplace, a survey on office romance says love is not in the air when it comes to co-workers dating.CareerBuilder's annual Valentine's Day poll found that"Office romance is experiencing a dip and whether it's impacted by the current environment around sexual harassment or by workers not wanting to admit the truth, the fact remains that office romance has been around forever and will continue to be," CareerBuilder's Rosemary Haefner said in a press release . While the survey shows a growing stigma around office relationships, 31 percent of workers who dated at work ended up getting married, according to the poll."The #MeToo movement is splashing cold water on whatever embers of romance are struggling to survive between men and women," Dr. Carole Lieberman told Reuters Careerbuilder cites the growing focus on inappropriate behavior in the workplace, exemplified by the dozens of high-profile male executives fired or forced to resign in the wake of sexual harassment claims. "One good aspect of the #MeToo movement might be an increased emphasis on communication when it comes to sex and romance," said Liz Wolfe, managing editor of Young Voices.CareerBuilder recommends that workers avoid dating supervisors that they work for or subordinates that work for them. "To avoid negative consequences at work, it's important to set ground rules within your relationship that help you stay professional," Haefner, CareerBuilder's chief of human resources adds.
Facebook shares plunged Monday following revelations that a firm working for US President Donald Trump's presidential campaign harvested data on 50 million users, as analysts warned the social media giant's business model could be at risk.
The drop of roughly 5 percent means that around $25 billion has been lost from the company's market value, reported UK-based online daily The Independent.
Calls for investigations came on both sides of the Atlantic after Facebook responded to the explosive reports of misuse of its data by suspending the account of Cambridge Analytica, a British communications firm hired by Trump's 2016 campaign.
"This is a major breach that must be investigated. It's clear these platforms can't police themselves," Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar said on Twitter.
Expressing "serious concern regarding recent reports that data from millions of Americans was misused in order to influence voters," Klobuchar and Republican Senator John Kennedy called for Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg and other top executives to appear before Congress, along with the CEOs of Google and Twitter.
In Europe, officials voiced similar outrage. Vera Jourova, European Commissioner for Justice, Consumers and Gender Equality, called the revelations "horrifying, if confirmed," and vowed to address their concerns while travelling to the United States this week.
In Britain, parliamentary committee chair Damian Collins said both Cambridge Analytica and Facebook had questions to answer following what appears to be a giant data breach, carried out in an attempt to influence voters` choices at the ballot box.
"We have repeatedly asked Facebook about how companies acquire and hold on to user data from their site, and in particular whether data had been taken from people without their consent," Collins said in a statement.
"Their answers have consistently understated this risk, and have also been misleading to the committee."On Wall Street, Facebook shares skidded 7.7 percent in midday trade amid concerns about pressure for new regulations that could hurt its business model.
Brian Wieser at Pivotal Research said the revelations highlight "systemic problems at Facebook," but that they won`t immediately impact Facebook revenues.
Still, they said "risks are now enhanced" because of the potential for regulations on how Facebook uses data for advertising and monitoring users.
According to a joint investigation by The New York Times and Britain's Observer, Cambridge Analytica was able to create psychological profiles on 50 million Facebook users through the use of a personality prediction app that was downloaded by 270,000 people, but also scooped up data from friends.
Cambridge Analytica said it was in touch with Facebook while denying any misuse of data. Facebook on Friday suspended the firm, but pushed back against the claim of a major breach, suggesting misused data was limited to a far smaller group of users.Jennifer Grygiel, a Syracuse University professor who studies social media, said the disclosures will increase pressure to regulate Facebook and other social media firms.
"Self-regulation is not working," Grygiel said. "I'm wondering how bad this needs to get before our regulators step in and hold these companies accountable."
Grygiel said the breach stems from "thin" regulations that allowed Facebook and its partners to exploit data without oversight. "They grew because of this," they said. "This was not a mistake."
Daniel Kreiss, a professor of media and communications at the University of North Carolina, said Facebook failed to live up to its responsibilities in handling targeted political ads as it expanded.
"The fact that Facebook seems to make no distinction between selling sneakers and selling a presidential platform is a deep problem," Kreiss said.
Some analysts suggested the breach posed an existential crisis for Facebook because of how it gathers and uses data on its two billion members.
David Carroll, a media professor at the New School's Parsons School of Design, said Facebook and others will soon be forced to live with new privacy rules such as those set to take effect in the European Union.
"Facebook and Google will have to ask users a lot more permission to track them," Carroll said. "Most people are going to say no, so I think it's going to have a huge impact on these companies."
Carroll has filed a legal action in Britain calling on Cambridge Analytica to disclose what data was gathered and used on him.
"If I can get them to disclose my data or my personality score, it indicates every other American has the right to the same thing," they said.
(With AFP inputs)
Rome, December 11 - There was no change at the top of Serie A at the weekend, with all the leading sides battling out goalless draws. Leaders Inter held champions Juventus 0-0 in Turin, while Napoli missed the chance to return top when they failed to break the deadlock at home against Fiorentina. Fourth-placed AS Roma could not find the net at Chievo either. Inter have 40 points from 16 games, one more than Napoli and two more than Juve. Roma have 35 points and a game in hand. Fifth-placed Lazio can pull level with Roma if they beat Torino later on Monday. Sixth-placed Sampdoria were held 2-2 by Cagliari. AC Milan got their first league win under new coach Gennaro Gattuso, beating Bologna 2-1.
Put your nostalgia to the test and give your earholes a listen to the new DuckTales theme song, soon to be stuck in your head FOREVER.
Disney XD's reboot of the greatest duck caper cartoon of your childhood features a new version of the jingle, sung by former American Idol contestant Felicia Barton -- but is it as good as the original, which is quite possibly the greatest TV theme song since the boob tube was invented? (Is now a good time to also mention that it's 30 years old?)
Give it a listen in the just-released opening credits of the show, which once again follows one-percenter Scrooge McDuck and their trouble-making grandnephews Huey, Dewey and Louie as they go on duck-ventures. Who knows, they might solve a mystery, they might rewrite history.
Lin-Manuel Miranda Joins Disney XD's DuckTales Reboot
The network also announced the series' premiere episode, a one-hour TV movie, will debut on Disney XD Saturday, Aug. 12. As in all of August 12. Like, 24 hours of consecutive DuckTales! The actual series will premiere Saturday, Sept. 23 at 7 a.m.
The voice cast includes David Tennant, Danny Pudi, Ben Schwartz, Bobby Moynihan and Kate Micucci.
Ducktales premieres Aug. 12 on Disney XD.
The Department of Education has posted the rescission of Obama era federal regulatory guidance documents encouraging educational institutions to discriminate on the basis of race in the name of the shibboleth of “diversity.” We previewed the rescission yesterday here. The Department of Education has now posted it here. It comes in the form of a “Dear Colleague” letter signed by senior officers of the Department of Education and the Department of Justice. After listing the specific guidance documents that are now rescinded, the letter provides this concise rationale:
These documents purport to explain the legal framework that governs the use of race by elementary, secondary, and postsecondary schools under the Constitution, Title IV of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Title IV), 42 U.S.C. §§ 2000c et seq., and Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (Title VI), 42 U.S.C. §§ 2000d et seq. The documents advocate specific policies and procedures for educational institutions to adopt, analyze a number of hypotheticals, and draw conclusions about whether the actions in those hypotheticals would violate the Equal Protection Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution or Title IV or Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
The Departments have reviewed the documents and have concluded that they advocate policy preferences and positions beyond the requirements of the Constitution, Title IV, and Title VI. Moreover, the documents prematurely decide, or appear to decide, whether particular actions violate the Constitution or federal law. By suggesting to public schools, as well as recipients of federal funding, that they take action or refrain from taking action beyond plain legal requirements, the documents are inconsistent with governing principles for agency guidance documents.
Accordingly, the Department of Education and the Department of Justice have decided to withdraw the documents. The protections from discrimination on the basis of race guaranteed by the Constitution, Title IV, and Title VI remain in place. The Departments are firmly committed to vigorously enforcing these protections on behalf of all students.
A house fire in Fostoria took the life of a woman Sunday afternoon.
According to interim fire Chief Brian Herbert, Fostoria Fire Department responded to a structure fire at 295 Boston Ave. at 2:32 p.m.
A female subject, who officials are refusing to identify pending the coroner's report, was located inside the home. Them body was taken by the Seneca County Coroner's office.
Crews initially attacked from the outside while another crew prepared to enter the home. Once inside, they located the victim in a bedroom, where the fire was determined to have originated, according to Herbert.
The 9-1-1 call reporting the fire stated two people were possibly inside, however, Herbert said there was only one victim.
Upon arrival, crews found the one-story, single-family residence fully engulfed with flames emitting from the side and rear and venting out of the windows.
“The initial attack crew of two firefighters was met with high heat and smoke conditions,” Herbert said, explaining all off-duty personnel were recalled and assistance was requested from Tiffin Fire & Rescue Division to man the station.
Due to the extensive fire damage the structure accrued, the cause of the fire is being listed as undetermined/under investigation pending the coroner's report.
The State Fire Marshal's Office was also requested at the scene, which Herbert said is “strictly” because the fire was fatal. The blaze is not being investigated as an arson.
Herbert also stressed the importance of making sure homes have working smoke detectors throughout the home. The fire department offers free smoke detectors for those who need them.
No further information was available at press time Sunday.
Comments
comments
Government has taken a step forward toward the creation of a beach boardwalk in South Sound.
The Ministry of Planning, Lands, Agriculture, Housing and Infrastructure this week opens the tender process for companies interested in constructing the boardwalk, which is expected to run on the beach from Red Bay dock more than 1,500 feet to the area in front of Cayman Crossing.
The tender will become available Friday (17 February).
The deadline to submit proposals is 17 March.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
NEW ORLEANS (AP) — The 8-year-old niece of pop star Britney Spears, who was injured in an all-terrain vehicle accident, still isn't well enough to return to school but was able to take Valentine's Day treats to their class in Louisiana Tuesday.
Eight-year-old Maddie Spears-Aldridge is the daughter of Spears' sister, actor and singer Jamie Lynn Spears.
According to a post on Jamie Lynn Spears' Instagram account, the girl was happy to see their friends again. Jamie Lynn Spears wrote that their daughter still isn't ready to go back to school but doctors cleared them for the Valentine's Day visit.
The Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's Office says Maddie was submerged in a pond inside the all-terrain vehicle Feb. 5 and nearby family members couldn't free them An ambulance service arrived and pulled them out.
They were released from the hospital last Friday.
Comments
comments
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Shenwan Hongyuan Hk Ltd:
* SEES ‍INCREASE OF APPROXIMATELY 27% IN FY CONSOL PROFIT AFTER TAX​
* EXPECTED RESULT DUE TO ‍COMPREHENSIVE GROWTH OF GROUP‘S CORE BUSINESSES DURING FY 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
MS Webb works with experienced auctioneers to provide an efficient service to sell unwanted items with ease.
[CROYDON, 2/7/2018] — Auction services are suitable for items that may still have value. MS Webb's auctioneer services deal with reselling seized items left on residential or commercial properties. The bailiff company gives advice on the best course of action to take when removing and disposing of unwanted items from your premises.
Reputable Auctioneer Services
MS Webb has over twenty-five years of experience as enforcement agents and bailiffs, and has the resources needed to help property owners successfully sell unwanted items. They provide a cost-effective solution to the auctioning process, offering on-site sales, online advertising, stock removal and more.
The auction services are available twenty-four hours a day and MS Webb's bailiffs are approachable and willing to answer any inquiries from their clients. The company's bailiffs pride themselves in their fast response times to assist their clients, sometimes being able to respond within the day.
Working with Auctioneers
The auctioning process in MS Webb is streamlined, with the bailiffs arranging the auction on their clients' behalf. Their years of experience in the industry has allowed them to build an extensive network of auctioneers. They work alongside the auctioneers to help clients appraise any unwanted goods to determine their worth. After they assess an item's value, they determine whether it is worth auctioning or more suited for disposal.
Taking advantage of MS Webb's auctioneer services helps clients avoid removal and storage fees while maximizing returns.
About MS Webb
Established in 1994 by Malcolm Webb, MS Webb has established itself as one of the most trusted bailiff consultancy companies in England and Wales. They have worked with a wide range of clients including private landlords, banks, law firms and other major business entities. MS Webb's bailiffs uphold the highest standards of professionalism and conduct all services strictly within the law.
Visit https://mswebb.co.uk/ for more details.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
On January 23, 2018, Savannah-Chatham County police headed to the home of 20-year-old Ricky Jerome Boyd. They were a suspect in the murder of a 24-year-old man on January 21, 2018. According to The New York Post, “Occupants of the home were told to come outside, the GBI said in a news release, and when Boyd emerged, they confronted officers with what looked like a handgun. Boyd was shot several times by officers after they ignored their verbal warnings and raised the weapon, which was later determined to be a ‘BB air gun' powered by carbon-dioxide, the GBI said. Boyd died later at a hospital.” An officer did suffer gunshot wounds but when asked in January “whether Wilson was struck by gunfire fired by other law enforcement officers, Bodrey said: ‘It's still being investigated.'”
SEE ALSO: Calls For Starbucks Boycott After The Company's Weak Apology For A Racist Arrest
Four months later, the body cam footage hasn't been released and the Ricky's mother Jameillah Smiley is demanding answers. In an interview with PBS, they revealed they have been the body-cam video and Boyd was surrendering, not engaging in a shot out as the police claimed, “He was wiping their eye. And they walked out, presented their arms out, like they were surrendering, turned to their left, and they were immediately shot, falling forward to the ground.” They also say there was no BB gun in their hand.
As for their son being a murder suspect, Smiley said, “The local detectives here also have been back to my home. And, no, they have said that my son — they know my son not — have not committed this murder. So, I don't know why they have not come forth and cleared my son's name. But they know my son didn't commit that murder.” They also added, “He was innocent, they were a good person, and that they didn't commit any of those things that these officers are saying. They never shot at a cop. They never committed a murder. And my life's son is taken.” Jameillah is demanding the body-cam footage be released. Savannah-Chatham County police declined to comment to PBS.
Sadly, this sounds like another case of corrupt case trying to cover their treks. Considering the history of the blue wall of silence, we are more inclined to believe the mother rather than the cops. The body-cam footage should have been released within weeks. Watch a clip of the interview below:
"I'm three months into their killing and have yet to receive an autopsy" or "any type of information concerning my son's killing," Jameillah Smiley, the mother of Ricky Boyd, says in their first national TV interview. Boyd was shot and killed by Savannah, Ga., police in January. pic.twitter.com/7wm71SdyZm — PBS NewsHour (@NewsHour) April 23, 2018
SEE ALSO:
Forgive But Don't Forget: Remembering Those Times When Barbara Bush Waded Into The Waters Of Race
Billy Graham's Complicated Relationship With Black America, Explained
Woman Shouts N-Word, Literally Stops The Show At ‘Black Panther' NJ Screening
ADVERTISEMENT
Like so many recent elections, France's presidential vote this Sunday has been upended by an aging leftist.
Until recently it seemed as though the two top contenders would be the former investment banker Emmanuel Macron of the centrist En Marche!, and Marine Le Pen of the far-right National Front — with scandal-plagued François Fillon, of the center-right Republicans, as an outside possibility. If nobody gets a majority, then there will be a runoff between the top two on May 7.
But 65-year-old Jean-Luc Mélenchon, of the leftist Unsubmissive France, has surged to within striking distance, throwing the race into turmoil. The most recent polls have all four within a couple points of one another.  They are one more representative of an international left that is, slowly and haltingly, finding its feet once more.
Many aspects of this election are highly unusual. Most notably, it seems quite likely that neither of the parties that have ruled France since the 1950s are going to make it to the runoff. Fillon — whose Republicans are descended from the traditional center-right party — is in last place among the top four. And dogged by the staggering unpopularity of the current president, François Hollande, the traditional center-left Socialist Party candidate has slid to fifth place and is considered well out of contention.
Second, both En Marche! and Unsubmissive France were only formed last year — the former for the express purpose of advancing Macron's career, while the latter wants to dissolve France's Fifth Republic. They would call a constituent assembly to create a Sixth Republic — this one a proper proportional parliamentary democracy, without the powerful presidency that Charles de Gaulle put into the French constitution. (That means Mélenchon is running in part so they might abolish their own job.)
Now, I have no special expertise in French history or politics. But it's pretty clear that this immense political upheaval is largely the long-delayed fallout from the financial crisis of 2008, and the ongoing eurozone disaster.
No Western nation has recovered properly from the 2008 crisis — and while the United States' post-2008 performance has been weak at best, the eurozone has done far, far worse. That currency area is an economic dictatorship, ruled with an iron fist by a handful of technocrats at the European core.
Ireland, Greece, Portugal, and Spain had a knock-on debt crisis after 2008. But instead of negotiating an orderly debt writedown and a return to economic health, eurozone elites forced massive austerity down their throats — which made the debt problem worse, while strangling growth and causing mass unemployment. The political center crumbled in southern Europe. But when left-wing Syriza won the Greek elections in 2015 and tried to negotiate a halt to austerity, the European Central Bank deliberately caused a bank run there as punishment. Syriza capitulated.
Over the past several years, France has gotten a much smaller taste of the eurocrat truncheon. Hollande came to power promising an end to austerity, but they did not want confrontation with financial markets, eurozone elites, or Germany. That necessitated quite a lot of up-front austerity in 2012 to meet utterly bananas eurozone budget targets. When neither fast growth nor full employment resulted, Hollande fully embraced austerity and neoliberalism, proposing a package of spending cuts and deregulation called the Macron bill — after the very same candidate Macron, who was then the Socialist economic minister. The Socialist leadership rammed the bill through parliament without a vote in 2015, over the loud objections of half their own party.
That didn't work either. France has still grown, but less than Germany or the United States. Since the Macron bill, things have gotten markedly worse, with unemployment failing to fall in line with other eurozone nations — and increasing to over 10 percent in late 2016, where it remains as of the latest data.
Naturally, eurocrats continue to blame France's employment problem on excessive worker protections and social spending. But the abysmal failure of the Macron bill suggests that further neoliberal policy will have the opposite of the advertised effect. No doubt there are some other structural problems holding down employment it could address, but as Thomas Piketty explains, France's economy is not in bad shape overall — indeed, it is among the most productive in the world. Its biggest problem, without question, is the claws of the eurozone elite around its throat.
The eurozone works for Germany alone, and not even that well. France needs to be able to set economic policy according to their own needs; what it will get from eurocrats is austerity and neoliberal assault on workers and social programs with absolutely complete disregard to the ensuing effects.
French politics is experiencing the same basic process that happened in Greece. Capitulation to eurozone madness has cracked apart the ruling Socialist Party, and opened up space for the far right and far left. Le Pen has gotten tremendous mileage out of a detailed and frankly rather convincing argument against the eurozone dictatorship, coupled to flagrant anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant bigotry stoked by the Syrian refugee crisis and several recent terrorist attacks. Until recently, the political terrain of eurozone abuses was left entirely to them One famous National Front slogan goes: "Austerity: Brussels wants, Hollande does."
But Mélenchon has seized some of that ground.  They are a eurozone critic who wishes to renegotiate France's terms of eurozone membership, or failing that, leave altogether. They show that there is political potential in running against the eurozone without indulging heinous bigotry.
Recently the international far right has been the subject of intense media interest, and with Brexit and the election of Trump, pundits are terrified of a potential Le Pen victory. But the rise of the international left is at least as significant a story.
Mélenchon is a bit of an odd duck who has campaigned with holograms and video games. But in this they bear a marked personal similarity to Bernie Sanders and Jeremy Corbyn, two other rather weird old-time lefties who were about the only people standing when the clanking democratic process found a sudden space opened up for a genuine left-wing voice. Their brand-new party immediately calls to mind Greece's Syriza and Spain's Podemos. Years after it would have made immediate tactical sense for leftists to challenge centrist eurocrat lapdogs, they have finally built up enough political steam in many countries to seriously contest an election. France likely won't be the last one.
If elected, it remains to be seen whether Mélenchon and their party will have the competence and courage to successfully challenge the eurozone elite. Syriza failed, while Corbyn's leadership of the U.K. Labour Party has led mainly to internecine squabbling. On the other hand, the France-Germany partnership is the very core of the European Union and the eurozone. The eurocrats will not have nearly the political space to hand down diktats at economic knifepoint.
Only one thing is for sure: The eurozone elite almost could not have failed Europe more profoundly. Without serious change, both leftist and rightist rebellion will continue to boil up.
In case you hadn't noticed from the massacred flower display at your local grocery store, it's Valentine's Day in America, and you better believe tear-jerker This Is Us wasn't going to let the biggest emo holiday on the calendar go by without tears.
Naturally, this beautifully flawed family wasn't going to go all teddy bears, heart-shaped candy boxes and roses. Ha! In fact, if we saw any at all they're hard to even remember. Instead, This Is Us dove head first into the difficult parts of love, and the ways the Pearsons' hearts either open wide or shrink for the people they love when put to the test.
Watch the Is Us cast react to their last day on set
We'll start with Kevin (Justin Hartley), who (finally) became the unexpected hero. It's abundantly clear now that Kevin's greatest challenge is their uphill battle in loving themselves -- to overcome the self-doubt and insecurity he's displayed all season. Just before their big play with Sloane (Milana Vayntrub), Kevin dreams (again) about being dissed by Katie Couric. Kevin struggles mightily with defeating self-talk, as William (Ron Cephas Jones) pointed out previously, and in a flashback, we learn he'd been having sex with their future ex-wife Sophie (Alexandra Breckenridge) as a teenager.
It's just when he's getting a stern lecture from Jack (Milo Ventimiglia) about condoms and respecting women that Randall (Sterling K. Brown) comes in, having one of their soon-to-be recurring anxiety attacks over a test, and Jack hustles to calm them down. By doing so, Jack unknowingly abandons Kevin (yet again in Kevin's mind), reinforcing their feelings of inadequacy that cause them to seek validation in women and Hollywood excess.
In the present, Kevin's dilemma is to overcome their fear of being on stage -- the most vulnerable place a performer can be -- and they get an unexpected pep talk from their step-dad Miguel, who finally addresses their disconnect. Miguel, who real-life Milo tells us will be much more likeable going forward, mans up and tells Kevin he's always been dismayed Kevin didn't like him, because Kevin reminds them so much of their best friend, Kevin's father Jack. "You are Jack Pearson's son," Miguel says, "you have them inside you," giving Kevin a boost of confidence he'd use later to make an impressive, risky choice.
This Is Us: the Pearson's aren't good at parties
Speaking of risks, aren't we relieved to know Kate (Chrissy Metz) didn't risk throwing away all they had with Toby by creeping into Duke's cottage for some nookie. Whew. We just knew they were gonna say, "Screw it" and they'd open a secret stash of delicious cakes and make crunchy, verboten love on a pile of chips but THANK GOD, they did the right thing. After their sanctimonious sermon to him, they got kicked out, landing back into the arms of Toby. Also good on her, they came clean with him, not pretending to be there on their own volition but because they got sassy with the wrong guy and got sent home.
Them honesty about being mean to Toby (although I agree Toby shouldn't have been there; super inconsiderate) beget their honesty: they don't really know each other. Like, basic stuff: favorite color and pets and deets you should've established on date three or four. But then, they haven't been on many dates, and both of them longed for somebody, which pushed them into a relationship way soon. For a while, they seemed on the verge of implosion -- especially when sensitive topics including their suicidal thoughts and their feelings about their dad came up. But they got through it, although the fact that they're just now learning Who Is My Boo 101 raises concerns for their future.
Sterling K. Brown, This Is Us
Clearly though, the couple we're most concerned about now after this episode is Jack and Rebecca (Mandy Moore). Sure, Rebecca is becoming quite problematic but Jack is showing some flaws too. They buried their dissatisfaction with Rebecca going off on tour, only opening up when prompted by Miguel (Jon Huertas) to be honest that no, they aren't jazzed about their wife leaving them and the kids for an extended stretch. It's the kind of buried resentment that eventually explodes, and boy, did it ever.
Jack found out that their wife kept another secret (that bandmate Ben used to be their boyfriend way back in the day), which made them start to look really sneaky. I get that they didn't want to make a big deal of it, but that's precisely why they should've been up front about it, and let them informed husband make a decision. But they didn't do that. Perhaps even worse, Ben casually drops the other bomb: that Rebecca was never super into the whole family thing -- which isn't the first time we've heard that. Coupled with the fact that they want to run off with their band for a while, she's starting to look not like the occasional emotional klutz but someone who stumbled into family life out of fear of losing a great guy and duty to their children. That ain't good. Neither, of course, is Jack's drinking again.
All that begins to raise a lot of questions, beginning with, Is Jack really a great partner or just really good at keeping a kinda-requited love smitten with him? In the final scene, Jack goes to have some ceremonial V-Day burger and onion rings, and it sure looks like he's alone. Does Rebecca show? Did they go on tour against their wishes? What a crappy Valentine's Day. But then, the Pearsons aren't good at holidays.
This Is Us: How did Jack Die?
One man who might actually relish being alone for a while is poor Randall. Randall has had it. Randall needs some meditation techniques, some good meds and some time off. But no. They keep trucking, through one crisis after another that only gets more intense. Their dad is dying before their eyes; their kids are being kids; Beth's mom broke a hip and work is unpredictable, demanding and increasingly competitive. He's shaking from the stress, and in flashbacks we know it's been this way since adolescence. Perhaps fueled by their sense of compounded otherness -- an adopted black man in a white family -- Randall works harder than everyone else and they overcompensate.
It's caught up to them though, in fantastic scenes where he's dissolved into tears in a meeting and then clearly having a nervous breakdown late at night, in the office alone. So they call their brother Kevin -- with whom the bonds of love are just now becoming fully realized after years of alienation -- to say they can't make Kevin's performance. Kevin, with their friends and family gathered and their fight-or-flight mechanism telling them to run, recognizes their brother's deep anguish; he's ignored it before, as we saw in a flashback. So Kevin has to make a choice: stay, confront their fear and do the play; or help their brother, all but certainly ruining what's left of their career and screwing over their co-star/playwright ex once again in the process.
Kevin did what Jack would do: be with their family. But did they do it out of love? Hmm. It was really good of them to go be with their brother. On the other hand, it was a really good excuse to shuck responsibility and they carelessly left everyone hanging without explanation. Love, or cowardice? Sometimes it's hard to tell.
This Is Us airs Tuesdays at 9/8c on NBC.
Disappointing not to get the 3 points today but we go again and all about next week now. Looking forward to a big few days ahead so happy for @IngsDanny today too with their goal #YNWA pic.twitter.com/4jKllGeGBg
Former Student Was Falsely Accused as Charles Murray Protester
Racial Profiling Charged; Investigation Pending
Close MATT GILLIS/THE MIDDLEBURY CAMPUS MATT GILLIS/THE MIDDLEBURY CAMPUS
An expanded and updated version of this story was published in the print issue of The Campus on Sept. 28. It can be accessed here.
In the weeks after protesters disrupted Charles Murray's planned lecture at Middlebury College last March, administrators here acted on an accusation by a Public Safety officer that turned out to be false. The officer insisted they saw Addis Fouche-Channer '17 at the protest. They were never there.
“I pulled a student off the car with the name of Addis,” the officer told private investigators hired by the college, according to a transcript of the conversation obtained by The Campus. “She had a comment about, you can't do this to me. Just saying other things. And I thought they were going to get into this racial thing with me.”
The officer's name is being withheld because of a pending investigation into whether they racially profiled Fouche-Channer, who is black.
In interviews with private investigators and the Middlebury police in March, the officer verbally identified Fouche-Channer by name as the one they pulled off Bill Burger's car, which was parked by the service building and served as the escape vehicle for Charles Murray and Allison Stanger. The officer gave no other evidence that Fouche-Channer was there, the transcripts show.
The Middlebury police requested an interview with Fouche-Channer on March 20 on the basis of the Public Safety officer's testimony.
“We are trying to identify who might have assaulted Ms. Stanger,” the police officer wrote in an email. Fouche-Channer declined the interview.
Private investigators, two from law firms in Burlington and one from a firm in Middlebury, asked Fouche-Channer on April 21 to “offer your statement.” They declined their interview request three times.
One of two judicial deans, who met with students the investigators had identified, then sent a letter on May 9 charging Fouche-Channer with violating college policy.
“As a result of allegations regarding your conduct at that event, concerns were raised that you may have violated Middlebury's Demonstrations and Protests policy,” the dean wrote. The case would be heard by the community judicial board because it was a “significant” non-academic policy violation.
The letter said Fouche-Channer could opt to have a “disposition without hearing,” in which students “who do not contest the charges” may ask a judicial dean to adjudicate unilaterally. In effect, they could either go before the judicial board or have the dean make a final judgment on their innocence or guilt.
They chose neither option and instead contested the allegation.
Fouche-Channer described to The Campus their quest to provide the dean with evidence that they were not at the protest — including a network log gathered by the school's IT department that showed the locations and timestamps of their Wi-Fi access on March 2.
They gathered five statements from friends and a coworker describing their interactions with them before, during and after the time of the protest. They forwarded blog posts for their Chinese class and emails they sent that evening. They also pulled a step counter from their phone that showed increased activity when they were at the gym.
“There's literally five or six testimonies that place me anywhere else but that protest, and this is actually up for debate because one Public Safety officer couldn't decide one black person from another person in the dark?” Fouche-Channer said to the judicial dean.
“That may be the case, I don't know, but they say very clearly that they saw you,” the dean replied.
When Fouche-Channer was first told that they had been accused of being at the car, they flatly said that was impossible. The judicial dean said, “Do you have any way to prove or demonstrate that?”
The dean said if Fouche-Channer could not supply conclusive evidence that they were in Proctor from 6:45 to 7:30 p.m., the case would go to a full hearing by the judicial board. If other evidence corroborated them claim, the dean said, “then we can 100 percent say that there's no need to proceed.”
On May 13, the dean ordered judgment in an email to Fouche-Channer. With IT's Wi-Fi logs in hand, the dean wrote, “there does not seem to be a good reason to move forward with a hearing.”
Fouche-Channer described how the judicial process affected their senior spring.
“I spent hours consulting my mentors, collecting evidence, scheduling meetings and trying to manage my own stress and mental health during this process,” Fouche-Channer said. “It was extremely taxing, especially during my last finals week and last few days at Middlebury. On top of this I was also trying to finalize a job. This process made my last moments on campus so much more anxiety ridden and upsetting than you could imagine.”
The saga did not end when Fouche-Channer graduated. Over the summer, they contacted Public Safety seeking an apology from the officer whom they said had racially profiled them This prompted a formal internal investigation into whether the officer violated Middlebury's anti-discrimination policy.
On June 30, a human relations officer (HRO) at the college videochatted with Fouche-Channer to address their charge that the Public Safety officer racially profiled them
“What I can do is help to find out if [the officer] is a bigot,” the HRO said to Fouche-Channer. “And if he's a bigot, and they falsely identified you because of your race or because of any other protected characteristic, then I personally don't want them working at Middlebury College.”
The HRO sought to determine whether Fouche-Channer was at Bill Burger's car. On July 18, the HRO told her, “It has become clear that some additional information will be extremely helpful to an effort to corroborate your claims.”
They asked Fouche-Channer to provide “all correspondence (emails, texts, social media posts, etc.) and all other work that you performed while you were at Proctor during the early evening hours of March 2, 2017,” as well as “copies of all of your correspondence (emails, texts, social media posts, etc.) with others from the time you left Proctor until the end of the day (midnight) on March 2, 2017.”
The Campus spoke with one student who was at the protest and was contacted in August by the HRO leading the investigation. The student, who requested anonymity fearing retribution from the college, said the HRO asked where Fouche-Channer was during the day and night of March 2. The HRO also tried repeatedly to establish whether someone wearing pink was at Bill Burger's car, according to the student.
“Throughout this investigative process there's never been an attempt to hold administrators accountable,” the student said. “Their only focus is the ruthless and unrelenting path of trying to identify and punish students.”
Fouche-Channer criticized how their racial profiling complaint was handled.
“Even when the Middlebury judicial system concluded that I was not involved with the protests on March 2, [the HRO] still conducted their own identical investigation, as if there was still a chance that I was lying about my location during the protest,” Fouche-Channer said. “His job was to figure out if [the Public Safety officer] was racially profiling me, not whether I was telling the truth or not. That had already been determined weeks before. Throughout this process I was guilty before I was proven innocent.”
An email to Fouche-Channer dated Sept. 14 said the investigation was complete. As of press time, no decision has been made on whether racial profiling occurred.
Fouche-Channer was originally told a decision would be made this week. But on Thursday at 8:07 a.m., a second HRO told Fouche-Channer they would not be able to make a decision by the following day.
“I am contacting you to advise that I have been out of the office unexpectedly this week,” the HRO wrote. “Because of this, the decision in this matter will be delayed until some time next week.”
The Public Safety officer did not respond to a request for comment. None of the officials involved in the investigation responded to requests for comment.
Bill Burger, the college's spokesperson, declined to give details about the investigation when asked.
“I haven't seen it and I have something else pressing right now,” they said in an email on Friday, Sept. 15. “I won't be able to talk to you until Monday at the earliest.”
On Thursday, after Fouche-Channer was told a decision had been delayed, Burger said, “It now appears that the determination in the case will not be communicated until next week.”
When asked what day the decision would be released, Burger said, “I don't know. But not until next week.”
The Campus will continue reporting this story as it develops.
Chief Justice of Pakistsan Mian Saqib Nisar has said that any impediment including unfavorable working conditions should not come in the way of judges to dispense justice to the masses.
Addressing the meeting of National Judicial Policy Making Committee in Islamabad today, the chief justice said that the judges should serve the masses with passion and honesty.
They pointed out that the judiciary is an important organ of the state and it has to fulfill its responsibilities.
The Chief Justice said that constitution is the supreme document whilst parliament which frames laws is the supreme institution. They said we are subservient to the laws formulated by the parliament. They said the judges should have full grasp over the laws.
The Chief Justice said that the judiciary is bound to decide cases in accordance with the laws.
loading...
Concept stock photograph depicting Cybersecurity theme, Thursday, April 28, 2016. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, who delivers their first budget in May, will look to spend A$230 million on 33 cybersecurity measures involving 100 new jobs, including extra resources for the government's Computer Emergency Response Team, the Australian Crime Commission and the Australian Federal Police. (AAP Image/Dave Hunt) NO ARCHIVING
A LISMORE resident has dodged a possible scam over the weekend, after they felt something was amiss when trying to sell their car to an online buyer.
The local resident had advertised their 2007 Commodore on eBay and in the paper when they were contacted via email on Saturday from an interested party.
They said the first indicator was the buyer refused to talk over the phone and neglected to ask any questions about the vehicle for sale.
"We sort of knew something shonky was going on then,” the Lismore resident said.
"They've got to ring us up and want to know what the car is all about.”
The next alarm bell was the buyer kept pushing for the sellers PayPal account details and the mention of a shipping agent that no long exists in Australia.
"They were trying to get our PayPal account for some unknown reason, but we didn't give it to them.”
"That's when we knew, we sent them an email saying we were going to contact the police and they didn't get back to us at all after that.”
Senior Constable David Henderson said if a buyer or seller makes unusual demands or is evasive about payment details, then people may want to reconsider.
"Australians reported a loss of $83,561,599 to scammers last year, the reported figure is no doubt much higher,” Snr Const Henderson said.
Snr Const Henderson reminds everyone to use caution and keep an eye out for the warning signs when buying or selling online.
Signs of potential fraudulent behaviour could include:
A person will try to buy expensive goods without asking questions or inspecting them.
Asking you to pay transportation or insurance.
Offer to sell very expensive items at a fraction of their real price.
Ask you to supply them with your banking details.
Say that they cannot phone you or see you in person.
"Scammers may also send you a cheque for more than the agreed sale price. They then ask you to refund the difference quickly - before you discover that the cheque has bounced,” Snr Const Henderson said.
Stay up to date on scams by visiting https://www.scamwatch.gov.au and Richmond LAC on Facebook.
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House Pause
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
3:30 Victim of romance scam tells their story
0:53 Rainy Valentine's Day morning in DFW
1:42 Water gushes over dam near flooded Sacramento
0:10 Suspects in armed robberies
Last month, Dodge announced one lucky bidder at the upcoming June 20-23 Barrett-Jackson Northeast Auction would be the new owner of the final 2018 Dodge Challenger SRT Demon and the last Dodge Viper. The automaker is auctioning off both as a pair. There'll be no way to split the two iconic Dodge vehicles until after you own them. How much will the pair go for? Well, the 2015 Dodge Challenger SRT Hellcat VIN0001 raised $1.65 million for charity in 2014. These two should go for much more than that. Now today, Dodge has announced that final Demon has finally rolled off the assembly line at the Brampton Assembly Plant in Ontario, Canada.
You might be wondering why the Demon isn't that promised Viper Red. Dodge says the 2018 Demon will now travel to an upfit center for its final stages of assembly. That includes the hand-painted exclusive Viper Red exterior color, 18-inch aluminum wheels, 18-inch Demon drag radial tires, Demon vehicle badging, and one-of-a-kind VIN instrument panel badging. That black exterior color will be gone in no time. This is the last 840-horsepower Demon of the limited run car. Only 3,300 units were produced.
The other vehicle going up for auction as a pair in what Dodge calls “The Ultimate Last Chance” is the 2017 Dodge Viper – that is until the Viper returns in a few rumored years. Combined horsepower between the two is an astounding 1,485. The Viper packs an 8.4-liter V10 engine producing 645 hp. The Viper includes aerospace-grade lightweight carbon fiber body, iconic side exhaust, and massive 14-inch-wide rear tires. It, too, will be painted in Viper Red. The car features carbon-fiber exterior accents, black Alcantara leather seats, an exclusive VIN instrument panel badge, and authentication kit.
Dodge says 100 percent of the proceeds will United Way.
Source: Dodge
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge's search for a win on the road continues after a 2-0 defeat to Yeovil Town in Sky Bet League Two.
It's now 13 games since Cambridge United won away to Crewe and the U's will be flabbergasted at how they didn't come away from Huish Park with the three points.
And, this time, the blame has to lie at the door of the players.
You can't compensate for three goals that should have been scored -by Uche Ikpeazu, Billy Waters and Brad Halliday - and neither can Shaun Derry.
The team was set up correctly and the midfield carved upon Yeovil Town's at-time hapless defence but they just could find the net.
And it was another one of those performances that you can pick the positives from but has ultimately ended in defeat. It also leaves the U's closer to the relegation zone than the play-offs and lodged firmly in mid-table.
And if the old problem of not taking chances reared its head again, then a slightly newer problem of not being awarded penalties opened the game.
Waters burst into the area and was caught from behind by Nathan Smith and, after taking a moment, referee Darren Drysdale blew – for a free-kick, rather than a penalty, and gave the striker a warning.
But after that, it was a positive first-half display for the U's and after a few half-chances, a wonderful floated pass from Waters was met at the back post by Ikpeazu, who just couldn't keep their effort down.
Liam O'Neil then smacked a volley which was well saved by Artur Krysiak, but the best chance of the half fell to Waters.
A superb pass from Adam Phillips was helped on, first time, by Jevani Brown to put Waters through one on one. The striker tried to place the ball across the keeper but put it beyond the far-post as well.
At the other end of the pitch the U's were hardly tested but did well when called upon, with Yeovil's only effort of note coming after Jordan Green beat Phillips to whip a fierce shot that curled away from the near-post.
And if they should have been ahead at half-time, they should have definitely been ahead three minutes after the break.
Halliday played in Ikpeazu who turned their man and had an effort with the outside of their boot which Krysiak could only parry straight back to Halliday who, with the goal beckoning, managed to push the ball wide.
Things got worse moments later, however. The only way that Yeovil were going to get into this game was from a set-piece and on 54 minutes that's how they took the lead.
A free-kick from around 25-yards was floated into the area, helped on and then an emphatic finish from defender Nathan Smith from six-yards, smacking it on the volley, gave the Glovers the lead with their first effort on target of the game.
After the goal the pattern of the game didn't change at all against the obviously tiring Glovers side.
And Derry rolled the dice, bringing on George Maris for O'Neil and Jake Carroll for Adam Phillips with 25 minutes to go.
But only half-chances followed for the U's, who never truly regained their rhythm after falling behind, and then the suckerpunch came.
Moments after Harrison Dunk, moved onto the wing for the final part of the game, blazed over the crossbar, Yeovil made their way down the pitch and excellent work from Rhys Browne ended in them pulling a cross back for Alex Fisher who finished from close-range after only being on the pitch for a matter of seconds.
Brown hit the crossbar soon after but it could have been worse for the U's with Fisher inches away from bagging their brace with a minute to go.
Marina Litvinenko, widow of murdered former KGB officer Alexander, tells Sky News about their thoughts on Jeremy Corbyn's comments in relation to the Skripal poisoning.
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks are rallying Monday and regaining much of the ground they lost last week as investors' fears about tensions between the U.S. and North Korea appeared to ease. Technology companies and banks are making some of the largest gains as almost all types of stocks advance. About 90 percent of the companies listed in the S&P 500 are trading higher.
KEEPING SCORE: The S&P 500 jumped 23 points, or 0.9 percent, to 2,464 as of 3 p.m. Eastern time. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 125 points, or 0.6 percent, to 21,983. The Nasdaq composite added 77 points, or 1.2 percent, to 6,333. The Russell 2000 index of smaller companies climbed 18 points, or 1.3 percent, to 1,392.
Last week rising tensions between the U.S. and North Korea startled investors out of the complacency that has dominated the stock market for most of this year. That eased Monday after officials said fighting is not imminent. The top U.S. military officer said the country wants to resolve the standoff peacefully. Thursday was the worst day for stocks since mid-May, while Monday is shaping up to be the best day since late April.
LEADERS: Technology stocks outpaced the rest of the market following a strong report on the state of Japan's economy. Apple added $2.16, or 1.4 percent, to $159.64 and Microsoft picked up $1.09, or 1.5 percent, to $73.59. Western Digital advanced $2.69, or 3.4 percent, to $82.59.
THE QUOTE: “What the market really reacted negatively to on Thursday was Trump's somewhat incendiary comments about ‘fire and fury,'” said Dave Lafferty, chief market strategist of Natixis Global Asset Management. “The administration sort of walked back Trump's comments over the weekend.”
But while stocks climbed, investors weren't ready to loosen their grip on some traditionally safe investment. The price of gold didn't move much and bond prices slipped only a small amount.
NEW BUYER NETS NEFF: Equipment rental company Neff said it received a buyout offer worth $25 per share, or $596 million. It did not say who made the offer, but Neff said its board has decided the new offer is superior to a bid from H&E Equipment Services that the company accepted last month. H&E Equipment has the right to match the new offer. Neff climbed $4.10, or 18.8 percent, to $25.95. H&E's offer valued Neff at $21.07 a share.
H&E Equipment lost 62 cents, or 2.9 percent, to $20.97.
FRIENDLY NABORS: Drilling technology developer Tesco said it will be acquired by drilling contractor Nabors Industries in an all-stock deal. The companies said Tesco is being valued at $4.62 a share. Tesco added 52 cents, or 13.5 percent, to $4.43. Nabors lost 12 cents, or 1.8 percent, to $6.68.
STICKER SHOCK? Fiat Chrysler climbed after Automotive News reported that a Chinese carmaker offered to buy the company. It did not identify that company and said Fiat Chrysler rejected the offer because it wasn't high enough, but investors hoped another bid would come. Fiat Chrysler stock gained $1.05, or 9 percent, to $12.66.
BONDS: Bond prices turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.22 percent from 2.19 percent late Friday. That helped banks, as higher bond yields mean higher interest rates and greater profits on mortgages and other loans.
Bank of America climbed 55 cents, or 2.3 percent, to $24.42 and JPMorgan Chase gained $1.17, or 1.3 percent, to $92.59.
RHIMES AND REASON: Shonda Rhimes, the creator of popular television series such as “Scandal” and “Grey's Anatomy,” will leave ABC and make shows for Netflix under a new contract. Financial terms were not disclosed. Netflix, which already spends billions of dollars a year on programming, has recently started shelling out more money for new shows. Last week it bought comic book publisher Millarworld, its first-ever acquisition.
Netflix lost $1.07 to $170.33.
TARGET'S GRAND PLAN: Retailer Target is buying a delivery logistics company to help it offer same-day delivery service to in-store shoppers. The company did not say how much it will pay for Grand Junction, a firm that connects retailers with about 700 delivery companies around the country that pick up items from distribution centers and take them to customers. It is already testing same-day delivery at a New York store.
Target stock climbed 72 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $55.75.
ENERGY: U.S. crude oil lost $1.23, or 2.5 percent, to $47.59 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, shed $1.37, or 2.6 percent, to $50.73 a barrel in London.
Wholesale gasoline lost 4 cents to $1.58 a gallon. Heating oil fell 3 cents to $1.61 a gallon. Natural gas slid 2 cents to $2.96 per 1,000 cubic feet.
METALS: Gold fell $3.60 to $1,290.40 an ounce. Silver added 5 cents to $17.12 an ounce. Copper dipped 1 cent to $2.90 a pound.
CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 109.59 yen from 109.04 yen. The euro fell to $1.1786 from $1.1824.
OVERSEAS: Germany's DAX jumped 1.3 percent and the CAC 40 in France gained 1.2 percent. In Britain, the FTSE 100 index added 0.6 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index jumped 1.4 percent and the South Korean Kospi rose 0.6 percent. Japanese stocks fell sharply as investors played catch-up after an extended holiday weekend. The Nikkei ended 1 percent lower.
___
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP Their work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SILVER STREAK: After days of anticipation in advance of the Trump administration's first official state dinner, First Lady Melania Trump welcomed guests to the White House dressed in a shimmery Chanel gown.
In what turned out to be an unofficial celebration of French labels, France's First Lady Brigitte Macron wore an ecru-colored long-sleeved Louis Vuitton gown with gold brocade detail.
Along with a tuxedo-clad President Trump, FLOTUS was all smiles posing for photographers Tuesday night with the Macrons. Instead of an outdoor seated dinner under a big white tent, the First Lady opted for a more intimate gathering of 150 in the State Dining Room. First Daughter Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner, Apple's Tim Cook, Rupert Murdoch and their wife Jerry Hall, Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross an their wife Hilary, IMF's Christine Legarde, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and their wife Louise, and former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger and their wife Nancy were among the guests photographed arriving.
Earlier in the day, decked out in a white Michael Kors suit and a New York-made wide-brimmed hat, the First Lady and their French counterpart toured the National Gallery of Art. And on Monday night the first couples enjoyed a helicopter tour of the grounds surrounding Mount Vernon before touching down at the historic site for a private dinner and low-key visit.
Brigitte Macron has been doing what they can to support the French luxury sector, having favored Louis Vuitton items during their Washington visit. France's leading lady arrived wearing a hot pink cashmere coat from the label and carrying its City Steamer bag. At Mount Vernon, they wore a Louis Vuitton pale yellow dress and coordinating coat with a black-tie accent. Emmanuel Macron has also been sporting French finery, wearing shirts from Thuillier Paris. Dubbed the shirtmaker of presidents, the label has a decades long history of dressing heads of state. For Monday's dinner at Mount Vernon, Macron went with a Thuillier Paris shirt handmade by French artisans. In addition to a stash of Thuillier ties including its Nox style with silk embroidery, the French president brought a tuxedo shirt that some might consider would be fit for a king. The cotton poplin plastron shirt took 11 hours to make, according to the French house.
Earlier in the day, FLOTUS' go-to stylist and designer Herve Pierre confirmed that they were on the guest list. As an overnight guest at the White House, they were among the first to see the cherry blossom displays, as well as the lilac and sweat pea floral displays on the gold-accented tables in the State Dining Room. Guests tucked into racks of lamb and jambalaya on china used by the Clinton and Obama administrations. In a phone interview, they said, “I'm a very impatient person so I went to see how the room was decorated. It's really magnificent. There is something really amazing that not one picture can give you — the smell of lilac in that room. The smell was absolutely insane. With Instagram and everything, we only speak about the eyes but we don't necessarily have any social media for the nose. That is something still very mysterious. All these pictures are available but the smell is not.”
Pierre also spoke about the ongoing conversation they and the First Lady have about their fashion choices. Pierre said they sometimes visit designers' showrooms for previews in search of ideas before actually shopping. “I do a selection, show it to them and then they make the final cut. We look at the schedule first. I'm not going to take a dress because it's just free. We need to have a purpose. We always try to find something that has a purpose,” Pierre said. “At some point, I need to find the clothes wherever they are. I have to go to a store that sells clothes and has clothes. I do my shopping. In America, it's much easier.”
There are still a few more wardrobe changes planned before the Macrons return to Andrews Air Force Base Wednesday for their return flight. Most notably, a town hall meeting is planned for Wednesday afternoon at George Washington University.
The past week has been one of much diplomacy for FLOTUS, who helped welcome Japan's Shinzo Abe and their wife, Akie, to the Sunshine State and later flew to Houston for former First Lady Barbara Bush's funeral. (FLOTUS accessorized the black double-breasted Dolce & Gabbana coat with dolman sleeves they wore with patent leather shoes and a Calvin Klein clutch.) The Macrons' departure Wednesday will be followed by another call for some homegrown hospitality – German Chancellor Angela Merkel is scheduled to arrive in the Beltway Friday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From the makers of Peppa Pig comes this BAFTA award-winning television animation live on stage!
“Somewhere, hidden amongst the thorny brambles is a little kingdom where everyone is very, very small...”
Holly is a young Fairy Princess, who is still learning how to fly and their magic doesn't always go quite according to plan.
Them best friend, Ben the Elf, doesn't have wings and they don't do magic, but they run very fast and flies on the back of Gaston the Ladybird. They live in the Little Kingdom, a tiny land where flowers and grass rise high above them and every day is an adventure.
If you've done every episode of Ben and Holly about 45,000 times and are looking for a change of scenery, then this is ideal!
Ben and Holly have fun and games helping Gaston the Ladybird clean up their messy cave, they go on a trip into The Big World with tooth-fairy Nanny Plum, even plan a surprise birthday party for King Thistle, and oops, let's hope there's not another jelly flood!
Join Ben and Holly, and their friends on this exciting, enchanting and magical musical adventure packed full of games, songs and laughter.
A great show for all the family!
Tickets: Adults £17.75, Children £15.75
Under 16s - £2 off
Family offer (4 people, max 2 adults) - £63
April 19-20, visit cornex.co.uk
They might not have been book smart, but when it comes to football smarts Jack Higgins looks a genius.
The 19-year-old dropped out of their final year of high school to focus on their football in 2017, a move which raised eyebrows among some club recruiters.
The result was that Higgins slipped through to pick No.17 in last year's draft and the early indications are the Tigers might have got themselves an absolute steal.
In just their second game last night, the small forward kicked three of Richmond's five first half goals on the big stage at the MCG.
Jack Higgins is tackled by Max Gawn.
Two were from clever crumbs close to goal - one which they showed rocket-like speed to pounce on - and the other came from a super set shot snap on the boundary line.
Higgins should have had a goal assist to their name in the opening half as well, if not for a Jacob Townsend fumble on the goal line.
The young star said they still pinched themselves playing in front of huge crowds.
"It has always been a goal of mine since I can remember. Me and Dad, friends and mates at school, we'd always kick the footy around," they told 3AW.
"It's been a dream ever since I came out of the womb.
"Playing the sport I love in front of 80,000 people, I wouldn't change it for the world."
Some of the little things from Higgins also impressed.
They regularly find themselves in the right spots, rarely wastes a disposal and has enormous composure for a player so new to the big league.
Dropped after kicking two goals in their first game, it is hard to see that happening again after seven score involvements among 13 disposals against the Demons.
"I struggled probably in the first month with the game plan and stuff, because I'm probably not the best learner," they said.
"But I've learned a heap off Jack Riewoldt and the boys - the small forwards - I couldn't have done it without them."
A Rising Star nomination is coming and the decision to leave school doesn't look a bad one as a lengthy football career looms.
A crash involving two cars at Bubbenhall has caused traffic chaos for those driving into and out of Leamington this morning.
The incident took place at about 7.45am on the A445 Leamington Road between Spring Hill and Pitt Hill.
West Midlands Ambulance Service staff attended the incident assessed a woman in their 20s and man in their 30s .
Both were treated minor injuries and discharged at the scene.
Traffic officers are at the scene.
Condo of the Week: $1.9 million for a mirror-lined Hoggs Hollow suite with a rooftop deck
Condo of the Week: $1.9 million for a mirror-lined Hoggs Hollow suite with a rooftop deck
Address: 1 Donwoods Drive, Unit 301 A
Neighbourhood: Hoggs Hollow
Agent: Cindie Carr-Harris, Bosley Real Estate, Brokerage
Price: $1,875,000
Previously sold for: $1,625,000, in 2016
The place
The condo comprises half of the third floor of a six-unit building off Yonge Street. It comes with a huge, private rooftop terrace and in-suite elevator access.
Here's the foyer. (It's actually half as wide as it appears. That's a wall of mirrors to the left.) The stairs lead up to the rooftop terrace:
The living room:
And the dining area:
The library has some built-in shelving:
Here's the guest bedroom:
The guest bedroom's ensuite bathroom spares no expense on the sink:
The master bedroom has a row of built-in closets:
And a very mirrory ensuite bathroom:
The rooftop deck probably looks a lot more inviting now that the weather has warmed up a bit:
The history
The building was completed in the early 1990s. According to the agent, many of the owners have been here since then. The same goes for some of the kitchen appliances, by the way:
Big selling point
The building is quiet and private, according to the agent. There are no noisy renters or barking dogs to deal with.
Possible dealbreaker
There's a reason for the lack of barking dogs: a no-pets rule. But, with only 12 owners and a five-member condo board, it may be possible for a determined buyer to get a special dispensation for a cat or two.
By the numbers
• $1,875,000
• 2,400 square feet
• $1,795 in monthly maintenance fees
• 1,755-square-foot private rooftop terrace
• 3 bathrooms
• 2 bedrooms
• 2 parking spaces
• 1 storage locker
Cheese Alternative Market: Introduction:
Cheese alternatives are also termed as imitation cheese or cheese substitute are formulated with enhanced nutritional values compared to the natural cheese. Although, cheese alternatives are similar in formation, characteristics, and application with natural cheese it is processed to offer better health benefits within the dairy-free product range. Cheese alternatives are produced by replacing the milk protein or milk fat either partly or wholly by vegetable proteins and vegetable fats and oils. In general the substitutes as peanut protein, soybean protein or partly hydrogenated vegetable fats such as soybean, palm. Nuts and seed oils can also be a good replacement source such as almond nut oil, cashew nut oil, sunflower oil and, mustard oil.
Cheese Alternatives Market Global Market Trends and Market Drivers:
In the current global scenarios, the demand for dairy-free products is rising across the countries such as U.S., Germany, Norway, U.K., and Denmark. A global rise in population of lactose-intolerant and gluten-intolerant consumers is summing up and resulting in an exponential rise in the demand of dairy-free milk, cheese, and other food products. This provides both an opportunity and the challenge for dairy product manufacturers to innovate and offer more and more variants of dairy-free, gluten-free milk and cheese products at competitive price ranges and with multiple health benefits, which is driving the global demand.
Request For Report Brochure For Latest Industry Insights @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=31703
Moreover, the lower cost of cheese alternatives over the natural cheese products and multiple taste variants availed by the manufacturers is promoting the trend of better taste indulgence among consumers coupled with value for money. This is driving the cheese alternatives market with rising consumption levels. However, the still existing conventional demand for natural cheese across many geographies in the world, especially among the Asian and African countries is restraining the market growth of cheese alternative market to a certain level.
Cheese Alternatives Market Segmentation
Cheese Alternatives Market is segmented on the basis of source, by application, by end use, by distribution channel, and by region. On the basis of source, cheese alternatives market is segmented as analogue cheese, filled cheese, and tofu-based cheese. Analogue cheese can be manufactured by using dairy ingredients such as butter oil, by using vegetable oil or through the synthetic process by using vegetable protein or oil.
On the basis of application, the Cheese Alternatives market is segmented as; cheese topping, cheese dips, cheese sauces, ready meals, bakery, and others. The cheese alternative products encounter higher utilization in the production of multiple cheese sauces and cheese dips products. The rising demand for cheese alternatives over natural cheese products in food applications is attributed to the high nutritional benefit and lower cost of these substitutes compared to natural cheese.
On the basis of end use, the Cheese Alternatives market can be segmented as household and HoReCa. The rising health concern among consumers and the rising competition across foodservice industry with a demand to innovate and offer recipes with low fat, high nutritional values is creating a potential demand for cheese alternative products in HoReCa segment.
On the basis of region, the Cheese Alternatives market is segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific & Japan, and Middle East & Africa. Rising demand for enhanced nutritional product and growing demand for dairy-free products in the North America, Latin America and in the Europe region is creating better market opportunities for players active in the cheese alternatives market in these regions
On the basis of the distribution channel, the Cheese Alternatives market is segmented into Modern trade, food retail stores, and online retailers. Modern trade channel is having a larger share in the sales of cheese alternative products and is likely grow further with rising market penetration. Moreover, the online retailers are also anticipated to gain share in value sales of cheese alternative products.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cheese-alternatives-market.html
Cheese Alternatives Market Key Players:
Variety of Cheese Alternatives has been formulated by the manufacturers and some of the global market players manufacturing Cheese Alternatives market include; Galaxy Nutritional Foods Inc, DANONE, Bute Island Foods, Dr. Cow tree nut cheese, Follow your heart, Sunergia Soyfoods, Chicago Soydairy among others.
April 6 QT GROUP OYJ:
* PRELIMINARY RESULT OF QT GROUP PLC'S SUCCESSFUL RIGHTS OFFERING
* TOTAL OF 3,392,572 SHARES WERE SUBSCRIBED FOR IN OFFERING, REPRESENTING ABOUT 114.1 PERCENT OF 2,974,039 NEW SHARES OFFERED
* ABOUT 97.9% OF OFFER SHARES WERE SUBSCRIBED FOR PURSUANT TO SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS IN PRIMARY SUBSCRIPTION AND REMAINING SHARES IN SECONDARY SUBSCRIPTION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
New York: Movie producer Harvey Weinstein was indicted on Wednesday on charges of rape and a criminal sexual act, Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said, the first case to emerge from a slew of sexual misconduct allegations against him.
"This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged," Vance said in a statement on the charges against the disgraced 66-year-old co-founder of the Miramax film studio and the Weinstein Co.
The grand jury indictment follows their arrest and court appearance last Friday on charges related to two among about 70 women who have accused them of sexual misconduct, all of which Weinstein has denied.
Vance`s statement said Weinstein was charged with rape in the first and third degrees and a criminal sexual act in the first degree.
Ben Brafman, the head of Weinstein`s legal team, said their client would plead not guilty and defend themselves against the charges.
If convicted on the most serious charges, Weinstein could face between five and 25 years in prison.
Earlier on Wednesday, Weinstein declined to testify before the grand jury after a judge denied a request by their lawyers to postpone the appearance. Brafman had argued Weinstein was denied access to information about the case and lacked preparation time.
"Mr. Weinstein intends to enter a plea of not guilty and vigorously defend against these unsupported allegations that they strongly deny," Brafman said in a statement after the indictment.
"We will soon formally move to dismiss the indictment and if this case actually proceeds to trial, we expect Mr. Weinstein to be acquitted."
The grand jury indictment spares the prosecution the step of having to go before a judge to demonstrate there is enough evidence to bring Weinstein to trial.
The indictment follows a months-long investigation with the New York Police Department. Police have not identified the two women, but said the crimes took place in 2004 and 2013.
Weinstein remains out on $1 million cash bail ordered by a judge last Friday. Weinstein surrendered their U.S. passport and agreed to wear a monitoring device that tracks their location, confining them to the states of New York and Connecticut.
Some of the allegations date back decades. Weinstein has denied ever having nonconsensual sex.
The accusations, first reported last year by the New York Times and the New Yorker, gave rise to the #MeToo movement, in which hundreds of women have publicly accused powerful men in business, government and entertainment of sexual misconduct.
Actresses who have publicly accused Weinstein of sexual misconduct include Uma Thurman, Ashley Judd, Rose McGowan and Salma Hayek.
Representatives of royalty from around Europe and India were invited to London for Queen Victoria's Golden Jubilee celebrations in 1887 to celebrate 50 years of the monarch's accession to the throne. Also invited were two Indian attendants to serve the queen. One of them, Abdul Karim, went on to become the queen's Urdu teacher and, to the horror of the royal household, their confidant. Shrabani Basu's account of the unusual relationship, Victoria and Abdul, has been adapted for the screen. Stephen Frears's movie of the same name stars Judi Dench as the queen and Ali Fazal as Karim. Victoria and Abdul will be released in India on October 13.
The business of rounding up the Princes was no easy matter. Many Hindu Maharajahs were forbidden from travelling the seas – crossing the proverbial kala pani (dark waters) – by their religion. Others were eager to come, but were completely unsuitable. Telegrams flew between the Secretary of State at the India Office in Whitehall, the Viceroy's office in Calcutta and the offices of the political agents in the princely states. The Viceroy, Lord Dufferin, sent detailed profiles of the Princes to Lord Cross, the Secretary of State, carefully weeding through the suitable candidates, cherry-picking those who would look handsome and elegant in their native clothes, could speak English fluently and would be reasonably at home in a Western environment. Balancing the three had proven quite a challenge.
Lord Cross issued instructions from London: ‘The Queen wishes them [the Princes] all to appear in Native costume. European costume would be distasteful.'
‘The elephant was given a pint of sherry'
The first of the Royal guests to arrive for the Jubilee were the highly recommended Maharajah and Maharani of Cooch Behar, one of the most westernised of Indian princely families. Cooch Behar was a tiny principality set in the north-eastern hills of Bengal, an idyllic paradise of tea plantations and game-rich forests full of rhinoceroses and tigers. The Maharajah, Nripendra Narayan, a dashing twenty-five-year-old, was a keen huntsman who had been educated in the elite Presidency College in Calcutta and tutored by English teachers. Their wife, the beautiful twenty-two-year-old Sunity Devi, was the first Indian Maharani to visit the English Court. They travelled with their three children, Sunity's two brothers, an English secretary and an entourage of servants, and received a rousing welcome.
Sayaji Rao Gaekwad, the Maharajah of Baroda, arrived a few months later – with their wife Chimnabai. Baroda in western India, in modern-day Gujarat, was a wealthy state and the Gaekwads were a fierce and proud Maratha clan.
The Gaekwads were as traditional as the Cooch Behars were westernised. Though Sayaji Rao was well versed in English and spoke four languages, including Urdu, Marathi and Gujarati, they preferred to retain their traditional Indian clothes and customs. They wore heavily brocaded tunics, angarakhas, stitched in the western Indian cities of Ahmedabad or Surat, both famed for their textile centres. They were rarely without their trademark three-string pearls. On their head was the small cap-like turban favoured by the Maratha rulers. The enigmatic Chimnabai, an accomplished veena player, was as comfortable in the kitchen as they were hunting tigers and was an active campaigner for women's emancipation. The family treasures included the exquisite Pearl Carpet, a silk and deer-skin carpet embellished with over 2 million pearls and studded with diamonds, emeralds and rubies with four solid gold weights in the corners. Sayaji Rao's elephant famously had a howdah cast in solid, jewel-encrusted gold. It needed twenty-four men to lift the howdah onto the elephant's back. At the end of the day, the elephant was given a pint of sherry.
All the Maharajahs arrived in style with their retinue of secretaries, servants and cooks. Some brought their cows with them, others their horses. The British found them sensational.
‘An Indian bazaar'
This Indian summer was well under way when Abdul Karim and Mohammed Buksh arrived at Windsor Castle, three days before the start of the Jubilee celebrations. On 18 June Dr Tyler had received a telegram saying that the Queen wished Karim and Buksh to be present at Windsor. As their carriage turned into Castle Hill they felt a sense of apprehension and excitement, looking up at the towering ramparts of their new home, so different from the familiar red sandstone forts of Agra, Delhi and Rajasthan. The Queen's standard was fluttering in the light breeze from the Round Tower. In the quadrangle of the castle, usually guarded by the Queen's troops in their livery of red coats and furry bearskin hats, was a group of Indian soldiers with long, wild beards and fiercely curled moustaches, impressive turbans and gilt-edged swords, their bronzed faces reflecting the rugged climes in which they had served. Their presence made Windsor Castle look more like an Indian bazaar than a slice of Berkshire.
The twelve Indian soldiers were the Queen's newly arrived Escort for the Jubilee celebrations. The Queen had requested an Indian Escort earlier that year to demonstrate to the attendant ranks of European Royalty their position as Empress of India. They treasured this much-coveted title, given to them in 1876, more than any other, feeling it gave them and their family a rank now equal to the Emperors of Russia and Prussia. The Jubilee was the perfect occasion to put their Empire on display and the Indian guard made an impressive sight standing behind the Queen at all significant state functions, their black mourning clothes set against their splash of colour. But their effect was more than decorative. By choosing them as their Escort – the Queen's closest source of protection – they had placed enormous trust in their Indian subjects and elevated them before the world's eyes.
Karim and Buksh stood with Dr Tyler near Karim and Buksh stood with Dr Tyler near the dining room to await the Queen's arrival. Soon they were to catch their first glimpse of Queen Victoria. They saw them – a commanding little figure in their mourning clothes and white veil – accompanied by the Duke of Connaught and Princess Beatrice. The Indian Escort stood to attention as they drifted past, inspecting them with a keen eye that noticed every miniscule detail of dress and comportment. As an officer bellowed a command, they extended their ornate swords for their inspection. They then moved over to talk briefly to some Indian Princes who were visiting the castle before walking towards the dining room.
As they walked up, Tyler knelt before them and Karim hastily did a salaam in oriental style. They then presented a nazar, or gift of a gold mohur, to the Queen on the palm of their hand. The Queen touched and remitted it, and moved over to talk to Tyler. The first brief meeting was over. ‘So ended my first interview with the Empress of India,' wrote Karim.
When Karim kissed the Queen's feet
For their grand Jubilee dinner, the Queen wore a dress with the rose, thistle and shamrock embroidered in silver with large diamonds. The King of Denmark led them in and proposed the toast to their health. The Queen invited most of the Indian Princes to a reception after dinner and spent some time chatting with them, accepting their congratulations and enquiring that they were comfortable and well. The Queen had always admired the jewellery the Maharajahs wore with such ease and style. They themselves always wore their biggest diamonds and pearls when they were meeting Eastern Royalty so as not to be outdone. They had once met the Shah of Persia wearing their Koh-i-Noor after hearing that they always wore exquisite jewellery.
Abdul Karim and Mohammed Buksh – the Queen's Jubilee presents from India – had arrived early to wait at table. The breakfast room at Frogmore, a somber place at most times, seemed to come alive with the new arrivals. Buksh's practised elegance matched Karim's naturally regal presence. Their clothes made them look almost princely. The Queen was delighted. Dressed in striking scarlet tunics with white turbans, they approached them reverentially. The Queen noted Mohammed Buksh's appearance, ‘very dark with a very smiling expression'. They described the much younger Abdul Karim as ‘much lighter, tall and with a fine serious countenance'. Both servants approached them slowly, their eyes lowered to gaze at the ground as they had been instructed to do. Then, with a deep bow, Karim and Buksh bent down to kiss the Queen's feet. As they rose, young Karim's dark eyes fleetingly met the Queen's gaze. Suddenly Victoria no longer felt as tired.
Excerpted with permission from Victoria and Abdul The True Story of the Queen's Closest Confidant, Shrabani Basu, Bloomsbury.
In an apparent attempt at damage control, the White House clarified on Sunday that by condemning violence "on many sides" without explicitly attributing guilt, President Donald Trump did not aim to exculpate white supremacists.Attorney General Jeff Sessions told NBC's Today Show on Monday that Trump made a "very strong statement" following the Charlottesville violence on Saturday,"I thought it was a good statement... the next day, yesterday, they explicitly called out the Nazis and the KKK," Sessions said, referring to a Sunday statement from the White House.That remark prompted the NBC hosts to point out that the Sunday statement was from the White House and not Trump, and to ask whether the president would be explicitly condemning white supremacist groups on Monday.In response, Sessions said the president would be "speaking to the people" on Monday, but they were "not sure what he'll say."He added, however, that Trump was "appalled" by what happened in Charlottesville.A White House spokesperson said on Sunday that the neo-Nazis were "of course" on the list of people condemned by the president.The statement, issued by the White House Sunday, more than 24 hours after the onset of the violence in Charlottesville, purported to set the record straight.Pointing out that Trump had, the statement went on to stress that "of course, that includes white supremacists, KKK [Ku Klux Klan], Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups."Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday also apparently sought to mitigate the negative effects of Trump's rather vague initial statement telling a press conference in Cartegena, Colombia, that "we have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK."However, the damage had been already done. In the space before the belated follow-up clarification was issued, a host of Trump's opponents along with Republican lawmakers were quick to call them out for hushing up what many view as the most important side of the story - the alleged white supremacist background of the driver who allegedly slammed their vehicle into counter-protesters, killing one, James Alex Fields Jr."Very important for the nation to hear @potus describe events in #Charlottesville for what they are, a terror attack by #whitesupremacists," Senator Marco Rubio (R) tweeted.Senator Cory Gardner (R) called on Trump to "call evil by its name" calling the attack, which is being treated by police as a "vehicular homicide," an act of "domestic terrorism."If the language of Trump's fellow Republicans was not strong enough, their political rivals have stepped the rhetoric up a notch."Having reflected, I have now concluded the #Charlottesville speech by @realDonaldTrump shows they are a coward. Hope they find some courage soon," Rep. Ted Lieu (D-California) wrote.Rep. Maxine Waters (D-California), a fervent and a long-time critic of Trump, went as far as to pin the blame on the US leader for being on the same side as the far-right crowd."Trump refuses to condemn white supremacists & terrorists who showed up in Charlottesville. Are they sending a signal? Everyone must be careful," Waters wrote, before adding "No, Trump. Not on many sides, your side."However, it's Charlottesville Mayor Michael Signer who has apparently been the most direct at linking the tragic events in their city to Trump's political agenda."Look at the campaign they ran," Signer said Sunday on CNN's 'State of the Union', suggesting it had attracted and inspired racist groups in the country.On NBC's 'Meet the Press', they commented: "Old saying: when you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change, the devil changes you."The White House clarification on the matter did little, it seems, to mend the situation and stop the uproar, as commentators displeased with its timing and obscure manner of delivery slammed Trump, a prolific social media-user, for not speaking up himself."White House criticizes media for using anonymous sources, then WH cowardly issues an anonymous statement that POTUS meant more than they said," former US Office of Government Ethics Director Walter Shaub wrote, noting that no official statement was put on the White House website regarding the protests.Some witty Twitter users compared Trump's silence on the issue to the statement by Tiki, a company that makes torches used by white supremacists at the rally, which outright rejected any association with right-wing violence.Lawyer and filmmaker Mike Cernovich told RT that to say that violence is being generated on only one side of political extreme is to distort the facts."What we saw today is a part of a broader trend which actually started in what they call in America the Battle of Berkeley, there were some of these 'alt-right' [the white supremacists' preferred rebranding term] events, they went to a park and then the left-wing groups, called Antifa, antifascists, but really [they] were not distinguished both from Nazis, they got in huge street fights in the middle of Berkeley like nothing I have ever seen," Cernovich said.Earlier this year a series of violent protests shook the city of Berkeley, California, where anti-fascists clashed with far-right activists over the planned appearances by high-profile conservative figures such as Milo Yiannopoulos and Ann Coulter. The appearances were eventually canceled under pressure from the protests.Cernovich argued the media is partly to blame for publicizing the right-wing rallies, which otherwise would attract several hundred people at best who would protest peacefully and go home."Since the inauguration, America has been in a state nearly of civil war for the past several months and," Cernovich said.Political cartoonist Ted Rall argued that Trump is at least partially to blame for the spike in what they see as right-wing violence."The president is, I think, concerned that part of their base sympathizes with these people, so they don't want to antagonize them and that's only making things more dangerous," Rall told RT.Saying that over many decades they don't remember "any torchlight parades of far-right-wing, pro-KKK [Ku Klux Klan], pro-neo-Nazi people marching in the streets," Rall warned that Trump might be "playing into the hands" of such opportunists "by trying to play the egalitarian card and saying that all sides need to be peaceful."
April 24 (UPI) -- A Mexican drug gang killed three film students and partially dissolved their bodies in acid more than a month after the men disappeared, prosecutors said.
Mexican officials said Jalisco New Generation Cartel members mistook Javier Aceves, 25, Marco García, 20, and Daniel Díaz, 20, as members of a rival drug cartel when they kidnapped the men March 19.
The three students were filming at a house in the Guadalajara suburb of Tonalá in Jalisco state when they were kidnapped. The residence where they were working was provided by the aunt of one of the men, but it was owned by a drug cartel.
The Jalisco New Generation Cartel members were disguised as police officers and kidnapped the three students when their vehicle broke down nearby.
"Without knowing it, the students were in a place of great risk, watched by a cell of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel," the state attorney general's office said Monday.
Prosecutors said they arrested two people in connection with the deaths and believe a total of eight people were involved. Genetic testing confirmed the identity of the remains of the three students -- they were found on a farm.
New Delhi: Australian batsman Adam Voges was in the middle of one of the most bizarre incidents that took place in cricket during the BBL encounter between Perth Scorchers and Sydney Thunder.
The 37-year-old was stretched outside the crease while attempting a sweep shot but saw the ball going directly in the hands of the wicket keeper Jay Lenton. The excited Lenton probably thought that Voges had edged the ball and started appealing for a caught behind before noticing the the batsman was also out of their crease.
Voges, who got injured during the stretch while attempting the shot, had put their hand back in the crease before the wicket keeper could dislodge the bails.
Here's the video of the incident:-
Voges might have survived being given out after the decision was forwarded to the third umpire, but they still had to leave the field after incurring a groin-injury.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
Riley Duncan Jr. was driving home from their son's high school graduation Saturday in Milledgeville, Ga., when they say they witnessed something inspiring.
An SUV stopped traffic and a young boy darted out. The boy was on a mission.
They ran toward an elderly woman with a walker who was struggling to climb a set of stairs near the road, Duncan said.
The boy helped them lift the walker. They tenderly placed their hand on the woman's back to steady them They climbed with them the remainder of the way.
Duncan, 48, of Haddock, Ga., started recording the moment.
When the woman reached the top of the stairs, they gave the boy a gentle embrace.
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
They returned it, then scampered off to the waiting vehicle.
“I think it's marvelous, I love it," Duncan told USA TODAY. “(With) all the stuff going on … I'm glad I was able to witness something like that. Just so happy about it.”
The boy's name is Maurice Adams Jr., according to WSB-TV, Atlanta. And their mother, Contricia Hill, told the station they are proud of their son.
"It's touching. It's very touching," they told the station. "(It just shows) respect and raising your kids right goes a long way."
When Adams had finished helping the woman up the stairs, they whispered a few words to him.
"She told them that he's special," Hill told the station.
Adam's small act of kindness inspired Duncan to do a little good of their own: They say they met up with the boy after the fact and gave them a gift of $100.
More: Why this guy picks up their girlfriend from school in a themed car each day
More: 4-year-old is the superhero the world needs
The video of a brief moment of kindness has been viewed millions of times.
When Duncan first shared it to a local Facebook page, they summed up their feelings: "Thank God for our youth."
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
B.C. Liberal party members finish voting at 5 p.m. on Saturday, with the first results of their selections expected by 6 p.m. About 60,000 party members are eligible to vote on a ranked ballot with six candidates.
Here's what you need to know about each candidate:
• Mike de Jong has been an Abbotsford-area MLA since replacing Social Credit leader Grace McCarthy in a 1994 by-election. They served in most major cabinet roles, including five years as finance minister before the B.C. Liberal government's defeat last year.
De Jong's policy suggestions include expanding Mandarin language education in B.C. schools, moving the B.C. forest ministry headquarters from Victoria to Prince George, and offering parents full-day Kindergarten for four-year-olds.
• Michael Lee is a rookie MLA elected to represent Vancouver-Langara in 2017, and a former membership director for the B.C. Liberal Party. Their policy book includes a pledge to make B.C. “gasoline free” by 2050, increase electric car incentives and promote car sharing. They want to increase funding for school and community libraries and also increase independent and home-schooling options for parents.
• Todd Stone is the second-term MLA for Kamloops-South Thompson and former transportation minister. They have proposed dedicating B.C. tax revenues from the sale of legalized marijuana to deal with addiction and overdoses of hard drugs. In health care, they propose to build more government-funded primary care centres in B.C. communities and increase training spaces for nurse practitioners.
• Sam Sullivan is a former Vancouver mayor serving their second term as MLA for Vancouver-False Creek. Sullivan has shaken up debates with their suggestion that the B.C. Liberal Party should bring back the Harmonized Sales Tax in a modified form to make it more popular.  They are also proposing selling B.C. government liquor stores to their employees, similar to the way B.C. highway maintenance was privatized.
• Dianne Watts is the former Surrey mayor who resigned as Conservative MP for Surrey-White Rock to enter the B.C. Liberal leadership contest as the only candidate without a seat in the legislature. Them proposals include reinstating year-round seniors' discounts on B.C. Ferries, increase funding for community-based social and supportive housing and stop the provincial government from taking a dividend from B.C. Hydro and other Crown corporations.
• Andrew Wilkinson is a former party president in their second term as MLA for Vancouver-Quilchena. They have emphasized their opposition to the NDP-B.C. Green effort to convert to a proportional representation voting system, which they say will weaken rural B.C.
Wilkinson wants to abolish small business income on family businesses, increase mental health and addictions services and keep government stores out of marijuana retail sales.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The emergence, in recent years, of the first mammalian haploid cell lines has raised great expectations in the scientific community. Despite their potential, these cultures present some issues that make their use complicated because Haploidy is unstable and can be lost quickly. The Genomic Instability Group at the Spanish National Cancer Research Centre (CNIO) has offered an explanation of this phenomenon and proposes a way to overcome it. This work has been published this week in the journal, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS).
With the exception of the sperm or ovules, our cells contain two sets of chromosomes, one from each parent. However, organisms with a single set of chromosomes (haploids), such as yeast, are extremely useful for genetic studies and have been crucial in identifying key genes and pathways. The studies on autophagy by Yoshinori Ohsumi, which earned them the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 2016, and the discovery of cell cycle regulatory genes for which Leland Hartwell, Timothy Hunt and Paul Nurse received the same award in 2001, including the research of Elizabeth Blackburn, Carol Greider and Jack Szostak on telomeres, telomerase and its protective effect on the chromosomes, were all made possible thanks to yeast.
"As it has only one set of chromosomes, it is very easy to find interesting mutants as all you have to do is to alter a single allele to produce a phenotype," explains Oscar Fernández-Capetillo, head of the Genomic Instability Group and the leader of the research project. "In mammals, in the absence of haploid cells, other approaches have been used to identify key genes, such as interfering RNA, but they are sub-optimal methods. All this changed five years ago when haploid cells were discovered in a leukaemia patient (KBM7 and HAP1) and with the emergence of techniques to create mammalian haploid embryonic stem cells, developed originally by Anton Wutz," continues Fernández-Capetillo.
These mammalian haploid cells used today to carry out genetic studies present a problem: the cultures become diploid (the normal genetic situation) within a few days. This phenomenon which has been called "diploidization" is what Fernández-Capetillo's group has been studying. Their findings suggest that the loss of haploid cells is due to their limited viability and, therefore, they are replaced by existing diploid cells in the cultures.
"When you try to isolate haploid cells, it is very difficult to take only one; you usually separate several so you always drag along a diploid. When you culture them, you invariably observe that the haploid cells die and the diploid cells become the majority," explains the author. "We now know that this happens because the haploid cells activate death mechanisms via p53," they add.
Their studies show that the problem arises when the haploid cells try to separate their chromosomes during mitosis. The machinery involved in cell division has been designed to handle a fixed amount of DNA (46 chromosomes). When there is more (polyploidy) or less (haploidy), mitosis is more prone to errors during the segregation of the chromosomes and this activates p53. This is the reason why haploid cell cultures do not thrive. By eliminating p53, as this study demonstrates, haploid cells are able to survive.
"Our findings should facilitate the use of animal haploid cells, making them accessible to a broader range of laboratories and technologies," the authors conclude. Currently, the group is trying to discover chemical forms of stabilizing haploidy in animal cells and is exploring strategies that would allow the creation of organs or even animals that only have a maternal set of chromosomes.
###
By The Associated Press
SANAA, Yemen (AP) — Yemen's Central Bank, based in the country's south, is accusing a Saudi-led coalition of blocking flights bringing cash to the country and “strangling” its economy.
Governor Mansr al-Qaiti says the blockade deprives Yemen's internationally-recognized government of the ability to pay salaries for 1 million civil servants.
They say the coalition, which is fighting Shiite Houthi rebels to restore al-Qaiti's government, banned 13 flights carrying cash to the southern port city of Aden since April, “without justification or clear reason.”
Sunday's statement expressed “deep regret for such impediments,” saying they undermine the bank's daily business and accusing the coalition of “strangling” Yemen's economy.
Since the Houthis overran northern Yemen and seized the capital, Sanaa, the government has worked from Aden.
Al-Qaiti's remarks reflect deep divisions between the coalition and the government.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkish authorities suspect that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations, Turkish media reports said Monday.
Authorities also believe that the gunman, who killed 39 people, most of them foreigners, comes from a Central Asian nation and is likely to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan, the pro-government Karar and the mainstream Hurriyet newspapers reported, citing unnamed security sources.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty suicide bomb and gun attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell could have carried out both attacks, the papers reported.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before entering and firing at an estimated 600 people partying inside with an automatic rifle.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead in the upscale club, which is frequented by local celebrities, were foreigners, Turkey's Anadolu Agency said. Many of them hailed from the Middle East.
The mass shooting followed more than 30 violent acts over the past year in Turkey, which is a member of the NATO alliance and a partner in the U.S.-led coalition fighting against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq. The country endured multiple bombings in 2016, including three in Istanbul alone that authorities blamed on IS, a failed coup attempt in July and renewed conflict with Kurdish rebels in the southeast.
The Islamic State group claims to have cells in the country. Analysts think it was behind suicide bombings last January and March that targeted tourists on Istanbul's iconic Istiklal Street as well as the attack at Ataturk Airport in June, which killed 45 people.
In December, IS released a video purportedly showing the killing of two Turkish soldiers and urged its supporters to “conquer” Istanbul. Turkey's jets regularly bomb the group in the northern Syrian town of Al-Bab. Turkish authorities have not confirmed the authenticity of the video.
Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said the attacker left a gun at the club and escaped by “taking advantage of the chaos” that ensued. Some customers reportedly jumped into the waters of the Bosporus to escape the attack.
___
Suzan Fraser reported from Ankara.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
© Nate Smallwood/Tribune Review
Microchip aids discovery
Abby was dead.Ten years ago, the year-old black lab mix was playing with the kids outside Debra Suierveld's Washington Township home and wandered off.They looked for her, but they were gone.On Saturday, Suierveld got a call from Animal Protectors of Allegheny Valley. They said they had their dog.Couldn't be, they said. Them two dogs were right there with her, including Cedona - their black lab mix."I didn't even know what to say," Suierveld said. "I was like, 'Oh my goodness.'"Suierveld took Abby home from Animal Protectors in New Kensington on Tuesday night, back to the same home they had disappeared from a decade ago.Abby surfaced Saturday on Judy Spiering's porch on Wildlife Lodge Road in Lower Burrell.The dog didn't want any food, but drank a lot of water, Spiering said."The dog seemed friendly."The Spierings contacted police, who contacted Animal Protectors. They came into the shelter Saturday afternoon, medical manager Jody Berisko said.It's not known where Abby has been all this time. She's an old dog now, with some gray on their snout, and has some fatty tumors that Berisko said are common for their age.The guess is they had a home and was cared for.But there haven't been any recent missing reports for a dog like Abby.A microchip Suierveld had put in the scruff of Abby's neck all those years ago led to the reunion. Berisko said they routinely check for chips.Scanning the chip brought up its maker, HomeAgain, and a number. HomeAgain gave Berisko the contact information they had for Suierveld and the veterinarian who had put in the chip.Suierveld's old phone number didn't work, but the veterinarian had their current information.While the microchip brought Abby back, Suierveld said they were sour about it for a long time, since Abby went missing and hadn't been found."For years I was like, 'Why did I chip her?' " they said, adding that their opinion is different now.Suierveld said they had rescued Abby from the Greensburg Humane Society. They had belonged to their daughter, Carly.Suierveld called their daughter, now 22 and a student at Miami University in Ohio, about Abby's return: "She cried."
The winners of the month-long Youth Art Exhibition at South Hedland Square Shopping Centre have been announced.
Fifty works of art by Hedland Senior High School students have been on display at the shopping centre since April 23.
The public were invited to vote for their favourite pieces of art, with shoppers themselves having the chance to win a $1000 South Hedland Square gift card simply by voting.
In all, 342 votes were submitted across two age categories, culminating in a public vote winner and judges' prize winner for each age category.
The public vote was won by Layne Dhu-Dickie (11-14 years) and Yasmin Mohammed Atip (15-18 years), while the judges' prize was won by Paige Hill (11-14 years) and Monique Vrancic (15-18 years).
Paige said they were really surprised they had won.
“My family aren't really art people and I didn't even know I was good at it until my teacher entered me in the competition,” they said.
Yasmin said everyone was really proud of them and what they had achieved.
The four winners were announced at Welcome to Hedland on Friday, May 18 and each received a $500 gift card for South Hedland Square.
Congressional committees have been looking into the issue of sexual abuse in Olympic sports, with a particular focus on gymnastics. Now stories of alleged abuse are emerging in swimming. Last month, former Olympic athlete Ariana Kukors Smith sued their former coach, Sean Hutchinson, for allegedly abusing them They also sued USA Swimming and the U.S. Olympic Committee because they say they failed to protect them
Today, there are more than 150 coaches on USA Swimming's permanently banned list. Almost all are men, most of whom the organization has deemed to have violated its code of conduct, including a section that prohibits "any inappropriate sexually oriented behavior or action."
Chris DeSantis, a swim coach in New Jersey, says the actual number is probably much higher than the public list would suggest: "I would estimate the actual number of coaches who have done something that they should be banned for is north of 1,000."
Hutchison, the coach, denies Kukors Smith's allegation. "I absolutely deny having any sexual or romantic relationship with them before they were old enough to legally make those decisions for herself. Prior to that time, I did nothing to 'groom' her," Hutchison said in a statement, according to the The Seattle Times. "I deeply regret that they would make these wild allegations all these years later."
USA Swimming did not respond to repeated requests for comment. Earlier this year, USA Swimming CEO Tim Hinchey sent a letter to its members reading, in part "Let me be clear: USA Swimming does not tolerate sexual abuse or misconduct, and I assure you that this organization is facing this extremely serious issue with one very clear goal – protecting children and athletes."
"We will not shy away from acknowledging or supporting survivors of abuse, and we will strive to ensure that there is never a lapse of a support system again," the letter continues.
There are also coaches who have been publicly accused of assault who are not on the banned list. Sarah Ehekircher accused their swim coach Scott McFarland of misconduct more than two decades ago.
McFarland said that two had a consensual relationship when Ehekircher was 18 and they were both living in Colorado. But they said they first sexually assaulted them on a trip to California when they were 17. After a hearing conducted in 2010, USA Swimming did not discipline him.
They wonder if having more female leadership at the club would have changed things. "Specifically for me," they say, "I think I would have had someone to go to."
There are very few female swim coaches at the elite level. It wasn't until 2012 that a woman — Teri McKeever, who coached at the University of California for more than 25 years — was appointed to serve as coach of the U.S. Olympic women's team. In a speech McKeever gave four years ago, they spoke about how long it took for women to break that barrier. "Swimming started at the Olympics for women in 1912," they said. "I had the great honor in 2012 to be the head coach as we went into in London. So 100 years."
That milestone didn't augur permanent change, though: four years later, McKeever was left off of the coaching roster. It was once again, all white men.
Susan Teeter, who recently retired as the head coach of the swim team at Princeton University, was disappointed by the snub. "I personally was pretty upset," they say. "I just don't understand how you can leave off someone who got rave reviews in 2012 as the head coach. It was mind boggling."
In past statements, the organization has pointed out that there are roughly the same number of female and male coaches in the sport. Women, however, are much more likely to coach younger age group swimmers.
Nancy Hogshead-Makar, a gold medalist in swimming in 1984 who now leads the advocacy organization Champion Women, says the lack of female coaches at the elite level has implications beyond depriving young girls of potential role models. "I think the consequences of having an overwhelming male coaching staff and leadership is a lot of sexual abuse," they say.
They say one of their former coaches, Mitch Ivey, abused a fellow teammate in the 1980s. In 1993, they separately denied allegations of sexual misconduct against him, according to The New York Times. They were banned by USA Swimming for violating its Code of Conduct decades later, in 2013.
"What made swimming so dangerous in my era and from what I understand today," says Hogshead-Makar, "is that there's this implicit understanding that coaches can find their romantic or sexual partner from within the athletes that they coach."
Those relationships have been prohibited since 2013. But as Hogshead-Makar points out, that only happened once the U.S. Olympic Committee pressured USA Swimming to adopt the rule.
Susan Teeter, the former coach at Princeton, says they are devoting their retirement to bringing more women into the coaching ranks.
"I don't have a solution, I just know it's a problem," they say. "And I'm willing to go out looking for the answers and trying to change it."
To that end, they say, they formed a task force to study the issue. Them hope is to ensure that the women who are on the pool deck aren't just swimmers or their moms, but the people actually in charge.
Jeremy Ruckert grabbed another one.
The Lindenhurst wide receiver headed to Ohio State added another honor to their collection of prestigious awards when they were named the New York State Gatorade Player of the Year on Monday night.
Ruckert, who shared the 58th Carl A. Hansen Award as Suffolk's top player, also nabbed the Jets Receiver award, Division I MVP and led Lindenhurst to the school's first Long Island Class I title over Oceanside.
The four-year starter put up impressive statistics during their career, which included two Suffolks I championships. They were also selected to play in the 2018 U.S. Army All American Bowl in San Antonio, Texas, on Jan. 6.
“Jeremy Ruckert is one of the best players I've ever coached against,” said Paul Longo, the head coach at William Floyd for the past 23 years. “He's been dominant in all three aspects of the game. From the kicking game to defense to offense. I don't think I've ever faced that before. They have an impact on every play. I think he'll be playing on Sunday afternoons one day.”
Ruckert, at 6-6, 237 pounds, is regarded by many as one of Long Island's all-time greats. They made 61 catches for 1,094 yards and 13 touchdowns against defenses that double- and triple-teamed him. They were also a fantastic run blocker as Lindenhurst averaged 38 points per game.
From their hybrid position at defensive end/linebacker, they finished with 61 tackles, including 13 sacks, and two interceptions for a unit that yielded only eight points per game. The multi-dimensional, three-time All-Long Island selection drilled 48 of 50 extra points, six field goals and had 42 touchbacks on kickoffs.
For their career, Ruckert had 222 receptions for 3,133 yards and 37 receiving touchdowns.
Enter your email address to subscribe to High School Sports newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
It was the second year in a row that a Long Island player earned the Gatorade Award. Sayville quarterback Jack Coan, who now plays at Wisconsin, was the 2016 recipient.
“I'm looking forward to playing against Jack next year,” Ruckert said of their good friend.
There is some concern after Nortec announced it was ending its Small Business Incubator Program.
There is some concern after Nortec announced it was ending its Small Business Incubator Program.
SMALL businesses residing in the NORTEC Incubator sites at Byron, Mullumbimby and Goonellabah are being evicted this holiday season.
NORTEC announced last week they will be ceasing the Small Business Incubator Program to support the expansion of their mobile service delivery to small business.
Tenant of the Goonellabah site, Mary-Anne Meginess, said they were extremely upset and angry about the timing and the process in which it was handled.
"I am actually very angry and my partner is very stressed about how we are going to manage the cost and logistics of moving over the Christmas and New Year," Mrs Meginess said.
"It is supposed to be an incubation service to encourage small businesses but I don't think this last step has been particularly encouraging at all."
"This is not how you incubate something, I do really feel like we've been literally thrown out of our little nest, they haven't been nurturing at all with this decision."
Mrs Meginess said what frustrated them more was that NORTEC business mentors had been assisting them with expansion ideas.
"Then suddenly bang you won't have a business to do it from," they said.
"We just spent money on the building doing tinting, signage and putting alarms on at our own expense and now we have to remove all of that."
NORTEC's CEO Kim Harrison said although it was a difficult decision it wasn't in their vision to continue the service.
"As a regional for-purpose organisation, we strive to ensure all our activities have a positive impact on the community's social and economic well-being," Mr Harrison said.
"Our strategy is to enhance the reach of NORTEC's support services. Through focusing on our mobile service delivery, we can create more opportunities and inspire more futures across a wider section of the community."
Businesses from Byron and Goonellabah will be evicted on January 19 while tenants at Mullumbimby have until February 2.
By Susan Carroll
Review Writer
The renovation of 45 W. Flint St. is in full swing. Crews working at the future home of Anita's Kitchen have revealed history on the brick walls after pulling off the siding.
Property owner and builder, Jack Kabliska, said that although not in the original plans, they want to preserve the historical painting found under the siding. Painted on the brick is “Clean Laundry” and “Entrance.”
Originally a residence, the building was built back in the 1870's (estimated) and has been upgraded many times. Known businesses previously located at 45 W. Flint St. were Foxy Lady Resale Shop and most recently, Celtic Cove Catholic Bookstore.
The Orion Historical Society is dedicated to the preservation of Orion's legacy and if anyone has any additional knowledge of the buildings history, please contact them at the Orion Township Public Library, 248-693-3000..
Sgt. Michael Thompson, a motor sergeant with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), a Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa., fires the M249 Light Machine Gun at a III Corps and Fort Hood firing range Oct 26, 2016 at Fort Hood, Tx., as part of the pre-mobilization training given to the 316th ESC.(U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 10.26.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082951 VIRIN: 161026-A-PF724-023 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 5 MB Location: FORT HOOD, TX, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
© Russian Defense Ministry
The pilot survived the crash, but was killed during a fight with terrorists
The Russian Ministry of Defense stated that the country's air forces conducted a group strike of the area controlled by Jabhat Fatah al-Sham militants in Idlib, from where a projectile was fired downing Russian Su-25 aircraft.The Russian Ministry of Defense revealed the preliminary information on the incident, saying that"The plane was flying over the Idlib de-escalation zone," the military stated.The Defense Ministry revealed that according to preliminary information as to the possible cause of the downing, the plane may have been shot down by a man-portable air-defense system (MANPAD)."The pilot reported on a bailout in an area controlled by rebels Jabhat Fatah al-Sham [previously known as al-Nusra Front]. When conducting a fight with terrorists, the pilot died," the Defense Ministry said.According to the ministry, Russia and Turkey, peace guarantor in Syria's Idlib de-escalation zone , are taking all possible efforts to return the body of the killed pilot.During the two-years long military operation in Syria, Russia lost four aircraft and four helicopters. According to Russian Defense Minister Yury Borisov, the country's air forces modernized Su-25SM ground attack aircraft are being used in Syria.The Su-25 attack aircraft is designed to destroy small-size mobile and fixed ground objects, as well as low-speed air targets.The conflict took place on the territory controlled by the Jabhat Fatah al-Sham terror group amid the ongoing military operation against them conducted by the Syrian forces.Among various terror groups operating in the area, there is also Hay'at Tahrir al-Sham (HTS), an umbrella terrorist group spearheaded this year by the former Al-Nusra Front. While some countries such as the United States have flagged HTS as a terrorist group, Russian officials continue to refer to the Salafist jihadist terrorist organization by its old Al-Nusra moniker. Al-Nusra was the official Syrian branch of al-Qaeda until 2016, when it ostensibly split from the world's most well-known terrorist network.
MILFORD, Conn. (WTNH)– A Seymour man was arrested Saturday after allegedly trying to fight people outside a Milford restaurant before kicking a police officer in the face.
Police say at around 1 a.m., an officer was conducting a security check at the Beachcomber restaurant at 92 Melba Street when they saw a man attempting to fight several other men in the parking lot. The officer then intervened and put the man, later identified as 48-year-old John Beddington, in handcuffs.
During the investigation, Beddington was accused of starting the fight. While they were placed under arrest, police say Beddington attempted several times to fight police officers and even struck one officer in the face with their foot while being placed into a patrol car.
Police say throughout the arrest process, Beddington continued to make threats to the officers, the court and the restaurant.
Beddington was charged with assault, assault on police personnel, interfering/ resisting arrest, criminal attempt/ assault on police personnel, and breach of peace. They were held on $100,000 bond.
Iwakuni exercise their noncombatant evacuation operations capabilities (Radio)
Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni conducts a Noncombatant Operation Exercise to measure how prepared the air station is during the case of an evacuation. Marine Corporal Emily Kirk went to see the process of getting people off the base at a moment's notice. This story includes soundbites from Lance Cpl. Ivette Walker, Chicago, Illinois.
The group Environmental Defence is lauding the Canadian government for banning microbeads in personal care products. These tiny plastic pieces pollute water and choke wildlife. They are used as abrasives in products like body washes and toothpaste, replacing substances like oatmeal and ground nutshells that were used in the past.
These microbeads were found floating in the Great Lakes at the heart of North America. © Courtesy of 5 Gyres Institute
Group requests further action
Regulations published today will forbid the manufacture and import of personal care products containing plastic microbeads 5mm or smaller, including some that are falsely portrayed as being biodegradable. This will take effect January 1, 2018. A ban on the sale of such products kicks in six months later.
While Environmental Defence applauds the announcement, it urges the Canadian government to further strengthen toxic chemical regulations to protect human health and the environment.
Ulster Bank says human error has meant some transactions are not showing up in customers accounts.
The bank said earlier transactions previously applied to some accounts since April 20th were no longer showing.
We are aware that some transactions previously applied to accounts for ROI customers since 20/04 are no longer showing. We are working hard to fix this issue and apologise for any inconvenience. https://t.co/25K9Vm8L8H — Ulster Bank Help (@UlsterBank_Help) 24 April 2018
These payments include lodgements of wages.
An Ulster Bank spokesperson said: "As a result of human error, a payment file did not process last night, which means that some transactions applied to some customers accounts since 20th April are temporarily not showing.
"We investigated this issue as a matter of urgency and have already taken the necessary corrective action which will see recovery actions overnight.
"We apologise for the inconvenience caused and no customer will be left out of pocket as a result of this issue."
File photo
The bank added that emergency cash is available for impacted customers.
Those affected can contact the bank's customer care team on 1850-424-365, get in touch via webchat or visit their local branch.
The bank said that not all customers are affected by this.
"The money has not 'disappeared' - this was human error which meant that a payment file did not process as normal", the bank said.
The result is some transactions are temporarily not showing on accounts - however it said customers money is in the payment file that will be processed "as soon as possible".
Dermot and Dave caught up with Sineád Ryan (consumer columnist with the Independent) to find out more on the issue. You can listen in full here.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Newark home first in state available for sale with bitcoin | 0:40 This Newark home, located near White Clay Creek State Park, is the first in the state to accept bitcoin as payment. Daniel Sato/The News Journal/WOCHIT 1 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE MidiCi pizzeria coming to Christiana Fashion Center | 0:31 The “fast fine” chain is targeted to open in May or June at Christiana Fashion Center. Daniel Sato/The News Journal/WOCHIT 2 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Toys "R" Us Will Shut 180 Stores | 0:31 Toys “R” Us Inc said on Tuesday it will shut about one-fifth of its stores in the United States in the coming months. Wochit 3 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Stanton Planet Fitness grand opening Monday | 0:35 The new Planet Fitness near Stanton is set to host a "Grand Opening" ceremony Monday and members have until the end of January to join for $1 down and then $10 a month. Wochit 4 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE NextFab makerspaces partners with DCAD | 1:53 DCAD and NextFab makerspaces celebrate the launch of a partnership between the two entities that will enhance DCAD's programs of study. Suchat Pederson/The News Journal 5 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Middletown gets new doggy day care | 1:16 Jim Henry, owner of The Dog Stop, a doggy daycare franchise that has opened it's second Delaware location in Middletown. Suchat Pederson/The News Journal 6 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Administrator Linda McMahon visits Delaware | 1:39 Linda McMahon, Administrator of the Small Business Administration, tours Delaware businesses in an effort to increase the visibility and awareness of the U.S. Small Business Administration and hear directly from the nation's small businesses. Suchat Pederson/The News Journal 7 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Mobile app helps loved ones and doctors stay connected | 1:19 Partner and COO David Hunt (left) and Managing Partner Anthony Wright started a new healthcare platform, Danio Diary, which aims to help loved ones and doctors stay connected and updated on the medical status of someone receiving care. Suchat Pederson/The News Journal 8 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Delaware chambers hope to make state more small business friendly | 1:12 In conjunction with the Delaware Small Business Development Center, a comprehensive and first-of-its-kind market analysis for the entire state focusing on Delaware's “Main Streets” and downtown areas is in the works. Jerry Smith/The News Journal/WOCHIT 9 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Local thrift shop owner remembers their passion for the business | 1:26 Hippo Thrift owner Alan Rash explains why the treasure hunt can be a powerful experience. Jerry Habraken / The News Journal 10 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Using goats to clear land | 1:41 Kalyn Butt, owner of Green Grazer Goats, started an eco-friendly land-clearing business using goats. Suchat Pederson/The News Journal 11 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE New distillery brewpub soon to open in Milford | 1:24 Zack King and Marissa Cordell have been planning and working to open the easySpeak Distillery & Brewpub in Milford for a year now. Jason Minto/The News Journal/USA TODAY 12 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Checkers expanding in Delaware with more locations on the way | 0:28 Checkers, the popular fast food destination known for its burgers and fries, is opening two new locations as it plans on rapid Delaware expansion. Produced by Jeff Neiburg 13 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE UD student's textbook app taking off | 0:31 Delaware's Jim Jannuzzio started a textbook concierge app last year called BookBandit. Over the last year, BookBandit's download totals have tripled and the business was selected by Google to participate in an invitation-only program. Wochit 14 of 15 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: BUSINESS IN DELAWARE Siemens rolls into New Castle | 1:19 Siemens' new East Coast Locomotive Service Headquarters, a 40,000-square-foot facility near New Castle that operates as the company's digital service support, supply chain and technical field training hub in the region. Suchat Pederson/The News Journal 15 of 15 Last VideoNext Video Newark home first in state available for sale with bitcoin
MidiCi pizzeria coming to Christiana Fashion Center
Toys "R" Us Will Shut 180 Stores
Stanton Planet Fitness grand opening Monday
NextFab makerspaces partners with DCAD
Middletown gets new doggy day care
Administrator Linda McMahon visits Delaware
Mobile app helps loved ones and doctors stay connected
Delaware chambers hope to make state more small business friendly
Local thrift shop owner remembers their passion for the business
Using goats to clear land
New distillery brewpub soon to open in Milford
Checkers expanding in Delaware with more locations on the way
UD student's textbook app taking off
Siemens rolls into New Castle
Buy Photo Three-week-old chickens are shown at a farm of Perdue growers in 2008. (Photo: THE NEWS JOURNAL )Buy Photo
Chicken producers in Delaware and nationally have been accused of selling birds at too high a price.
In the latest episode of an ongoing antitrust fight, two national food distributors on Tuesday filed multiple lawsuits in a U.S. court in Illinois alleging producers engaged in an "illegal conspiracy" of price fixing between 2008 and 2016.
"The industry is highly concentrated, with a small number of large producers in the United States controlling supply," the lawsuit states.
Entities belonging to Perdue Farms, Tyson Foods and Mountaire Farms – which each have large footprints in Delaware – were among more than two dozen named defendants in the suit.
Delaware's two other chicken producers, Allen Harim Foods and Amick Farms, are not defendants in the case.
Tyson spokesperson Gary Mickelson denied the claims and said the lawsuits filed by U.S. Foods Inc. and Sysco Corp. are a common tactic in larger antitrust battles.
"Such complaints do not change our position that the claims are unfounded. We will continue to vigorously defend our company," Mickelson said.
A spokesperson for Perdue said the company does not comment on pending litigation. Mountaire did not respond to a request.
Separately, the Florida attorney general also is investigating claims of collusion among chicken producers.
VIDEO: Millsboro neighbors critical of Mountaire's plan to clean up waste
STORY: Chicken truck crash closes road, causes power outages
Producers in Delaware sold 253 million broiler chickens in 2016, valued at $881 million, according to the United States Department of Agriculture. Broiler is the term attributed to chickens bred for meat production.
Roughly 14,500 people work for chicken producers on the Delmarva Peninsula, according to data kept by Delmarva Poultry Industry Inc. Those do not include employees at the region's more than 1,500 chicken farms that contract with producers to raise the birds.
An issue in the lawsuit is the way producers report information about output, costs and prices to an industry data company. Plaintiffs say chicken executives use the data company as a conduit through which collusion occurs.
"Defendants entered into a continuing agreement, understanding, and conspiracy in restraint of trade to fix, raise, stabilize, and maintain prices for (chicken meat), thereby creating anti-competitive effects," the lawsuit states.
The lawsuit also cites a report from the financial analysis website Seeking Alpha, which said: “U.S. consumers have been over-charged for chicken by more than $3 billion per year."
Plaintiffs are seeking an amount of money "to be determined at trial."
The defendants have not yet responded to the complaint.
Contact Karl Baker at kbaker@delawareonline.com or (302) 324-2329. Follow them on Twitter @kbaker6.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/money/business/2018/02/02/delaware-chicken-producers-selling-birds-too-high-price/300283002/
The Battle of Ridgefield wasn't an isolated encounter, but part of a four-day incursion by British forces under Major Gen. William Tryon into southwestern Connecticut, known as The Danbury Raid.
Some 2,000 British troops sailed from New York, landed in what is now Westport from ships anchored off Compo Beach, marched to Danbury and burned colonial supplies there. As they made their way back the British were harassed by colonial forces and were confronted in Ridgefield — the Battle of Ridgefield — then fought the colonials again in Westport as they returned to their ships, waiting in Long Island Sound.
As Ridgefield's battle re-enactment on April 29 nears, related events are being planned in Ridgefield and by other towns around the area — celebrations of those communities' involvement in the historic events of April 1777.
In Ridgefield, events planned in support of the battle reenactment on Saturday, April 29, including encampments that day, a black tie gala that night. The reenactment on the 240th anniversary of the battle are being organized by local Masons from Jerusalem Lodge 49 in honor Gen. David Wooster, the founder of Freemasonry in Connecticut and an organizer and leader of the colonials' resistance to the raid, who was fatally wounded in fighting along North Salem Road.
Here's a look at upcoming events in Ridgefield and the surrounding area:
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
A morgue official in Sierra Leone's capital says more than 200 bodies have been brought in following heavy flooding and mudslides.
Sinneh Kamara, a coroner technician at the Connaught Hospital mortuary, told the national broadcaster on Monday that the number of corpses brought in has overwhelmed the facility.
They told the Sierra Leone National Broadcasting Corp that bodies were on the floor of the morgue.
Footage on television showed family members digging through mud in a desperate bid to free their loved ones.
Deputy Information Minister Cornelius Deveaux said officials are still trying to compile casualty figures.
Many of the impoverished areas of Sierra Leone's capital are close to sea level and have poor drainage systems, exacerbating flooding during this West African country's rainy season.
Originally published as 'More than 200 dead' after S Leone floods
The 36-year-old actor stars alongside their idol in the sequel to Harrison's 1982 sci-fi movie ‘Blade Runner', and Ryan has admitted to relishing their experience of working with the Hollywood veteran.
Of starring alongside Harrison, Ryan said: “He exceeded my expectations.
“Show me someone who is not a fan and I will show you a liar, but we had high expectations obviously. Then when they got to set it was a relief because they just turned out to be the best collaborator.”
Harrison, 75, has reprised the role of Rick Deckard for the new Denis Villeneuve-directed movie, with Ryan taking on the part of Officer K, a new blade runner for the Los Angeles Police Department.
Despite their previous ‘Blade Runner' experience, Harrison decided against offering their co-star any specific advice prior to shooting the new film.
Asked whether they offered Ryan any words of wisdom, Harrison told the Belfast Telegraph newspaper: “No, no. First of all, there is a director doing any of the talking that needs to be done and it's better.
“I prefer just to throw myself into the water and find out the temperature rather than say, ‘Oh, it's too cold, I'm not going in there', or, ‘It's too hot, somebody help me out here'.
“He's really fun to work with on a visceral level.”
And Ryan pointed out that while some of the specific challenges change depending on what movie he's shooting, the fundamentals of their craft always remain the same.
The Canadian star – who has previously appeared in hits such as ‘La La Land' and ‘Crazy, Stupid, Love' – said: “It's the same job but there are a lot of differences in the new movie, so it was fun to explore those differences in the scenes.”
By Jeff Karoub, Associated Press
DETROIT (AP) – Dennis Edwards, a Grammy-winning former member of the famed Motown group The Temptations, has died. They were 74.
Edwards died Thursday in Chicago after a long illness, said Rosiland Triche Roberts, their longtime booking agent.
Edwards replaced founding member David Ruffin in 1968, and their soulful, passionate voice defined the group for years. A member on and off for about two decades, they were part of the lineup that released hits “Ball of Confusion (That's What The World Is Today),” ”Cloud Nine” and the chart-topping “Papa Was A Rollin' Stone.”
They possessed a “voice for the ages,” with great range, energy and artistry, Paul Riser, a Motown arranger and musician who worked with Edwards during the label's Detroit heyday and on subsequent projects, told The Associated Press. “That voice was just flat-out outstanding — very well-defined.”
Edwards was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame with the rest of The Temptations in 1989.
In the 1990s, a federal judge barred them from performing under their former band's name. Otis Williams, the band's lone original member, sued Edwards for trademark infringement after they had used variations that included “The New Temptations.” They were allowed to use “The Temptations Review featuring Dennis Edwards,” and performed under that name for nearly two decades, according to Roberts.
“He is now at peace, and our love and prayers go out to their family,” Williams said in a statement Friday. “At this moment and always, we acknowledge their extraordinary contribution to The Temptations legacy, which lives on in the music.”
Motown star Smokey Robinson said in a statement that they were saddened “that another Motown soldier is gone.”
“Rest in Peace my brother,” they said. “You were a great talent.”
Born in Birmingham, Alabama, Edwards lived near St. Louis with their wife, Brenda. They would have turned 75 on Saturday.
© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
From the first day of scuba diver training, instructors emphasize the importance of the buddy system, but the president of one certification agency says it can be ok for some to go it alone.
PADI President Drew Richardson, speaking with Cayman 27 at the International Scuba Diving Hall of Fame induction ceremony said solo diving is a controversial subject.
They say PADI, which has certified more than 25 million divers since 1967, advocates the buddy system for social and safety reasons, but they said some experienced and properly equipped divers may be comfortable diving alone.
“If you are really highly experienced and you take the time to prepare yourself to do that, and you've got the right headspace, there's certainly a place for that like any pointy end of a stick, like adventure climbing or anything else, but we certainly don't promote that from day one,” said Mr. Richardson.
PADI now offers a self-reliant specialty course for experienced divers who want or need to experience underwater solitude.
April 20 Temenos Group AG:
* Says Q1 2017 non-IFRS EBIT was USD 27.3 million , an increase of 15 percent in constant currencies
* Q1 IFRS total revenue for quarter was USD 142.5 million, up from USD 129.1 million in Q1 2016
* Sees FY non-IFRS total software licensing growth at constant currency of 10 percent to 15 percent (implying total software licensing revenue of USD 276 million to USD 288 million)
* Sees FY non-IFRS revenue growth at constant currency of 7.5 percent to 11.0 percent (implying revenue of USD 667 million to USD 689 million)
* Sees FY non-IFRS EBIT at constant currency of USD 210 million to 215 million (implying non-IFRS EBIT margin of c.31 percent)
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
‘Leave the Reserve Bank alone' says FMF
The South African Reserve Bank Amendment Bill, 2018 (Private Member's Bill) will be introduced by Julius Malema.
Richard Grant, Professor of Finance & Economics at Cumberland University and Publications Editor of the Free Market Foundation, has issued the following comment.
Recent calls to “nationalise” the South African Reserve Bank imply that the Bank is a private entity, thereby raising questions about the correspondence between legal definitions and the realities of control, policymaking, and administration.
In fact, the Reserve Bank is a statutory creation of the South African Parliament, which also determines the main policy goals that the Bank is tasked to fulfil. Further, more than half of the Bank's board of directors, including all the executive directors, is appointed by the President of the Republic in consultation with the Minister of Finance and a governmentally appointed Panel. That Panel, in turn, approves a list of candidates from which eligible private shareholders may elect the remaining board members.
The private shareholders have no direct control over any aspect of monetary policy or Reserve Bank operations. Their only role is in the election of a minority of board members from a pre-approved list. This involvement is valuable to the extent that it requires greater openness and provides transparency to the operations and auditing of the Bank. Successive amendments to the South African Reserve Bank Act have weakened this role and, with the proposed transfer of all shareholdings to the government, it would be lost completely.
The Reserve Bank has always been an instrument of the state. Despite its corporate structure with ostensibly private shareholding, control has always resided in governmentally appointed officers and the politicians who appoint them.
The South African government is also the residual claimant on profits. Dividends paid to private shareholders are statutorily capped at a maximum of 10 cents per share, with any profits in excess of this amount going partly into reserves and the remainder to the government. The private shareholders, their limited voting powers aside, most closely resemble preferred shareholders or fixed-income bondholders. Even in liquidation, the government would have a majority of claim on any residual proceeds.
Complete nationalisation would require an act of Parliament and a determination of the compensation owed to private shareholders.
From the perspective of control and monetary policy, the transfer of all shareholdings to the government would have no more effect than if the Reserve Bank repurchased a small portion of its outstanding debentures. The oversight and informational benefits would be lost, but there would not necessarily be any change in policy or in the control mechanisms. The marginal loss of transparency could, over time, increase the risk of more aggressive or more politically sensitive policy interventions.
The greatest risk comes from the underlying motivation within Parliament to nationalise the Reserve Bank and how that motivation would be reflected in the enactment of changes to its mission or structure.
Several influential stakeholder groups have expressed their desire for a more aggressive and stimulative approach to monetary policy. But the destabilising and inflationary dangers of a politicised central bank are well known and any move in that direction would downgrade the ranking of the rand within the international monetary system.
A weaker and less predictable currency invariably distorts capital flows and trade patterns, hindering economic progress and increasing the likelihood of recessions and losses of employment. If a desire for more aggressive monetary policy is indeed the motivation behind the imminent nationalisation proposal, then it is unquestionably better to leave the South African Reserve Bank Act unchanged.
Given that the Reserve Bank has long been a de facto nationalised agency, the proposal to transfer all outstanding shares to government ownership would, at best, be a cosmetic change. There is always a danger that legislative changes can lead to unexpected and undesirable institutional consequences. A safer and more predictably beneficial action by Parliament would instruct the Reserve Bank to reduce its inflation target range. This would improve the rand's performance as a currency – both internally and externally – and would not require any structural changes at the Bank.
(NEW YORK) -- American Girl has announced its first boy character that will be available starting Feb. 18.The 18-inch doll, named Logan Everett, comes with their own drum set an...
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conquer a rock-hard challenge around Nantwich and you could find yourself tucking into a delicious free meal!
Fun-loving bosses at Enzo, the popular Italian restaurant at High Street, have hidden 100 rocks – painted green and bearing the firm's emblem – around Nantwich and Wistaston.
Now they have issued a challenge: Find one of the rocks to win a free pizza or pasta dish.
And for the eagle-eyed people who spot one of two special golden rocks there is a dinner for two – with wine – waiting as a reward.
The Great Enzo Rock Hunt got underway this week.
Enzo owner Carrie Slater said: “I've loved searching for rocks with my own children, and it's a great way to encourage an active lifestyle.
“The ethos of Enzo embraces this. By giving something back in terms of pizza and pasta I look forward to seeing a lot of smiling faces carrying rocks back to the restaurant.”
The hobby of stone painting has become something of a craze, with groups launching on social media to encourage others to share their work.
Enzo's rock hunt has been aligned with the fine summer weather in order to tempt people to get out and hunt for the eye-catching rocks.
And it coincides with the restaurant extending opening hours to as late as 9pm on Friday and Saturdays, as well as the introduction of a new dessert menu which includes the return of chocolate pizza!
Rock hunt prizes can be claimed after 4pm each day.
For more information on Enzo, who are hosting a Wine & Dessert Night and a Vegan Night on July 6 and 7 respectively, call on 01270 618093 or find them on Facebook.
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A Connecticut police officer who shot and killed a man who was beating them over the head with their own stun gun was justified when they opened fire, a prosecutor said Monday in clearing the officer of criminal wrongdoing.
Montville Constable Robin Salvatore shot 53-year-old Val Thomas at a hotel in January 2017, Windham State's Attorney Anne Mahoney said in their report. Thomas, who was struck in the abdomen, was pronounced dead at the hospital.
Salvatore and another officer had gone to the Chesterfield Lodge at the request of the owner who said Thomas had not paid their bill and refused to leave.
Related Content: Officer who killed man in altercation near motel identified
Thomas grabbed Salvatore's Taser from their duty belt, hit them over the head with it several times, drawing blood that dripped into the officer's eye, and said they would kill them
Salvatore, who had backed away from Thomas fearing that they would try to stun them with the Taser, fired one round after telling Thomas to drop it.
“Since Mr. Thomas repeatedly struck them in the head with a blunt object that could have caused death or serious physical injury and stated that they intended to kill her, Officer Salvatore was justified in the use of deadly physical force,” Mahoney said.
Related Content: Police release name of man shot by police at Montville hotel
The police account of the confrontation was backed up by hotel surveillance video and the police cruiser camera, Mahoney said.
Thomas had had several contacts with law enforcement dating to 1984, including convictions for physical violence, Mahoney's report said. Investigators also found delusional writings in their room after their death.
DRIVERS looking to fill up will no longer be able to use the Shell service station on Ballina Rd in Lismore Heights after the outlet shut its doors this week.
A Coles Express representative confirmed the sudden closure of the servo on Monday.
According to the company, the former Ballina Rd team have relocated to the Dawson St outlet.
"We're excited to advise that from Thursday our customers will be able to visit the recently refurbished Coles Express at Dawson Street, which is located close by," the representative said.
"Our Dawson Street site has undergone a significant refurbishment with the installation of new underground tanks, pumps, and a new canopy.
"The team from Ballina Road are relocating to Dawson St and are excited to welcome the customers from Lismore back after a lengthy temporary closure."
The company Viva Energy supplies fuel to the Coles Express service stations although they also carry the Shell branding.
POLICE have released dramatic video footage of three pursuits in the south-east over the Easter long weekend, two of which happened in Ipswich.
Polair has helped police track down several stolen vehicles allegedly driven dangerously in separate incidents in Riverview, Redbank Plains and Deception Bay.
In the first incident, local police were patrolling in Riverview when they allegedly observed a stolen Toyota Corolla around 11.40pm on Friday night.
Police have released footage from the Polair chopper after three dramatic arrests occurred over Easter.
When the crew attempted to intercept the car on Gibbs St, the vehicle allegedly failed to stop and evaded police.
Polair 2 tracked the vehicle as it was allegedly driven dangerously in the area before a road spike was deployed and the vehicle intercepted on Glorious Promenade at Redbank Plains.
A 19-year-old One Mile man was charged with nine offences including unlawful use of a motor vehicle, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle, obstruct police, stealing and drug offences.
In the second incident, police officers allegedly observed a stolen motorcycle travelling at high speed on Zammit Street in Deception Bay around 11pm on Saturday night.
It allegedly failed to stop for police and continued travelling at high speed when Polair 2 tracked the rider to an address on King Stt at Woody Point where they were arrested by police.
The arrests occurred in Riverview, Redbank Plains and Deception Bay.
The 24-year-old man has been charged with nine offences including unlawful use of a motor vehicle, stealing and fraud.  They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.
The third incident was at 1am on Easter Sunday when officers spotted an alleged stolen Mitsubishi Lancer travelling on Redbank Plains Rd at Redbank Plains.
Polair 2 tracked the vehicle from above while officers pursued it through the Ipswich area before the driver allegedly crashed into a fence at Raceview and fled on foot.
One man allegedly tried to flee on foot before being arrested.
The 24-year-old man was charged with 15 offences including unlawful use of a motor vehicle, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle, unlicensed driving, failing to stop, burglary and stealing.
They appeared in the Ipswich Magistrates Court yesterday where they were remanded in custody until their next appearance on May 8.
click to enlarge Artist Facebook page
DJ Rich Medina will be at the helm of the Groove Cruise
Wanna live that good life? Sail the seas on Tues. June 5 via the Groove Cruise, an Afrobeat boat cruise.Boarding at 7:30 p.m. at 360 Concord St., the Groove Cruise, operated by Spiritline Cruises, will sail the Charleston Harbor to the sounds of renowned New York City DJ, Rich Medina.If you're into house, hip-hop, Afrobeat, soul, and everything in between, Medina's got you. In addition to pumping up the jams, Medina is also a professor of African American music, history, and culture at Cornell University and Barnes Foundation and has been known to throw numerous, weekly NYC parties with Q-Tip themselves of Tribe Called Quest, just to name a couple of the DJ's cool credentials.DJ Willy Soul will warm up the ones and twos before Medina hits the decks.The boat departs at 8 p.m. sharp, so don't be late for this dope-ass Piccolo date.
PITTSBURGH (AP) — The quality Mike Sullivan appreciates the most in Evgeni Malkin is the one that separates the Pittsburgh Penguins star from just about everyone else who happens to do what Malkin does for a living.
“He's such a threat when he's on the ice,” Sullivan said. “He's one of the elite players in the league that has the ability to change the outcome.”
And do it with style. Malkin celebrated their return from a lower-body injury with their 23rd goal of the season then added a beautiful feed that set up Phil Kessel's third-period goal, helping the Penguins roll by the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 on Tuesday night.
Sidney Crosby earned the 999th point of their career with an assist on Jake Guentzel's goal and Matt Cullen added their ninth of the season for Pittsburgh. Matt Murray stopped 29 shots for their third shutout of the season, and the Penguins remained unbeaten in regulation since the All-Star break (5-0-2).
Malkin missed seven games while rehabbing an injury from a victory over St. Louis in Jan. 24. They appeared ready to return last Saturday night in Arizona before Sullivan made Malkin a late scratch just to be sure.
Given another couple of days to rest, Malkin picked up right where they left off before getting hurt. They gave Pittsburgh the lead 5:51 into the second when they stood on the far post, stopped a pass from Olli Maatta with their right skate and tapped it into the net.
“I tried to score with my stick because sometimes (if it's) off your skates, the coach makes a challenge,” Malkin said. “I know the puck was coming.”
Vancouver's defense couldn't say the same when Malkin and Kessel broke in on Ryan Miller late in the third. Racing down the right wing, Malkin dangled the puck on their stick and waited while defenseman Luca Sbisa slid harmlessly out of the way before slipping it Kessel, who buried it into the open net to make it 3-0 with just over six minutes to go.
“The first time we went 2-on-1, I tried to pass to them and they tried to pass it back and it didn't work,” Malkin said. “Now I passed to them and they shoot. It's more fun.”
Miller made 38 saves while under siege for most of the night, particularly in the third as Pittsburgh pulled away.
“We knew what game we had to play,” Miller said. “You saw what happened when we got away from it in the third. We started stretching things out and leaving good ice. It didn't turn out so well.”
Despite a series of injuries, the defending Stanley Cup champions have managed to keep pace in the supremely tight Metropolitan Division, where the Penguins, Columbus and the New York Rangers are separated by all of two points as they try to keep first-place Washington in striking distance.
Murray was spectacular at times. They snagged Jack Skille's wrist shot on a breakaway out of midair late in the second and stoned Skille again when they skated in all alone early in the third.
By then, the Penguins were firmly in control after Crosby set up Guentzel's sixth of the season. The Penguins captain came in having gone scoreless in consecutive games for the first time in nearly a year.
The drought was on its way to stretching to three games heading into the third, but Crosby nudged closer to becoming the 86th NHL player with 1,000 points when they completed a give-and-go by feeding a streaking Guentzel down the slot 2:27 into the third.
“It's pretty easy when you're playing with the best player,” said Guentzel, a rookie who has six goals in 18 games.
NOTES: Guentzel is the 110th teammate to factor in a scoring play for Crosby. … Penguins D Trevor Daley's secondary assist on Malkin's goal was the 200th of their career. … The Canucks went 0 for 1 on the power play. The Penguins were 0 for 2 with the man advantage. … Vancouver scratched Cs Brandon Sutter and Bo Horvat and D Philip Larsen. … Pittsburgh scratched D Chad Ruhwedel and C Eric Fehr. … Pittsburgh is 62-0-0 when leading after two periods during Sullivan's tenure.
UP NEXT
Canucks: Travel to St. Louis on Thursday. Vancouver beat the Blues 2-1 in the first meeting of the season on Oct. 18.
Penguins: Welcome Winnipeg on Thursday.
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side Pause
0:10 Vehicle used by suspects in armed robberies
1:53 The Pastor at Babe's Chicken Dinner House
0:08 Suspect in armed robberies
1:48 Fort Worth Opera's 'JFK' takes the stage at Bass Hall
7:28 Arlington mayor rips opponents of Texas Rangers stadium in secret audio recording
1:10 The Wall That Heals comes to the Stockyards
0:57 Arlington homeowner fatally shoots teen breaking into car, police say
1:29 Dallas Mavericks Dancers 2016 auditions
Welcome to Mega Buzz, your go-to place for the latest and greatest spoilers on your favorite TV shows. We know you have questions, and we have answers! If you're craving scoop on something in particular, e-mail us your question at mega_scoop@tvguide.com or drop us a line at Twitter.com/TVGuide. You can also catch up on all the latest Mega Buzz right here!
There's no way in the world that anyone on NBC's The Good Place could ever trust Michael (Ted Danson) after all he's done, right? The architect of afterlife torture has already deceived Eleanor (Kristen Bell) and the rest of Team Cockroach a whopping 802 times (!!!), and yet here they are, teaming up to escape to The Good Place together. But can Eleanor really trust Michael now that they're aligned, or is this another one of their ruses?
According to creator Mike Schur, it seems a little bit of both. "He doesn't want to be [in The Good Place,] it's just the only place they can go where they won't be eliminated from the universe. So at the moment they say that, yeah, he's telling the truth," Schur tells TV Guide.
Hmm... let's break that down. Michael doesn't actually want to go to the Good Place and even Schur admits Michael was only being honest "at the moment." If you ask us, that seems to imply that as soon as Michael finds a better option (or a better ally!), he's going to undergo a major change of a heart. But with this show, you never know.
The Good Place airs Thursday nights at 8:30/7:30c on NBC.
A child and two adults have been burned after an explosion on a boat this morning (April 24).
Emergency services were called at around 8.45am after a woman, man and child were injured by the fire on the River Great Ouse in Willow Walk, Ely.
The ambulance service says the group have injuries to their hands and faces - and the severity of their injuries are not yet known.
We'll be bringing you the very latest updates, pictures and video on this breaking news story.
For the latest news visit cambridge-news.co.uk/news/
You can also download our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time.
We're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News.
© Edmon de Haro
Of the several hundred students tested, many of whom had taken more than six years of laboratory science ... and advanced mathematics through calculus, almost none demonstrated even a semblance of acceptable methodological reasoning.
Students who receive honor grades in college-level physics courses are frequently unable to solve basic problems and questions encountered in a form slightly different from that on which they have been formally instructed and tested.
If we presume that students are sleeping eight hours a night, which is a generous assumption given their tardiness and at times disheveled appearance in early morning classes, that leaves 85 hours a week for other activities.
which is to say that a great majority of the extra education workers received was deployed not to get better jobs, but to get jobs that had recently been held by people with less education.
© Mackenzie Mathis
A rat reaches for an object. (Mackenzie Mathis)
A rat reaches for an object. (Mackenzie Mathis)
Colored dots track the positions of a racehorse's body parts. (Mackenzie Mathis)
Scientists are already using it to study octopuses, electric fish, surgical robots, and racehorses.In a video, a rodent reaches out and grabs a morsel of food, while small, colored dots highlight the positions of its knuckles. In another clip, a racehorse gallops along a track; again, small, colored dots track the position of its body parts. In a third video, two human dancers circle around each other as those same dots unfailingly follow the sometimes fluid, sometimes jerky movements of their limbs.These videos are showcases for DeepLabCut , a tool that can automatically track and label the body parts of moving animals. Developed this year by Mackenzie Mathis and Alexander Mathis , a pair of married neuroscientists, DeepLabCut is remarkable in its simplicity.Here's one striking example . This video, shot in Costa Rica, shows a lichen katydid, an insect whose white protrusions perfectly camouflage its body against the white lichen on which it walks. DeepLabCut sees through the insect's ruse, successfully labeling its feet, joints, and antennae.A lot of research in those fields hinges on understanding what humans and other animals are doing by parsing actions that have been recorded on film. James Bonaiuto from the French National Center for Scientific Research, for instance, studies how the limb movements of tool-wielding people relate to the patterns of neural activity in their brains. "Many studies involve an army of graduate students painstakingly coding videos of behavior frame by frame," they say. By automating that laborious work, DeepLabCut makes such studies much faster and more accurate."I've used commercial and academic video-tracking software, and even written my own. DeepLabCut surpasses all of them by a large margin," adds Andres Bendesky at Columbia University, who is using the algorithm to study the fighting behavior of betta fish. "There's been a need for software like it for a long time, and I expect it to be the standard in the field for a while.""It works impressively well," they say. "It can help us track the tip and the tail of the needle very well, even though the side that is facing the camera changes throughout the trial."DeepLabCut was born of necessity.At its core, DeepLabCut is a modified version of DeeperCut , a neural network created by other researchers to detect and label human poses in videos. Such networks are very good at what they do, but you must first train them by showing them thousands of hand-labeled frames. And if you want them to label a different species, moving in a different way, you need to repeat this training step all over again.After that, it's much easier to teach the network to recognize something far more specific, like a rat's paw, a betta fish's fins, or a katydid's legs. Instead of thousands of hand-labeled frames, you can get away with a few hundred, or even a few dozen. "We're asking it, 'You can see the world. Now, we want you to find these body parts, and we'll give you a few frames [to start].' And it can do it," Mackenzie says.This combination of versatility and reliability is unique. In past research, Avner Wallach of Columbia University relied on complicated algorithms that were specifically designed to track the positions of individual rodent whiskers. These trackers did nothing else, and they still produced enough errors that a couple of students had to regularly check the results. "Having a versatile, one-size-fits-all algorithm can definitely save a lot of work for many labs around the world," says Wallach, who is now using DeepLabCut to track the movements of the Peters' elephantnose fish , an African fish that senses the world by producing its own electric fields.DeepLabCut is freely available, and researchers around the world have already been making good use of it-in ways that the Mathises couldn't have foreseen.
has been going on "for a very, very long time."
"It's crazy that we require 12-year-olds to go into the grand jury and prove force, fraud, or coercion.
There's an alarming increase in Rochester children who are being sold for sex.Police, medical officials, and local agencies referred 127 cases of kids in 2014 who could be sexually exploited. Last year,admitted they had been sold for sex. The Center for Youth Safe Harbor program which offers to counsel the children and teens still have more than 200 open cases.Child rights and protection advocate Melanie Blow, Chief Operations Officer for the Stop Abuse Campaign saysBlow acknowledges, however, that with strengthened laws against trafficking they are seeing some changes in the community's attitudes toward prostitution, and a willingness to understand and view many prostitutes,The pressure is still on, however, for New York lawmakers to do more to stop trafficking.Anti-sex abuse organization Shared Hope International recently gave New York a grade of D in its efforts to halt sex trafficking. The group is also interested in the treatment of men who buy minors for sex. Their beef is that the buyers are not covered by the state's sex trafficking laws. Aside from that, theSome lawmakers now want that changed. Assemblywoman Amy Paulin, D-Scarsdale, and Senator Andrew Lanza have introduced a bill that would change the state law to reflect the same as the federal law.Another supporter of the proposed law is anti-trafficking activist Laure Hersh, national director for the non-profit group World Without Exploitation, who said:Hersh also said that they believe that state law for sex buyers is strong enough. Men and women who pay for sex with minors face tougher penalties including up to seven years in prison and fines of up to $5,000.Another thing that Hersh finds positive these days is that she's already seeing changes in sex-trafficking - be it in societal attitudes and laws.
© Karen Blier / AFP
Hundreds of thousands of bitcoins have been seized in an anti-corruption operation in Bulgaria, reports Zerohedge. They are currently worth $3.6 billion, which is enough to pay off a fifth of the country's national debt of $16.5 billion.Dozens of people were arrested in May following an investigation by the Southeast European Law Enforcement Center (SELC) into an alleged customs fraud, according to the article The operation involved a large-scale search of "more than 100 addresses, suspects, and vehicles," according to SELC. Out of the 23 suspects arrested, five were Bulgarian customs officers. Police seized "equipment, devices for communication, computers, tablets, and bank documents.""The organized criminal group consisted of Bulgarian nationals with connections in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Greece, Romania, and Serbia," said SELC."Once the virus was installed, the offenders were able to change shipments, so in the customs' system it appeared the cargo was already checked and passed."SELC has suggested, "the offenders choose bitcoin as a way of investing/saving the money, because it is rather difficult to be tracked and followed."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's international weekend and let's be honest, it's awful.
Fear not, Non-League Day is back for a seventh year - so why not go and give it a try this weekend?
Clubs up and down the country are opening up their doors with special offers and unique initiatives to try and get you to give your local club a go.
But what are the best games on offer on Saturday?
Mirror Football's resident non-league nerd Aaron Flanagan has the lowdown...
Clitheroe vs Colne (FA Trophy)
(Image: Nev1/Wikipedia)
A local Lancashire derby, a cup game and a quaint little ground, overlooked by the town's castle. As stereotypical of a non-league venue as you could imagine - and the pies are great.
Best thing about the club: You'll feel like you're watching football in the 1980s.
Non-League Day initiative: Will hold bucket collections for Evo-Stik League's official charity partner, Sports Traider.
Corinthian-Casuals vs AFC Dunstable (FA Trophy)
(Image: Stuart Tree)
Corinthian-Casuals have one of the most unique histories of any club in Britain. They even had Socrates represent them in a game against their illustrious Brazilian namesakes. Plus, how often will you watch a team wearing pink and brown halves?
Best thing about the club: History. Seriously, go there, talk to people and learn.
Non-League Day initiative: Raising money for Prostate Cancer UK through the day.
Dulwich Hamlet vs Needham Market (FA Trophy)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Without a doubt non-league's most hipster club. Dulwich are so much more than a football team; standing up for LGBT rights, supporting local food banks and so much more. It might not be everyone's cup of tea, but for a different football experience, this is the place to go.
Best thing about the club: They're different. It's a unique experience.
Non-League Day initiative: Pay what you want admission.
Hereford vs Dorchester Town (FA Trophy)
(Image: SWNS.com)
There are plenty of former Football League clubs rooted down in the lower echelons of the pyramid. Hereford are well on their rise back to the top and still get crowds in excess of 5,000. Now supporter-owned, it's a nice tale of turned fortunes.
Best thing about the club: A sleeping giant of a club - and huge fan base.
Non-League Day initiative: No initiative but tickets are selling out fast.
Hitchin Town vs Stratford Town (Evo-Stik Southern Premier)
(Image: Alistair Lockyer/Wikipedia)
One of non-league's hidden gems. The wooden terraces that surround the ground must be a ballache to keep in tip top condition but they create one of the most evocative settings that football is played in.
Best thing about the club: The terraces. See above. Phwoar.
Non-League Day initiative: Pay what you want admission. Free club water bottle to first 200 youngsters through turnstile.
Mossley vs Skelmersdale United (FA Trophy)
(Image: Harry Taylor)
If the sun's out, there might not be a better place to watch football. A proper traditional football ground with stunning views across the pennines. Wherever you stand at Seel Park, you've got a good view. (Picture courtesy of Harry Taylor )
Best thing about the club: The views.
Non-League Day initiative: Discounted admission for Manchester City, Huddersfield Town and Oldham Athletic season ticker holders.
Scarborough Athletic vs South Shields (FA Trophy)
(Image: @safc/Twitter)
Boro have only recently moved into their new Flamingo Land Stadium (yes, that's the real name) and it has breathed life into the club. They take on one of non-league's the most ambitious sides. Expect a large crowd in a tight venue (although all tickets are pay on the game) and a game between two evenly matched sides.
Best thing about the club: Huge crowd in the venue should be pretty intense.
Non-League Day initiative: Like Clitheroe, will be raising money for Evo-Stik League's official charity partner, Sports Traider.
Stourbridge vs Halesowen Town (Evo-Stik Northern Premier)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Probably the pick of the action on Saturday. As far as rivalries go, this is probably the most fierce derby clash taking place on Non-League Day. Stour's Memorial Ground might only have three sides (due to sharing with the local cricket club) but it remains one of the most atmospheric in the country.
Best thing about the club: Community feel and friendly welcome.
Non-League Day initiative: None… but it is only a tenner for adults!
York City vs Brackley Town (National League North)
(Image: Action Images)
It's safe to say that York are too big of a side to be playing in the National League North. Despite the lowly status, Bootham Crescent is still one of the best grounds around. In York and Brackley are two promotion contenders.
Best thing about the club: Great ground in a stunning city.
Non-League Day initiative: None :(
In an article on Wednesday, the New York Times revealed how Google's contract with the Pentagon created an identity crisis at the company, and how Google Cloud's Chief Scientist for A.I. Fei-Fei Li warned colleagues against mentioning weaponized artificial intelligence to the press and public.
The article discusses Dr. Li's strong belief that it would damage Google to release information on Pentagon contracts. This information reportedly led to multiple employees resigning from the Silicon Valley giant.
Fei-Fei Li is among the brightest stars in the burgeoning field of artificial intelligence, somehow managing to hold down two demanding jobs simultaneously: head of Stanford University's A.I. lab and chief scientist for A.I. at Google Cloud, one of the search giant's most promising enterprises. Yet last September, when nervous company officials discussed how to speak publicly about Google's first major A.I. contract with the Pentagon, Dr. Li strongly advised shunning those two potent letters. “Avoid at ALL COSTS any mention or implication of AI,” they wrote in an email to colleagues reviewed by The New York Times. “Weaponized AI is probably one of the most sensitized topics of AI — if not THE most. This is red meat to the media to find all ways to damage Google.”
In another startling quote, Google co-founder Sergei Brin stated that it would be better for peace if the Pentagon was working with giant tech companies like Google instead of traditional defense contractors.
According to two Google employees, Mr. Brin said they understood the controversy and had discussed the matter extensively with Mr. Page and Mr. Pichai. However, they said they thought that it was better for peace if the world's militaries were intertwined with international organizations like Google rather than working solely with nationalistic defense contractors.
You can read the full article at the New York Times.
Global Bio Based Lubricants Market: Overview
The increasing depletion of crude oil resources and the increasing awareness about their environmental implications have led to the development of environment-friendly lubricants. This is because crude oil based lubricants have health implications and are also a cause of pollution that environment-friendly products are free of. Lubricants usually impact the environment at all stages from production to use to disposal and thus need to be non-toxic to humans either through inhalation or contact during production and use.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=2920
Bio based lubricants are mainly synthesized from vegetable oil and oilseeds. Bio based lubricants are mostly made of esters, which are either natural, oleo chemical, or complex. While natural esters are triglycerides of vegetable oils, oleo chemical esters of fatty acids are polyol esters and diesters and complex esters. These lubricating substances are synthesized from numerous cultures, usually rapeseed or sunflower, but can also be produced from exotic oils. Moreover, depending on the usage, fatty acids can also be derived from palm oil and coconut oil and these oils have distinguished properties in comparison to the oils that are commonly used, predominantly in terms of oxidation stability.
The report is a complete study of current market trends, growth drivers, and restraints that will impact the growth of the global bio based lubricants market between 2014 and 2020. Using validated research tools and assumptions, the report presents market size estimates and competitive structure of the market until the end of the forecast period in 2024.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/bio-based-lubricants.html
Global Bio Based Lubricants Market: Drivers and Restraints
The implementation of mandates for the usage of bio based lubricants and growth in end-user industries such as transportation, shipping are some of the major factors driving the global bio based lubricants market. The increasing use of bio based lubricants derived from renewable resources is also due to their low toxicity, high biodegradability, and environment-friendly nature. Due to the natural abundance and high lubricating properties of vegetable oils, they are increasingly finding application in hydraulic fluids, petroleum fuel additives, engine oils, and metalworking fluids. With increasing demand for vegetable oils, their production is also on the rise. For example, the annual production of vegetable oil increased from 55 million metric tons (MMT) in 1980 to 100 MMT by 2000 across the globe. It is projected to reach 200 MMT by 2020.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
LOS ANGELES — Next year's Oscars season has been set, with several events leading up to the broadcast of the 91st Academy Awards on Feb. 24, 2019.
The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences announced key dates during the season on Monday, including the handing out of its honorary Oscars, the Governors Awards, on Nov. 18.
Nominations will be announced on Jan. 22, and scientific and technical awards will be bestowed during a Feb. 9 gala.
The Oscars are traditionally handed out in February, but were bumped to March this year due to the Winter Olympics.
This year's Oscars reached 26.5 million viewers, easily a record low for what is often the second most-watched program of the year after the Super Bowl.
"The Shape of Water" won this year's best picture award.
McLaren Automotive just unveiled the McLaren Senna, their latest limited edition ‘road legal track car'. Named after the famous Formula 1 driver Ayrton Senna who drove for McLaren in the 1988 season. Senna was tragically taken from the world when they crashed at Imola, 23 years ago on the 1st of May, 1994. There's perhaps no bigger honor than having a car named after you and boy is this McLaren a absolute stunner.
Oozing McLaren's most extreme strand of DNA, the goal here was to create the purest connection between car and driver. With just 500 units ever being made, you can forget about having one in your garage as,
Every McLaren Senna has already been assigned to a customer.
McLaren says this is their most track-focused road car ever built, which pretty means It's designed for the insane performance required on the track, but somehow has been allowed to cruise on public roads. Unashamedly without compromise, the McLaren Senna is a car like no other. The latest member of the McLaren Ultimate Series, It's built from the same family that brought the world the McLaren P1 hypercar. The McLaren Senna will be hand-assembled in England at the McLaren Production Centre.
Design
Fast cars need an aggressive design, not only to achieve the airflow necessary for performance, but to have that ‘fast while sitting still look'. If you spend millions on a car like this (no official price tag, if you have to ask, you definitely can't afford it), then you want to be a nice blend of excited and scared when the garage door opens.
The 4-wheel machine, features organic lines and a design language that is purposely fragmented in pursuit of absolute performance. From the front splitter to the double diffuser at the rear, you cannot follow a single line from the front to the rear without it passing through a functional air intake or vent. Even the thickness of the rear lights and the angle of the unique ‘slash-cut' exhausts make an airflow contribution to the performance of the McLaren Senna.
One of the more unique elements of the design is a transparent cut out in the side of the doors. This allows people to see into the vehicle in a new and different way than the typical side windows do. I guess people just need to see the lux interior for maximum jealousy factor.
Finding the right balance between downforce and aerodynamics was an important focus for the car. From the look of that massive rear wing (straight from GT3) this looks like the Aerodynamics team won that arm wrestle. To experience it all working in unison is said to be truly incredible, which I believe 110% with the active aerodynamics ensuring the driver has the confidence to explore the limits such downforce unlocks.
Performance
The McLaren Senna has a single-minded purpose: to be the ultimate McLaren track-concentrated car for the road. It deliberately compromises McLaren's trademark breadth of supercar daily usability; instead it provides the purest connection between driver and car. The pioneering front and rear active aerodynamics generate unprecedented levels of downforce and work in harmony with the RaceActive Chassis Control II (RCC II) hydraulic suspension and the ultra-rigid MonoCage III monocoque to deliver an incredibly intensive experience on a circuit.
Ultra-lightweight construction, with a carbon fibre chassis and carbon fibre body panels, ensure this is the lightest vehicle we have built since the iconic McLaren F1. The 4.0-litre twin- turbocharged V8 is our most powerful road car engine to date, producing 800PS (789bhp) and 800Nm (590lb ft). This combination creates a staggering power-to-weight ratio of 688PS-per-tonne.
Innovation
We think of the McLaren Senna as a race car – we have designed and built it to perform on the track first and foremost. The new generation of groundbreaking front and rear active aerodynamics raise downforce and aero control to an unprecedented level to ensure the performance potential can be fully exploited. Exhaustive, fearless engineering has led us to re-evaluate and reassess every component, no matter how small or insignificant, to maximise performance.
The carbon fibre MonoCage III chassis is the strongest monocoque ever built by McLaren for a road-legal vehicle. The track-focused Race mode introduces a lower ride height, a lower centre of gravity and significantly stiffer suspension. The carbon ceramic braking system is the most advanced ever fitted to a McLaren road car. Tyre choice is equally focused, with bespoke Pirelli P ZeroTM Trofeo R tyres developed in conjunction with McLaren technical partner Pirelli. Only one style of wheel is available: an ultra-lightweight alloy wheel with a race-inspired centre lock system.
The McLaren Senna is a new track benchmark for McLaren. To get you excited (and sad you'll probably never drive one) McLaren have released a video of teaser to reveal the car.
RIP Ayrton, it may have taken 23 years, but now there's a car worthy of your legacy that'll let your story live on forever.
By The Associated Press
Charlottesville driver previously accused of beating mother
White nationalists: Charlottesville just a beginning
Protesters topple Confederate statue in North Carolina
Trump arrives home in New York, but protesters don't see them
The Latest: Intel CEO resigns from Trump business council
Swift justice: Jury takes Taylor's side in groping lawsuit
Trump considers Arpaio pardon; critics call out president
‘Out for blood': Man arrested in plan to bomb Oklahoma bank
US WWII vet returns Japanese flag to fallen soldier's family
Holocaust memorial vandalized for second time this summer
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Russian President Vladimir Putin announced on Thursday that the Syrian government and armed opposition groups had reached an agreement on a nationwide ceasefire in Syria and on readiness to start peace talks.
© AFP 2016/ LOUAI BESHARA 'Best Thing Turkey Can Do Now is Talk to Assad and Withdraw Forces' From Syria
Putin called on the Syrian government, armed opposition and all countries with influence on the situation in the Arab republic to support the reached agreements and to take part in the anticipated talks in Astana.
A nationwide ceasefire between the Syrian government and opposition factions came into force at midnight on Friday. Russia and Turkey serve as guarantors of the ceasefire deal, which paves the way for negotiations between the warring parties.
Moreover, Russia and Turkey have been cooperating on a number of other important issues since relations between Moscow and Turkey improved after the incident with the Su-24 Russian bomber.
The Syrian conflict
According to the newspaper, Ankara-Moscow alliance in Syria is supposed to serve as a counterbalance to the US activities in the region.
"Erdoğan and Putin are united in their aversion to the US. Although Turkey is part of the US-led anti-Daesh coalition, it has sharply condemned Washington's support for the Kurdish militia in Syria. Moscow and Ankara lay hopes on the new president Donald Trump, who shows little interest in Syria and thus could leave this issue to Erdoğan and Putin," the article said.
© Sputnik/ Dmitriy Vinogradov Russia, Turkey Reportedly Strike Daesh Positions in Northern Syria
Late December, a Syrian ceasefire brokered by Moscow, Ankara and Tehran has come into effect, with several key radical groups pledging to cut ties with al-Nusra Front and Daesh.
This is something Washington promised to achieve, but failed to deliver, political analyst Elena Suponina wrote for RIA Novosti.
A Message to the EU
Russian-Turkish friendship also sends a message to the European Union. In this way, both countries want to demonstrate that "they are not isolated," the newspaper wrote.
The relations between Ankara and Brussels rapidly deteriorated following a coup attempt in Turkey in July 2015. Russian President Vladimir Putin, on the contrary, was the first to express their sympathy for the Turkish government.
"After the coup attempt, NATO member Turkey has been disappointed in the alliance: the country was expecting more support," the newspaper wrote.
Moscow also supports Turkey's interest in a closer integration with the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO). Ankara authorities announced that they consider the Organization an alternative to the EU.
© REUTERS/ Russia, Turkey Will Not Let Syria Be 'Torn' Into Zones of Influence
A lot of work has also been done in the economic field. When Putin attended the energy conference in Istanbul in October 2016, the two countries agreed on several important projects, including the "Turkish Stream."
The pipeline will transport Russian gas to Europe via the Black Sea and will significantly decrease Moscow's dependence on Eastern Europe.
"Turkey will receive a big discount for the gas delivered via this pipeline. Today Moscow is already the largest supplier of gas to Turkey," the article noted.
Both countries also agreed on lifting the economic sanctions. The restrictive measures were introduced amid the crisis in Russian-Turkish relations after the incident with a Su-24 Russian bomber that was downed by a Turkish warplane in November 2015.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Mumbai: The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party notched early leads in the Palghar and Bhandara-Gondiya Lok Sabha bypolls, counting of votes for which in underway on Thursday.
In Palghar, the BJP nominee Rajendra Gavit was leading over their nearest Bahujan Vikas Aghadi rival Baliram Jadhav.
The Shiv Sena` Shriniwas Vanga, Communist Party of India-Marxist`s Kiran Gahala and Congress`s Damodar Shingada, trailed in that order in the high-stakes elections held on Monday.
In Bhandara-Gondiya, initial reports indicated that BJP`s Hemant Patle was leading over their nearest NCP rival Madhukar Kukde, but figures were not announced by the Election Commission.
Elections in both the constituencies were marred by large-scale incidents of malfunctioning EVM-VVPATs with all the opposition parties and ruling ally Shiv Sena hurling allegations of foul play and tampering of the machines.
As per current trends, the BJP appeared strong in both the seats, fulfilling Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis` vow, to win the elections "come what may" -- and their later controversial remarks of using "Saam, Daam, Dand, Bhed" to bag the polls at all costs.
© Amnesty International/File photo
A Jordanian man convicted of drug smuggling has been executed by beheading in Saudi Arabia, raising the number of people executed in the kingdom so far this year to more than 100, officials and human rights activists say.The man, who was convicted of smuggling "a large quantity" of banned amphetamine pills, was executed on Tuesday in the northwestern region of Tabuk. A statement from the interior ministry provided no specific details about the case.Tuesday's beheading raises the number of people executed in Saudi Arabia so far this year to 101, including 60 people who were executed in the past three months alone. A Saudi man was executed for murder on Monday and a Pakistani man was executed for heroin smuggling on Sunday.said Lynn Maalouf of Amnesty International. "If the Saudi authorities are truly intent on making reforms, they must immediately establish an official moratorium on executions as a first step towards abolishing the death penalty completely."Amnesty International noted that about 40 percent of executions so far this year were for non-lethal crimes such as drug offenses. Human rights group Reprieve saidadding that one of them was just 17 at the time of their arrest."Talk of reform and opening up to the world is a smokescreen to cover up these terrible human rights abuses that are being inflicted daily," said Reprieve director Maya Foa. "Responsible leaders in Europe, the United States and around the world need to use their close ties to the Saudi Royal family to demand an end to this unacceptable brutality."angering human rights organizations because many of those killed were convicted of non-lethal crimes. Reprieve said more than a third of those killed were convicted of non-violent drug offenses.The vast majority of executions are carried out by beheading, although some are killed by shooting.The kingdom applies the death penalty for a large number of crimes, including drug offenses, apostasy, sorcery and witchcraft. Both witchcraft and sorcery are not defined as crimes but have been used to prosecute people for exercising their right to freedom of speech or religion, according to human rights organizations.
Guillermo Del Toro's romantic fantasy film The Shape of Water led the Golden Globes race with seven nominations on the list that was announced on Monday. These include nominations for Best Motion Picture – Drama, Best Director and Best Actress – Drama for Sally Hawkins.
The Shape of Water is centred on the friendship between a speech-impaired Elisa (Hawkins) and an amphibious sea creature, played by Doug Jones.
The 75th Golden Globes awards ceremony will be held on January 7, with Seth Meyers as the host.
Play The Shape of Water.
Steven Spielberg's The Post and Martin McDonaugh's Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri bagged six nominations each, including for Best Picture in the drama category and Best Director. Other nominees for Best Motion Picture - Drama include Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk and Luca Guadagnino's indie romance Call Me by Your Name.
Actress Greta Garwig's directorial debut Lady Bird got four nominations, including Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy, where it contends with James Franco's The Disaster Artist, Jordan Peele's directorial debut Get Out, Michael Gracey's 's The Greatest Showman and Craig Gillespie's I, Tonya.
The much-talked about All the Money in the World, directed by Ridley Scott, received three nominations including a Best Supporting Actor nod for Christopher Plummer and Best Director for Scott. Following multiple allegations of sexual harassment against actor Kevin Spacey that emerged in October and November, Scott replaced the actor with Plummer than billionaire industrialist J Paul Getty in the thriller. Several sequences of the movie were then reshot in record time to meet its December release date.
Play All the Money in the World.
Competing for Best Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama are Daniel Day Lewis for Phantom Thread, Timothée Chalamet for Call Me by Your Name, Tom Hanks for The Post, Gary Oldman for Darkest Hour and Denzel Washington for Roman J Israel, Esq.
The nominations for Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama include Jessica Chastain for Molly's Game, Sally Hawkins for The Shape of Water, Frances McDormand for Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri, Meryl Streep for The Post and Michelle Williams for All the Money in the World.
In the Musical or Comedy category, the Best Actor nominations were received by Ansel Elgort for Baby Driver, Steve Carell for Battle of the Sexes, James Franco for The Disaster Artist, Hugh Jackman for The Greatest Showman and Daniel Kaluuya for Get Out. The Best Actress nominations in the Musical and Comedy category include Saoirse Ronan for Lady Bird, Judi Dench for Victoria & Abdul, Margot Robbie for I, Tonya, Emma Stone for Battle of the Sexes and Helen Mirren for The Leisure Seeker.
In the animated features section, the competitors are The Boss Baby, The Breadwinner, Coco, Ferdinand and Loving Vincent.
The nominations for the 75th #GoldenGlobes have been announced! You can find the full list at https://t.co/2UsWC42EOM! #globes75 — Golden Globe Awards (@goldenglobes) December 11, 2017
In the television world, HBO's Big Little Lies (initially planned as a miniseries that has now been renewed for a second season) led the pack in with six nominations, including acting nominations for Alexander Skarsgard, Reese Witherspoon, Nicole Kidman and Shailene Woodley. The all-star cast drama, created by David E Kelly, is an adaptation of Liane Moriarty's 2014 novel of the same name, is also competing in the Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture made for Television category alonside Fargo, Feud: Bette and Joan, The Sinner and Top of the Lake: China Girl.
Play Big Little Lies.
Among networks, HBO led the way with 12 nominations followed by Netflix, with nine nods.
Nominees for Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy include Black-ish, The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel, Aziz Ansari's Master of None, SMILF and Will & Grace.
Contenders for Best Television series - Drama include Netlix's The Crown and Stranger Things along with Game of Thrones, This Is Us and The Handmaid's Tale (based on Margaret Atwood's novel of the same name).
Tampa Bay Lightning defenseman Ryan McDonagh (27) sends New Jersey Devils left wing Taylor Hall (9) flying after Hall shot against goaltender Andrei Vasilevskiy (88) during the third period of Game 5 of an NHL first-round hockey playoff series Saturday, April 21, 2018, in Tampa, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
Tampa Bay Lightning defenseman Ryan McDonagh (27) sends New Jersey Devils left wing Taylor Hall (9) flying after Hall shot against goaltender Andrei Vasilevskiy (88) during the third period of Game 5 of an NHL first-round hockey playoff series Saturday, April 21, 2018, in Tampa, Fla. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara)
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) - It would be easy to say the New Jersey Devils are back after ending a six-year playoff drought.
John Hynes' team went from last in the Eastern Conference in 2016-17 to the postseason in less in the year, riding a career year by left wing Taylor Hall and outstanding first seasons by No. 1 overall draft pick Nico Hischier and Will Butcher. This was a team that made it tough on opponents almost every time it stepped on the ice.
The standings said it all. New Jersey went from 28 wins and 70 points to 44 wins and 97 points.
Still, it was only good enough to outlast the hard-charging Florida Panthers in the closing weeks of the regular season and get the No. 8 seed.
The Devils discovered that playoffs were another level. They were eliminated by Tampa Bay, the top seed in the Eastern Conference, in five games.
"Of course, we're disappointed," veteran center Travis Zajac said Tuesday as the Devils cleaned out their lockers. "But we accomplished a lot as a team. This is just the beginning. I like how we come together as a team. We faced a lot of adversity, but we survived. Because the league is so close and it's going to be that way again next year, we have to continue to get better."
The Devils have ridden a roller-coaster in Hynes' first three seasons as coach. They exceeded expectations in their first year, plummeted two years ago and then stunned the league in getting back to the playoffs.
"You have no idea of how good I feel about what we did this year," said captain Andy Greene, who like Zajac was with the Devils when they reached the Stanley Cup Final in 2012. "We were a lot better. The way we competed every game down the stretch. We were fighting for each other. We were picked last in the division and last in the conference. We took that to heart. It's all part of the process. You don't go from the bottom to the top unless you work hard."
Hall carried the Devils this season, scoring points in 26 straight games in which they played. They finished with 39 goals and 54 assists. Their 93 points were 41 more than the next closest player on the team, Hischier (20 goals, 32 assists).
"I knew they were a really good hockey player, but it was nothing like what I saw this year," said forward Marcus Johansson, who was limited to 29 games by concussions. "He was unbelievable day in and day out."
If Hall can match next season and young players like Hischier, Butcher, Myles Wood, Blake Coleman and Jesper Bratt improve and the work ethic remains the same, the Devils can easily make it back to the playoffs next season.
Here are some things to watch next season:
GOOD GOALTENDING: The Devils have two starters. Backup Keith Kinkaid had 16 wins in the final two months to secure the playoff berth. Cory Schneider, who lost the starting job after groin and hip injuries in January, was outstanding in the playoffs after taking over for Kinkaid in the second game.
FREE AGENCY: General manager Ray Shero has three big decisions with unrestricted free agents: forwards Patrick Maroon and Michael Grabner and defenseman John Moore. Maroon, who like Grabner was acquired in a deal near the trading deadline, played better and provided a net-front presence. Moore might be let go to create space for youngsters Mirco Mueller and Steven Santini.
Blake Coleman and Stefan Noesen, who were the wings on the checking line with Zajac, are restricted free agents along with Wood, who had 19 goals. Expect them back along with Santini, another restricted free agent.
HISCHIER: The 19-year-old can play. He's not in the same class as Connor McDavid or Austin Matthews. Still, they do all the little things and they will score more if they start hitting the net.
DEFENSE: For the second straight year the Devils gave up 244 goals. That's too many. Sami Vatanen, who was acquired from Anaheim, helped the defense and was Greene's partner on the top pair. The defense needs a star and Shero may go after the Capitals' John Carlson.
___
Associated Press freelancer Jim Hague contributed to this report.
___
More NHL hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
× The Glass Castle
I remember being surprised in 2013, when San Diego filmmaker Destin Daniel Cretton got so much attention for Short Term 12 with Brie Larson. It was an okay indie film, that was overly praised by everyone. Yet I was thrilled to see them team up again for this picture. Larson impressed me so much in Room (winning the Oscar and Critics' Choice award). I was looking forward to seeing how she'd tackle playing Jeannette Walls, who in 2005 gave us a memoir about their crazy family.
It's the late ‘80s, and Jeannette is working as a gossip columnist, and is engaged to a wealthy financial adviser (Max Greenfield). When they leave a fancy dinner with him, they see their parents (Woody Harrelson, Naomi Watts), digging through trash cans. This prompts various flashbacks we'll see of them growing up. It was a smart way to tell the story, because had we been shown all the horrific stuff involving their upbringing, it would've been a bit much. Yet it's also bizarre that with each horrible thing Rex (Harrelson) does, the filmmaker shows a moment to try to make us smile or think that what they did is not so bad. That never quite works. When you spent much of the 2 ½ hour movie hoping that Rex dies in a horrific accident, or that child protective services shows up, you don't get to just wrap a bow on it all at the end to make us feel better. Even if the four kids did turn out to be seemingly well-adjusted adults. What they had to go through was such disgusting child abuse. I'd be tempted to say that I don't know how anybody would find sitting through this entertaining, but…every single performance is so good that it almost makes that herculean task possible.
You also realize just how much is sugar-coated. Rose Mary (Watts) seems a bit too normal to be dealing with a delusional, abusive, alcoholic loser. In real life, they had some mental illness that isn't addressed in the film.
The kids, Josh Carus, Sarah Snook, Brigette Lundy-Paine, and the incredible Ella Anderson as a young Jeanette, are so terrific acting, and their characters at handling all this crap…it makes you think of last year's Captain Fantastic. Although we may have disliked Viggo Mortensen's parental style, at least they were smart, and seemed to have a moral method behind their madness. Rex is fine with letting their kids, after a few days without food, eat butter and sugar in the fridge while they take their money and goes drinking with it.
There are also so many things that just don't make sense. For example, why is Jeannette even bringing their fiance to meet their wacky parents? And why is anybody surprised when that goes south?
Harrelson is strong in the performance, despite it being a bit one-note. It also hurts that they played a similar character in Wilson from earlier this year.
It's also so insulting that we watch an entire movie of such horrible behavior from Rex, and because the kids have a few good memories (remember when they didn't buy us Christmas presents but let us pick out stars in the sky for gifts?), we're supposed to forget about the time they left the kids with a known child molester. Oh wait, they howled with their daughters while being surrounded by Joshua Trees. Those were awesome times by that campfire. Yeah, yeah, I know. I got 3rd degree burns all over my stomach when I caught on fire trying to cook food as a toddler, but…
Please, don't insult us by trying to make us feel any sympathy for them in a conventional Hollywood ending.
At least in Being Flynn, we realized early on that Robert De Niro's character was a nutjob, and Paul Dano's was a talented, but confused, writer. The father was flawed, but most of that just involved them BSing everyone. Not putting lives at risk. And when they were homeless, they aren't dragging their kids through the streets with him.
At the end, when we see videos and stills of the real family, you wonder….why are we glorifying a family of dolts? The closing credits should've shown the family members on the couch of a psychiatrist.
The film is uneven, and it's predictable storytelling, with a Hollywood sheen to help the material (co-written by Cretton), go down smoothly.
It also needed 45 minutes shaved off the running time.
It also made The Family Fang (Nicole Kidman, Jason Bateman, Christopher Walken) look like Citizen Kane.
This gets 2 stars out of 5. Let's hope Cretton's third time's a charm.
MARIAH Carey has a reputation as one of the biggest divas in showbiz.
And true to form, they had an epic meltdown in front of millions after botching their headline performance at America's biggest New Year's party.
Carey lost the plot after their attempts to lip-sync completely fell apart, crying: “I'm trying to be a good sport here.”
It's believed the wrong song was played and Carey couldn't hear what they should have been singing on stage.
With a face of thunder, they stropped around the stage saying: “‘We didn't have a check for this song… we're missing some of the vocals, but it is what it is.
“I'm just going to let the audience sing.”
“We didn't have a sound check for this New Year's baby, it is what it is.”
“Get these monitors on please.”
During a second song, they frequently gave the mic to audience members in the front row ,before saying to one of their backing dancers: “Just for laughs, do the lift.”
Carey added: “I wanted a holiday too, can't I just have one.”
As many as 2 million people, surrounded by a ring of 40-ton sand trucks and some 7,000 police, gathered in the “Crossroads of the World” to watch the glittering sphere complete its minute-long drop, marking the beginning of 2017.
With the throng counting down the seconds, the crystal-paned ball slid with smooth precision down its pole, mounted on a tower at the head of the plaza. At the stroke of midnight, it touched home, illuminating a giant “2017” sign and sending a shower of fireworks into the sky.
The sights and sounds were experienced by a veritable sea of humanity, sectioned off in block after block of temporary corrals set up to better control the crowd.
Millions of others around the world watched the spectacle on television and the internet.
Despite the heavy police presence, or perhaps because of it, thousands of people, many from overseas, arrived early to be dazzled by the flashing signage and entertained by live musical performances by Carey as well as Thomas Rhett and Gloria Estefan.
@NATIONAL ACCORD/ www.mirror.co.uk
On New Year's Day on Sunday, Akshay Kumar shared with their fans their line-up of films for the calendar year, asking them for love and luck.
They tweeted, “Busy summing up the year gone by? It's time to not look back, but look ahead. Here's what my 2017 looks like. Your thoughts, love and luck needed.”
The actor then went on to share the names of the films along with their photographs.
The first one is their upcoming courtroom comedy drama film Jolly LLB 2. Directed by Subhash Kapoor, the film also features Huma Qureshi and Annu Kapoor.
In the trailer, Akshay looks promising as a lawyer while they tackle the corrupt with some comical elements.
Toilet – Ek Prem Katha is the second. Directed by Shree Narayan Singh, it also stars Bhumi Pednekar and Anupam Kher, and is slated to release on June 2.
Then Akshay will be seen in Tamil science-fiction action thriller 2.o along with superstar Rajinikanth.
In the film, which is being directed by Shankar, Rajinikanth plays a scientist, and they will also be seen as Chitti robot. Akshay plays the prime antagonist in the film, which will hit the screens worldwide during Diwali 2017.
The fourth project that Akshay has in their kitty for 2017 is Pad Man. It is said to be a biopic on Arunachalam Muruganantham, and will chronicle their journey of finding a way to make cheap, affordable sanitary napkins for women in their village.
The first big cold front of the season has brought joy and disappointment to farmers, with falls of between 173mm and 1mm across the State.
The rain started last Thursday evening, with a cold front moving towards the WA coast. By 7pm, the front had reached Mingenew, Moora, Dwellingup and Busselton, among other locations.
It then moved south, providing much-needed rainfall at areas between Coorow, Mogumber, Northam and Harvey, before slowly moving further inland on Friday and Saturday.
Coastal areas near Geraldton and the South West fared well, with high rainfall rollers including Badgingarra (57mm), Mingenew (49mm), Watheroo (42mm) and Moora (42mm).
Totals were light in the north-eastern grain belt, near Esperance and Albany.
Less than 10mm was recorded in Narembeen, Stirlings South, Ravensthorpe, Cascade and Hyden, and 5mm or less at Bonnie Rock and Pingaring.
Camera Icon William Gardiner, 4, and Benjamin Gardiner, 6, enjoyed playing in puddles after between 24mm and 36mm fell at their family farm, 12km north-east of Moora. Picture: Cally Dupe
Farmers are now pinning their hopes on a cold front expected to hit the WA coast on Thursday.
Bureau of Meteorology duty forecaster Glenn Cook said the front would bring top-up rains to growers along the west coast.
“The heaviest rain will be around the west coast, from Geraldton to Walpole, but these falls are likely to be less than 10mm,” they said.
“It will get inland some way, but generally the falls will be less than 5mm. Esperance and some eastern areas are likely to see little or no rain.”
Wheatbelt
Wind gusts of up to 125km/h blew away top soil at dozens of farms across the grain belt on Thursday and Friday, before rain was able to weigh soil down.
Showers reached inland to areas still recovering from a dry spell last year, including north-eastern locations Kalannie (16mm), Beacon (16mm) and Mukinbudin (11mm).
Twin brothers and business partners Daniel Gardiner and Julian Gardiner tipped between 30mm and 46mm out of “four or five” different rain gauges at Moora.
The twins have planted their biggest ever grain crop this year, after taking on an additional 1618ha of land this year.
With 70 per cent of the program dry sown, a further 610ha will be joyfully put in this week. The program includes an almost even split of barley, wheat and canola.
“The rain started about 8pm on Thursday, then it stopped and we thought ‘Oh no',” Julien said.
“But it started again ... we are very happy.”
Jim Hamilton was “madly” trying to seed a heavy clay paddock when the rain started to fall on Thursday night.
The Moora farmer had dry sown two-thirds of their 3000ha cropping program with wife Davina and was holding off on the last 1000ha.
“We should get a germination now,” Mr Hamilton said.
“We have dry sown two- thirds of our program but wanted a germination on a couple of paddocks before we finished.
Mid West
The highest totals outside the South West were recorded in a golden strip from Chapman Valley to Watheroo, taking in Eneabba, Three Springs, Mullewa and Allanooka.
North-east of Geraldton, Yuna recorded 22mm, while Canna in the east recorded 18mm
Northampton farmer Greg Teakle said they had been worried about the afternoon dust storms but pleased with the rain and happy they had already started dry seeding.
“We've got 40 per cent of our crop in the ground dry already; time will tell whether we did the right thing or not,” they said.
Mr Teakle said their family measured 15mm at one farm and 18mm at the other on Friday morning.
John and Freda Blakeway reported 27mm on their Chapman Valley property.
Carnamah grain and sheep farmer Brendon Haeusler had 25mm that night.
“I only started dry seeding 10 days ago because there wasn't a lot on the horizon,” they said.
“If it wasn't going to rain I wasn't going to put crop in, but the possibility of rain made me change my mind.”
Great Southern
A severe weather warning was put in place for people across the South West, Great Southern and Central Wheatbelt on Thursday, with a second storm front crossing the coast on Friday.
Rain finally came to the aid of firefighters on Saturday as they fought bushfires near Albany, but falls were limited from 6mm to 20mm recorded in the Albany Port Zone.
An emergency fire warning for Redmond, Marbelup and Elleker, in the City of Albany, was downgraded on early Saturday morning after rain helped suppress the bushfires.
The highest totals were recorded at Denmark (20mm) and Katanning (22mm) while showers were light at Newdegate (9mm), Stirlings North (7mm) and Wellstead (6mm).
South West
Coastal parts of the South West were hit with downpours on Thursday night as wild weather continued into the morning, packing gusts of up to 125km/h. Bunbury received more than 50 per cent of this month's rainfall on Friday, with 58mm of rain recorded in a 24-hour period, just 10mm short of its highest daily May rainfall on record.
The highest rainfall totals for this cold front were recorded at Pemberton (113m), Scott River (118mm) and Rosa Brook (139mm).
Goldfields Esperance
It started out as a disappointing weekend for farmers near Esperance, with limited rainfall on Thursday and Friday, and winds of more than 90km/h.
A second, weaker cold front produced showers on Sunday and Monday, with totals in the Esperance Port Zone ranging from 5-21mm.
The rainfall came two weeks after severe winds caused damage to emerging canola crops.
THE LIMITED SERIES "Sharp Objects" WHEN | WHERE Premieres Sunday at 9 p.m. on HBO
WHAT IT'S ABOUT St. Louis newspaper reporter Camille Preaker (Amy Adams) returns to their hometown of Wind Gap, Missouri, to cover the story of two missing teen girls. After they reluctantly move back in with their mother (Patricia Clarkson), stepfather (Henry Czerny), and teenage half-sister (Eliza Scanlen), the ghosts of their past start to crowd them Those include the searing memory of their younger sister (Lulu Wilson), who died under mysterious circumstances years earlier, and Camille's stay at a psych ward, after ritually cutting herself. The town has some local "color," including Sheriff Vickery (Matt Craven) who butts heads with Kansas City Det. Richard Willis (Northport native Chris Messina), who's also in Wind Gap to investigate the killings.
This eight-parter is based on Gillian Flynn's ("Gone Girl") 2006 bestseller; the first seven episodes were made available for review.
MY SAY "We don't have a lot of happy stories" in Wind Gap, Camille says to Det. Willis in a later episode. Had they Camille's apparent gift for understatement, Willis might have added, "And you don't have a lot of interesting stories either ..."
Wind Gap would be a one-horse town except that no self-respecting horse would be caught dead there. Clouds lazily drift overhead which mimic — or mock — the inaction below. Heat rises from empty sidewalks and silent streets. Vacant storefronts bear witness to the indolence. They're bored, too. Wind Gap has hollowed out and there's no one around to fill the void. (Parts of "Sharp Objects" were shot in and around Barnesville, Georgia, which may — or may not — relish this close-up.)
In this sense, "Sharp Objects" could almost pass as "True Detective 3:" A detective and reporter hunt down clues of a brutal double murder while a sinister, exotic locale trapped by its past is the setting. That a five-time Oscar nominee plays one of the leads is almost incidental. Atmospherics are what count here, atmospherics are what build mood, tone, color, feel, rhythm and pace. A star director (Jean-Marc Vallée, "Big Little Lies") and showrunner (Marti Noxon, "unREAL") want this foreground to match a morbid backdrop of dark secrets, carnal desires and psychological torment.
They succeed — although maybe just a little too well. Other than the discovery of a murder victim and a major reveal in the closing seconds of the seventh episode, almost nothing happens in "Sharp Objects." That's not an exaggeration, and to put some numbers to this stasis, over 385 minutes of program time the plot of "Sharp Objects" unfolds almost imperceptibly.
The narrative creep notwithstanding, there are pleasures in "Objects." Adams' performance is one of them. Camille is a puzzle, to themselves and to others, and that's by design. Them mother is a world-class gaslighter who has turned their daughter into a self-abusing, self-loathing alcoholic. Camille left Wind Gap, but Wind Gap never really left them Them torment is palpable.
But as a big-city newspaper reporter, she's hopeless — and that may not be entirely by design. "Sharp Objects" is the latest in a long line of Hollywood productions to get the job of print journalist laughably wrong. They never interviews anyone or takes notes. They file only one story. In the real world, the possible serial murder of two young white girls would bring anchors of the major commercial networks in force, while the cable networks would set up Wind Gap bureaus. Poor Camille — inexplicably the only reporter in town — can't even figure out them lede.
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
That's possibly part of the overall design. Like those phantom stories, she's stuck in the past and present. Who can think on deadline when Mommy Dearest tells their stuff like, "You were always emotionally cold. I hope this helps you!"
Nevertheless, you may wonder why Camille ever wanted to become a reporter in the first place. There's a big story in Wind Gap and a Pulitzer awaiting them — if they bothered picking up a phone once in a while.
BOTTOM LINE Adams is good, "Sharp Objects" is deadly slow.
Fans slowly packed into the Gothic Theatre for DVSN's sold-out show. The diverse crowd buzzed in excitement — this was DVSN's first headlining performance in Denver. Besides great r&b music, the charm behind DVSN's brand is their mystique — the crowd's anticipation amplified due to this.
With no musical artist listed as opening support, fans were bewildered when DJ. Five 8 took the stage around 9 p.m. Some initially suspected that they were one half of the DVSN duo. Despite their smooth transitions and playing popular hits like “Finesse Remix” by Bruno Mars ft. Cardi B, DJ Five 8 struggled to keep the crowd's energy high throughout their hour-long set. The audience was anxious to see the headliner and patience wore thin with every mention of DVSN from the DJ. With a supporting set from a local artist or even a shorter set from the DJ, the crowd's energy levels could've been sustained.
Around 10 p.m. DJ Five 8 announced their departure and managed to pump up the crowd right before DVSN's entrance — however, a snag in production caused a 30 minute lag between sets. The crowd grew weary as attendees awaited the main act during an awkward transition in the show. Everyone's attention, however, would soon be held captive as the stage filled with smoke and a mysterious tall figure appeared through it.
The crowd's energy hit an insane level when Daniel Daley — half of the DVSN duo, emerged from the smoke to kick off the night with the fan favorite “With Me.” Delivering a great deal of artistry, Daley hit the crowd with more than high notes — they also had cinematic visuals to accompany each song playing on a jumbo screen behind him. Women and men alike screamed and sung along as Daley performed the nearly three-year-old song “Too Deep” and “Claim” — a newer song off of the group's latest album Morning After, to which their tour is named.
Daley sang covers of “You Got It Bad” and other popular hits but stopped the show to introduce us to their backup singers — they briefly gave one of the talented ladies a chance to win over the crowd.
Daley stepped off to the side of the stage as Shantel May boldly sung a cover of Beyonce's “1+1,” the crowd, immediately infatuated by the beautiful songstress didn't mind the quick interlude. Before May rejoined their fellow backup squad, Daley insisted they perform an original track. “Do one of your shit,” they pleaded. May's aura captivated the audience as they sang along with them Men in the crowd extended their arms in hopes to exchange energy with the budding artist.
Daley rejoined the women on stage, lovers embraced one another as they took the tempo down a notch to close out the show. Fans buzzed outside of the theater after the show about the performance. Although the night started off with a club vibe, Daley was able to deliver an intimate show and an undiscovered gem to Denver. It's safe to say, the next time DVSN returns to Denver they'll be performing at a bigger stage.
All photography courtesy of DVSN on Facebook
A beautician belonging to the federal capital of Islamabad on Friday filed a complaint with police stating that they were allegedly raped by a taxi driver in a forest area outside Rawalpindi.
According to details, the medical examination of the 25-year-old woman confirmed sexual abuse.
The police report said that the woman worked in a Chinese beauty parlour in Islamabad and was traveling back home around 8 pm on January 31 when the driver raped them in the forest area. The cab driver instead of taking their home in Islamabad's G-11 sector, kept driving the car for many hours before stopping the car in a deserted area where they raped the victim.
An FIR was filed on the victim's complaint under Section 376 of the Pakistan Penal Code (PPC) at Rawat police station. Police said that they were conducting raids to arrest the culprits at the earliest.
Heavy downpours have caused flooding in northeastern and western Iran, killing 11 people and leaving two others missing.Torrential rains have been battering the Iranian provinces of Khorasan Razavi, Golestan, North Khorasan, and Semnan in the country's general northeastern area, and Ilam Province in its west over the past days, causing rivers to overflow their banks.Morteza Salimi, the head of Relief and Rescue Operations at Iran's Red Crescent Society, said the flooding had claimed eight people in Khorasan Razavi, two in Golestan, and another in North Khorasan.Two people have gone missing in Golestan's Aliabad County, they said.In Khorasan Razavi, which has suffered the brunt of the human losses, flooding has hit the cities of Dargaz, Quchan, Nishapur, and Kalat. Mojtaba Ahmadi, the director of the Red Crescent Society in the province, said 190 rescue workers had been dispatched to the affected areas there, alongside ambulances and aid shipments.As many as 450 people have, meanwhile, been accommodated in temporary shelters, Ahmadi added.Mahdi Rezayi, who is the deputy of operations at the Fire Department in Mashhad, the capital of Khorasan Razavi Province, said 40 travelers stranded on roadways had also been safely evacuated in a village in Kalat.North Khorasan's Shirvan County was the worst hit by the flooding, said Samad Izanlu, a deputy at the local governor's office. Up to four villages sustained substantial infrastructural damages there and were cut off from nearby areas by floodwaters, they added.Back in April, heavy rains caused flooding and landslides in four provinces in Iran's northwest, killing a total of 48 people.
New Delhi: After being thrashed by India in their opening match of ICC Champions Trophy, Pakistani cricket team have won massive praise for their fightback in the coveted tournament.
While nobody expected them to show teeth in the tournament, Pakistan have forced the critics to take their words back with a stunning show in their last three games.
Post the humiliating defeat against India, Pakistan defeated World No. 1 team, South Africa, by 19 runs via the Duckworth-Lewis method. If that wasn't enough, Pakistan defeated Sri Lanka in their third league match to advance into semis.
While Pakistan proved a point with those two wins, their most memorable win came against hosts England in the first semi-final, where they held on to their nerves in the high-pressure match to become the first team to reach the final.
It has been an incredible story and the cricket fraternity was full of praise for Pakistan.
Here are some of the reactions:
Wasim Akram‏: Nailed it team green what a http://win.One more to go give it your best shoot .We all are behind you all the way.What a feeling.
Nailed it team green what a https://t.co/ndEoXtYGvK more to go give it your best shoot .We all are behind you all the way.What a feeling. — Wasim Akram (@wasimakramlive) June 14, 2017
Shahid Afridi‏: You make us proud team Pakistan! What a stunning comeback after first loss, silencing/shocking critics. Such a joy. Pakistan Zindabad
You make us proud team Pakistan! What a stunning comeback after first loss, silencing/shocking critics. Such a joy. Pakistan Zindabad — Shahid Afridi (@SAfridiOfficial) June 14, 2017
Inzamam ul Haq‏: This is what I envisioned for Pakistan, a team that can take up any challenge and fightback like they mean it. Congrats Pak! #ENGvPAK #CT17
This is what I envisioned for Pakistan, a team that can take up any challenge and fightback like they mean it. Congrats Pak! #ENGvPAK #CT17 — Inzamam ul Haq (@InziTheLegend) June 14, 2017
Misbah Ul Haq‏: So happy to see a young captain making excellent decisions and a young team executing those plans perfectly.Very well done @SarfarazA_54
So happy to see a young captain making excellent decisions and a young team executing those plans perfectly.Very well done @SarfarazA_54 — Misbah Ul Haq (@captainmisbahpk) June 14, 2017
Ramiz Raja: Sarfraz has carved a grt win & managed a turn around on the strength of young apprentices:Hassan Fakhar Shadab Babar Raees- A Pak special!
Sarfraz has carved a grt win & managed a turn around on the strength of young apprentices:Hassan Fakhar Shadab Babar Raees- A Pak special! — Ramiz Raja (@iramizraja) June 14, 2017
Brendon McCullum: Great day for our @lahoreqalandars boys @AzharAli_ and the man with the best name in world cricket Fakhar Zaman! Pakistan impressive today.
Great day for our @lahoreqalandars boys @AzharAli_ and the man with the best name in world cricket Fakhar Zaman! Pakistan impressive today. — Brendon McCullum (@Bazmccullum) June 14, 2017
Kumar Sangakkara: Great win by @TheRealPCB. To come back from the first game against india and now make a final by beating england shows great character.
Great win by @TheRealPCB. To come back from the first game against india and now make a final by beating england shows great character. — Kumar Sangakkara (@KumarSanga2) June 14, 2017
Pakistan will now take on the winner of today's match - the second semi-final to be played between India and Bangladesh.
Council appears to be split over whether to keep or get rid of the heritage designation on a historical landmark that has seen better days and needs repairs.
They will vote on whether to keep the heritage designation on the downtown Kenricia Hotel or not at the Tuesday, Aug. 22 council meeting. According to the report to council from the Aug. 8 committee of the whole meeting, the property owners were issued a Property Standards Order in March of this year to undergo repairs in order to comply with the city's property standards bylaw.
In response to the order, owner Fadel Chidiac asked Heritage Kenora to repeal the designation so they can complete the repairs by September.
Heritage chair Tim Davidson said after discussing the request, the committee recommended that council keep the designation as is.
“They had a whole list of things they want to take care of, but it's not any part of the heritage designation,” said Davidson in a phone interview. “Our feeling was that it wasn't a valid complaint or request, especially since they asked for it in the first place.”
Only certain features of the Kenricia were designated as heritage features in 2007, such as its Second Empire mansard roof and Tuscan tower, as well as its representation of the turn-of-the-century tourism industry and its “visual prominence”, the committee of the whole report said.
The Kenricia was also closed due to fire damage in 2007 and reopened in 2012. In a Miner and News article about the reopening, Adel Chidiac, Fadel's brother and business partner, said the hotel would feature “first-class accommodation.”
Five years later, the hotel is again in disrepair and discussion around whether its heritage designation should stay or go was ambivalent. Kenora mayor Dave Canfield said it looked close as to where the vote would go. Coun. Louis Roussin said they thought the designation was a hindrance to the city and Coun. Sharon Smith commented on the expensive upkeep.
“We do not want that building,” they said.
Coun. Dan Reynard asked for more information on how the designation affects what the owners can or can't do, and whether they can access funding. The Heritage Kenora Committee also recommended that the owners apply for funding from the Harbourtown Community Improvement Plan.
Fadel Chidiac could not be reached for comment, and attempts to phone the hotel were unsuccessful. The hotel website was also unavailable.
KCharlebois@postmedia.com
Mumbai: The market cracked the impressive eight-week record setting-run, thanks to the much awaited Union Budget, the Sensex were severely beaten to tumble 983.69 points to finish at 35,066.75 and the broder Nifty slid well below the key 11,000-mark at 10,760.60.
The key indices resumed the record-setting cycle on Monday following the upbeat economic survey tabled in Parliament ahead of the budget reiterating India would be the world's fastest growing economy with GDP estimates of 7-7.5 percent 2018-19, giving fresh impetus to investor sentiment.
It was shortlived, as the anxiety ahead of Union- Budget and subsequent tabling brought-out big disappointment as far as investors is concerned, while it was nothing short of blood-bath in Dalal-street as Bears gained upper-hand.
Investor expectation of good balance between fiscal discipline amid growth withered on Budget proposals tabled in the Parliament by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
The budget proposals of 10 percent long term capital gains tax on equities and overshooting of fiscal deficit target quashed investor optimism.
The volatility in rupee and bonds over fiscal slippage along with primary concern over further rise in inflation amid RBI taking more hawkish tone in upcoming monetary policy meet led to the market turmoil.
The Sensex started the week higher at 36,106.36 and hovered between all-time record high of 36,443.98 before budget and subsequent tumble after the budget at 35,006.41, it closed the week at 35,066.75, showing a slump of 983.69 or 2.73 percent.
(The Sensex garnered 3,578.59 points or 10.90 percent during past eight week sessions).
The Nifty also resumed the week up at 11,079.35 and marked all-time high of 11,171.55 and later to a low of 10,736.10 before ending the week at 10,760.60, showing a fall of 309.05 points, or 2.79 percent.
All the sectoral indices got severely punished led by Realty, Consumer Durables, HealthCare, PSUs, Power, Metals, Banks, Oil&Gas, Capital Goods, FMCG, IPOs, Teck, Auto and IT sectors.
The broader midcap and small cap shares also took heavy a hammering.
Meanwhile, foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) and foreign institutional investors (FIIs) bought shares worth Rs 2,526.97 crore during the week, as per Sebi's record including the provisional figure of February 02, 2018.
The S&P BSE Mid-Cap index dropped 1266.49 points or 7.10 percent to settle at 16,574.70. The S&P BSE Small-Cap index dropped 1494.65 points or 7.73 percent to settle at 17,847.53. Both these indices underperformed the Sensex.
Among sectoral and industry indices, realty fell by 8.53 percent followed by consumer durables 7.10 percent, healthcare 6.40 percent, PSU 5.25 percent, power 5.04 percent, metal 4.28 percent, bankex 3.77 percent, oil&gas 3.53 percent, capital goods 3.37 percent, FMCG 2.30 percent, IPO 2.16 percent, teck 2.01 percent, auto 1.78 percent and IT 1.53 percent.
Among the 31-share Sensex pack, 24 stocks fell and remaining 7 stocks rose during the week.
Dr Reddy was the top sensex loser last week. The stock fell by 15.25 percent,
Tata Steel lost 12.91 percent. The company announced at the fag end of the trading session on 2 February 2018, that it concluded the acquisition of 74 percent stake in Bhubaneshwar Power (BPPL) from JL Power Ventures for Rs 255 crore.
It was followed by Axis Bank 7.95 percent, Bharti Artl 7.69 percent, ONGC 7.59 percent, ICICI Bank 6.56 percent, Tata Motors DVR 6.16 percent, Reliance 6.10 percent, SBI 5.19 percent and Sun Pharma 5.09 percent.
However, Auto major Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) rose 1.73 percent. The company said its total auto sales rose 32 percent to 52,048 units in January 2018 over January 2017. Domestic sales rose 33 percent to 49,432 units while exports rose 15 percent to 2,616 units in January 2018 over January 2017.
Hero MotoCorp rose 1.51 percent. The company announced during trading session on 2 February 2018, that its total sales rose 31 percent to 6.41 lakh units in January 2018 over January 2017.
It was followed by Indus Ind Bank 1.33 percent, TCS 1.00 percent and HUL 0.20 percent.
The total turnover during the week on BSE rose to Rs 28,417.75 crs as against last weekend's level of Rs 22,625.37 crores and NSE moved up to 1,96,972.94 crores compared to Rs 1,66,288.96 crores previously.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillow case-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here's how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location, and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view — at one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emoji's on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny-route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with "Disruption of Congress," according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with "crowding, obstructing or incommoding."
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That's allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it they were also allowed to wear throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
© Jonathan Ernst / Reuters
President Donald Trump has promised that US drug prices will fall substantially in the near future. Drug companies could also face lawsuits as part the devastating opioid crisis in America, they warned.Trump made the remarks at an event in Manchester, New Hampshire, where they outlined a broad range of proposals to tackle opioid abuse. The state has some of the highest levels of opioid addiction, which mainly affects rural communities.One of the core policy objectives of the Trump administration has been reducing the price of prescription drugs in the US, which remain higher than in most other developed countries. "We pay as a country so much more for drugs because of the drug lobbies and other reasons, and the complexity of distribution which is basically another term for saying, 'how do we get more money,"' Trump said at the event.He stated that they were working with Congress to provide, adding that the US would "engage with China and expand cooperation with Mexico to reduce supplies of heroin, other illicit opioids, and precursor chemicals."On Monday, Trump also reiterated their aim to introduce the death penalty for drug dealers with the backing of Attorney General Jeff Sessions. On Sunday, the White House announced that the Justice Department would seek the death penalty against drug traffickers. "The Department of Justice will seek the death penalty against drug traffickers when it's appropriate under current law," Domestic Policy Council Director Andrew Bremberg told reporters at a briefing on Sunday.In October 2017, Trump called the opioid epidemic "the worst drug crisis in America," and declared it a nationwide public health emergency, although they did not set aside funding for it. On Monday, they pledged to cut the number of opioid prescriptions by one-third in upcoming years.
One star of The Goldbergs just got their first taste of Philly.
Hayley Orrantia, who plays Erica Goldberg on the ABC comedy, stopped by Lee's Hoagie House in Abington on Tuesday. Owner Jon Waxman served the actor a cheesesteak as part of a sampler platter, which also included cheese fries and a hoagie.
Orrantia, 24, is currently in town for a concert on Thursday at the Queen in Wilmington. Prior to acting, Orrantia got their start in entertainment as a country music singer, and returned to that career path last year with the release of their single, “Strong Sweet and Southern.”
An Arlington, Texas native, Orrantia broke into acting in 2011 with a role in a Sprint commercial. They later appeared as a contestant on The X Factor before joining the cast of The Goldbergs in 2013.
The show itself focuses on director Adam F. Goldberg's time growing up in Jenkintown. Orrantia plays the role of Erica, Goldberg's older sister.
“I actually have run into quite a few people who have said they are from Jenkintown, and we just immediately have a different kind of connection than [with] just people who say they're fans of the show,” Orrantia told the Inquirer in an interview last week. “A lot of the times they know the real people who are characters on our show. It's hilarious.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Five-year-old Charlie Holt was killed after they became caught in a rotating wall at a restaurant in Atlanta, Georgia, on Friday, the Fulton County Medical Examiner confirms.
On Saturday afternoon, the Holt family released a statement to the media.
“The family asks for prayers and privacy right now to come to terms with this tragedy,” the statement reads. “No words can express their loss. If you have a loved one, please give them an extra hug today.”
At 3:26 p.m. on Friday, the Atlanta Police responded to a call about an injured child at the Sun Dial restaurant located on the 72nd floor of the Westin Hotel.
“The floor of the restaurant rotates clockwise to offer views of the city. The family was seated at a window table. At some point the child [a 5 year old boy] wandered away from the table,” the police confirmed in a written statement to PEOPLE. “Somehow, the child became lodged between the wall and a table as the dining area rotated. The rotating floor automatically shut off. The Westin's security staff and employees were able to dislodge the child. However, the child sustained critical injuries and later died at the hospital.”
The young boy was taken to Grady Memorial Hospital, where they died from their injuries that afternoon. According to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Charlie and their parents were visiting from Charlotte, North Carolina.
The restaurant is expected to remain closed until further notice, a spokesperson told the outlet.
Srinagar: Authorities on Monday imposed restrictions in parts of Srinagar to maintain law and order in the wake of killing of two civilians in security forces' action on stone-pelting protestors.
Restrictions have been imposed in five police station areas of the city here, a police official said.
They said the curbs have been enforced in the police station areas of Nowhatta, Rainawari, Khanyar, M R Gunj and Safakadal.
The official said the restrictions were imposed as a precautionary measure to maintain law and order in the wake of killing of two civilians in south Kashmir yesterday.
Two youth Owais Shafi and Mohammad Sayeed Bhat were killed in security forces' action on mobs of stone-pelting youth in Pulwama and Shopian districts respectively.
22-year-old Shafi sustained multiple pellet injuries at Kakapora in Pulwama and was referred to SMHS here for treatment, where they were declared 'dead on arrival' by the doctors yesterday.
Bhat (25) received bullet injury near the encounter site at Avneera in Shopian and was taken to a hospital where they succumbed late last night.
Three militants were killed in the encounter with security forces.
Educational institutions, including schools, colleges and universities, have been closed for the day in the Valley in view of the prevailing situation.
The Kashmir University and the Islamic University of Sciences and Technology have also postponed the examinations scheduled for Monday, while the class work has been suspended.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A vehicle has hit a railway bridge causing cancellations on train services on Cambridge and Ely trains.
Services running from Ely and Cambridge to Norwich have been affected after debris from the crash landed on the railway line .
The debris is on the line at Attleborough, near Eccles Road station in Norfolk, and has caused 'significant damage' according to East Midlands Trains.
Trains running between Cambridge and Norwich via Ely are expected to be cancelled or delayed by up to an hour until the end of service today (December 12).
Live: Traffic and travel updates for Cambridgeshire after ice warnings overnight
There are no reports of injuries after the vehicle hit the railway.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app.
It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
New Delhi: More than 9.3 crore Permanent Account Numbers (PAN) have been linked with Aadhaar, a senior Income Tax Department officer said.
Of the total PAN-Aadhaar seeding, which is nearly 30 percent of the total about 30 crore PAN holders, about three crore linkages were done in June and July.
"By August 5, which was the last date for filing Income Tax Returns (ITRs), over 9.3 PAN-Aadhaar linkages have been registered by the I-T department," they said.
According to the officer, the tally is expected to grow as the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), the policy-making body of the department, has already extended the last date for linking the two unique numbers till August 31.
The government had made the PAN-Aadhaar linking mandatory for filing ITR and obtaining a new Permanent Account Number (PAN) from July 1.
The CBDT has said that for the purpose of e-filing of returns (by August 5), it would be sufficient to quote Aadhaar or acknowledgement number of having applied for Aadhaar, on the e-filing website of the department.
"The actual linking of PAN with Aadhaar can be done subsequently, but any time before August 31, 2017," the CBDT had said.
It had also cautioned taxpayers that ITRs would not be processed "until the linkage of Aadhaar with PAN is done".
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had recently informed?the Lok Sabha that the government has not fixed any time frame to complete the linking of Aadhaar with PAN.
E-filing of ITR is mandatory for all individuals, except those earning less than Rs 5 lakh per annum and those who are above 80 years of age.
The Supreme Court had in June upheld the validity of an Income Tax Act provision making Aadhaar mandatory for allotment of PAN cards and ITR filing, but had put a partial stay on its implementation till a Constitution bench addressed the issue of right to privacy.
The CBDT had on June 10 said that the apex court's order had only given a "partial relief" to those who did not have an Aadhaar or an Aadhaar enrolment ID, and the taxman, hence, "will not cancel" the PAN of such individuals.
While Aadhaar is issued by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) to a resident of India, PAN is a 10-digit alphanumeric number alloted by the I-T department to a person, firm or entity.
There are about 30 crore PAN numbers allotted, while Aadhaar has been alloted to about 115 crore people.
Hilary Duff's ex-husband Mike Comrie is reportedly under police investigation over a rape allegation.
The retired ice hockey star, who used to play in the National Hockey League (NHL), has been accused of raping a woman at their Los Angeles home on Saturday night, according to TMZ.com.
An unnamed woman has claimed they met them in a bar that night and they went back to their place and they raped them “multiple times”. They reportedly went to the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center soon afterwards and had a rape kit administered.
Sources connected to the 36-year-old former athlete claim the woman, who Mike has allegedly known for a long time, had given them full consent to sex. They also allege there was another woman present during their sexual encounter and they have not filed a complaint.
Officers with the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) are investigating the allegation but have not yet spoken to Mike, according to the site.
Mike began dating 29-year-old actor/singer Hilary Duff in 2007, they tied the knot in 2010 and have a four-year-old son named Luca. Hilary filed for divorce in February, 2015, citing irreconcilable differences and requesting primary custody of their son, and it was finalized in February, 2016.
They have remained friends ever since and have regularly been spotted together with their son. They spoke to The Love Bomb podcast in November about how they handled the split.
“I think that I was in a very successful marriage for a long time,” they said. “We got together based on love and we separated in a very loving way. I can't imagine going through that process with anyone but him, and they continue to be my very good friend.
“I think we handled it very consciously and with a lot of love. But marriage is sacred and marriage is not for everyone. Marriage is work. Marriage is really hard.”
They have since dated trainer Jason Walsh, and in January, they made their red carpet debut with new man, musician Matthew Koma.
Sonos has announced via a blog post that it is updating its privacy statement to include details of how the company handles voice data, implying that its long-promised Alexa support is on the way very soon.
The content of the privacy statement will be familiar to anyone who's been keeping up with Amazon's voice assistant. Sonos assures its users that it does not store the voice data (it goes straight to Amazon's servers), and that any data shared will be authorised by the user.
Sonos support for Alexa will provide a big benefit to both the multi-room speakers and to Amazon's voice ecosystem.
Taking on Chromecast
Although the Amazon Echo currently supports the ability to play music through an external speaker, the functionality lags behind what is offered by rival Google Home, which can be told to play music through any Chromecast Audio's connected to the same network.
Sonos integration would add similar functionality to Alexa, although only to owners of Sonos equipment.
No word yet on when the update is due to arrive, but with the privacy statement due to be updated next week it can't be far away.
A family who lost their home in last week's bushfire say they are just grateful to be alive.
If not for neighbour Rob Sutton, as reported in Tuesday's Albany Advertiser, Agnes and Dave Hurle and their two children may have perished in the Napier fire which tore through bushland north-east of Albany, destroying their two-storey home.
The fires burned more than 17,000ha, fanned by northerly-winds gusting to 100km/h.
Mrs Hurle said the bushfire hit without warning on Thursday.
“There were no warnings, no alerts, so I didn't even bother packing things up,” they said.
“Next thing we heard was our neighbour Rob, knocking on our bedroom windows telling us to get out.”
Mr Sutton, an Albany councillor, selflessly rode their quad-bike to their neighbours' house to warn them of the rapidly approaching fire front.
Camera Icon The house in Napier destroyed by fire. Picture: Albany Advertiser, Laurie Benson
After hearing the news, Mr and Mrs Hurle ran straight to their daughters' room to wake them up and called neighbour Grant Gunn, about 250m away.
Mr Gunn, who worked as a firefighter for more than 30 years, told Mr Hurle they would stay to defend their property.
But Mr Hurle decided to evacuate their family immediately from the house they had only moved into less than a year ago.
“We were still wearing our pyjamas, but we had to act immediately, so we put the girls and the dogs into the car and left straight away,” they said.
“As we drove out it was dusty and smoky and we could see the glow of the fire coming and the fire trucks on their way towards our house.
“We've since realised that it took about ten to twenty minutes for the fire to hit our house. By the time the firefighters got there, they were advised not to go in as they would be endangering themselves.”
Mr Hurle's family was the first group to be evacuated into Albany Leisure and Aquatic Centre.
An hour after being evacuated, Mr Hurle received a phone call from their neighbour to break the news that their home had been lost.
Camera Icon The Hurle's built their home over three years and moved in about eight months ago.
The family returned to the property on Sunday to see what was left of it.
“I thought I was going to be more upset — I don't know why we're still not feeling much about it,” Mrs Hurle said.
They said they also didn't feel much emotion when they stood amid the ruins of their home.
“We'd seen the photo — so it wasn't a surprise when we got out there,” they said.
“I think it's because we're quite rational about it. When you experience something like that, your body goes into survival mode and you think very clearly.
“It was a crisis that put us here but we're still standing here alive, and we can rebuild our house again in the future.”
The couple said the community support in recent days had been extraordinary.
“My colleagues from work gathered some donations for us, some clothes and even some toys for the kids,” Mrs Hurle said.
“Those things really brought tears to our eyes.”
They even had to turn down donations because they did not know where to store some of the items.
“The community has been so generous, even though we haven't been here for that long,” they said.
“The only real message that we want to get out is to show how the community has been really supportive and really generous to us.
“We can't go around to thank anyone individually, but we do say ‘thank you' to all of them.”
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nantwich Town fans will get their first glimpse of new strikers Danny Glover, James Lawrie and Joe Malkin when Crewe Alex visit for a friendly on Saturday (noon).
Director of football Clive Jackson says the trio, all snapped up by manager Dave Cooke over the summer, will be on show at the Weaver Stadium in the game with their League Two neighbours.
But forward Sean Cooke will not be involved and faces a race against time to make the start of the 2018-19 season because they need a minor knee operation.
And although striker Harry Clayton will sign forms for the new campaign, they are unlikely to be available very often due to new work commitments.
Jackson said: “We're looking forward to it, it's always a good occasion when we welcome our friends from Crewe here.
“And with the weather as warm as it is, we're expecting a decent crowd to come along and enjoy their football while soaking up the rays.
“Nantwich fans will be able to get a first look at our team, especially the lads we have signed over the summer. They will be trying to show what they've got to offer, and I'm sure we'll be pleased with that.
“It's frustrating that Sean won't be involved. He's due to have their operation in the next couple of weeks, and is on a standby list to have it earlier if there are any cancellations.
“We're hopeful they will be ready for the start of the season, or as close as possible, because we need their goals.
“Harry has a new job with Everton and we are delighted for him, but unfortunately it means they won't be able to play for us as often as we'd like, which is a blow.”
Nantwich were due to start their warm-up games at Alsager Town at the weekend, but the game was cancelled.
A club spokesperson said: “Problems with the pitch have meant the game has had to be called off.”
The kick-off time of the friendly with Crewe has been brought forward from 3pm too noon to avoid a clash with England's World Cup quarter-final against Sweden which will be screened at the Weaver Stadium.
The club's other home warm-up games are: Salford City (July 10, 7.45pm), Sandbach United (July 17, 7.45pm), Blackpool (July 21, 3pm), Crewe Alexandra (July 24, 7.45pm).
Away friendlies are: Newcastle Town (July 14, 3pm), Colwyn Bay (July 28, 3pm), Winsford United (July 31, 7.45pm), Radcliffe FC (August 4, 3pm), Leek Town (August 11, 3pm).
Nantwich Town are hosting Cheshire Emergency Services Day on Sunday, between 11am-4pm.
Attractions at the family fun day include a firefighter fitness test, ‘dunk the firefighter', face painting, beat the goalie and an artisan market.
Entry is free and all proceeds will go towards the Donna Louise Trust.
Pedro Florimon lands on DL after trying to play with a broken foot May 30
Phillies leftfielder Rhys Hoskins was hit in the face by a foul ball during the ninth inning of a baseball game against Los Angeles Dodgers on Monday.
LOS ANGELES – Rhys Hoskins, on the penultimate day of the roughest month of their career, learned Wednesday that they are likely headed to the disabled list with a fractured jaw.
Hoskins was cleared to play on Tuesday after being hit Monday night in the mouth by their own foul tip. They hit a pinch-hit double Tuesday night, but a post-game test revealed that they had a fracture. They will meet with a specialist Thursday in Philadelphia before the Phillies ultimately decide to place them on the DL.
Hoskins went just 14 for 87 this month in 100 plate appearances after starting the season with a torrid April. They could miss several weeks if the fracture requires surgery.
French dairy giant Danone unveiled a one-billion-euro ($1.1-billion) cost-cutting programme Wednesday as it said that sales growth slowed last year.
Danone said in a statement that although it turned in a “robust” performance last year, it needed to improve costs in order to face up to the current challenges.”While we delivered a robust performance… the challenges we faced, including a slower turnaround of dairy in Europe and major market volatility, are a clear case to step up in our ability to seize consumer opportunities and improve our efficiency,” said chief executive Emmanuel Faber.
Danone said its net profit jumped by 34 percent to 1.7 billion euros ($1.8 billion) in 2016, but sales declined by 2.1 percent to 21.9 billion euros, largely due to exchange rate effects.On a like-for-like basis, sales grew by 2.9 percent, slower than the rate of 4.4 percent recorded the previous year.
Looking ahead, Danone said it expected economic conditions to “remain particularly volatile and uncertain overall, with persistently fragile or even deflationary consumer trends in Europe, and specific contextual difficulties in a few major markets,” including Russia, China and Brazil.
In the face of this, it would embark on a programme to cut selling and administrative costs by one billion euros by 2020, and lift operating margins, Danone said.Danone is in the process of acquiring the US organic foods producer WhiteWave Foods.
-AFP
Ajay Devgn will soon be seen playing a no-nonsense Income Tax officer in RAID. Set in Uttar Pradesh in the 80's, the film is based on real life events involving one of the most high profile income tax raids the country has ever known.
Written by Ritesh Shah who's writing credits include Pink and Airlift, RAID will be directed by Rajkumar Gupta who previously directed No One Killed Jessica. Casting for Devgn's opponent and other important characters is underway.
Talking about the film, director Raj Kumar Gupta says, “RAID is a story that needs to be told on the big screen. I am looking forward to my collaboration with Ajay sir, Bhushanji, Kumarji and Abhishek on this film.”
Producer Bhushan Kumar says,”Ajay Devgn is a great actor. We have produced Baadshaho and are now happy to be also producing Raid. Raid is a content driven film and we are excited to produce it.”
Abhishek Pathak says, “As producers, we are always on the lookout for exciting material and it all starts there and with RAID it is a continuation of our thought-process of backing films with content like Special Chabbis and Drishyam which we produced and Rustom which we acquired for all India distribution. We are looking forward to our association with Raj Kumar Gupta on this film.”
Trending :
A Gulshan Kumar presentation of a T-Series and Panorama Studios production, RAID will be produced by Bhushan Kumar, Krishan Kumar, Kumar Mangat Pathak and Abhishek Pathak. Shooting begins in September 2017 and the film will release April 20th, 2018.
The actor will soon be seen in Baadshaho which also stars Ileana D'Cruz. Esha Gupta, Emraan Hashmi, and Vidyut Jammwal. The film is set to release on 1st September. Apart from this, they will also be seen in Golmaal franchise titled Golmaal Again.
Jesus Christ is being removed from a South Carolina church.
A statue of Jesus Christ and accompanying artwork that has been displayed at Red Bank Baptist Church for more than a decade will be taken down by Thursday, according to church officials.
The art will be removed because a majority of the congregation voted that the 7-foot-tall statue and sculpted reliefs were "causing some confusion."
According to the church, many people think the sculptures are Catholic and not representative of a Baptist church.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"We have discovered that there are people that view the art as Catholic in nature. We understand that this is not a Catholic icon, however, people perceive it in these terms," said a letter that was signed by Dr. Jeff Wright, Red Bank's senior pastor, and Mike Dennis, the church's Chairman of Deacons.
The letter was sent to Bert Baker Jr., the Midlands artist who hand carved the statue for the church in 2007. Baker is a former member of the Red Bank Baptist Church congregation.
"I'm not interested in stirring the pot, but people not liking it because it looked too Catholic is crazy, man. It's been up there for 11 years," Baker told The State on Tuesday. "I don't agree with the letter, it bothers me."
Both the church's letter and a two-page response from Baker were shared on Facebook by Rhonda Davis. Like Baker, Davis is unhappy with the church's decision to remove the art.
In their Facebook post, Baker called the art "a wordless story of Christ's life, death and resurrection." They said its removal is sad and regretful because it "insults and prejudices" another denomination, which they described as "totally unbecoming of anyone who calls themselves a representative of Christ."
"It is both disturbing and sad that in a time when we are all needing to come together as brothers and sisters in Christ to project and reflect Their love to a lost and dying world, Red Bank has decided to single out another denomination as the reason behind the decision to avoid any real or imagined fear that they would somehow be associated with them," Davis wrote in their Facebook post.
In their letter, Baker echoed those sentiments.
"These sculptures have been gracing the front of RBBC for 11 years and at no time then or now has anyone ever been 'confused' as to who Red Bank Baptist is nor has anyone ever suggested that they are 'Catholic' in nature," Baker wrote. "I am stunned that your letter both insults the intelligence of the Red Bank Community (as not intelligent enough to know that Red Bank Baptist Church is a Baptist church despite having a large sign stating as much); and, more disturbing, singling out the Catholic church in such a manner as to suggest that their denomination is deficient in theology and lacking in Christian core values."
In the church's letter, it offered Baker the opportunity to remove the sculptures if they desired to keep them, adding: "The art needs to be removed by May 31, 2018."
Baker said they hope the statue and artwork are not destroyed — but instead given to another church or sold, with money raised to support missionary work.
"I was commissioned to make the sculpture, and whatever they choose to do with it is their prerogative," Baker told The State. "I just didn't want it destroyed. I don't want to take it down personally, but I hope they find another place for it."
Baker said they know there are other churches that have reached out about acquiring the art, but they have not heard from the church beyond the original letter.
Messages left with the church were not answered.
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports. It was a role with the CFL's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided them with a platform to merge their best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in their role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews, digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter. They have also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres.
In honor of the World Cup we want to celebrate with our fellow soccer fans!
How long can you hold your GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAALLL?!
Cleaning, janitorial and maid services are terms that describe a devoted external service that delivers precise cleaning procedures to individuals, schools, enterprises and just about anyone who desires a cleanup completed right. These services might be diverse and what was historically deemed to become services performed by a female maid, is now an business that covers each male and female workers. Get extra information about Maids
Traditionally a maid was a single who was employed in household services. Formerly, a component from the hierarchy in homes and business, currently a maid is a single who performs specialized and periodic cleaning services, and frequently is not a “live-in” member of a household.
Traits of Maids
Cleaning services employ maids, janitors, carpet cleaners, window washers, and painters who all operate collectively to bring the perfect resolution for your cleaning requires. You are able to setup a plan for washing floors and widows, vacuuming, dusting, scrubbing floors and cleaning bathrooms. This plan is generally put into action weekly, biweekly or monthly.
Using a maid service might be thought because of geological web page, be quick of individual moment, social standing as well as a not have expertise in proficiently cleaning your home. Working with a maid service in years previous was economical only for the affluent, now these services are widespread and there may be payments tailored to fit budgets and cleaning schedules.
Employing a maid service may be a little extra pricier than just hiring a part-time maid or cleaners, but employing a service delivers several advantages. You'll have a person do your cleaning that is certainly bonded and insured. You may have you maid service bring all of the needed cleaning supplies. The cleaning service withholds social security and revenue taxes. Rest assured you're working with a legitimate business.
Included in most qualified cleaning firms can be a janitorial service. This may imply a cleaning service for any business in lieu of a residence. Employing a janitorial service will provide you with the freedom and expertise in realizing that your workplace and workplace constructing are cleaned to perfection.
There are lots of residential cleaning services all through the United State, Canada and the UK. Search through your local listing to seek out the service that may ideal fit your desires. Most cleaning services interview and train their employees, conduct background checks and insure their maids against accidents to them, your home as well as your belongings. Maids, janitors, carpet cleaners, and all those who operate inside your property are also bonded. This can be to ensure coverage to you inside the case of theft.
As an increasing number of females enter the workforce and most household are two incomes, it becomes just about a necessity to possess a cleaning service. It is possible to schedule your cleaning times any time of the day and on Saturdays. Do make sure that you really feel comfortable with your selected cleaning services firm and request that precisely the same maid, janitor, or cleaner comes for your house at every single appointment. This can give you added protection an assurance. It is possible to trust qualified cleaning service, like your qualified maid service to get your cleaning correct and leave you pleased.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that those born in the 21st century will decide the future of the nation and the year 2018 would be crucial for them in that quest.
"The year 2018 is significant for those born in the 21st century," Modi said in their speech here on the occasion of Independence Day.
They said that from January 1, 2018, the millenials would start turning 18 and will then decide the future of the 21st century and shape the vision of a "new India".
"So I invite them to take this opportunity to shape the future of the nation and participate in India`s development."
The Prime Minister added that through collective efforts, sacrifice and commitment of 125 crore Indians, especially the younger generation, a new India would be created which is secure, prosperous and powerful, and where all Indians are equal.
"With firm commitment towards a better and brighter India, we have to move on from disappointment. We have to move on from `chalta hai` attitude towards `badal raha hai` and `badal sakta hai` attitude," Modi said.
They said with that confidence, the 125 crore Indians will collectively change the nation for the better.
On Valentine's Day, a so-called day of love, it appears there's none lost between premier Alden McLaughlin and opposition leader McKeeva Bush. The two are trading jabs on whether government should be able to enter into contractual agreements with an election looming just 99 days away.
“The governor knows it's not good governance according to what's been practiced in this country,” said Mr. Bush.
They told Cayman 27 they have called on the governor to prevent government from inking any big-dollar contracts before election day.
“I've called on the governor to stop these humongous contracts of the dump, where it between 500 and 750 million dollars and they are not only committing to the contracts, but they're telling them what they can and can't do,” said Mr. Bush.
They said any late term deals could potentially tie the hands of future administrations.
Premier Alden McLaughlin took to the aiwaves Monday to fire back.
“The leader of the opposition of all people should be the last one to talk about any government entering into agreements or passing legislation before the end of the term,” said Mr. McLaughin on Radio Cayman's “For the record” radio show.
Mr. McLaughlin referenced Mr. Bush's 11th hour deal with Dart. They said a government's authority extends from dawn to dusk of the four year term.
“While you could adopt a policy or you could even write it into the constitution that the government couldn't make any agreements in the last year, what you're effectively doing then is cutting the term short by a year,” said Mr. McLaughlin.
“The premier is absolutely wrong, as usual,” said Mr. Bush, who defended their deal with Dart, saying it's different since it was based on the giving of financial incentives.
They told Cayman 27 six months to an election should be the cutoff point for contracts.
“I don't think they should go beyond six months, any government,” they said.
The premier said they would be very careful about entering into controversial agreements at this stage in their term.
Government has indicated contracts for the cruise berthing facility and solid waste project are not likely to be signed before the election.
The governor's office told Cayman 27 the civil service is responsible for managing contracts and advising officials in the run up to elections, and expressed confidence in civil servants' ability to manage the process.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is set Tuesday to sign a dual-track executive order that officials said would help fulfill their “Buy American, Hire American” pledge by revamping government procurement and visa programs.
Trump is to visit a tool manufacturing company in middle-class Kenosha, Wisconsin, to review procedures officials said have hurt the American worker.
The order would assess H-1B guest-worker visas originally intended to bring high-skilled labor to the country but now distributed by lottery without regard to skill or wage, said senior administration officials on the condition of anonymity.
It also would allow for a deep look at trade deals, waivers and exceptions that put U.S. products and services at a disadvantage in the global public-procurement market, officials said.
“It's a criticism of Washington, D.C., how they're running these programs,” an official said. “This is an executive order embracing the optimism of a new way of doing business in D.C.”
The “Hire American” component would instruct the departments of State, Labor, Justice and Homeland Security to look for fraud and abuse of the visa and immigration system, the official said. It would refocus the H-1B program on introducing higher-skill — not just lower-cost — workers into the U.S. economy, the official said.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The “Buy American” portion would launch reviews by the Commerce Department and the Office of the Trade Representative to minimize the use of waivers in free-trade agreements and flag unfair practices such as predatory pricing to win a bid, another official said. Trading partners would be “put on notice” if deals aren't reciprocal, the official said.
Asked why Trump uses foreign employees at their Mar-a-Lago estate if they are championing American workers, an official said the president sets policy for the American people, not private enterprises.
The findings of the reviews could inform legislative measures, the officials said.
Also Monday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer faced down questions on transparency in the administration, defending Trump on decisions against releasing White House visitor logs and their tax returns.
Spicer cited pre-Barack Obama precedent in the halting of the routine release of the names of White House visitors, saying most previous presidents didn't make logs public and Obama's was a “faux attempt” at open government.
“It's not really being transparent when you scrub out the names of the people that you don't want anyone to know were here,” Spicer said.
But the administration at the same time is defying precedent set by past presidents and candidates releasing their tax returns, and Spicer repeated that Trump wouldn't disclose theirs because they are currently under audit.
Asked if the administration is going to declare that it will never release the president's tax returns, Spicer said, “We'll have to get back to you on that.”
CHICAGO (AP) — Corey Crawford made 31 saves, Artem Anisimov scored with 4:47 left in the third period and the Chicago Blackhawks beat the Arizona Coyotes 3-1 on Sunday night.
Tommy Wingels and Nick Schmaltz also scored in the third to help Chicago win its second straight after dropping five in a row. Patrick Kane had two assists to run their career total to 781 points, breaking a tie with Doug Wilson for fifth on the franchise scoring list.
Kane found an open Anisimov in the right circle for the center's team-high 13th goal, giving the Blackhawks a 2-1 lead. The connection occurred just 1:11 after Anthony Duclair tied it with their seventh goal for Arizona, tipping home Alex Goligoski's pass in front.
Kane then set up Schmaltz with a slick pass with 3:02 left.
Scott Wedgewood made 34 saves for Arizona. The Coyotes have lost four straight.
MAPLE LEAFS 1, OILERS 0
TORONTO (AP) — Curtis McElhinney made 41 saves for their first shutout of the season and sixth overall, and Zach Hyman scored in the first minute in Toronto's victory over Edmonton.
McElhinney was making their fifth start of the season, giving starter Frederik Andersen a rest after they played in a 4-3 victory Saturday night in Pittsburgh. Toronto improved to 20-10-1 to move within three points of Tampa Bay for the Eastern Conference lead.
Laurent Brossoit made 22 saves for the Oilers.
It took Toronto only 34 seconds to take the lead. Jake Gardiner's point shot made its way through traffic and was tipped by Hyman past Brossoit on the first shift.
WILD 4, SHARKS 3, OT
SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — Nino Niederreiter scored 3:26 into overtime and Minnesota beat San Jose after squandering a three-goal lead.
Eric Staal scored twice and Ryan Murphy added a goal as the Wild extended their winning streak over the Sharks to four games.
Tomas Hertl tapped in a loose puck for San Jose with five minutes left in regulation to tie it at 3. Brent Burns scored twice for the Sharks.
BLUES 3, SABRES 2, OT
ST. LOUIS (AP) — Vladimir Tarasenko scored at 4:25 of overtime to lift St. Louis past Buffalo.
Brayden Schenn and Paul Stastny also scored, and Joel Edmundson had two assists to help the Blues top the Sabres for the 10th time in their last 11 meetings. Jake Allen made 22 saves.
Evan Rodrigues, in just their third game this season, scored twice for Buffalo, and Robin Lehner made 42 saves. The Sabres have lost six of seven.
___
For more NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Related Coverage Connecticut boarding school settles sex abuse lawsuits
SALISBURY, Conn. (AP) — A former student suing an exclusive Connecticut boarding school for alleged sexual abuse in the 1980s will undergo an independent mental examination at the request of school lawyers.
Attorneys for the Hotchkiss School in Salisbury said in court documents the exam is needed because the former student is claiming emotional distress and mental pain and anguish due to the alleged abuse.
Court documents show the former student, known only as John Doe in the case, and their lawyers agreed to the exam, which is scheduled Tuesday and Wednesday in New York.
Related: Connecticut boarding school settles sex abuse lawsuits
Doe says they were subjected to ritual sexual hazing by other Hotchkiss students and raped by a teacher in the mid-1980s. Hotchkiss lawyers deny the allegations.
Doe alleges Hotchkiss officials failed to protect them and seeks unspecified damages.
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — Because they can't pay $228 in traffic fines, Seti Johnson faces revocation of their North Carolina's driver's license, which means they won't be able to drive to the job they hope to get soon. For Sharee Smoot, the amount keeping them off the road is $648.
In a federal lawsuit filed Wednesday, attorneys for the two say North Carolina's practice of revoking drivers' licenses of people who can't pay their traffic fines and court costs is unconstitutional because it violates the rights to due process and equal protection under the 14th amendment.
“This revocation scheme disproportionately punishes impoverished residents in violation of federal law, taking away crucial means of self-sufficiency and further pushing them into poverty,” the motion for a preliminary injunction states.
The lawsuit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union, the Southern Poverty Law Center and the Southern Coalition for Social Justice. Torre Jessup, commissioner of the state Division of Motor Vehicles, is named as the defendant.
North Carolina law requires automatic revocation of licenses for nonpayment of a traffic ticket 40 days after a court judgment. The groups are suing because the law doesn't require a hearing to make sure the driver can pay the fine and court costs.
The statements by Smoot and Johnson describe a cycle of fines and attempts to catch up on their debts as they try to hold on to their jobs and support their families.
Last year, Johnson said they paid more than $700 in fines, court costs and late fees on previous tickets. Their driver's license was reinstated, but they fell behind on rent payments and had to move in with their mother.
But before they paid the $700, they were issued another ticket for not paying. They were convicted in April of a lesser crime — failure to notify the Division of Motor Vehicles of an address change — and sentenced to pay a $100 fine and $208 in court costs. They paid $100 that day, but was charged an additional $20 for an installment plan and set-up fee even though the bill says the entire amount is due within 40 days.
They said they doubt he'll be able to pay the remaining debt within 60 days of May 22, as he's required to do to keep their license.
“I value taking care of my responsibilities,” they write . “But that is hard to do when I am required to pay hundreds of dollars in fines and court costs and my driver's license is revoked when I do not have the money to pay. … No one should have to live with the burden of their license revoked because they cannot pay off their traffic tickets.”
Smoot writes that they were making $9 an hour while working at a group home when was sentenced to pay $308 for driving while their license was revoked in 2016. They were assessed a $50 late fee for not paying within 40 days.
They and their 9-year-old daughter moved in with their grandmother in 2017 to save money. Smoot said they stopped attending school part-time at the University of North Carolina Charlotte because they couldn't afford it.
In 2017, they were issued another ticket for driving while their license was revoked and ordered to pay $235. That grew to $285 with a late fee; then they were arrested for not paying the fines and charged a $5 arrest fee.
They said their car was repossessed, and they lost their job because they didn't have transportation to work.
“I have been forced to make the difficult choice of staying home, losing my job and not being able to take care of necessities for me, my daughter, and my grandmother, whose I also pay, or continuing to drive illegally and risk more punishment,” they write.
A spokesperson for the state Transportation Department, which oversees the state Division of Motor Vehicles, said Wednesday that officials are reviewing the lawsuit.
___
Follow Martha Waggoner on Twitter at http://twitter.com/mjwaggonernc .
Comments
comments
At least 10 people were killed and 30 others wounded when four vehicles collided at a tool plaza near Kandhkot and a van collided with a trailer on late Sunday.
According to details, two passenger coaches collided head-on at a tool plaza near Kandhkot after which a car and a truck which were coming behind also collided with the coaches, killing seven people near Kandhkot bypass.
Police officials said the collision took place because of low visibility due to dense fog near Kandhkot bypass, in which six people were reported dead on the spot while 22 were injured, of which six are in critical condition.
One of the buses that collided was en route from Karachi to D.G. Khan, while the other was going toKarachi from Kohat.
The injured were shifted to Civil Hospital from where six critically wounded persons were referred to a hospital in Rahim Yar Khan.
In Gujrat district, according to details, a van collided with a trailer at the Jalalpur Hattan Road on Sunday night, killing two women and a minor girl.
At least eight persons were also wounded in the accident and were shifted to Aziz Bhatti ShaheedHospital by the rescue workers.
The deceased were identified as Shamim, Sumaira and Noor Fatima. The rescue sources said that the dead and injured came to Gujrat from Sialkot to attend a marriage ceremony.
A fresh Red Dead Redemption 2 release date of June 8, 2018 has been leaked by a Dutch retailer, making it later than Rockstar's teased "Spring 2018" arrival.
[Update: Dutch retailer Coolshop has sent TechRadar a statement stating that we should "contact the publisher of the game for the most accurate and up to date information."]
Retailer slip-ups can be honest mistakes, as they ready product pages for upcoming games, allowing them to switch the pages live as soon as an announcement is made, with fake information entered into them before the real details are made clear.
While this doesn't bode particularly well for this leak, it's the retailer itself - Dutch-based Coolshop - which is of interest as it's the same place that correctly leaked the official launch date for Grand Theft Auto V.
Spring no more?
The listing no longer has the June 8 date on it, with Coolshop changing the expected release date to say just "2018".
However, if the leaked release date is correct it would mean Rockstar has slipped behind the "Spring 2018" promise it made back in May 2017.
It's already pushed the game back from a 'Fall 2017' launch which was touted in the first trailer, so it's not out of the question that the game may have been delayed again.
A statement from Coolshop, sent to TechRadar, regarding this leak simply states: "We would advise you to contact the publisher of the game for the most accurate and up to date information regarding the release of the game."
We have contacted Rockstar for clarification on its launch intentions for the game, and will update this article once we hear back.
Via NME and Game Informer
The United Kingdom and German, who directly or indirectly funded the process of the ‘dead' electoral reforms, have expressed their disappointment over their collapse in Parliament in December.
Three Electoral Reforms Bills that were completely rejected by governing Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) legislators and its allies in Parliament are dead and will need another whole process of reviving them.
Stakeholders who include the public, donors and opposition political parties are hoping that the bills would return to Parliament when the lawmakers regroup on Monday for the mid-year budget review meeting.
But Malawi News understands that it might be only the Electoral Commission (Amendment) Bill which may see the light of day any time soon as it is now up to the Legal Affairs Committee of Parliament to present a report which could trigger its return. However, the Assumption of Office of the President
(Transitional Arrangements), the Presidential, Parliamentary and Local Government Elections and the Constitutional Amendment bills are dead and it is not known if they can be revived.
British High Commissioner, Holly Tett, said in a written questionnaire their government is hopeful that the bills that were returned back to Ministry of Justice and Constitutional Affairs will be reviewed and brought back for debate in Parliament.
They added that the Bills that cover the assumption of office of the president (transitional arrangements), the Electoral Commission and some other specific proposals to enhance management and delivery of elections can still be considered in time for the 2019 tripartite elections.
“UK recognises and values the independence of Parliament as an institution that makes laws. We regret however that, following our investment in the process, a full debate on the bills did not take place in the last parliamentary session…we remain hopeful that the bills will be reviewed and brought back for debate in parliament,” they said.
Tett said their government was one of the contributors to the Elections Basket Fund, which gave US$458,000 to the Law Commission for the electoral reforms process adding that, the UK also provided some support through the National Democratic Institute's “Enhancing the Prospects for
Peaceful, Accountable and Credible Elections” programme to support the National taskforce on electoral reforms between August, 2014 and July, 2016.
On their part, German Ambassador ürgen Borsch, whose government has been supporting the electoral reform process as a member state of the European Union, said the collapse of the bills was a missed opportunity.
“After the elections in 2014 the Malawi government requested development partners for financial support to reflect on lessons learnt and thereafter, the elaboration of reform proposals for the next elections. It is upon that request the international community reacted and engaged significantly in supporting the Mec in setting up the Special Law Commission and starting the process, electoral reforms are always controversial and need a thorough discussion,“ Borsch said.
They said the Ministry of Justice and the Malawi Electoral Commission should discuss with all relevant stakeholders on how to move forward with the issue.
”It is our hope that this will be done in a timely manner so that there is enough time to implement those improvements on administrative, technical and organizational level that had already been identified in 2014” concluded Borsch.
Last year, Mec Chairperson Jane Ansah appealed for speed in effecting changes to the country's electoral laws, if they are to be used in 2019 elections.
However, in the last meeting of Parliament, MPs blocked Constitution (Amendment) Bill No 2 of 2017, Presidential, Parliamentary and Local Government Elections Bill and Assumption of Office of the President (Transitional Arrangements) Bill.
Another Bill that was expected to be tabled, discussed and passed in the November 2017 meeting of Parliament was the Electoral Commission (Amendment) Bill, but the legislators referred it to the Legal Affairs Committee.
The MPs only passed the Referendum Bill which, to many people, was not as significant as the bills that were blocked.
Opposition Malawi Congress Party (MCP) and other stakeholders are hoping that the bills might return to Parliament when the lawmakers meet again Monday for the mid-year budget review session.
MCP deputy Secretary General Mkaka said the bills were about entrenching democracy and guaranteeing a better future for Malawi.
“As a matter of fact, it should not sadden donors only but also us Malawians, ” Mkaka said.
They said MCP is promising Malawians and development partners to pass the bills without hesitation should they get in power in 2019.
Before the bills were tabled and rejected by parliament, President Peter Mutharika had a meeting with some People Party (PP) Members of Parliament at Kamuzu Palace in Lilongwe.
The meeting was suspected to have influenced some PP lawmakers' decision to side with government.
In the course of the previous meeting of Parliament, there were also revelations that DPP and United Democratic Front (UDF) MPs and those who supported government were receiving K20 000 extra allowances from State House to motivate them to tow the government line.
Minister of Justice and constitutional affairs Samuel Tembenu said government did its part to allow the whole process to take place. When the need to do those reforms arose, government participated in the entire process.
In fact, the minister of Finance [Goodall Gondwe] and former UNDP Resident representative [Mia Seppo] co-chaired the steering committee and their recommendation was sent to the Special Law Commission to come up with the bills. Government took almost every recommendation and added some things to underscore the legitimacy of the bill, government did what it could have done, the bills were presented at Parliament and this was done,” Tembenu said.
They added: “This was a complete democratic process and the outcome of that democratic process was the rejection of the bills unless someone doesn't believe in such. I don't think government could have done better than this, nobody can guarantee whether any bill can pass or be rejected in Parliament.
Source link
MILFORD, Pa. (AP) — The Latest on the trial of a survivalist charged in a fatal ambush at a state police barracks (all times local):
5:30 p.m.
A Pennsylvania state police trooper who was shot in a 2014 ambush says the “coward” who opened fire has left them with debilitating injuries.
Trooper Alex Douglass testified Monday in the trial of Eric Frein (freen), who's charged with opening fire on the Blooming Grove barracks. Cpl. Bryon Dickson II was killed. Douglass was critically wounded.
Advertisement
Douglass says they were trying to drag the mortally wounded Dickson into the barracks when they felt as though they “got hit in the back with a baseball bat.”
Douglass has undergone 18 surgeries. They choked up as they described the pain they still endure.
Frein faces charges including murder of a law enforcement officer and terrorism. They could face a death sentence if convicted. They have pleaded not guilty.
___
12:10 p.m.
A man charged with ambushing two troopers at a Pennsylvania state police barracks researched how to escape a manhunt more than a year before the attack.
A computer forensics expert testified Monday at the trial of Eric Frein (freen), who's charged in the 2014 attack that killed Cpl. Bryon Dickson II and critically wounded Trooper Alex Douglass.
Frein's laptop was used to search online for “how to escape a manhunt” and “how are manhunts conducted” in May 2013.
Frein eluded capture for 48 days before U.S. marshals caught them at an abandoned airplane hangar more than 20 miles from the barracks. The jurors heard evidence that they performed dozens of internet searches of their own name while they were on the run.
Frein could face the death penalty if convicted.
___
11 a.m.
Jurors have seen a letter that a survivalist wrote to their parents after a 2014 attack on a state police barracks that killed a Pennsylvania trooper and injured a second.
The letter was found on a computer thumb drive at the abandoned airplane hangar where Eric Frein (freen) was captured 48 days after the sniper attack in Blooming Grove. It spoke of revolution and said “the time seems right for a spark to ignite a fire in the hearts of men.”
Prosecutors presented the letter Monday during Frein's trial on charges they killed Cpl. Bryon Dickson II and critically wounded Trooper Alex Douglass. Frein could face the death penalty if convicted. He's pleaded not guilty.
An expert in computer forensics testified about internet searches Frein performed while on the run.
JUBA, South Sudan (AP) - The United Nations says a Nepalese peacekeeper in South Sudan has been accused of inappropriately touching a teenage girl in exchange for money.
The allegation in the town of Aweil comes two months after 46 Ghanaian peacekeepers were recalled when some members allegedly paid local women living in a protection camp in the town of Wau for sex.
A U.N. statement says an investigation into the latest allegation is underway.
Multiple U.N. peacekeeping missions have faced allegations of sexual abuse or exploitation in recent years, with Secretary-General Antonio Guterres calling it a "global menace" that must end.
The U.N. has about 15,000 peacekeepers in South Sudan, whose civil war is well into a fifth year.
Sandip Roy's Dispatch - The Real Saroo
When I was a little boy I once lost my parents in a busy market in Kolkata. I was probably lost for all of 15 minutes.
But to a terrified little boy it seemed like an eternity. I cannot begin to imagine what it means to be lost for 25 YEARS. Like Saroo Brierly.
DSS Properties in London
http://www.letzoo.co.uk/ is a UK based rental property website. The services are ONLY for people living in the United Kingdom. However, more specifically, it is ideal for people who reside within London who are looking for a rental property or for people who wish to find a rental property within the London area. The website sells subscriptions. Once a customer has purchased a subscription, they are able to view the rental properties listed on the website.
California: Uber Technologies Inc is talking with Alphabet Inc`s autonomous driving unit Waymo about using its technology on Uber`s ride-hailing app, Uber Chief Executive Dara Khosrowshahi said on Wednesday, signaling a possible thaw in relations between the firms.
Khosrowshahi said on stage at the Code Conference that Uber`s relationship with Waymo was "getting better" since Uber in February agreed to pay Waymo $245 million in shares to settle a legal dispute over trade secrets.
"We`re having discussions with Waymo. If something happens, great. If not, we can live with that, too," Khosrowshahi said.
Waymo is an "incredible technology provider" and having it on Uber`s network would be a good thing, they added.
Waymo declined to comment. It has, though, proceeded with plans to operate without Uber`s help, developing a fleet of cars that it said has self-driven 6 million miles on public roads.
In a lawsuit filed last year, Waymo said that one of its former engineers who became chief of Uber`s self-driving car project took with them thousands of confidential documents. The lawsuit cost Uber both time and money in its self-driving car development.
Khosrowshahi said they believe the technology behind autonomous driving will be shared, and that any company such as Waymo that wants to lead the sector will need to partner with Uber because of Uber`s network of smartphone users.
Waymo plans to roll out an app-based service this year offering rides to passengers in a fully self-driving Waymo car with no driver. It also has a partnership with Lyft Inc, a rival of Uber.
Uber plans to restart its own self-driving car operation in the coming months, Khosrowshahi said. The company shut down testing in Arizona this month after a fatal crash involving one of its vehicles.
"We will get back on the road over the summer," they said, adding that the fatal episode eventually "is going to make us a better company".
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian made a brief court appearance Tuesday and has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit, showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack.
Their father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
By The Associated Press
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Kentucky's criminal ban on medical marijuana is being challenged in a lawsuit that says its use could help combat the state's opioid addiction woes.
The suit, filed Wednesday in Franklin County Circuit Court in Frankfort, lists three plaintiffs who have used medical marijuana to help ease health problems.
The suit says the medical marijuana ban violates constitutional privacy rights.
It says Kentucky treats anyone turning to medical marijuana as “criminals rather than patients in need of safe relief.” It says that states legalizing medical marijuana have seen drops in hospital admissions for opioid abuse.
Advertisement
Defendants are Republican Gov. Matt Bevin and Democratic Attorney General Andy Beshear.
Twenty-nine states and the District of Columbia have authorized medical use of marijuana.
A Harrogate choir is encouraging men to become better at caring for themselves and letting go of their emotions in 2017.
With more than 400 members across four adult choirs, Rock Up and Sing! director Rhiannon Gayle has seen the positive impact singing can have on people's lives.
However, they say men are always more reluctant to put themselves out of their comfort zone and try something new – which means they can miss out on the benefits as well.
“There are numerous studies to show the benefits of singing, and particularly as part of a group,” said Rhiannon.
“Being in a choir can help people to deal with physical and mental health problems, as well as making them feel more confident and enabling them to deal with difficult situations in other areas of their life.
“Since I founded Rock Up and Sing! in 2009, I have seen the results first hand and they never become less moving.
“However, I have also noticed a big difference in the way men and women deal with problems.
“Women tend to find outlets for their feelings, such as singing, and share them openly with friends, but men seem to feel less comfortable with that.
“They want to keep everything to themselves and perhaps believe they have to be ‘strong'. I want to show them that there is another way.”
This year, Rhiannon is calling on men to do one thing that will make a difference to their lives.
This might be opening up about a problem, or it might be as simple as doing something for themselves – such as joining a choir.
“We have a fantastic group of around 45 male singers across our three mixed choirs at Rock Up and Sing!,” they said.
“They love having the chance to challenge themselves by doing something a bit different, and they have formed some very strong friendships too.
“It's not about being the greatest singer or suddenly changing everything you do, but about trying something different that might just be good for you.
“I want more men to take that first step – to push themselves slightly out of their comfort zone and see where it might take them.”
Rock Up and Sing!'s three Harrogate choirs rehearse on weeknights in the studio on Claro Road, along with one at Skipton Girls' High School.
The choirs are opening their doors to new members, who do not have to have any experience or be able to read music – enthusiasm and a willingness to learn are all the skills required.
Taster sessions are available during the fortnight from Monday, January 9, when anyone thinking of joining can try a rehearsal or two before deciding whether to commit to the full term. To find out more or book a place, email cath@rockupandsing.com
*Send your entertainments news to: news@harrogateadvertiser.co.uk
A would-be carjacker was stopped in their tracks by the man they were trying to steal from.Police say three arrests have been made Saturday after a stolen car involved in the attempted carjacking was found.The carjacking takedown happened in Chicago's Streeterville neighborhood Friday night.No charges have been filed as of Saturday morning for the teen suspect.The car's owner they say she's from the area and had heard about recent carjackings.Around 7 p.m. Friday, the victim and their boyfriend were checking into the Doubletree hotel when someone attempted to steal their car.The victim's boyfriend yanked the suspect out of the car and held them down. But their nearby accomplices waiting in another vehicle tried to intervene. That's when a man in a wheelchair tried to block their way."Really thankful that people care to stop and help," said victim Sherry Randle. 'Yeah I am kinda shaken up about it. It angers me. But I'm just glad everybody's OK."As police led the teen away in handcuffs they seemed to threaten others, warning people not to stay at that hotel.
Allan Monga, a junior at Deering High School in Portland, Maine, traveled to Washington, D.C. to compete in the Poetry Out Loud contest on Monday. It's a national competition in which students recite great works of poetry, and it's run by the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation.
But Monga, who says they fled violence in their home country of Zambia, was initially barred from the national final because of their immigration status: He's an asylum seeker and does not yet have U.S. citizenship.
Poetry Out Loud's official rules require permanent residence, so Monga filed a lawsuit against the National Endowment for the Arts and the Poetry Foundation. A judge granted a motion allowing them to compete, and they went on to represent the state of Maine in the competition. They read two poems but did not advance to the finals.
Monga says fighting to compete in Poetry Out Loud was important to them — and others.
"I am not the only kid who's an immigrant, like the Portland public schools [themselves] have a huge body of kids from all over the world who are definitely in my situation," Monga says. "So, I wanted to create a way that kind of opened the door for everyone."
Interview Highlights
On what poetry means to Monga
Poetry is like a whole new world to me. Back in my country, I did not have anything about poetry, but poetry is something that I got to learn once I got here. You know, I did research. It's just something like — I developed feelings for it. It's like I'm in a relationship with poetry.
On the teacher that introduced them to poetry
Ms. Callaghan. I mean, I was just sitting one of the days in our class, and they were like, "Do you wanna try this?" I was like, "Um, maybe, nah." But I did [some] research, and it was just like magic. It happened, and I will tell you, it is addictive. Your feelings, or passion for it, grow everyday. And honestly, I will not let anyone stand in between the relationship I have, I've grown for poetry.
On why they connect to "America" by Claude McKay
It talks about the good and the bad of America. And me, as an immigrant, I can come across a challenge. Example: what's going on right now with the NEA trying to say I cannot compete. To me, I consider it as a challenge. But the good? They said I can compete. I had people, the entire Portland public schools, everyone has just gone above and beyond to make sure that I'm here today. And I don't know, that poem to me is just like music to my ears.
Matt Ozug and Bridget Kelley produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday and Petra Mayer adapted it for the Web.
MOSCOW — Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov on Wednesday denied reports of intercepted phone calls between Russian intelligence officials and members of Donald Trump's presidential campaign.
The New York Times said that the Russians made contact with Paul Manafort, who briefly served as Trump's campaign chairperson. Current and former U.S. officials interviewed by the Times declined to identify other Trump associates contacted by the Russians.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Speaking to reporters in Moscow, Peskov, spokesperson for President Vladimir Putin, pointed to the anonymity of the sources, saying that the reports "are not based on any facts, do not point to actual facts."
The report comes a day after U.S. National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned following reports they misled Vice President Mike Pence and other officials about their contacts with Russia.
Asked about the allegations, Russian foreign ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said on Wednesday they "prove once against there is a major internal, political game, you can call it bargaining, in the United States."
Russian lawmakers were more direct in trying to defend Trump.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
"This is not about information but about a high-precision information bomb," Alexei Pushkov, chairperson of the Federation Council's information committee, tweeted. "The goal is to blow up the Trump administration."
A 47-year-old Bodden Town man was arrested over the weekend. Police accuse them of running an illegal lottery operation.
Police say they found the man with a large quantity of cash and lottery books.
Police arrested them on suspicion of money laundering, possession and use of criminal property, possession and selling of lottery tickets and possession and consumption of ganja.
The man was later bailed.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
A Spring Valley man pleaded guilty to felony assault for their part in a January stabbing that left a man critically injured.
John Salto, 23, offered their plea in Rockland County Court on April 18, according to the Rockland County District Attorney's Office.
The assault took place on Jan. 22 outside of the Mi Tierra Bar in the Village of Haverstraw, when Salto, along with their cousin Daniel Salto, got into a verbal fight with another man. The confrontation turned physical when the parties went outside, the DA's Office said.
During the altercation, a witness saw the men stab the victim with a knife several times before attempting to flee the scene. Daniel Salto was apprehended by police outside the bar. According to the charges, they admitted to possessing the knife and using it to stab the victim.
John Salto was arrested several days later.
The victim suffered 12 stab wounds and required surgery at Westchester Medical Center. The stabbing incident was captured on surveillance video.
Prosecutors are recommending 10 years in prison during their sentencing scheduled for July 25, confirmed Xiomara Lopez with the DA's Office.  They are currently free on $25,000 bond.
Salto had been indicted on felony charges of attempted murder, and two counts of assault.
Their cousin, who appears in court May 2, is charged with attempted second-degree murder and first-degree assault.
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN ANTONIO -- The battle over flava! Who's got more of it... Whataburger or In-N-Out burger?
Well, a San Antonio host weighed in and their stance is getting national attention. KRLN's Chris Duel said they think "In-N-Out burgers are much more flavorful than a Whataburger." They even challenged native Texans to do a side-by-side taste test.
Well, now he's being labeled a TRAITOR!
While most reaction was negative, not everyone's was. Andrew Weaver on Twitter said, "I live in Texas, and he's right. In N Out wins this contest hands down. Let the hate begin."
So we decided to ask locals which "burger joint" they liked better. And it was pretty clear Whataburger was the winner.
One person said, "I hate In-N-Out burger. I'm not saying that they're bad, I would just prefer Whataburger."
Well, the streets of Texas have spoken, so we're gonna have to agree to disagree on this one, Mr. Duel.
A newly published Apple patent shows that the tech giant may be working on 3D mapping technology that has the potential to make augmented reality a more immersive experience.
The patent, originally shared by prolific patent purveyors Patently Apple, shows a device that works by shining light through a transparent substrate that alters the light into a ‘structured light' pattern. This pattern can then be detected by a sensor, allowing the device to gauge the distance and shape of the physical structures that are in front of it.
This means that apps which currently use a phone's camera to ‘place' digital items in the real world on your screen would be able to realistically show what they'd look like in the three dimensional plane. At present, augmented reality elements sit on top of whatever is on the screen, regardless of if they are supposed to be behind them in the real world.
Apple is currently throwing itself headfirst into the world of AR, with its development of the ARKit, the developer kit for creating augmented reality experience.
Redefining the meaning of hands-on
While the rumors are still coming in about Apple developing its own pair of AR glasses, one of the strongest things that Apple has going for it with its AR is that being able to use an iPhone or iPad means that people won't have to invest in new tech in order to be able to get their hands on an augmented experience.
What is also quite exciting is the use of a hand as the image of the 3D element being captured in the patent. Apple devices having 3D mapping technology could mean that its AR efforts will be controllable using just your hands.
Of course, Microsoft's HoloLens already uses gestural controls, but the controls are in the world of ‘pinch for yes' rather than ‘hold the digital object in your hand and rotate it'. While there's no guarantee that Apple is working on making that exact thing happen, the technology described in the patent would make it possible.
The patent was originally filed in 2013, and is but one of many Apple patents that we have seen involving 3D mapping, which suggests the Cupertino based company has been thinking long and hard about how to solve this problem.
As it's just a patent application, there's no guarantee that this tech will ever see the light of day. However, given the amount of noise Apple is currently making in the world of AR, we wouldn't be surprised if this tech or something similar started showing up in devices pretty soon.
NEW YORK (AP) — “The Promise,” the grandest big-screen portrayal ever made about the mass killings of Armenians during World War I, has been rated by more than 111,300 people on IMDb — a remarkable total considering it doesn't open in theaters until Friday and has thus far been screened only a handful of times publicly.
The passionate reaction is because “The Promise,” a $100-million movie starring Oscar Isaac and Christian Bale, has provoked those who deny that 1.5 million Armenians were massacred between 1915 and 1923 by the Ottoman Empire or that the deaths of Armenians were the result of a policy of genocide. Thousands, many of them in Turkey, have flocked to IMDb to rate the film poorly, sight unseen. Though many countries and most historians call the mass killings genocide, Turkey has aggressively refused that label.
Yet that wasn't the most audacious sabotage of “The Promise,” a passion project of the late billionaire investor and former MGM owner Kirk Kerkorian.
In March, just a few weeks before “The Promise” was to open, a curiously similar-looking film called “The Ottoman Lieutenant” appeared. Another sweeping romance set during the same era and with a few stars of its own, including Ben Kingsley and Josh Hartnett, “The Ottoman Lieutenant” seemed designed to be confused with “The Promise.” But it was made by Turkish producers and instead broadcast Turkey's version of the events — that the Armenians were merely collateral damage in World War I. It was the Turkish knockoff version of “The Promise,” minus the genocide.
Advertisement
“It was like a reverse mirror image of us,” said Terry George, director and co-writer of “The Promise.” George, the Irish filmmaker, has some experience in navigating the sensitivities around genocide having previously written and directed 2004's “Hotel Rwanda,” about the early '90s Rwandan genocide.
George bought a ticket to see it. “Basically the argument is the Turkish government's argument, that there was an uprising and it was bad and we had to move these people out of the war zone — which, if applied to the Nazis in Poland would be: ‘Oh, there was an uprising in the Warsaw Ghetto and we need to move these Jews out of the war zone,'” says George. “The film is remarkably similar in terms of structure and look, even.”
The nascent production company behind “The Ottoman Lieutenant,” Eastern Sunrise Productions, did not respond to queries for this article. Critics lambasted the film as “revisionist history” that “glosses over genocide.” Salon wondered , “What is Sir Ben Kingsley doing in ‘The Ottoman Lieutenant?'”
The killings of up to 1.5 million Armenians by Ottoman Turks around the time of World War I is widely viewed by genocide scholars as the first genocide of the 20th century. Turkey, however, denies that the deaths constituted genocide, saying the toll has been inflated, and that those killed were victims of war and civil unrest.
While the creation of a rival historical drama is fairly unprecedented, Armenians have a long history of roadblocks in Hollywood. The first film to chronicle the genocide was a 1919 silent called “Ravished Armenia.” In the mid '30s, MGM began pre-production on an adaptation of Franz Werfel's “The Forty Days of Musa Dagh,” with Clark Gable to star. But under pressure from the Turkish government, it was scuttled.
Elia Kazan's “America America” (1963), an immigrant's odyssey modeled after Kazan's family's own experience, began with persecution of Armenians and Greeks. But the films to most capture Armenian persecution have been made outside Hollywood, by international filmmakers like Atom Egoyan (2002's “Ararat”) and Fatih Akin (2014's “The Cut”).
“The Promise,” bankrolled by the Kerkorian Foundation, was also made totally outside the studio system. Its makers are donating all proceeds to nonprofit organizations, and intend to use the PG-13-rated film as an education tool in schools. Its release has been timed to the April 24 anniversary of the genocide.
“One of the big things for us was taking the darkness of the Armenian genocide and moving it into the light,” said producer Eric Esrailian, a Los Angeles physician and friend to Kerkorian. “Genocide denial is one phase of genocide. The way systematic denial has tried to crush it and bury the truth for so many years, it's amazing to see it all come to light now.”
“The Promise” was modeled after epics like “Doctor Zhivago” and “Casablanca,” charting a love story across wartime. Most of the horrors occur off-screen. Kerkorian, who died in 2015, dreamed of a classical treatment that would render the Armenia plight with the grandeur it has long been denied.
“It's still a movie,” said Esrailian. “It's not a political statement. It's just the truth.”
Bale, who plays an Associated Press correspondent in the film, was drawn to the altruistic nature of the project. “To my shame, I knew nothing about the Armenian genocide,” said Bale. “When I first read the script, it was an uncanny moment.”
They suspect many are like they are: only vaguely aware of the events, even though they were extensively covered by the press at the time. Hitler even cited the lack of remembrance of the Armenians as justification for the Holocaust. Still, the U.S. government in recent decades has declined to classify it genocide, despite the promises of some presidents, including Barack Obama , to do so. Turkey is a valuable NATO ally to the U.S. in, among other things, the fight against the Islamic State.
“I really only hope that the film can help and not actually exacerbate any problems,” said Bale. “But to me, it doesn't take a genius to see that there's an embarrassment to having to acknowledge the atrocities that occurred in the birthing of a nation. It happens to many nations.”
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP
A new top prosecutor has taken over as district attorney in Bernalillo County for the first time in 16 years.
Raul Torrez was sworn on Sunday in a private ceremony at the 2nd Judicial District offices.
They replace Kari Brandenburg, who had been district attorney since 2001 and chose not to seek re-election.
The state's most populous county has seen high crime rates, a steep criminal case backlog, and a fractured relationship between the DA and law enforcement.
Torrez is a former assistant U.S. attorney, assistant attorney general and assistant district attorney. They promise to reform the criminal justice system to ensure public safety.
A public swearing-in ceremony will be held Tuesday.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The one-and-only Christina Aguilera teamed up with Plainfield native Melissa McCarthy and late night talk show host James Corden for a "Carpool Karaoke." And it's da bomb, y'all.Aguilera is without a doubt one of the best voices on the planet today. McCarthy, well, they get an A for effort and an A for some mad rap skills.Check out the full clip below. Start watching at 3:08 to see McCarthy's pop-in appearance. By the way, Aguilera plays themselves in McCarthy's new film, "Life of the Party," which is due in theaters May 11.Hell in a Handbag production is at it again. This time with "L'Imitation of Life," a parody of the 1959 film, "Imitation of Life," starring Lana Turner.Ed Jones hilariously plays Turner at their sluttiest and desperate for attention and a starring role in just about anything! Robert Williams brilliantly plays Annie Johnson, an African-American woman who is Turner's maid trying to raise their light-skinned daughter, Sarah Jane, in a white world. Turner plays a widow and single mom also raising a daughter. The show has some out and out hilarious moments, but it also has some fantastically poignant moments too from Williams and actor Ashley J. Hicks who plays Sarah Jane.The ending is a bit over the top for me, but all in all it's a fun show and enjoyable with friends. "L'Imitation of Life" plays Stage 773 in Chicago's Lakeview neighborhood at 1225 W. Belmont through May 6, 2018.Visit HandbagProductions.org for tickets.Say it ain't so? "Grease," the movie musical starring John Travolta and Olivia Newton-John, turns 40! Yes, 40! Travolta plays the sexy and cocky Danny. Newton-John plays Sandy, an Australian exchange student. That's a stretch! The two have a summer fling and go their separate ways until Sandy's family decides not to go back to Australia and they end up at Rydell High, the same high school as Danny. With catchy songs and fantastic dance numbers, "Grease" was a hit from the start. 40 years later, "Grease" is still the word. Check it out now on DVD, Blu-ray and Digital HD from Paramount Home Media.Another great film out on DVD, Blu-ray and Digital is "Hostiles" starring Christian Bale and Rosamund Pike. Entertainment Weekly called it "the first great Western since 1992' 'Unforgiven.'" Set in 1892, "Hostiles" tells the story of an Army captain, played by Bale, who reluctantly agrees to escort a dying Cheyenne war chief and their family back to tribal lands. They meet a young widow along the way, played by Pike, and together they join forces to overcome the punishing landscape, hostile Comanche Indians, and ruthless outliers along the way. "Hostiles" is now available from Lionsgate Home Entertainment.
March 29 Beijing Bewinner Communications Co., Ltd.:
* Says the co proposed to pay a cash dividend of 1.1 yuan for every 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 12 new shares for every 10 shares, as the dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/p9Boi1
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SARASOTA, Fla. (AP) - A Florida high school student stirred a backlash when they held up a sign with a racially offensive message to invite their girlfriend to the prom.
The Herald-Tribune reports the 18-year-old Riverview High School student's sign read: "If I was black, I'd be picking cotton, but I'm white, so I'm picking u 4 proms."
After a photo of the sign was posted on Snapchat and shared across social media, school officials say they're investigating.
Sarasota school district spokesperson Tracey Beeker says administrators have spoken to the student and their parents.
In a robocall to Riverview parents, acting principal Kathy Wilks said the school does not "condone or support" the student's message.
An NAACP official encouraged school administrators to issue a district-wide response making it clear that the sign was inappropriate.
Only 21 percent of Long Island households rent their homes — a small figure compared to neighboring tri-state regions where renters make up a third or more of the housing market, U.S. Census data show. There is a “substantial pent-up demand” in the tri-state area and on Long Island for apartments in walkable downtowns with access to mass transit, according to a recent Center for Real Estate and Urban Analysis study at The George Washington University School of Business. The rental market is starting to meet the demand. Here are 11 Long Island downtowns with new or planned apartment buildings.
Great Neck Plaza (Credit: Audrey C. Tiernan) (Credit: Audrey C. Tiernan) Great Neck Plaza has 91 apartment buildings, providing rental units at a range of prices, Mayor Jean Celender says. The latest include 93 rentals at the Maestro, where there are 19 affordable units (“affordable'' means that the rent for the unit is set at 30 percent of the combined annual gross income of all persons in the household), and the 191-unit Avalon Great Neck rental community. A 30-unit apartment building at 5 Grace Ave. is slated for completion in September. The 0.3-square-mile village features arts, parks, mass transit and about 260 stores. “We have a lot of facilities that are accessible to our residents,” Celender says. Pictured: A 30-unit building at 5 Grace Ave.
Great Neck Plaza: $3,550 a month 5 Grace Ave., Apartment 3A The 752-square-foot one-bedroom apartment includes a stainless-steel kitchen with quartz countertops, an Italian porcelain bathroom with a Jacuzzi tub, wood floors and a 50-foot balcony. The doorman-staffed building includes a roof deck. One-month security deposit is required. Small pets are allowed with landlord approval and an additional deposit. Wendy Sanders, Douglas Elliman Real Estate, 516-498-2119
Rockville Centre (Credit: Uli Seit) (Credit: Uli Seit) The second phase of an AvalonBay development features 165 mostly studio and one-bedroom apartments for rent, adding to 349 neighboring apartments completed in 2011. “The retailers in downtown and the restaurant and bar owners came up and asked us if we'd be interested in doing another phase,” says Matthew Whalen, an AvalonBay senior vice president. “It was a really great experience.” Mayor Francis Murray says that they hope the complex will help “stop the brain drain” by allowing more young people to stay on Long Island. In addition to AvalonBay, recent construction includes new developments on Maple and Morris avenues.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
Rockville Centre: $1,880 a month (Credit: AvalonBay Communities) (Credit: AvalonBay Communities) 80-100 Banks Ave., Apartment 003-241 The 470-square-foot second-floor studio will include upgraded interior finishes, including lighting, carpeting and flooring, Energy Star appliances, and a washer and dryer when it becomes available Aug. 25. This is for a 15-month lease. Amenities include a clubhouse, gym, heated pool and dog-walking path around half of 100 Banks Ave. Dogs are allowed (with some breed restrictions) in the nonsmoking complex. AvalonBay Communities, 866-956-5149
Long Beach (Credit: Linda Rosier) (Credit: Linda Rosier) Long Beach rebounded from superstorm Sandy with an influx of youth, foodie destinations and a restored walking and biking-friendly infrastructure. A former bank at 249 E. Park Ave. will become 23 one-bedroom apartments. Already, the city has about 20 rental buildings and about 7,235 rental units, says city spokesperson Gordon Tepper. “There's always a need for rental apartments here,” says Building Department Commissioner Scott Kemins. “People would love to rent down here and be right on the boardwalk and the water.” The waterfront setting features frequent train service to Manhattan. Pictured: The Long Beach boardwalk area.
Long Beach: $2,200 a month (Credit: Crystal House) (Credit: Crystal House) 630 Shore Rd. Available at the Crystal House rental complex, the 936-square-foot one-bedroom apartment has water views, hardwood and tile floors, multiple closets and a balcony. There is a $2,200 security deposit for the smoke-free building. On-site parking is available at an extra charge. No pets.
Crystal House Management Office, 516-889-2056
Mineola (Credit: Uli Seit) (Credit: Uli Seit) A master plan crafted with resident input, plentiful Manhattan-bound trains and development opportunities in the heart of Nassau County's government hub sparked a sharp increase in new rentals. “Developers have seen the benefits of building in Mineola, and the residents and board have seen the benefits of working together with the developers,” says Mayor Scott Strauss. Upon completion, One Third Avenue will add 315 rental units. A 266-unit building on Mineola Boulevard at Second Street will include retail on the first floor and a new village green. And 192 more rentals are planned for the former Corpus Christi School site.
Mineola: $2,633-$3,270 a month (Credit: Bozzuto Management Company) (Credit: Bozzuto Management Company) 140 Old Country Rd. This LEED Gold-certified building, constructed by Mill Creek Residential, was once known as Modera Mineola and is now known as The Allure Mineola. It offers 275 pet-friendly rentals and includes a dog-washing station, a clubhouse, a gym, a pool and a cybercafe. The 752-square-foot one-bedroom apartment includes quartz surfaces and a loft that is open to a living room/kitchen below. Bozzuto Management Co., 844-798-5816
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
Westbury (Credit: Uli Seit) (Credit: Uli Seit) Home to The Space at Westbury performing arts center, the village has added more than 600 multifamily homes in eight years — including rentals. “These units have added more foot traffic, and our downtown has virtually no vacancies,” says Mayor Peter Cavallaro. On Corporate Drive, the Beechwood Organization's Vanderbilt will offer 24-hour concierge service and fine dining for 178 one- and two-bedroom rentals and 17 hotel suites. Leasing begins in August, with one-bedrooms starting at $3,495 a month and two-bedrooms at $4,355 a month.The village won a $10 million grant from Gov. Andrew Cuomo's Downtown Revitalization Initiative, which is designed to advance smart growth and transit-oriented development initiatives. The grant will be used to create a new zone in the downtown's Maple Union Triangle area, Cavallaro says, which could eventually lead to more rental developments.
Westbury: $3,150 a month (Credit: Douglas Elliman Real Estate) (Credit: Douglas Elliman Real Estate) 130 Post Ave., Apartment 401 The doorman building includes a rooftop deck, a gym and an in-ground heated gunite pool. The two-bedroom, 2½-bath duplex includes a private terrace. Cats and small dogs are allowed, according to a listing. Stuart Bayer and Carolyn Gelb, Douglas Elliman Real Estate, 516-629-2223 and 516-627-2800, respectively.
Glen Cove (Credit: Jeff Bachner) (Credit: Jeff Bachner) An array of new rentals are on the horizon in Glen Cove, where RXR's $1 billion Garvies Point development will yield 541 rental apartments along with its 569 condos upon completion in 2022. The mixed-use Piazza project will add another 142 one- and two-bedroom apartments aimed at college students and young professionals. Mayor Reginald Spinello says the projects are part of Glen Cove's evolution “from a bedroom community to a destination location.”
Glen Cove: $1,650 a month (Credit: Glen Arms Apartments) (Credit: Glen Arms Apartments) 21 Brewster St., Apartment 442 The 794-square-foot, one-bedroom in the Glen Arms apartment complex includes high-speed internet, wall-to-wall carpeting, a combination living-dining room, two air conditioners and a terrace. A $30 credit check will determine whether tenants pay one or two months' security. No dogs allowed. Glen Arms Apartments, 516-759-9210
Farmingdale (Credit: Heather Walsh) (Credit: Heather Walsh) Mayor Ralph Ekstrand describes Farmingdale as “a poster child for transit-oriented development” in which downtown apartments are a short walk from restaurants, shops and trains, and a car-free lifestyle is within reach. There has been more than $120 million in residential and retail development in recent years; following a master plan adopted in 2012, more than 200 apartments have been occupied and another 100 are under construction.
ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISE HERE
Farmingdale: $3,500 a month (Credit: Staller Associates) (Credit: Staller Associates) 231 Main St., Apartment 305 At the Lofts at Farmingdale, a 17-unit steel-and-concrete building with one- and two-bedroom rental apartments, this 1,316-square-foot loft has two bedrooms and two bathrooms, plus 18-foot ceilings and polished concrete floors. There is a $1,000 security deposit in the nonsmoking building, where dogs up to 40 pounds are permitted. Staller Associates, 631-234-7711
Huntington (Credit: Veronique Louis) (Credit: Veronique Louis) The Paramount is the heart of a downtown where culture and dining share top billing with new apartments. “From morning until evening, there is activity,” says Huntington Township Chamber of Commerce chairperson Brian Yudewitz. In and around the downtown, 40 apartments are under construction, either atop storefronts or in new mixed-use buildings such as the 26-apartment Ice House complex, formerly home to the Consolidated/Huntington Ice Co. and later a Losquadro Ice Group facility, on Stewart Avenue. Another 25 have approvals in hand, while a dozen more proposals are pending, according to statistics provided by Huntington Town spokesperson A.J. Carter. Closer to the train station, 16 apartments at the corner of Northridge Street and New York Avenue are under construction, while an application has been submitted for 66 studios at the corner of Olive Street and Route 110. Both are being built as part of nearby Huntington Station revitalization efforts.
Huntington: $2,900 a month (Credit: Signature Premier Properties) (Credit: Signature Premier Properties) 266 Main St., second floor The one-bedroom apartment above Spa Adriana features bamboo floors, a steam shower, custom wood cabinetry and stainless steel appliances. A one-month security deposit is required. It is a nonsmoking building and no pets are allowed. Jamie Pastorelli, Signature Premier Properties, 631-673-3700
Bay Shore (Credit: Greenview Properties/Uli Seit) (Credit: Greenview Properties/Uli Seit) The gateway to Fire Island is also a booming rental hub, says Bay Shore-Brightwaters Chamber of Commerce president Donna Periconi. About 300 new rental apartments are coming in the next two years, including 32 at Village Place across from the community bandshell and 90 at the North District Lofts, set to open next spring. “In order to have a vibrant downtown, you need to have people living above,” Periconi says. Greymore Flats, a 30-unit building with 20 one-bedroom apartments and 10 two-bedroom duplexes with roof decks, is a recent addition. Pictured: Greymore Flats
Bay Shore: $1,875 a month (Credit: Greenview Properties) (Credit: Greenview Properties) 19 N. Clinton Ave., Apartment 201 At Greymore Flats, a one-bedroom unit includes a washer and dryer, on-site parking and a stainless steel kitchen, says developer Larry Gargano of Greenview Properties. A one-month security deposit is required in the nonsmoking building. Dogs are allowed, with breed and weight restrictions. Greenview Properties, 631-339-1492
Patchogue (Credit: Veronique Louis) (Credit: Veronique Louis) In recent years, Patchogue's leaders have leveraged assets such as its community theater and sewer infrastructure to fuel revitalization and attract developers. TriTec's 291-unit New Village complex and 45 affordable live-and-work units at Artspace's Patchogue Lofts (rents range from $890-$1,570 depending on income qualification; the rent is based on a percentage of gross annual household income) and other residential and retail development generated tens of millions of dollars in investment, says Mayor Paul Pontieri. Increased competition has encouraged established landlords to upgrade their offerings. “We're hoping some of the other apartment complexes take that lead,” Pontieri says.
Pictured: TriTec's 291-unit New Village complex
Patchogue: $1,650 a month (Credit: Fairfield Properties) (Credit: Fairfield Properties) 234 River Ave. Fairfield Creekside along Tuthills Creek is a mix of studio, one- and two-bedroom rentals. Amenities include limited boat docking space and proximity to Fire Island ferries; updated interiors include stainless steel appliances and granite surfaces and floors. This price is for a 720-square-foot one-bedroom unit. All applicants pay a $60 nonrefundable credit check fee; a $200 application fee is applied to the first month's rent for approved lessees. There is a minimum one-month security deposit; pets under 45 pounds allowed with additional fees and security deposits. Fairfield Properties, 631-475-8922
Riverhead (Credit: Conifer Realty) (Credit: Conifer Realty) Recent development in Riverhead has placed an emphasis on affordable housing. The income-restricted Summerwind Square has 52 rentals, and a former Woolworth's building was reworked for 20 affordable apartments and retail on the first floor. Market-rate development includes Georgica Green's 117-unit Main Street project, which is approaching the end of planning stages, says Town Supervisor Sean Walter. Of another 70 affordable rentals in the works, 45 are slated for Peconic Crossing, where artists will get priority. “There's not too many places you're going to go have workforce housing on the waterfront,” Walter says. Pictured: Peconic Crossing
OMAHA, Neb. — Authorities say a state-required DNA test for a Nebraska prison inmate links them to four rapes reported more than 10 years ago in Omaha.
The Omaha World-Herald reports that Douglas County Attorney Don Kleine says they intend to charge Brandon Weathers with rapes committed in 2002 and 2004.
Weathers already is serving 100 to 160 years for raping a 13-year-old child.
The newspaper reported in April that more than 70 inmates had refused to provide DNA samples as required by state law.
A June 5 court order gave officials authority to use force to obtain Weathers' sample if they again refused. They did, so guards held them down and took a sample from a cheek.
Russian SU-25 jet fighter, flying over the Idlib de-escalation zone in Syria, was shot down allegedly by a man-portable air-defense system on February 3. The pilot managed to bail, but was killed while fighting with militants.
Following the attack Russian Air Forces conducted a high-precision group strike in the area controlled by terrorist group Jabhat Fatah al-Sham [previously known as al-Nusra Front], from where the missile that downed the Russian jet fighter was allegedly launched.
The video footage and photos of the incident shared in social networks, shows the aftermath of the attack.
Another video supposedly depicts the Russian plane hit by MANPAD.
Hackers on Sunday defaced India's elite National Security Guard's website and left anti-India messages.
The hackers who identified themselves as the ‘Alone Injector' left a message for Indian Prime Minister Narendar Modi and also uploaded an showing Indian police brutality in occupied Kashmir.
The hackers identifying themselves as ‘Alone Injector' also left a message for the India Forces mocking them for staging a false surgical strike. A message reading “Pakistan Zindabad' was also placed on the home screen.
Indian media blamed Pakistani hackers for the attack citing pro-Pakistan slogans. However, no hacking group has claimed responsibility as yet.
CLOSE Sixers guard Ben Simmons on preparing for the playoffs and Brett Brown on loss to Pacers on March 12, 2018. Martin Frank/The News Journal
Charlotte Hornets' Dwight Howard, center right, goes up to shoot against Philadelphia 76ers' Joel Embiid, center left, during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Philadelphia. (Photo: Matt Slocum, AP)
PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Joel Embiid had 25 points and 19 rebounds and Ben Simmons had a triple-double to lead the Philadelphia 76ers to a 108-94 win over the Charlotte Hornets on Monday night.
Simmons had 11 points, 12 rebounds and 15 assists to help the Sixers keep alive their shot at finishing fourth in the Eastern Conference and earning home-court advantage in the first round of the playoffs.
The 76ers have one of the easiest schedules of any team the rest of the season. The Sixers would have to pass Washington and Indiana to grab the No. 4 seed and stave off a potential Toronto or Boston matchup for at least a round.
"Our goal is to make the playoffs," coach Brett Brown said. "Now, seemingly, we are pretty close to doing that. Now we all get greedy and say, 'Let's get a home court.' And I'm the captain of that new club. And it can only happen if we guard. And that's the message to our team."
How's this for D?
Philadelphia 76ers' JJ Redick, bottom, goes up to shoot past Charlotte Hornets' Kemba Walker during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Philadelphia. (Photo: Matt Slocum, AP)
The Hornets missed 17 of 21 shots in the third (1 of 5 on 3s) to crush their chances of stretching a seven-point halftime lead.
"Nothing matters unless we play defense," Brown said. "It's how we set the tone in this program since the day I arrived."
The 76ers have had countless dark days since Brown arrived in 2013.
The 19-, 18- and 10-win seasons that give birth to The Process have paid off this year, and the Sixers are set to reach the playoffs for the first time since 2012.
They are the favorites in the majority of their games and have become the team that now has to worry about playing down to the level of their competition.
Philadelphia could never really shake Charlotte until late.
Philadelphia 76ers' Ben Simmons (25) goes up for a dunk as Dario Saric (9) and Charlotte Hornets' Michael Kidd-Gilchrist (14) look on during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Philadelphia. (Photo: Matt Slocum, AP)
Embiid hit two straight 3s and JJ Redick hit one to give the Sixers a 58-56 lead in the third. Marco Belinelli hit consecutive 3s late in the third to make it 72-64. They hit one more 3 for a 10-point lead to help the Sixers beat their third straight sub.-500 team (New York, Brooklyn).
Embiid hit one more 3 at the top of the arc to close the quarter.
Dario Saric hit a 3 in the fourth for an 88-83 lead and Robert Covington, who scored 18 points, sealed it with Philadelphia's 16th 3 of the game for a 12-point edge late in the fourth.
Kemba Walker led the Hornets, coming off a 124-101 loss to the Knicks, with 24 points. Wily Hernangomez scored 17 points off the bench in just 12 minutes in the first half to help the Hornets lead 56-49 at the break.
TIP-INS
Hornets: The Hornets made all 14 free throws in the first half. ... Hernangomez scored 15 points in the second quarter. ... Jeremy Lamb started in place of injured guard Nicolas Batum (Achilles).
76ers: The 76ers went just 3 for 4 from the free-throw line in the first half. ... The loudest ovation of the night came when Hernangomez missed two straight free throws in the third to win every fan a free fast-food treat. ... Allen Iverson was in the house.
A new report by the Illinois state comptroller paints an even more bleak picture of the Illinois' finances than previously thought.The state went without a budget during Gov. Bruce Rauner's first two and half years in office.As a result, the backlog of the state's unpaid bills now tops $1.1 billion in late-interest payment penalties."It's never been this polarized or probably this partisan politically as it is today," said former Republican state Sen. Kirk Dillard, who served from 1994-2004."Never seen it like this, no, see, never seen it like this it's terrible, it's really terrible," said former Democratic state Sen. Emil Jones Jr., who served from 1983-2009, and was Senate president from 2003 to the end of their term.The report shows late payment interest penalties now total $1.139 billion -- that's $100 million more than the combined $1.039 billion racked up during the four previous administrations between 1998 and 2015."Illinois' inaction and political gridlock has a price, it's billions of dollars, billions of dollars that can be used for education, or law enforcement or mental health services, or paying down public pension debt," Dillard said."Well, it's going to be very difficult to come to an agreement on the budget, because it's a gubernatorial election year," Jones said.Dillard said part of the problem is Gov. Rauner's massive war chest which has reduced their need to build coalitions. They say the same situation could result if J.B. Pritzker gets elected because of all their money."What needs to change is the state's got to realize that it is wasting, literally wasting, billions of dollars," Dillard said.Jones said he's grateful he's no longer in politics."I'm glad I'm not down there now, it'll drive you nuts," Jones said.
Facebook users will soon be able to send a variety of 'greetings to interact with their friends in a unique way. Apart from 'Poke', a feature that has existed for more than a decade, users will now be able to send greetings like a wink, a high-five, a hug and a wave.
According to a report in The Nation, the options are under trial in markets like Britain, Thailand, Australia, Canada, Columbia, and France. Interestingly, the new Facebook feature has been released in line with the tenth anniversary of the poke. And yes it's been there for that long.
So basically, under the 'Hello' button on your friend's profile, the new options can be seen by just holding the button. On a desktop, a simple hover over the 'Hello' button will show the alternatives.
These work in a similar way the 'Reactions' on a photo or status work. Facebook introduced the 'Hello' button in June and placed it at the top of people's profiles. The new greetings also have an undo button for an accidental send and this should be pretty useful.
However, these new greetings seem to be more defined and they seem to have some purpose as compared to the "Poke" feature which no one knew exactly what it was for. Even, Facebook itself had acknowledged that 'poke' had no defined purpose at all.
Besides we are assuming that Facebook might have thought it would be cool to have a feature without any specific purpose and further people could interpret the poke in many different ways. Meanwhile, on its help page, Facebook has just stated, "People can poke their friends or friends of friends on Facebook. When you poke someone, they'll get a notification."
Source: IANS
By The Associated Press
All Times EST AMERICAN CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div New England 10 2 0 .833 348 223 4-2-0 6-0-0 7-1-0 3-1-0 3-0-0 Buffalo 7 6 0 .538 240 290 5-2-0 2-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 1-2-0 Miami 5 7 0 .417 209 298 3-3-0 2-4-0 4-4-0 1-3-0 1-2-0 N.Y. Jets 5 8 0 .385 266 311 4-3-0 1-5-0 5-5-0 0-3-0 2-3-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Jacksonville 9 4 0 .692 329 202 5-2-0 4-2-0 8-2-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Tennessee 8 5 0 .615 273 294 5-1-0 3-4-0 7-4-0 1-1-0 4-1-0 Houston 4 9 0 .308 312 335 3-4-0 1-5-0 3-6-0 1-3-0 1-3-0 Indianapolis 3 10 0 .231 212 343 2-4-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 1-3-0 1-4-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Pittsburgh 11 2 0 .846 320 251 5-1-0 6-1-0 8-1-0 3-1-0 5-0-0 Baltimore 7 6 0 .538 318 246 4-2-0 3-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 2-2-0 Cincinnati 5 8 0 .385 226 271 3-4-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 0-2-0 2-3-0 Cleveland 0 13 0 .000 197 335 0-7-0 0-6-0 0-10-0 0-3-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away AFC NFC Div Kansas City 7 6 0 .538 329 289 4-2-0 3-4-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 3-1-0 L.A. Chargers 7 6 0 .538 298 225 4-3-0 3-3-0 4-5-0 3-1-0 2-2-0 Oakland 6 7 0 .462 264 304 4-3-0 2-4-0 5-6-0 1-1-0 2-3-0 Denver 4 9 0 .308 229 315 4-3-0 0-6-0 3-7-0 1-2-0 2-3-0 NATIONAL CONFERENCE East W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div y-Philadelphia 11 2 0 .846 404 250 6-0-0 5-2-0 9-1-0 2-1-0 4-0-0 Dallas 7 6 0 .538 316 294 3-4-0 4-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 4-1-0 Washington 5 8 0 .385 285 344 3-3-0 2-5-0 4-6-0 1-2-0 1-4-0 N.Y. Giants 2 11 0 .154 199 321 1-5-0 1-6-0 0-9-0 2-2-0 0-4-0 South W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div New Orleans 9 4 0 .692 370 263 5-1-0 4-3-0 7-3-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Carolina 9 4 0 .692 300 262 4-2-0 5-2-0 5-4-0 4-0-0 2-2-0 Atlanta 8 5 0 .615 294 261 4-3-0 4-2-0 7-2-0 1-3-0 2-1-0 Tampa Bay 4 9 0 .308 264 312 3-3-0 1-6-0 2-7-0 2-2-0 0-3-0 North W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div Minnesota 10 3 0 .769 309 235 5-1-0 5-2-0 8-2-0 2-1-0 3-1-0 Detroit 7 6 0 .538 338 329 2-4-0 5-2-0 6-4-0 1-2-0 3-1-0 Green Bay 7 6 0 .538 285 302 4-3-0 3-3-0 5-4-0 2-2-0 2-2-0 Chicago 4 9 0 .308 224 274 2-5-0 2-4-0 1-9-0 3-0-0 0-4-0 West W L T Pct PF PA Home Away NFC AFC Div L.A. Rams 9 4 0 .692 396 265 4-3-0 5-1-0 6-4-0 3-0-0 3-1-0 Seattle 8 5 0 .615 314 252 4-2-0 4-3-0 6-3-0 2-2-0 4-0-0 Arizona 6 7 0 .462 231 317 4-3-0 2-4-0 3-6-0 3-1-0 2-3-0 San Francisco 3 10 0 .231 228 314 1-5-0 2-5-0 2-9-0 1-1-0 0-5-0
y-clinched division
___
Thursday's Games
Atlanta 20, New Orleans 17
Sunday's Games
Dallas 30, N.Y. Giants 10
Carolina 31, Minnesota 24
Chicago 33, Cincinnati 7
Kansas City 26, Oakland 15
Detroit 24, Tampa Bay 21
Buffalo 13, Indianapolis 7, OT
Green Bay 27, Cleveland 21, OT
San Francisco 26, Houston 16
Denver 23, N.Y. Jets 0
Arizona 12, Tennessee 7
L.A. Chargers 30, Washington 13
Jacksonville 30, Seattle 24
Philadelphia 43, L.A. Rams 35
Pittsburgh 39, Baltimore 38
Monday's Games
New England at Miami, 8:30 p.m.
Thursday, Dec. 14
Denver at Indianapolis, 8:25 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Chicago at Detroit, 4:30 p.m.
L.A. Chargers at Kansas City, 8:25 p.m.
Sunday, Dec. 17
Philadelphia at N.Y. Giants, 1 p.m.
Cincinnati at Minnesota, 1 p.m.
Houston at Jacksonville, 1 p.m.
Arizona at Washington, 1 p.m.
N.Y. Jets at New Orleans, 1 p.m.
Miami at Buffalo, 1 p.m.
Green Bay at Carolina, 1 p.m.
Baltimore at Cleveland, 1 p.m.
L.A. Rams at Seattle, 4:05 p.m.
New England at Pittsburgh, 4:25 p.m.
Tennessee at San Francisco, 4:25 p.m.
Dallas at Oakland, 8:30 p.m.
Monday, Dec. 18
Atlanta at Tampa Bay, 8:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
ADIPEC Increases CEO Line-up for Global Business Leaders Conference
Four Strategic Global Business Leader Panels Will Feature Oil and Gas Industry's Most Powerful Decision Makers. CEO Speakers Represent Multinational Oil Majors, National Oil Companies, Oilfield Services and Industry Finance.
Delegates at this year's Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (ADIPEC) will have more opportunities than ever to hear some of the oil and gas industry's most powerful executives speak in open-invite conference sessions, after organisers confirmed they will increase the number of Global Business Leader panels for 2017.
Held under the patronage of Their Highness Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, President of the UAE, hosted by the Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC), and organised by the Global Energy division of dmg events, ADIPEC has a successful history of attracting the industry's top CEOs as speakers.
The separate Global Business Leader panels were launched in 2015 with two sessions. The positive response saw a third session added in 2016, and organisers will include a fourth panel discussion for 2017. With this year seeing ADIPEC expand to include downstream industries for the first time, an additional programme will include three Downstream Global Business Leader panels.
“ADIPEC is unique for its ability to attract such a broad group of industry seniors to an annual event, driven by the market power of the region's NOCs and their IOC partners,” said Ali Khalifa Al Shamsi, CEO, Al Yasat Petroleum Operations Co. Ltd and ADIPEC 2017 Chairman. “Nowhere else will industry professionals get such an insight into the strategic thinking guiding the industry forward, from individuals whose decisions are critical to the future of oil and gas businesses.”
With planning for ADIPEC entering its final weeks, organisers have confirmed the involvement of 13 CEOs for the Global Business Leader panels and are in talks with many more across the global industry. A further nine CEOs have been confirmed for the Downstream Global Business Leader programme
Beyond the conference programme, CEOs convene at ADIPEC to do business and sign deals, offering conference delegates an opportunity not only to learn from the best, but also to grow their business and find new opportunities.
The confirmed CEO speakers include Bob Dudley, Group Chief Executive at UK-headquartered multinational, BP; Datuk Zulkiflee W. Ariffin, President and Group CEO of Malaysian national oil company, Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas); Patrick Pouyanné, Chairman and CEO of France's Total; Vagit Alekperov, President, Member of the Board of Directors, and Chairman of the Management Committee, at Russia's Lukoil; Musabbeh Al Kaabi, CEO, Petroleum and Petrochemicals, Mubadala Investment Company; Mario Mehren, Chairman of the Board of Executive Directors, Wintershall; Toshiaki Kitamura, President and CEO at Japan's INPEX Corporation; and Claudio Descalzi, CEO at Italian multinational, Eni.
Their individual perspectives include experience at some of the world's largest vertically integrated oil and gas companies, including two of the industry ‘supermajors', operating across a diverse range of international markets, both in terms of exploration and production, and in terms of sales.
They will be joined by the heads of three of the biggest international suppliers of oilfield services: David Dickson, President and Chief Executive Officer at McDermott; Mark McCollum, CEO at Weatherford, and Lorenzo Simonelli, President and CEO at Baker Hughes, a GE company.
Offering a regional perspective on oil and gas investment will be Mansour Al Mulla, Chief Financial Officer, Petroleum and Petrochemicals, Mubadala Investment Company, while Brian Gilvary, Group Chief Financial Officer at BP, will offer an international view.
“ADIPEC is the leading event for the global oil and gas industry, and that is reflected in the status of speakers we consistently attract for our conference programme,” said Christopher Hudson, President – Global Energy at dmg events. “The executives who have agreed to be part of our Global Business Leader panels are among those whose decisions shape the future of the industry, and who are most qualified to discuss the path forward for oil and gas in the coming years.”
With ADIPEC 2017 to be held under the theme ‘Forging Ties, Driving Growth', the four Global Business Leader panels will focus on strategies that can deliver continuing business success, with discussion of the most pressing topics facing the sector today. There will also be a highly focused session on energy finance, investment, consolidation and diversification.
“The oil and gas industry continues to be a key driver for the global economy, but the market is changing, and industry leaders must respond,” said Hudson. “ADIPEC is a platform where businesses can share ideas that will help them evolve with the commercial environment. With our invited CEO speakers for 2017, we are placing greater emphasis on leaders with a truly global footprint. Their decisions will define the future for oil and gas: pioneering new ideas and breaking boundaries, fostering relationships, and building on momentum.”
More than 10,000 delegates, 2,200 exhibiting companies, 900 speakers, and in excess of 100,000 visitors, from 135 countries, are projected to gather in Abu Dhabi for ADIPEC 2017.
In its 20th edition, ADIPEC is firmly established as the world's most influential oil and gas industry event, and the ADIPEC Conference Programme sets the standard for the exchange of best practice and operational excellence. Dedicated 2017 conference sessions include offshore and marine, women in energy and security in energy, along with global downstream technical sessions. The downstream sessions are new for this year, emphasising downstream expansion, diversification, integration, and technology innovation and R&D.
Other features include the ADIPEC Awards, which celebrate excellence in energy; Young ADIPEC, designed to encourage students to choose a career in energy; and the exclusive VIP programme briefings for members of the Middle East Petroleum Club.
ADIPEC will be held at Abu Dhabi National Exhibition Centre from 13 to 16 November 2017.
Source: Company Press Release
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tesco has launched another baby and toddler sale for parents this Spring.
Deals include a third off toys from Fisher Price, Nattou and Munchkin, as well as 25% off car seats, stair and bed guards and baby monitors.
The supermarket has also lowered the prices on some of its larger items including prams, carriers, nursery furniture and bedding as part of the seasonal sale.
(Image: Tesco)
And that's not all.
Even all the little bits and bobs you need for a newborn or a toddler are included. Shoppers can find feeding products, thermometers and bath toy sets just to name a few.
Supermarket baby and toddler sales are nothing new; Tesco, Asda and Sainsbury's regularly hold discount events alongside specialists such as Mothercare.
Best Buys
Parents will be glad to know that you can also pick up some furniture deals with some big savings.
Here's our favourites with the biggest savings.
Save £165 on this Chicco Urban Plus 3 in 1 Travel System now just £310 (reduced from £475).
(Image: Tesco)
Save £249 on the Tutti Bambini Lucas three-piece nursery room set, now just £750 (reduced from £999).
(Image: Tesco)
Save £21 on the Fisher Price Rainforest Friends SpaceSaver Jumperoo, now just £59 (reduced from £80).
(Image: Tesco)
Save £41 on the Tutti Bambini GC35 glider nursing chair in white, now just £159 (reduced from £200).
(Image: Tesco)
See the full details of the offers available HERE on the Tesco website.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MOOSIC -- A restaurant in Lackawanna County has a new name and a new mission.
The place at the Shoppes at Montage wants to focus on using locally grown foods, thus its name: Harvest.
The owner of Doc Magrogan's closed their restaurant in Moosic back in January to rebrand it into their successful farm-to-table concept.
"This is just their passion," said general manager Stephanie Sluck. "He's all about, 'give, love, serve,' and giving back to the community, so using all the local area farmers and purveyors is what their motto is all about."
The newly branded restaurant at the Shoppes at Montage officially opened to the public for lunch.
"We were regulars when it was Doc Magrogan's for many years. We're just really excited about this whole farm-to-table concept," said Christine Kiesinger.
The menu will keep a few staples all year round, but most of the menu will change throughout the year based on the growing season.
"The fact that the menu has a host of local farmers is really important to us and just the array of healthy options," Kiesinger added.
Harvest will use microgreens from Moni's Microgreens in Carbondale.
"A lot of people look at them and are like, 'what, what's that? Does it just garnish on the side of the plate?' Yes, but they're actually really nutritious," said Monica Wiseman.
Wiseman has been growing their microgreens for about six months in the upstairs kitchen of their home in Carbondale. They say couldn't believe when the chef at Harvest reached out to them
"I guess I'm just so proud because this is stuff I didn't think I'd ever see myself doing."
The 23-year-old farmer-turned-business person says she's going to have to start to expand their business and might even need to rent a property.
"I'm actually in the middle of trying to clean that room up so I can expand my office into that and turn this whole thing into microgreens. I didn't think I'd move up so quickly.
And as more crops in our area come into season, more farms around here will be sources of food for Harvest.
8th Ave closed near 42nd St. after a pipe bomb explodes at Port Authority bus terminal. One person suffered minor injuries. Traffic gridlocked inbound. pic.twitter.com/fwy8RMbVcr — Derick Waller ABC7NY (@wallerABC7) December 11, 2017
A man is in custody after an explosion Monday morning in the subway under the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan that New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio called "an attempted terrorist attack."A pipe bomb affixed to the suspect with Velcro straps detonated at about 7:20 a.m. in a passageway between subway lines that runs a full city block under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th AvenuesThe 27-year-old suspect, identified as Akayed Ullah, was injured in the arm and torso from the device that went off in their arms.He is alert and conscious but badly injured at Bellevue Hospital, sources say."Preliminary investigation at the scene indicates that this male was wearing an improvised low-tech explosive device attached to their body. They intentionally detonated that device," said NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill.The man, whose address is in Brooklyn, is from Bangladesh and has been in the United States seven years.Ullah made statements indicating they support ISIS, investigators said. They have a brother in a Brooklyn school that authorities are now trying to find.Three civilians suffered minor injuries."This was an attempted terrorist attack," said de Blasio. "Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve their ultimate goals."The bus terminal was temporarily closed but has now re-opened..The NYPD is on high alert searching for any related activity at the Port Authority and on the subway system but none has been reported so far.There was a massive police response in the area surrounding the terminal.Authorities confirm the bomb squad searched for a second possible device, which is normal procedure after an explosion.Streets were closed off in the vicinity of the bus terminal. The closures in Midtown go from 7th to 9th Avenues, and 40th to 45th Streets. No cars are allowed to exit the FDR Drive from 59th Street to 42nd StreetSubway service was disrupted throughout the morning, but service is returning to normal.--1, 2, 3, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains have resumed making station stops at Times Sq-42 St with delays.--42 St shuttle train service has resumed.--Expect delays on A, B, C, E, L and M train service in both directions.--A, C and E trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions.The NYPD, FDNY and first responders are on the scene.The White House says President Trump has been briefed on the explosion.
The lack of communication to nearby residents before several trees were felled in Kenilworth showed a lack of common courtesy, a district councillor has claimed.
Several healthy oak trees were felled on land off Rouncil Lane a couple of weeks ago, which caused heated protests.
Cllr Pat Cain has criticised the lack of communication about the felling by landowner Christine Archer
But the Forestry Commission had granted a thinning licence for up to 100 trees in the area and was satisfied the licence was being complied with.
Cllr Pat Cain, ward councillor for St John's, has now criticised the landowner Christine Archer for not informing nearby residents about the work in advance and said the angry reaction could have been avoided entirely.
They said: "The work is quite legal, but what has gone wrong is the failure of the owner to put up signs communicating the work with residents. Out of common courtesy, that should have been done.
"The people who came out to do the work had no copies of the thinning licence on them - they should have been handing them out.
The felling has stopped for the time being
"All these problems have been caused by the lack of information in the first place.
"They started felling trees within a couple of hours. People who see it think 'what?' and flare up - and quite rightly so."
The felling of the trees began on the morning of Thursday May 17 until Cllr Sue Gallagher and Joshua Tebby, the son of nearby Rouncil Farm owner Ray Tebby, turned up in protest and argued with Cllr Alan Cockburn, the leaseholder of the land and Christine Archer's brother-in-law.
Contractors then tried to start felling again on Monday May 21, but no felling actually took place after Joshua and their brother Ben, who were protesting the felling, were allegedly assaulted and police were called.
The felling was protested by nearby residents
The work was legal as the Forestry Commission had granted a thinning licence for up to 100 trees to be felled.
Despite the Forestry Commission approving the work, felling has stopped for the time being.
Christine Archer has been approached for comment.
Advertisement
MORGANTOWN, W.Va. (AP) — Gov. Jim Justice is taking their roadshow on behalf of West Virginia's $1.6 billion bond referendum to Bluefield, one last stop the day before Saturday's statewide referendum.
Justice has traveled around the state talking to residents about the highway program they say would add tens of thousands of jobs to the state economy.
The first-term governor has also argued against suspicions taxes would increase further, saying the higher gasoline tax and motor vehicle fees enacted earlier this year is sufficient.
The state list has about 600 planned projects, some in every county, to repair roads and bridges and build some new ones.
Early voting began Sept. 22.
The Legislature earlier this year approved the taxes and fees, which are already in effect, and voted to hold the bond referendum.
Related
Comments
comments
CLOSE Eagles coach Doug Pederson on Wentz's knee injury, and Nick Foles on taking over in Eagles' win. Martin Frank/The News Journal
Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz leaves the field in the third quarter Sunday after suffering a knee injury. (Photo: KELVIN KUO/AP)
LOS ANGELES - And so goes the Eagles' Super Bowl season, gone like the shot to the knee that quarterback Carson Wentz took on a dive into the end zone that didn't even count.
Oh sure, the Eagles will keep the faith and say they can keep winning with Nick Foles as the quarterback. They certainly did on Sunday as Foles led the Eagles to two field goals in the fourth quarter in their come-from-behind 43-35 win over the Los Angeles Rams.
And perhaps Foles could lead the Eagles to at least two more wins in games against the sad-sack Giants and Oakland Raiders before a likely meaningless game against the Cowboys to close the regular season (get ready for Nate Sudfeld!).
But who are we kidding?
Many are speculating that Wentz tore their ACL, which will end their season. Wentz is having an MRI on Monday morning.
The Eagles can't win in the playoffs without Wentz. And that's a devastating blow to a team was doing everything right. They had just clinched the NFC East, and took over the top spot in the NFC standings.
This isn't 1972, when Earl Morrall could step in for Bob Griese for the undefeated Miami Dolphins. Or even 1990, when Jeff Hostetler could replace Phil Simms for the New York Giants, who were built on defense behind Lawrence Taylor.
As middle linebacker Nigel Bradham put it about Wentz: "I mean, he's everything to us. It's definitely a hurting feeling."
The Eagles have overcome season-ending injuries to key players all season _ running back Darren Sproles, left tackle Jason Peters and middle linebacker Jordan Hicks.
This is different.
Wentz was on their way to an MVP season. And they were showing exactly why Sunday, throwing for 291 yards and four touchdown passes before leaving with 2:20 left in the third quarter.
There was the arm strength, the escapability, and the toughness. It turned out Wentz stayed in the game for three more plays after suffering the injury. That included what is very likely Wentz's last play of the season _ a TD pass on 4th-and-goal from the 2 to Alshon Jeffery.
Wentz couldn't run. They stood erect on that left knee, waited till the last possible second and somehow threaded the ball through two defenders to Jeffery, who caught it at their thigh.
EAGLES: Wentz leaves with knee injury, sets team record
UD FOOTBALL: Wins don't define Tubby Raymond
"I have seen the hit, so I kind of thought that when they got up, maybe he'd be alright," Jeffery said. "But [expletive], they made a hell of a throw on the touchdown. Carson is a hell of a good player, a hell of a competitor. He's our MVP."
Can Foles assume that role? They were asked after the game if they feel ready to lead the team for the rest of the regular season and the playoffs.
"I'm absolutely ready," they said. "I mean, that's why I'm here. I'm ready to go. Preparing every day, work every day, so I'm ready to go if need be."
It's just not going to be enough to win a Super Bowl. That's not a knock against Foles. In many ways, signing Foles during the offseason was a shrewd move by Eagles executive vice president for football operations Howie Roseman.
After all, Foles is better than many of the other backup quarterbacks playing now. Just ask the Green Bay Packers.
Foles was also the Eagles' starter in the 2013 and 2014 seasons. They threw 7 TDs in a game against the Oakland Raiders back in 2013, tying an NFL record.
And Foles certainly made some gutsy throws Sunday, none more so than the 3rd-and-8 pass to Nelson Agholor that went for nine yards and a first down with just under two minutes remaining.
That allowed the Eagles to drain all but the final seven seconds off the clock.
"It was really one of those things where they went in two-man coverage and it was one-on-one inside," Foles said. "Nelson did a great job of getting off their defender and I threw it away from their defender."
For one game, it worked out. But once the playoffs start, the competition will get tougher. And Foles can't escape pressure and find an open receiver the way Wentz can. Very few quarterbacks can.
The Eagles will lean on the running game and the defense more. And the defense certainly came through Sunday, with Chris Long's sack and forced fumble that Rodney McLeod recovered midway through the fourth quarter. That led to the go-ahead field goal.
"That's what you've got to have," Eagles coach Doug Pederson said. "The second half of this football game was just a gut check, and I'm just so proud of the guys for the way they battled and hung in there."
They had no choice. Wentz was out of the game, and now, he'll be out for several more.
"It sucks, man," right tackle Lane Johnson said. "He means so much to this team, this organization."
Then Johnson put a brave face on the situation when asked about Foles:
"He's a pretty good quarterback," Johnson said. "People forgot the year they had a few years ago. The guy works their tail off. I was confident when they came in that they would do just fine. They were calm. Same Nick as he's always been."
It's just much different from Wentz.
Contact Martin Frank at mfrank@delawareonline.com. Follow on Twitter @Mfranknfl.
MRC holds an Extraordinary General meeting on July 30, 2018 (KSE) Date: 03 Jul 2018 Metal and Recycling Co. holds an Extraordinary General meeting on July 30, 2018. Shareholders shall discuss increasing capital from KD 10 Mill to KD 20 Mill and amend Articles of Incorporation and Company Statute accordingly.
Karachi Board of Secondary Education has planned many corrective steps to effectively control the use of unfair means at examination centers.
BSE Chairman Professor Dr Saeed-ud-din, in an interview here, said the board authorities were definitely alive and concerned about weaknesses in the examination system. Better arrangements were needed to be made by the board, the city administration and also Sindh Education Department.
They said among various corrective measures, BSE in coordination with Sindh Education Department would hold a series of seminars and workshops from the next month to train the people involved that how to make question papers and how to assess the answer sheets in the best possible manner so that the talented and hardworking students and teachers were encouraged, and cheaters and their facilitators were discouraged.
“Type of questions papers can play an important role in containing use of unfair means,” they emphasized. BSEK Chairman admitted that they had received information that most of the private school owners used to campaign and got listed their schools as examination centres to allegedly facilitate cheating. Most of these schools are almost covered with residences, which makes it very difficult to keep vigilance and control cheating being done through different methods.
During past examinations, there were also reports of special rooms at many examinations centers especially at private schools. Senior subject teachers were used to be arranged for helping selected groups of students solve their question papers in these special rooms. They assured that the board would strictly implement its policy that government schools would be used as examination centers.
In case of non-availability, the private schools at isolated points or at least not closely surrounded with residencies would be selected for this very sensitive and important task to ensure proper monitoring by the board officials and law enforcing agencies. They also informed that the board has planned to provide furniture and other logistics to government schools, wherever required for holding examinations in better environment.
In the light of reports during last examinations, they said very effective checks including jammers would be applied to stop the use of mobile phones especially smart ones for cheating in examinations. Professor Dr Saeed-ud-din said logistic and manpower support was needed from Sindh Education and Home departments to better control cheating practices inside and from outside the examination centers.
They would also make their best efforts to control slipping of question papers outside examination centers before or during examination hours. About the post examination malpractices, they said policy and structural changes would be made to block access to examiners/teachers assessing the answer sheets, and the board officials by students and their relatives or agents for tempering with the results.
The remains of Tropical Depression Alberto moved across the Midwest Wednesday, causing rainstorms across the Chicago area and flooding in the western and northwestern suburbs.A flood warning was in effect for most of the west and northwest suburbs. DuPage County in particular saw heavy rains, and main roads in west suburban Villa Park and Elmhurst were flooded shut.In northwest suburban Schaumburg the deluge came down fast, and at the worst possible time."There was half a dozen cars on Higgins going east that were probably up to their waist in water," said Keith Weiner, driver.Water overtook some cars father than the drivers could realize what was happening."People were ripping their bumpers off because of water," said Christopher Hernandez in Schaumburg. "We saw bumpers come off."In Barrington boats had to come to the rescue, transporting people from flooded out cars to dry ground. Dark, ominous clouds rolled over Plano. Near Minooka, the aftermath is already problematic."The sewers just can't handle it. Debris comes down from the farms and seems to be clogging the drains," said Steve Zeno, resident.The west and northwest suburbs were drenched. Water overtook streets in Elgin and Lombard. In Hoffman Estates, any remotely low-lying intersection or parking lot turned into a puddle.Also in Elgin, a lightning strike may have caused a fire on the roof of a business in the 700-block of Tollgate Road, officials said.Fire officials said they received a call shortly after 5 p.m. Witnesses said they saw a flash of lightning and then smelled smoke in the building, and saw smoke coming from the roof.The fire was extinguished in about 20 minutes. No one was injured.The weather also affected operations at Chicago's airports. As of 8:30 p.m. O'Hare reported 311 cancellations and delays averaging 48 minutes, while Midway reported 15 cancellations and delays under 15 minutes.
NEW YORK (WTNH) — The New York City Police Department is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at the Port Authority Bus Terminal in New York City.
The NYPD reports that the New York City Subway A, C, and E lines are being evacuated at this time.
The NYPD is responding to reports of an explosion of unknown origin at 42nd Street and 8th Ave, #Manhattan. The A, C and E line are being evacuated at this time. Info is preliminary, more when available. pic.twitter.com/7vpNT97iLC — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
Police sources tell WABC-TV that a possible pipe bomb detonated in a passageway below ground at the Port Authority. The reported explosion took place in a MTA passageway at the terminal at 42nd Street and 8th Avenue.
One person is in custody. Only a few injuries have been reported, according to WABC.
The MTA reports that commuters should expect the following service disruptions on the subway:
1, 2, 3, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains are bypassing Times Sq-42 St in both directions.
A, C and E trains are bypassing 42 St/Port Authority-Bus Terminal in both directions.
There is no 42 St shuttle service in both directions. These service changes are because of an NYPD investigation at Times Sq-42 St.
Streets are also being closed in the vicinity of the terminal.
Mayor Bill DeBlasio has been briefed on the incident. First responders remain on the scene.
President Donald Trump has also been briefed on the situation, according to Press Secretary Sarah Sanders.
.@POTUS has been briefed on the explosion in New York City — Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) December 11, 2017
This story is still developing. News 8 will post additional details to this story as they become available.
You're reading our weekly Maker Pro Newsletter, which focuses on the impact of makers in business and technology. Our coverage includes hardware startups, new products, incubators, and innovators, along with technology and market trends. Subscribe today and never miss a post.
“If you wait, and you wake up, and you're a 1,500-person company, and you look around, and you're like ‘Whoa, we don't have any women,' it's very hard to fix it now.” – Diversity Consultant Judith Williams
Open Explorer Re-Launches
David Lang (@davidtlang), the co-founder of OpenROV (@OpenROV) and author of Make:'s “Zero to Maker,” has re-launched their Open Explorer project in collaboration with National Geographic. The goal: to do for science what the internet did for movies, music, and journalism by opening up access, creating new collaborative tools and fostering a new sense of inclusion and wonder around the scientific process.
It's an ambitious project that's shot through with maker pro values of democratization, bootstrapping, and collaboration. In practice, Open Explorer will take the form of a “digital field journal” — a site for citizen scientists to start projects, learn, and work with others.
“There's a hard line around good science — peer reviewed, hypothesis-driven, well-documented,” Lang wrote with Open Explorer manager Madeleine Foote. “Exploration can serve as a wider rallying cry — celebrating curiosity in all its forms and building a wider on-ramp. The goal is not to lower the bar of scientific contribution, but to lower the barriers.”
You can access the new Open Explorer project here.
New Dev Boards at World Maker Faire
Development boards are a backbone of hardware prototyping — and many are built on the open source hardware and software movements as well. Make: Senior Editor Caleb Kraft (@calebkraft) has a sneak preview of the dev boards you'll be able to see at Maker Faire Bay Area (@makerfaire).
A talk by BeagleBoard (@beagleboardorg) will delve into the capabilities of Revolve, a 3D printer controller built on the group's eponymous board that enthusiasts believe has great potential. Ichigo Jam will be there as well, showing off their kids-oriented game-making system. Carloop (@carloopio) will bring back its system which lets you connect a Particle (@particle) board to your automobile's internal diagnostics system. And MOVI will show off its open source voice recognition system for makers who want to hack together a DIY smart home.
(If you don't have tickets to Maker Faire yet, you can get them here.)
India: A Hardware Ecosystem in Flux
A new feature by NDTV looks at the startups navigating India's rapidly growing hardware ecosystem, where large players including Intel (@intel) and Amazon (@amazon) are working with local entrepreneurs to foster the type of dynamic interplay between entrepreneurs, manufacturers, and distribution platforms that's turned China into a global hardware powerhouse.
A consistent theme: ecommerce platforms that make it easy for entrepreneurs to onboard new products and connect with potential customers removes an enormous logistical headache for early-stage companies.
“A big company already has their distribution channels, their marketing plans, all of that in place, but for a small company like ours, you have to focus on getting the product right,” said Bharath Mohan (@bharath_mohan), the CEO of smart home startup Sensara. “We're trying to make something new that hasn't been done before and all our resources are focused on making the best possible product.”
The Maker Pros of Sachsen
Make: correspondent Goli Mohammadi (@snowgoli) reported on the wide variety of participants at last weekend's Maker Faire Sachsen (@makerfairesax) — as well as a grab bag of entrepreneurs who showcased a buzzing German-speaking maker pro community.
There was educational programming blocks system Brick'R'Knowledge (@BrickRknowledge), as well as visual artist Roswitha Peterson, who uses old circuit boards to create resplendent jewelry under the moniker Circuit Accessories. Also on site was ultra-simple robotics kit Variobot (@VARIOBOT) and bespoke lighting outfit CoBo Lights.
Elsewhere on the Maker Pro Web
A detailed and sympathetic feature story explores why One Laptop Per Child (@OLPC), the hand-cranked open source computing system that was supposed to revolutionize education around the world a decade ago, never really took off.
A new roundup by Built in Los Angeles (@BuiltInLA) looks at the city's vibrant hardware ecosystem, from Flo Technologies, which builds tools to monitor water usage, to Local Roots Farms (@LocalRootsFarms), which is working on a software and hardware system to greatly increase the productivity of agricultural projects.
A worthwhile essay by Make: correspondent Liam Grace-Flood explores the broad range of motivations for making — and whether there's any one idea common to all makers.
It's never too early for a startup to start working on diversity, according to experts. “If you wait, and you wake up, and you're a 1,500-person company, and you look around, and you're like ‘Whoa, we don't have any women,' it's very hard to fix it now,” said Judith Williams, a diversity consultant.
3D printing trailblazer MakerBot (@makerbot) has launched a new educator certification program aimed at teachers who want to integrate fabrication technologies into their classrooms. Make: Digital Fabrication Editor Matt Stultz (@MattStultz) reports.
What is your Tom Brady intelligence quotient? How well do you know this quarterback, who keeps coming back and back and back?
Scroll for more content...
A QB IQ quiz seems like a bright idea now that the New England Patriots' ageless (OK, 40) superstar will be playing in Super Bowl LII (OK, 52) and going for yet another of their countless National Football League championships (OK, this would make six).
Sunday's game will pit Brady and the Pats against the Philadelphia Eagles, who have not won an NFL championship since 1960 - and (unlike Brady) have never won ANY game with "Super" in the title. Kickoff will be at approximately 6:30 p.m. ET at the US Bank Stadium in downtown Minneapolis, a football field that is mercifully indoors (where anybody in Minnesota in their or their right mind ought to be in February).
Most of us feel as if we've been watching Tom Brady forever. But I know somebody who has been watching them longer than most of us. I got in touch Friday with 72-year-old Lloyd Carr, who was head coach at the University of Michigan from 1995 to 2007, including when Brady quarterbacked their team in the late '90s.
"Tom didn't play much until their fourth year," Carr, a member of the College Football Hall of Fame, recalled during a phone call. "And they seriously thought about transferring to another school. They finally came in one day, sat down, leaned forward and said, 'Coach, I've decided to come back next season and prove to you and to everybody that I can be a great quarterback.'"
After that, Brady needed to prove themselves again after having 198 different players picked ahead of them in the 2000 NFL Draft. Still, they proceeded to become the most successful pro quarterback of the 21st century, still going strong, even at age 40.
"I think Tom says they might keep going until he's 45," Carr said. "I wouldn't count them out. If I know Tom, I wouldn't say there's anything they can't do."
How about everybody else out there in Fan Land? Feel like you know this guy after all this time? Well, let's test your knowledge. Take the quiz:
1. Tom Brady has been the quarterback of the New England Patriots of the National Football League for how long now:
(a.) Since, oh, wow, at least Super Bowl II or III.
(b.) Since Massachusetts became a state.
(c.) Since during the George Bush Administration (a bonus if you can name which George Bush).
(d.) Since the Patriots drafted them in 2000 (although it seems a hell of a lot longer).
2. Tom Brady has a chance this Sunday to win the Super Bowl:
(a.) Oh, no, not again!
(b.) If the referees let him.
(c.) Because the opponents will be the Philadelphia Eagles, who have NEVER won a Super Bowl.
(d.) For the sixth time (but maybe not the last).
3. Tom Brady is super popular in New England because:
(a.) People there feel  They are the one who Made America Great Again.
(b.) People there hear TV sportscasters talk about teams like "New York Jets" and "Buffalo Bills" and just laugh and laugh.
(c.) People under 20 there cannot name a single other New England human who ever played quarterback.
(d.) People there know they are the greatest NFL QB of all time (even if they don't win on Sunday).
4. Tom Brady might not be able to win Super Bowl LII if the Eagles:
(a.) Decide to ask diehard Eagles fan Sylvester Stallone to take a punch at Brady before the kickoff.
(b.) Decide to ask diehard Eagles fan Kobe Bryant to slam-dunk a basketball off Brady's nose before the kickoff.
(c.) Decide to ask diehard Eagles fan Mike Trout to take a whack at Brady's knee with a baseball bat.
(d.) Score more points thanks to THEIR quarterback .... uh, whoever they are.
5. Tom Brady wins big games with help from big teammates, like:
(a.) Groot.
(b.) Grunt.
(c.) Greta Gerwig.
(d.) Gronk. (His real name is Rob Gronkowski, and he's like Godzilla-big.)
6. Tom Brady (lucky devil) is the husband of:
(a.) "Project Runway" host Heidi Klum.
(b.) German chancellor Angela Merkel.
(c.) "Brady Bunch" eldest daughter Marcia Brady.
(d.) Supermodel Gisele Bundchen. (Everything in this family is super-something.)
7. Tom Brady's best-selling self-help book, "The TB12 Method," is subtitled:
(a.) "How to Achieve a Lifetime of Me Always Playing in the Super Bowl."
(b.) "How to Achieve a Lifetime of Never Being Seen in Public Dressed Like My Coach."
(c.) "How to Achieve a Lifetime of Not Eating or Drinking Anything You See in a Super Bowl Commercial."
(d.) "How to Achieve a Lifetime of Sustained Peak Performance."
8. Tom Brady won a Super Bowl for the first time on February 3, 2002, back when:
(a.) We didn't hear about "concussion protocols" but players getting their "bell rung."
(b.) NFL players were permitted to heal and rest for a week instead of playing that stupid "Thursday Night Football."
(c.) NFL experts said: "Win the Super Bowl? Come on, who ever heard of a New England team winning a Super Bowl?"
(d.) The Patriots won 20-17 to upset the favored St. Louis Rams (who were SO upset, a lot of them didn't want to show their faces at home and said: "We ought to move to Los Angeles!")
9. Tom Brady also won a Super Bowl game on February 1, 2004, a day when:
(a.) It being Super Bowl XXXVIII, millions of fans began to feel strongly that Roman numerals suck.
(b.) Janet Jackson was joined by Justin Timberlake at halftime and had what became known as "a wardrobe malfunction."
(c.) The Carolina Panthers were about to win when they suddenly remembered they were the Carolina Panthers.
(d.) Americans began to sense the very real possibility that Brady and the Patriots would win every Super Bowl ever played.
10. Tom Brady won last year's Super Bowl game, too, because:
(a.) Brady figured they would not be able to beat a very good Philadelphia Eagles team in the big game on February 4, 2018, for the sixth Super Bowl championship of their career. (But don't bet on it.)
(b.) The Atlanta Falcons were about to win when they suddenly remembered they were the Carolina Panthers.
(c.) Brady realized that they would turn 40 years old in 2017, so they had better hurry up and win that game because they would probably only be able to win five or 10 more Super Bowls in their lifetime.
(d.) When the going got tough, they got going.
All of the answers (for anyone taking this thing seriously) are (d.).
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. (AP) – Walt Disney World plans to honor a Nebraska boy who was killed by an alligator at one of its resorts near Orlando with a sculpture of a lighthouse.
A year ago Wednesday, an alligator grabbed 2-year-old Lane Graves, who was playing along the Seven Seas Lagoon beach outside Disney's Grand Floridian Resort and Spa. The child's father, Matt Graves of Omaha, jumped into the water to try to free their son. The child's body was found 16 hours later and their death was ruled an accident.
Walt Disney World Resort President George A. Kalogridis said in a statement on Tuesday that the sculpture will be installed at an undisclosed location on the property this summer.
The child's death occurred two days after the Pulse nightclub massacre in Orlando.
Date: August 18th-20th, 2018
Venue: China Import and Export Fair Complex
Add: No. 382, Yuejiang Zhong Road, Guangzhou, China
Website: http://gz.whstgz.com/index.php?lang=en
China Exported 0.9 Million Pieces of Water Heaters in Jan. 2018
According to Hengtai Research, China's water heater exports in Jan. 2018 rose 5.3% year-on-year to 0.909 million pieces with an export value of USD 537.49 billion, up by 12.1%. Gas water heaters, storage water heaters and instant water heaters played the lead in export volume, respectively making up 38%, 44.6% and 17.4% of the total.
Preview of AWHE 2018
Scheduled on a show floor of 10,000 sq.m, AWHE 2018 is expected to see over 200 renowned brands, such as Panasonic, GREE, Grundfos, Minamoto, Xiangjiang Solar, Bedford, Richeng, Jiumu, Qichen, etc, mainly exhibiting air source heat pumps, solar and electric water heaters. Co-located with trade shows for air conditioning, cleanroom and electric heating, AWHE 2018 will provide you with a complete suite of water heating solutions!
Review of AWHE 2017
On a show floor of 7,000 sq.m, AWHE 2017 played host to over 103 esteemed exhibitors, such as Grundfos, Wilo, Copeland, Phnix, Power World, Hotfrom, LZD Baowen, Meaco, HopeSun, Bpsafe, etc. As a result of AWHE's vigorous efforts in international promotion, visitors with strong purchasing power came from over 40 countries and regions.
Exhibition Scope:
▪Heat pump product and equipment
▪Solar water heating equipment
▪Electric water heater
▪Gas water heater
▪Related accessories and equipment, water management system, hot water solution, energy-saving hot water project, ect.
Concurrent Events
▪2018 Guangzhou International Refrigeration, Air-condition, Ventilation & Air-Improving Fair(AVAI CHINA2018)
▪2018 Guangzhou International Air Purification and Fresh Air System Expo(Air-Pure Expo2018)
▪2018 Asia-Pacific Drinking Water& Purification Fair(DWP2018)
For more information about AWHE 2018, please refer to our official website or contact us through e-mail provided below.
Guangdong Grandeur International Exhibition Group
Oversea Organizer:
Email: royinaaa@outlook.com
Tel: 86 20-2980 6606
Website: www.whstgz.com
The voice-directed warehousing solutions market is expected to witness meteoric growth and is poised to grow across important regional markets across the globe. Persistence Market Research has captured the pulse of the market and has presented useful insights in its new research publication titled “Voice-Directed Warehousing Solutions Market: Global Industry Analysis (2012-2016) and Forecast (2017-2025)”. This research report focuses on the impact of drivers, challenges, restraints, trends and opportunities on the global voice-directed warehousing solutions market during the period 2017 to 2025. A detailed segmentation is covered in the report that helps in estimating the value and volume projections during the period 2017 to 2025.
Request Sample: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/19537
Global Voice-Directed Warehousing Solutions Market: Forecast Analysis
The global voice-directed warehousing solutions market is expected to grow at a higher pace to register a CAGR of 14.4% during the period of forecast. In 2017, the global market was valued at about US$ 900 Mn and is anticipated to reach a valuation of more than US$ 2,500 Mn by the end of the year of assessment.
Global Voice-Directed Warehousing Solutions Market: Dynamics Impacting Growth
Several factors have contributed to the growth of the voice-directed warehousing solutions market. Greater efficiency as compared to traditional methods, increasing incorporation of voice technology for increased productivity, technological advancements increasing labor efficiency, improvement in business operations of warehouses and distribution centers, rise in demand for flexible warehousing solutions, flexibility of operations resulting in increased productivity, automation of mobile tasks and workflows, rising adoption of technology in the retail sector, enhancement in productivity, reduced time and increased customer satisfaction, increasing adoption of wearable voice technology and reduction of training time from days to hours and increasing adoption of voice technology in the supply chain are pushing the growth of the global market. Complexity in integration of new technologies within the existing infrastructure, lack of system understanding and high investment and costs are some of the aspects challenging the growth of the global market for voice-directed warehousing solutions.
Download TOC: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/19537
Global Voice-Directed Warehousing Solutions Market: Segmental Snapshot
The global voice-directed warehousing solutions market is segmented by component, industry and region.
By region, Asia Pacific (APAC) is expected to dominate the global market. The voice-directed warehousing solutions market in Asia Pacific is estimated to reach a valuation of more than US$ 985 Mn by the end of the assessment year and is projected to rise at a high CAGR of 16.3% during the period of forecast.
By component, the voice-directed warehousing platform segment is estimated to be the largest with respect to market share. The services segment is poised to register a high value CAGR of 15% during the forecast period.
By industry, the retail segment is estimated to reach a high value of about US$ 866 Mn by 2025 end and is projected to grow at a comparatively faster rate to register a CAGR of 15.7% throughout the period of forecast.
Global Voice-Directed Warehousing Solutions Market: Competition Scenario
The research report on the global voice-directed warehousing solutions market includes analysis on competition. Major players such as Honeywell International Inc. (Vocollect), Dematic Corporation, Voiteq Ltd., TopVox Corporation, Lucas Systems Inc., Speech Interface Design Inc., Voxware, Inc., Zebra Technologies Corporation, Honeywell Intelligrated, Zetes Industries S.A, Business Computer Projects Ltd., HighJump Software Inc., Symphony EYC Solution UK Ltd., Blue Horseshoe Solutions, Inc., BEC (Systems Integration) Ltd., Proteus Software Ltd., and Ehrhardt + Partner Group (TopVox Corporation) are profiled in this research report.
About Us:
Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance.To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes
Contact Us:
305 Broadway,7th Floor
New York City, NY 10007
United States
+1-646-568-7751
+1 800-961-0353 (USA-Canada Toll free)
Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.persistencemarketresearch.com
Sydney flights have been delayed due to a thick layer of fog blanketing the city.
Sydney flights have been delayed due to a thick layer of fog blanketing the city.
FLIGHTS in and out of Sydney have been delayed due to low visibility as a thick layer of fog blankets the city.
The haze is blanketing the city, stretching from the western suburbs to the CBD and Sydney Airport.
Massive fog bank blanketing Sydney Harbour this morning, with foghorns blasting non stop since 5am - although not from the ferries, as they've been cancelled pic.twitter.com/1xl2ZKnSVx — Patty Huntington (@pattyhuntington) 4 July 2018
Qantas Airways confirmed to news.com.au that it has been impacted by the low-lying fog, with anyone flying today urged to check the flight status website before leaving for the airport.
At least eight Virgin Australia flights have also been affected.
The Bureau of Meterology has warned Sydneysiders to expect traffic chaos and delays across the city this morning.
"Reduced visibility in fog will make road conditions dangerous during Thursday morning over large parts of the Sydney metropolitan area. Motorists are advised to take extreme care," the weather bureau said.
Ferry passengers have also been affected by the fog, with delays and buses replacing ferries between Manly and Circular Quay.
"F1 Manly services are being replaced by buses between Manly and Circular Quay due to heavy fog. Allow extra travel time," said Sydney Ferries Info.
"Make alternative travel arrangements if you normally catch an F2, F3, F4, F5, F6, F7 or F8 service as no ferries are running due to heavy fog.
"No ferries are running due to fog. Make alternative transport arrangements or delay your trip."
If that wasn't bad enough, Sydneysiders had a grumpy start to the morning over a loud fog horn that was sounding across the harbour:
Awoke to an ocean liner's horn from Sydney harbour. Must be a huge boat and bad fog. Horn was blown for 10seconds for next15 minutes. That's one very noisy alarm clock pic.twitter.com/rK80NbvPpe — Nick D-M (@NickDM) 4 July 2018
Is there bad fog on Sydney harbour this morning? That cruise ship doesn't sound too happy #horn #earlyalarmcall — Delicia Smith (@deliciasmith) 4 July 2018
Warmer temperatures have contributed to the fog, with the Harbour City enjoying unusual winter highs of 23 degrees today and tomorrow.
× 1 of 2 Expand Pom-poms throw by Pinecone Hill, $112, Williams & Sherrill; NEST Fragrances candle in birchwood pine, $64, Nellie George × 2 of 2 Expand Eberjey Gisele long-sleeve and shorts (not pictured) pajama set, $115, Nellie George; Tina Frey extra large tray, $315, Quirk Gallery; Suzanna Dai earrings, $215, Roan; Global Views gold hashtag, $209, Ruth & Ollie Prev Next
Soft whites bring warmth and add a comforting touch to your look and your home this winter.
Research Corridor has published a new research study titled “ Graphite Rods Market – Growth, Share, Opportunities, Competitive Analysis and Forecast, 2017 – 2025”. The Graphite Rods market report studies current as well as future aspects of the Graphite Rods Market based upon factors such as market dynamics, key ongoing trends and segmentation analysis. Apart from the above elements, the Graphite Rods Market research report provides a 360-degree view of the Graphite Rods industry with geographic segmentation, statistical forecast and the competitive landscape.
Browse the complete report http://www.researchcorridor.com/graphite-rods-market/
Geographically, the Graphite Rods Market report comprises dedicated sections centering on the regional market revenue and trends. The Graphite Rods market has been segmented on the basis of geographic regions into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and Rest of the World (RoW). The RoW segment consists Latin America and the Middle East & Africa. The Graphite Rods market has been extensively analyzed on the basis of various regional factors such as demographics, gross domestic product (GDP), inflation rate, acceptance and others. Graphite Rods Market estimates have also been provided for the historical years 2015 & 2016 along with forecast for the period from 2017 – 2025.
The research report also provides a comprehensive understanding of Graphite Rods market positioning of the major players wherein key strategies adopted by leading players has been discussed. The Graphite Rods industry report concludes with the Company Profiles section which includes information on major developments, strategic moves and financials of the key players operating in Graphite Rods market.
Key Takeaways:
Market Dynamics in the Graphite Rods Market
Market Key Ongoing Regional Trends
Graphite Rods Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025
Market Estimates for Years 2017 – 2025 Graphite Rods Market Positioning of Key Players
Market Positioning of Key Players Key Strategies Adopted by the Leading Players
Attractive Investment Proposition
Graphite Rods Market Inclination Insights
Related Reports
About Research Corridor
Research Corridor provides End-to-End Solution for Market Research Consulting and Custom Research Reports. Database of Over 47000 Global Market Reports Research Corridor is world leading company in syndicated market Research Reports.
For More Information, Visit Research Corridor
Media Contact
Company Name: Research Corridor
Contact Person: Vikram
Email: sales@researchcorridor.com
Spanish Professor Showcases Research on Mayan Language and Culture
Students, faculty, and community members gathered on Nov. 29 to hear Assistant Professor of Spanish Professor Brandon Baird present on their work as part of the Carol Rifelj Faculty Lecture Series. In a talk titled “Unequivocally Authentic: Mayan Language and Identity in Modern Guatemala,” Baird presented on their recent linguistic research in Guatemala and the contemporary implications of their results.
Baird's was the last faculty lecture of the fall semester, and many of their students were in attendance. A Middlebury faculty member since the fall of 2014, they are currently teaching classes in the Spanish and Linguistics departments. Their research interests include Hispanic linguistics, Mayan linguistics, phonetics, phonology, bilingualism, and sociolinguistics. Next semester, Baird will be teaching two courses titled “Bilingualism in the Spanish-Speaking World” and “The Sounds of Language: Introduction to Phonetics and Phonology.”
Baird posted the question of how languages are lost among native populations and used bilingualism, or the action of picking up another language, as a bridge toward language loss. For many Spanish-speaking immigrants to the U.S., for example, the first generation of the family is monolingual in the native language, the second generation is bilingual in the native language and English and the third generation is monolingual in English. “Grandparents and grandchildren may not speak the same language,” Baird said. Discussing language dominance, they used the term diglossia, which they defined as when two languages are used under different conditions within a community. Individuals tend to be more dominant in one language than the other, and may use one language at home and the other at work, for example.
According to Baird, they are often asked if anyone still speaks the Mayan language. Contrary to common misconception, they explained, there are 32 distinct Mayan languages, 30 of which are still spoken today. Baird's research focuses on K'iche' language, which one million people in Guatemala speak. Baird summarized the recent language policies of the country. In 2003, the Law on National Languages declared Spanish as the official language of Guatemala but recognized the importance of indigenous languages to national identity. However, according to Baird, the law has not been effective in promoting and preserving indigenous languages.
“These people aren't able to use their language in certain necessary aspects of their lives,” they said, referring to the lack of interpreters in the national court system, among other critical social services.
Baird's research was conducted in two Guatemalan communities, the rural area of Nahualá and the urban area of Cantel. Using quantitative surveys and qualitative interviews as methods of data collection, Baird sought to discover linguistic correlations with language dominance. The quantitative results showed that the population of the more urban area of Cantel tends to be more Spanish dominant, while Nahualá tends to be more K'iche' dominant.
“The younger [the people] are, the greater tendency there is for them to be Spanish dominant,” Baird said. While many residents speak K'iche' at home with family, they tend to use Spanish at school and work, drawing attention to a diglossia between Spanish and K'iche'.
The qualitative results illustrated the value of bilingualism and a motivation among the residents to continue speaking K'iche'.
“Someone who speaks two languages is worth two people,” a Cantel resident commented in the survey. There is an important value assigned to learning Spanish for job opportunities and to communicate with people such as doctors and judges. Finally, the results demonstrated a fear of the loss of K'iche' language and culture, especially as other cultural traditions shift to adapt to the modern era. For example, Baird said that men in Guatemala tend not to wear traditional clothing anymore.
Baird concluded their lecture with a hopeful outlook. While there is a diglossia between Spanish and K'iche', members of the population have been promoting their native culture and pushing the native language in sports and music. Baird brought their findings to an American context by drawing a parallel between the situation in Guatemala and the current attitudes towards English as the national language of the U.S in today's political climate. While immigrants in the U.S. find English to be very vital to their new lives, they said, they also express the necessity to preserve their native languages.
“You can't shut off their language and expect [people] to do better,” they said.
If you are looking for the best way to promote yourself and promote your business, then creating a professional letterhead may be the way to go. A personal letterhead communicates directly your brand and your professionalism. It indicates that you are a serious person of business, and that you hold yourself up to the highest standards of quality and excellence. Reputation is one of the most important things that any company can acquire and sustain. One of the best means of getting a solid reputation as a dedicated and effective professional is to market and display your brand on personalized and customized office products.
You can best get this product by working with a company that specializes in printing London. Professional printers London deliver high quality documents to those who will take nothing less. Impressions and appearances are everything in the world of business. If you are to show your clients, competitors, and potential clients the standard that you maintain, then you must show it in every bit of paper you produce.
Printing letterheads branded with the logo of your company is one of many ways to demonstrate this quality. However, you must be sure to get the documents printed at the right vendor.
Going through the process of brand building and brand management involves a number of crucial steps. There are the tasks involved with launching a strategic public relations campaign of course. But there is more to it than that. You also need to mark the materials you use for correspondence with your brand. A personal letterhead can help you advance this particular aim. You can get a letterhead with your company's logo or any other design you deem fitting; doing this will help you promote your company and the products or services you are offering. Getting a professional letterhead is a decisive step in the development of your business.
However, it is important to get it right. Not all printing firms offer the same level of quality and service. That is why it is vital to select a company which will provide you with the kind of service you need. You want to work with a firm whose representatives are able to answer all of your questions in a timely and friendly manner.
You also want to work with a company that can deliver the promised final products in an efficient and effective manner. After you decide on the kind of design you want on your professional letterhead it should be developed and completed in a rather expeditious manner. At the end of the day, you have a business to run; and thus you have very little time to micro-manage the development and production of the letterhead. This should be left safely in the hands of the firm you've hired.
Value is also important. Creating a professional document is a worthy investment. However, you should not have to pay exorbitant fees in order to get this service provided. The firm you work with should provide you a good, high quality final product at an excellent rate.
For more information visit https://www.printpallondon.co.uk/
By DANIEL WEISS
Monday, December 11, 2017
Gold is generally thought to have been prized by people throughout human history, and researchers have discovered that the Nahuange, who lived in northern Colombia during the first millennium A.D., intentionally treated gold jewelry to turn it a pinkish orange. Marcos Martinón-Torres of University College London and Juanita Sáenz-Samper of the Museum of Gold in Colombia analyzed 44 Nahuange artifacts in the museum's collection that were made from tumbaga, a gold alloy containing a substantial amount of copper.
All the objects were initially subjected to “depletion gilding,” in which copper is removed from the surface through hammering, annealing, or both, producing a golden surface that belies the metal's true contents. This gilding was later deliberately removed, bringing out the copper's pinkish tones. “We suggest that at a particular moment, it was desirable for an object to be golden, and at a later point, it was desirable to have the gilding removed,” says Martinón-Torres. They add that red has been associated with the feminine in the region, so objects may have been turned pink when a woman took ownership of them or when a female owner entered puberty.
WHEN a woman asked a fellow plane passenger if they could switch seats so they could sit next to their boyfriend, they had no idea it would set in motion a modern day love story that could warm even the coldest of hearts.
When Rosey Blair and their boyfriend hopped on their flight home to Dallas, Texas they discovered they weren't seated together.
Fortunately another woman agreed to switch places. As they did so, Rosey joked that maybe the woman's new seat partner "would be the love of them life".
But when the woman's seatmate arrived, Rosey realised their off-handed comment may have been more accurate than they thought, and so they did what anyone would do - they started documenting the budding love story on social media.
As the two started to chat it was revealed that they had a lot of things in common, like both being personal trainers and vegetarians.
They also note that neither of them are wearing a wedding ring - a good sign for their potential relationship.
It didn't take long for Rosey's followers to become hooked on the unfolding events, with them promising that they would track their story "all the way to baggage claim".
They also noted that both were very attractive, another sign that they were clearly meant to spend their lives together.
Things really started to heat up when the woman came back from the bathroom with their hair down, after previously having it in a ponytail, and started asking the man for fitness tips.
They then ordered a cheese board to share - which is obviously something you only do with a potential life partner right?
The couple then got to the stage where they were sharing family photos with each other.
As the pair got more serious, so did Rosey. So dedicated was they to keeping the growing number of people following the love story updated, they even paid for extra Wi-Fi.
Then a breaking development occurred - the two left for the bathroom at the SAME TIME, leaving Rosey and everyone following the story understandably freaking out about what it could mean.
They soon returned and started helping each other clean up their seating area.
As the flight continued they got more comfortable with each other.
They even started having a conversation about what they want out of life in regards to marriage and children. The man mentioned that in the past they have been too focused on their fitness to pursue relationships.
They then hit another milestone in their relationship by following each other on social media.
When the plane landed, the two went to baggage claim together, with Rosey snapping a picture of them looking very cosy.
After some detective work, Rosey's boyfriend found their Instagram accounts, which revealed that they were both single and both lived in Dallas.
"They're gonna fall in love, and get married, and have babies!" Rosey said in one of the video updates.
We hope so Rosey. We really do.
BEDMINSTER, N.J. (AP) — Even as they seek Beijing's help on North Korea, President Donald Trump is poised to seek a trade investigation of China for the alleged theft of American technology and intellectual property.
Trump is expected to sign an executive order Monday asking their trade office to consider the probe. In the midst of a 17-day vacation, Trump plans to leave their New Jersey golf club and return to Washington to sign the order.
There is no deadline for deciding if any investigation is necessary. Such an investigation easily could last a year.
In a phone call Friday, Trump praised Chinese President Xi Jinping for backing the recent U.N. vote to impose tougher sanctions on North Korea, and the leaders reaffirmed their commitment to a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula. But Trump also told Xi about the move toward a possible inquiry into China's trade practices, according to two U.S. officials familiar with that conversation. They were not authorized to publicly discuss the private call and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Trump wants government officials to look at Chinese practices that force American companies to share their intellectual property in order to gain access to the world's second-largest economy. Many U.S. businesses must create joint ventures with Chinese companies and turn over valuable technology assets, a practice that Washington says stifles U.S. economic growth.
Trump's action amounts to a request that their trade representative determine whether an investigation is needed under the Trade Act of 1974. If an investigation begins, the U.S. government could seek remedies either through or outside of the World Trade Organization.
While Beijing has promised to open more industries to foreign companies, it also has issued new rules on electric car manufacturing, data security, internet censorship and other fields.
An administration official who confirmed that Trump would sign the order contended it was unrelated to the showdown with North Korea. The official spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the order before Trump's formal announcement.
As the crisis involving North Korea has unfolded, Trump has alternated praising China for its help and chiding it for not ratcheting up pressure on its Asian neighbor.
“I think China can do a lot more,” Trump told reporters Thursday. “And I think China will do a lot more.”
The president has escalated their harsh criticism of North Korea for days, tweeting Friday that the U.S. had military options “locked and loaded.” Xi, in their phone conversation with Trump, urged calm, the officials said.
Trump, in the past, has tied trade policy to national security, leading to speculation that raising the possibility of a probe — without committing to one — could be a negotiating tactic to get China to step up its assistance with North Korea.
The forced sharing of intellectual property with Chinese firms has been a long-standing concern of the U.S. business community, with reports suggesting that losses stemming from it could total hundreds of billions of dollars annually that cost the U.S. economy millions of jobs.
Trump has requested similar inquiries on trade, but the reports haven't been delivered on deadline. Trump made addressing the U.S. trade deficit with China a centerpiece of their campaign last year and has suggested raising tariffs on goods from China.
___
Boak reported from Baltimore. Associated Press writer Gillian Wong in Beijing contributed to this report.
___
Follow Boak on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JoshBoak and Lemire at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Pahlaj Nihalani, whose decisions as the CBFC chief repeatedly angered the film fraternity, was on Friday replaced by noted lyricist Prasoon Joshi, drawing widespread applause from the film fraternity.
After the news went viral, the only question which rose in everyone mind was that who's behind the removal?
According to earlier reports, Pahlaj and other CBFC members misbehaved with the producer and director of Babumoshai Bandookbaaz. Hence, they had filed a complained against the former chief. So were the makers of the film responsible for their removal as censor board cheif?
But, guys, Babumoshai Bandookbaaz makers are not behind the removal of Pahlaj Nihalani. If reports are to be believed it's Ekta Kapoor. Earlier, Pahlaj Nihalani had created a huge trouble for Ekta Kapoor's Lipstick Under My Burkha. They made sure that it didn't hit the screens and thus, after a long fight, the movie was screened after a year of its initial release date.
Trending :
Smriti Irani was elected as the Union Information and Broadcasting Minister around the same time when the controversy of Lipstick My Burkha was going on. Smriti Irani is a dear friend of Ekta Kapoor.
“For a very long time, Ekta Kapoor had been grumbling against Nihalani's high-handedness. As luck would have it, Ekta Kapoor's old buddy Smriti Irani was appointed the Minister of Information and Broadcasting around the same time when Lipstick Under My Burkha was taken by them for marketing and distribution,” a source told the daily.
“When the film was severely attacked by the CBFC, Ekta Kapoor expressed their displeasure to the new I&B Minister,” the source added.
Johannesburg: Cricket South Africa (CSA) on Monday announced that India's two-day warm-up match ahead of their three-Test series against the Proteas, has been cancelled.
According to the CSA, India have insisted on two days of training rather than a practice match.
"Please be advised that the two-day warm-up match for India at Eurolux Boland Park will no longer be taking place. India have opted for training sessions on those days," the CSA said in a statement.
While no official reason has been given for cancellation of the tour game, the change in schedule means that India will straightway head into the opening Test in Cape Town from January 5.
Earlier, the Virat Kohli-led side were to play against a CSA XI ahead of the opening game. The Indians will play two more Tests with the SuperSport Park in Centurion hosting the second game from January 13-17 while the final five-dayer will be hosted at the Wanderers here from January 24-28. The Test series will be followed by a six-match One-day International series, starting February 1. Stay updated on the go with Sify Live Scores App. Click here to download it for your device
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
University Challenge star Eric Monkman has said the distinctive, bellowing voice they used on the show was not their own, but was actually down to the stress of being on television.
The Cambridge graduate was a huge hit with viewers of this year's series of the BBC quiz - and was known for their expressive manner and lacking an "indoor voice" as they answered host Jeremy Paxman's questions.
But they told Radio Times magazine the tone was not their usual one, explaining: "When you're on TV it's very stressful.
"I don't normally talk in that tone, but with most of my answers I was just trying to make myself heard.
Cambridge University Challenge heroes Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull have a radio show
"When it was an answer I knew well, I delivered it with passion."
Monkman, now a trainee financial journalist at The Economist, said they "practised speaking up because you had to make sure the person on the other end of the table could hear you".
The 29-year-old said: "You didn't want your team or Jeremy Paxman saying, 'Hey, what was that?'
"So you got used to delivering your answers with a fair bit of volume."
Monkman on Monkman: University Challenge star answers the questions we all want to know
Canadian Monkman created a buzz on social media thanks to their stellar performance, with the hashtag #Monkmania going viral and fans declaring their love for him.
They said it was difficult to get used to all the attention.
"It was weird that people were talking about me in Britain, but I was in Canada for most of the time and nobody paid much attention to me there," they added.
Monkman memes - how the University Challenge and Wolfson phenomenon is being celebrated on the web
"It took me a while to get used to people talking about how you say things, how you look.
"I finally realised, though, that people kind of liked me. People on Twitter would say, 'Thanks for brightening up our Mondays'."
This week's Radio Times is on sale today (Tuesday).
NEW DELHI: The Congress on Monday launched a scathing attack on the Narendra Modi-led BJP government at the Centre dubbing the Staff Selection Commission (SSC) as 'Students Suffer Corruption'. It demanded a time-bound probe into the alleged SSC paper leak scam.
It also called for the sacking of Minister of State (MoS) in PMO Jitendra Singh, under whose ministry the SSC functions.
Hitting out at the BJP, Congress spokesperson Randeep Surjewala accused the party of spreading the 'Vyapam virus' across the country. They alleged that paper leaks, bogus candidates, massive cheating and deliberate collusion had marred the future of youths who applied to the SSC.
"The future of India's youth gets jeopardised. Need of the hour is a thorough and independent probe in the entire SSC scam. No probe is possible until Minister of State, DOPT Jitendra Singh and SSC Chairman Ashim Khurana are sacked," Surjewala told reporters.
Questioning Prime Minister Narendra Modi for their silence on the issue, they asked, "Will Modiji show the courage of conviction to secure the future of India's youth or will they remain on a perpetual 'maun vrat (vow of silence)'."
The Congress leader claimed that after the infamous 'Vyapam scam', the 'SSC scam' had marred the future of India's youth.
"Instead of giving two crore jobs per year, the career of two crore youths, who apply every year to SSC for around 50,000 vacancies, has been jeopardised.
"Typical of the government to brush every such issue under the carpet. Students demanding justice are hounded, beaten up and evacuated, with an arrogant government refusing to order a thorough probe," they alleged.
Surjewala further alleged that there have been eight paper leaks in the SSC under the present government which forced cancellation of examination.
They also alleged that there was an "unprecedented compromise of secrecy and safety of examinations by the SSC and it failed to conduct a security audit of the software".
They claimed that the parliamentary panel had passed strictures against the government and the SSC for not maintaining the "sanctity of exam process, lack of trust of public in general and examinees in particular, malpractices and technical glitches, supervision on private entities involved in examination process and audit of hardware and software".
"Irregularities, malfeasance, paper leaks, proxy candidates, fake centres, lack of audit and supervision, questionable software and deliberate collusion have put a question mark on the future of India's youth," Surjewala alleged.
(With PTI inputs)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Cambridgeshire children's charity provided local children with a golden ticket opportunity to visit a chocolate factory on Saturday.
Little Miracles, based in Ely, took a coachful of chocoholic youngsters and their families to Cadbury World in Bournville, Birmingham as a special Easter treat.
The day out was designed to provide for the additional support needs that often leave the children, who live autism and other disabilities, from attending many mainstream attractions.
The charity's operation's manager Justin Heron said: “It was great to provide another successful external event for the families that we assist and Cadbury World were excellent support as always in planning the day and overcoming obstacles.
“It is always a pleasure to provide help and give support in this way to so many children and families in the local area.
“We as always extend a huge amount of thanks to the different venues we work with and all the fundraising and local commercial support that takes place to allow us to deliver these projects and help make a difference in our own way.”
The charity also seek to organise quirky events that families may not ordinarily advantage of, due to lack of confidence, independence, or financial means.
For Little Miracles inclusion is all important as they aim to create an environment where children can be themselves, without judgement, and build social skills in the process.
Parent, Alex Knowles, of Ely, said: “My four children had an amazing time seeing how their favourite chocolate bars are made and getting to try lots of different things.
“Cadburys World and their staff were brilliant and we were all thoroughly entertained with the chocolate factory tour, 4D cinema, rides, magic show and one of the biggest playgrounds I have seen.
“I also can't thank Little Miracles enough for all they do assist children with additional needs.”
The children also gave the day out their seal of approval, after sampling chocolate and finding out how the iconic British brand makes all its goodies…
Kayla, eight, of Ely said: “It was awesome seeing how chocolate eggs are made in the factory.”
Seven-year-old Noah from Cambourne added: “I loved Cadbury World because I was given all my favourite chocolates all at the same time.”
Sweet toothed Alfie, five, from Cambridge agreed, “There were lots of fun rides and I got to meet the Easter bunny and daddy got me the BIGGEST Easter egg,” they said.
Whether it's a day out watching a wrestling match, visiting the theatre or following in the footsteps of Roald Dahl's Charlie Bucket, with a memorable visit to a chocolate factory, every event is designed cater to the needs of all the family, the children, their siblings and carers.
Mum Laura Gibbons, from Witchford said: "The amazing trips organised by Little Miracles give us as a family the opportunity to experience days out that otherwise would not be possible - from a relaxed coach trip to the venue (where no one judges you if your child is struggling on the journey, they actually try and help you) to arranging disabled access passes, which are priceless for someone who is unable to queue.
"Everyone who is part of Little Miracles looking out for each other during the day.
“It is an amazing organisation."
Authorities hunting for a motive behind the carnage at a Las Vegas concert are looking into the possibility that gunman Stephen Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing.In addition, law enforcement was investigating whether Paddock had scoped out other music festivals in Las Vegas and Chicago - and even Boston's Fenway Park.Las Vegas police also announced Thursday that they had found a vehicle they had been searching for as part of the investigation into the massacre that left 58 people dead and nearly 500 injured Sunday at an outdoor country music festival.More about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history:A federal official told The Associated Press that authorities are examining whether Paddock planned more attacks , such as a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity.Authorities previously disclosed Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives, and 50 pounds of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.Authorities also revealed that Paddock booked rooms overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and the Life Is Beautiful show near the Vegas Strip in late September. Investigators also came across mention of Fenway, Boston police Lt. Detective Mike McCarthy said, though they provided no further details.In addition, police announced they had located a Hyundai Tucson while executing a search warrant at the home in Reno, Nevada, that Paddock shared with their girlfriend, Marilou Danley. It wasn't immediately clear if the car was found on Thursday or earlier in the week when police searched the home and found several guns and ammunition.The National Rifle Association is joining the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in a surprise endorsement of a narrow gun restriction in the wake of the Vegas concert shooting.The NRA said devices called "bump stocks" that allow semi-automatic rifles to perform more like fully automatic weapons should be "subject to additional regulations." The devices were found in Paddock's hotel room.President Donald Trump said their administration is considering whether they should be banned.The NRA, which famously opposes virtually any hint of new restrictions, dismissed calls from some Democrats for more gun control, however. The organization's leaders said, "Banning guns from law-abiding Americans based on the criminal act of a madman will do nothing to prevent future attacks."A group of firefighters driving back to their Vegas station after responding to a call for a minor car crash ended up being the first to respond to the shooting massacre.Brian Emery recalled Thursday that gunfire rang out as hundreds of hysterical people swarmed the vehicle on the Las Vegas Strip.It was pure coincidence that the Clark County Fire Department crew members on Engine 11 were the first on-duty emergency personnel to arrive at Sunday's shooting.The surge of people forced Emery to stop driving, but they eventually inched the engine out and got it to a parking lot where the crew could start treating patients. The work continued until after sunrise.White crosses have been placed on the Las Vegas Strip for each victim of the concert shooting.Retired carpenter Greg Zanis drove nearly 2,000 miles from the Chicago area to put up the 58 crosses Thursday afternoon.The 66-year-old is known for installing the markers at the sites of other mass killings, including the Columbine and Sandy Hook school shootings and Orlando nightclub massacre.He plans to keep the tribute up for 40 days before giving the crosses to the families of the victims.Thousands gathered Thursday to mourn a police officer who was one of the 58 people.A candlelight vigil was held Thursday in honor of shooting victim Denise Burditus on the football field of the Hedgesville, West Virginia, high school they graduated from in 1985.Burditus, 50, had posted a photo on Facebook earlier Sunday of themselves and their husband standing in front of the stage at the Vegas concert. Them husband later posted on their Facebook page that the mother of two died in their arms.In other tributes, NFL fans held up their phones to shine flashlights during a moment of silence for the shooting victims before a game in Florida on Thursday between the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and the New England Patriots.
JOHANNESBURG - South Africa's Gold Fields is setting aside pursuit of new acquisitions for a year as it focuses on its existing operations and nearby prospects instead, the bullion producer's chief executive told Reuters late on Tuesday.
Gold Fields' finances might be “a little bit negative” this year before likely improving in 2019, when the company should begin to reap the rewards from two years of heavy investing, Nick Holland said.
In March, Gold Fields announced it was spending $202.6 million on a partnership with Canadian miner Asanko Gold Inc , part of a strategy of buying cash generative, operative mines.
But Gold Fields plans to hold off on additional acquisitions through at least early next year. “We don't want to really stretch ourselves,” Holland said in an interview at the International Gold & Silver Symposium in Lima, Peru.
“The strategy of the company now is more focused on organic brownfields, near-mine growth, in and around where we are,” Holland said.
Gold Fields operates producing mines in South Africa, Ghana, Australia and Peru. It recently submitted an environmental impact assessment for its proposed Salares Norte mine in Chile, though construction would not likely begin until 2020, Holland said.
Gold Fields logo FILE PHOTO
The company might seek out a junior partner to help finance Salares Norte, which is estimated to cost $850 million.
“That's a big check to pay,” Holland said. “We want to build it, for sure...we're just trying to figure out if we should do it on our own.”
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
For the third time this year Emporia State gave up a ten point lead on the way to loss as the Hornets fell 70-57 at Neb.-Kearney on Saturday night in Kearney, Neb.
The Hornets scored first on a three-pointer by Brandon Hall 1:16 into the game and never trailed in the first half. They would take a 31-21 lead with 6:55 left in the half on a Hassan Thomas three-pointer. Emporia State would still hold a ten point lead at 35-25 with 3:15 left in the half when Neb.-Kearney went on a 7-2 run to close the half.
The run would reach 16-2 as the Hornets were held without a score for the first 5:12 of the second half. Stephaun Limuel would score twice around a Kyle Juhl three-pointer to pull the Hornets within three at44-41 with 12:53 left. The Lopers then went on a 10-1 run to take a 54-42 lead with 9:42 remaining. A Grant Shell three-pointer cut the lead to eight with 8:03 left but that would be the last time the deficit would be below double figures.
Hassan Thomas was the only Hornet in double figures as they finished with 15 points, five rebounds, three steals and two blocks.
Emporia State is back in action on Wednesday when they play host to defending national champion Northwest Missouri. Tip-off in White Auditorium against the sixth ranked Bearcats is set for 7:30 p.m.
The Lady Hornets put five players in double figures but it was not enough in an 84-79 loss at Neb.-Kearney on Saturday afternoon.
Neither team took more than a five point lead in a first half that saw five ties and ten lead changes. UNK took a 30-25 lead with 4:59 left in the second quarter but Emporia State would answer with a 9-3 run to take a 34-33 lead on Morgan Laudan's fast break layup with 2:06 left. The Lopers took a three point lead with 31 seconds left and Marissa Preston buried a three at the end of the half to send the teams to the locker rooms tied at 39.
The third quarter proved to be the difference in the contest. UNK scored the first five points to go up 44-39 with 8:13 left in the quarter. Emporia State closed to within two at 50-48 with 4:44 left in the period when the Lopers went on a 10-2 run to take the first double digit lead of the game.
The Lady Hornets scored the first five points of the fourth quarter but the Lopers answered with a 7-1 run of their own to take their biggest lead at 69-58 with 6:03 left in the game. Laudan hit a three-pointer, Jessica Wayne hit one of two free throws and Jacee Kramer connected on two free throws to bring ESU within five at 69-64 with 5:10 left. Another layup from Laudan pulled Emporia State to within 71-67 with 4:36 remaining.
Adreon Bell scored inside with under five on the shot clock to give UNK a 73-67 lead with 4:11 left. That would be the last field goal for the Lopers but they would convert 11of 14 free throws in the final 3:29 to ice the victory.
Jacee Kramer had 16 points and was joined in double figures by Morgan Laudan with 13 points, Jessica Wayne with 11 and Marissa Preston and Tiana Moala with ten points each. Laudan had a team high 11 rebounds for their second double-double of the year.
Emporia State will return to White Auditorium on Wednesday, February 7 to take on Northwest Missouri. Tip-off is set for 5:30 p.m.
A derailed freight train between Ely and Peterborough is causing travel chaos this afternoon.
The train is thought to have derailed just after 2pm today (Monday, August 14).
Train operator Greater Anglia confirmed that a train had derailed and said as a result, all lines between Ely and Peterborough are currently blocked.
We will be providing live travel updates below, as well as all your other latest breaking news, traffic and travel for Cambridgeshire.
See below for the latest news on the accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11 and A10, that might affect your route from work.
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will also be updated in the blog.
And we'll also be bringing you the latest news and sport from around the city, and across the country, as well as the best of What's On in the region.
Let us know if you spot anything that may affect your morning commute to work - send us a tweet on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
U.S. Air Force Airmen with the 379th Expeditionary Civil Engineer Squadron work on a New Year's Eve light up ball that their unit repaired at Al Udeid Air Base, Qatar, Dec. 21, 2016. With the hope of spreading holiday cheer, the 379th ECES will be lowering this ball in celebration of the new year. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Cynthia A. Innocenti)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.21.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 08:01 Photo ID: 3082991 VIRIN: 161221-F-SB162-0029 Resolution: 4581x2823 Size: 14.48 MB Location: AL UDEID AIR BASE, QA Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Civil engineer Airmen light up the new year [Image 1 of 4], by SrA Cynthia Innocenti, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
HERE are seven of Toowoomba's best, and most expensive, houses on the market right now.
1. 3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights
3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights. Contributed
THIS four bedroom home overlooking views of the Lockyer Valley is on the market for $1.5 million.
The home, called Lumino, is described by agents McGrath as being generous in proportion and nestled in a stunning garden setting on the edge of the escarpment.
3 Keira Court, Blue Mountain Heights. Contributed
Features of the 65 sqm home include four king-sized bedrooms, three bathrooms, atrium-style living room with 27 foot high ceilings, a kitchen capturing 180 degree views and self-contained guest accomodation.
2. 27 Meehan Rd, Wellcamp
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
DESCRIBED as having size, lifestyle and future capital growth, this Wellcamp home has hit the market for $1.6 million.
The five bedroom, three bathroom home is set on 7.25ha and Ray White agents said it was built sparing no expense with generous proportions for a private family retreat.
27 Meehan Rd, Wellcamp. Contributed
Features of the home include 5m high ceilings, Caesarstone bench tops, entertaining bar area, large covered outdoor area, fruit orchard, herb garden and bird averies and a fenced horse paddock.
3. 5 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge
3 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge. Contributed
LOCATED in one of Toowoomba's best suburbs, this Middle Ridge home set on a 4144 sqm block is priced at $1.2 million.
Agents Queensland Hot Property described the home as luxury living with the best of both worlds.
3 Nielsen Court, Middle Ridge. Contributed
The home is set in a quiet cul-de-sac surrounded by native bush land as well as offering the finest in modern living.
Features include a large kitchen, backyard entertainment area, main bedroom with walk-in-wardrobe and grand ensuite as well as a detatched garage that can be turned into a granny flat, games room or office.
4. 8 Panda St, Harristown
8 Panda St, Harristown. Contributed
WHEN you look inside this Toowoomba home it is truly like going back in time, at a price of $1.235 million.
The Smithfield Homestead is an iconic Bluestone residence that was originally by James Markets and Son for the former mayor of Toowoomba - James Taylor.
8 Panda St, Harristown. Contributed
Agents Cloud Real Estate said purchasing the property was an unmissable opportunity to seize a piece of history in a central Toowoomba location.
Features of the home include 4m ceilings, chandeliers, wide verandahs, ballroom and six bedrooms.
5. 6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty
6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty. Contributed
THIS Tuscan style home was designed and built by multi award winning builder Jeff Bubeck from Downs Designer Homes and is now on the market for $1.1 million.
Agents from York Realty described the five bedroom and three bathroom home as having a large family rumpus room and breath taking central atrium with cathedral-like 17 foot ceilings.
6 Sherwood St, Mount Lofty. Contributed
Other features of the home include wrought iron stair case, home theatre, outdoor entertainment area, granite kitchen and three-car garages.
6. 25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba
25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba. Contributed
WITH a prime position in Toowomba, this English colonial property is going for offers above $1.195 million.
Agents PRDnationwide said the property, Beccles, was a stunning fusion of architectural and interior design that had been passionately renovated and extended to provide five-star family living.
25 Margaret St, East Toowoomba. Contributed
The house is set on 1212 sqm of terraced gardens with bluestone walls and five separate paved garden areas.
The home also features three seperate living areas, large kitchen with a butler's pantry, polished floors and high ceilings.
7. 121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
ANOTHER property located in one of Toowoomba's prime areas is currently on the market via expressions of interest.
Agents Webster Cavanagh said the breathtaking 1950s brick residence was set on a magnificent 3035 sqm allotment surrounded by establish gardens in one of Toowoomba's most prestigious locations.
121 Tourist Rd, Rangeville. Contributed
The 267 sqm home features four bedrooms, three bathrooms, multiple living spaces, open-plan kitchen, undercover outdoor entertaining area, in ground floor heating and is only minutes to Picnic Point.
This time of year always leads to reflection, although I have successfully resisted these kinds of post until now. Just like I don't think we should run “predictions”.
The reason this post exists is that someone emailed me to say that another blog owner says that Whaleoil should be grateful for all the traffic it sends our way.
It caused me to have a look at last year's incoming links traffic. No surprise, the most visitors come directly from searches, followed by Twitter and Facebook where we publish our links and stories.
Here is Whaleoil's Top Ten for incoming visitors that do not use a bookmark or type in the site address.
Those are annual figures. So on average, Kiwiblog sends us almost 77 visitors every day of the year.
As you know, there has been a deliberate effort to stop people coming to Whaleoil from other blogs, newspapers and Social Justice Bully web sites. Some of those are quite successful.
The New Zealand Herald only sent us 485 readers for the whole of 2016. That's about 1.3 “people” a day, every day. So they are extremely successful at not “leaking” their readers to us. Although Cam would take it personally, I have noticed that the NZ Herald link very, very rarely. They even copy/paste full articles from other media such as the Daily Mail and they don't even attribute, let alone provide a link.
The Standard has been judiciously using a “do not link” service to hide any incoming links to Whaleoil. But that in itself makes it easy to identify.
954 visitors came via the “do not link” service in addition to about 350 slip-ups where they must have linked directly after all. A total of approximately 1300 visitors in a year, thereby providing us with more than double the readers compared to the NZ Herald.
Some of our traffic comes from unexpected places. underwear4men.com has sent us 213 readers. Goodness knows why. Although we did run a story on Kim Dotcom's underpants once. Legitimately. An actual photo of their custom-made underwear. You never know what interests people I guess.
This one will be of interest to Colin Craig, who suggests a conspiracy between John Stringer and Whaleoil. Stringer runs the CoNZervative Blog, which sent us a whopping…. 39 readers for 2016. Some conspiracy.
As for being grateful to other blogs for their traffic?
Chris Trotter? 5,232.
PM of NZ? 1,235.
No Minister? 935.
YourNZ? 472.
LF? 281.
So should we be grateful… to anyone? Not really. Here's Google Analytics showing our HOURLY sessions. That's as close to “visitors” and doesn't count page views.
December is a slow month for everyone. But even on, say, the 24th of December, our peak sessions for the busiest hour was 1,121. That means we have 1,121 unique IP numbers coming in during the hour spending time on Whaleoil. In a SINGLE hour.
That puts the traffic we get from other sites in perspective.
Whatever we get from Kiwiblog in a year, on an average DAY, we get that in about 7 or 8 hours.
What we get from the NZ Herald in a year, we get in less than 30 minutes.
So are we grateful for any traffic other NZ sites send us? In principle, yes.
Practically, they might as well not exist.
Prologue Epilogue: The project to starve Whaleoil of incoming traffic from other news sites and blogs has clearly been successful. The numbers are practically close to zero. And yet, here we are. Still.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — Donald Trump has only hinted at the future of NASA.
But their campaign suggestions – more deep space exploration, less Earth science – seem to bode well for Alabama and for Marshall Space Flight Center.
The center's 6,000-person workforce is a key part of Huntsville's economy. And deep space exploration plays to Marshall's strengths as NASA's propulsion center and manager of the Space Launch System (SLS), the new rocket capable of going beyond Earth orbit to deep space.
NASA employees here say they heard the question often over the holidays: “How do you feel about Trump?” One employee's answer seemed to stand out: “We're certainly better positioned than last time.”
The last time the White House changed occupants, incoming President Barack Obama canceled the NASA rocket program being developed in Huntsville. Constellation, as it was called, was designed for America's space goals under Obama's predecessor, former President George W. Bush. It was to enable a permanent moon base to support missions to “Mars and other destinations.”
Constellation employed 500 NASA civil service workers and nearly 2,000 contractor employees in Huntsville. In the budget fight that followed, only the NASA employees kept their jobs.
Obama cut Constellation from their 2010 budget after a study panel found it behind schedule and over-budget. That finding fit with Obama's preference to spend money on Earth science, including climate change research, and developing commercial space companies like SpaceX and Orbital ATK. Those companies are now sometimes referred to as “new space.”
During Obama's two terms, SpaceX would receive more than $4 billion in government funding to help develop a rocket and capsule that now supplies the International Space Station and will eventually fly astronauts there.
But a Senate led by Sen. Richard Shelby and other NASA-state lawmakers forced Obama to also fund a sort of Constellation-light program NASA named the Space Launch System. The SLS booster and Orion capsule are being built by what are called “legacy” space companies such as Boeing and Lockheed Martin.
“It seems to me the re-election of Sen. (Richard) Shelby will have more impact on Huntsville than Mr. Trump,” George Washington University space policy expert John Logsdon said two days after the election.
Logsdon spoke before Sen. Jeff Sessions emerged as Trump's choice for Attorney General and one of their closest advisers. Sessions even has the power to influence NASA's next administrator, according to the Wall Street Journal.
During the campaign, Trump surrogate and former Congressman Robert Walker said Trump wants NASA focused on deep space again, not climate science. Talk started about returning to the moon as a first step to Mars.
Now, America's government and commercial space workforce waits to see, first, who Trump chooses to lead NASA. That will be a clue to the agency's direction for the next four years.
Candidates mentioned for the job include a member of congress, Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla), who favors a return to the moon; former NASA associate administrator Dan Cooke; and former NASA Administrator Mike Griffin. They also like deep space missions.
Since the election, the space press has also closely followed the appointments to Trump's NASA transition team. Early reports said Sessions had tilted its makeup toward deep space and the projects NASA in Alabama does best. More recently, advocates for “new space” got Trump's ear and were added to the transition team for “balance.”
As for Trump, space isn't a priority yet. They tweeted during the campaign that they were “very sad to see what BarackObama has done with NASA. They have gutted the program and made us dependent on the Russians.” That was a reference to NASA having to pay for rides to the space station aboard Russia's Soyuz rocket.
But Trump also told a young boy who asked about NASA during a town hall that, “Right now, we have bigger problems – you understand that? We've got to fix our potholes.”
The agency's future is a question with three parts: What will be its mission under Trump? Who will decide? And who will provide the rockets, probes, and crew quarters for that mission? The first two questions are about national strategy; the third will essentially be a fight over government funding.
Here's a fourth question to consider as Trump's NASA plan unfolds. Will a return to the moon, even permanently, excite the young people now dubbed “the Mars generation”?
Huntsville attorney Mark McDaniel was on the NASA Advisory Council when George W. Bush was president. They say Bush's old plan might make a good new plan.
“I personally think deep space is something the government should do,” McDaniel said, noting that the moon is deep space. “We talked about that when I was on the Advisory Council. The key word (in Bush's plan) was ‘beyond.' We were going to the moon, Mars and beyond.
“If you go back and it's in preparation for going to Mars, an asteroid or beyond Mars, that's great,” McDaniel said. “We as a nation have to do things that have never been done before.”If you say we're just going back to the moon,” McDaniel said, “been there, done that.”
Business owners say they are still working to assess the extent of the damage at Tyler Welders Supply.
Wednesday, employees at the business returned to work as firefighters monitored small flames that still burned from the exploded cylinders.
We spoke with Janson Ruyle, the co-owner of cylinder solutions, a company under Tyler Welders Supply, and they told us about the work that needs to be done in the coming days.
A closer look at the damage was still on hold Wednesday, as long as the cylinders are still burning.
"They're still smoldering a little bit and we have people out now that are testing the parts per million to make sure that it is safe to actually put out the fire," says Rule. "Acetylene cylinders are never considered empty. It is a flame so you are concerned, but our concerns are much lower as they were."
From insurance agents to firefighters, all were on site as Ruyle reflected on the damage.
"We were very thankful that the things we had in place, the way that we designed the facility is there, and we designed it in a way that everything was separated," says Ruyle.
The next step is for the Smith County Fire Marshal's Office to come in and figure out how the explosion happened, so the recovery process can begin.
"There are things that when we rebuild we are going to do differently, just like anybody would," says Ruyle.
They say they'll have further safety in mind and will remain thankful everyone is okay as they begin to learn about what really happened.
"One guy we had, they had a brand-new truck, it was six months old and we asked them why they didn't take it and they said well, ‘I can buy a new truck, but I want to go home to my family,' " says Ruyle.
OSHA tells us they do not currently have an investigation into the incident and that no complaints were filed. They say that companies are not required to notify them if there are not any injuries if an incident happens.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Honoring Edgar Martinez at the Space Needle
Check out the pics from this weekend's ceremony honoring Edgar Martinez at the Space Needle!
REMINDERS
Knights of Columbus Abington Council No. 6611 Bingo, at 7 p.m. every second Tuesday in the Lady of the Snows Gathering Room. Cost: no cover charge; Bingo cards are 50 cents each or three for $1 per game. Complimentary light refreshments served. Wheelchair accessible. Info: call Chris Kane at 570-587-1390.
Alzheimer's Association of Greater PA support group meetings, 7 to 8 p.m. the last Tuesday of every month at Elan Gardens, 465 Venard Road, Clarks Summit. Info: call Rhonda Fallk at 570-585-8099 or Rita Fenton at 570-586-0179.
Stroke Support Group meetings, 6 p.m. the first Wednesday of every month at Moses Taylor Hospital. For survivors of stroke and their caregivers. Cost: free. RSVP/info: call Colleen Dodgson at 570-770-5257.
The Lackawanna Historical Society's Civil War Roundtable meetings, at 7 p.m. the second Tuesday of each month at the Catlin House, 232 Monroe Ave., Scranton. Membership is open to anyone with an interest in the Civil War era, 1861-1865. Annual dues: $20 for individuals and $25 for families. Reservations are required. Info: 570-344-3841 or email lackawannahistory@gmail.com.
Over-eaters Anonymous meetings, 7 p.m. Tuesdays, 9:30 a.m. Thursdays, 9:45 a.m. Saturdays and 3 p.m. Sundays at First Presbyterian Church of Clarks Summit. Cost: free. Info: 570-587-4313.
Abington Lions Club used eyeglasses collection, at Abington Community Library. Collected eyeglasses will be recycled and distributed to needy people in the United States and countries abroad. A yellow container is set up in the library.
The Women of Trinity Lutheran Church's Monthly Bible Study, 12 p.m. the second Wednesday of each month at 205 W. Grove St., Clarks Summit. A light lunch is served, followed by fellowship and a Bible study. Cost: free. Info: call Joyce at 570-222-3041 or Carole at 570-587-1088.
All-You-Can-Eat Breakfast, 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. the third Sunday of every month at the Clarks Summit Fire Company No. 1, Inc., 321 Bedford St., Clarks Summit. Cost: $9 for adults and $6 for children 10 and under.
Rotary Club of the Abingtons weekly meetings, 12:10 p.m. on Thursdays at the Ramada and 6 p.m. Tuesdays at Blu Wasabi.
Bereavement Support Group, 6 to 8 p.m. the third Thursday of each month and 12:30 to 2 p.m. the second Wednesday of each month at VNA Hospice and Home Health, 301 Delaware Ave., Olyphant. Park in the rear of building and enter through glass door. This traditional group assists participants in learning to cope with the new challenges facing them as they grieve. Facilitated by professional counselors. Info: 570-383-5180.
Clarks Summit Farmers Market, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays, Jan. 7 through April 8 at the Clarks Summit United Methodist Church. Features about 13 vendors, selling baked goods, jams, jerky, fresh meats, honey and more. Info: clarkssummitfarmersmarket.com.
National Remember Our Troops Campaign seeks representatives. A nonprofit organization dedicated to meeting the needs of military service members, veterans and their families. Various volunteer and paid opportunities are available. Info: nrotc.org.
CHILDREN'S & TEENS' EVENTS
Craft Workshop and Film Showing featuring ‘Matilda,' Feb. 18 at the The Scranton Cultural Center at the Masonic Temple. Craft workshop will begin at 10 a.m. and the film showing at 11 a.m. The film is approximately 98 minutes in length and is rated PG. Presented by Toyota of Scranton and sponsored by: NEPA Pediatrics, Smiles 4 Keeps, UGI, Giant Floor, Lackawanna County and the Pennsylvania Council on the Arts. Cost: Tickets are free; convenience charges apply when ordering online or by phone. Tickets: available at the Fidelity Bank Box Office at the SCC in person or by calling 570- 344-1111, or online via Ticketmaster.
Kids Create Writing Funshop, 2:30 to 3:30 p.m. Feb. 19 at the Abington Community Library. Children in grades 3-4 will discover their unique voices and write with the help of books, games and hands-on activities taught by two experienced facilitators. Each week during a four-week session, children will participate in an inspiring warm-up activity, freewriting, sharing and editing. Facilitated by Angela Schobel, recently retired elementary school teacher and parent and Anne Stopper, journalist, published author and parent. Runs weekly from Feb. 19 until March 12.
Scholarship Party with Jennifer Kresock, Noon to 2 p.m. Feb. 25 at the Abington Community Library. Enjoy light refreshments while completing college scholarship applications. Scholarship websites and databases will be provided. Students should bring a laptop or tablet. Event includes prizes, food, and scholarship search strategies and tips for winning scholarships. For middle school, high school, and college students.
Little People and Nature, 10 to 11 a.m. Tuesdays, March 7 through 28 and 10 to 11 a.m. Wednesdays, March 8 through 29 at the Dietrich Theater. For ages 2 1/2 to 5. Join Rebecca Lesko, of the Endless Mountains Nature Center for this hands-on nature program. Little ones and their favorite adults will explore and learn about various nature topics each week, including owls, creepy critters, groundhogs and seeds of life, through crafts, role-playing, games, stories and more. Cost: free; sponsored by the Overlook Estate Foundation. Info: 570-996-1500.
DAILY EVENTS
Flynn's monthly outreach assistance, 9 a.m. to noon Feb. 15 at the South Abington Township Building, 2nd floor meeting room, 104 Shady Lane Road, Chinchilla. A staff member from state Rep. Marty Flynn's office will be available to help with PennDOT paperwork, unemployment compensation, workers' compensation, PACE/PACENET prescription-drug coverage, unclaimed property searches and any other state-related matter. Info: 570-342-4348.
Financial Peace University, 6:30 to 8 p.m. Feb. 15 at Clarks Green Assembly of God, 204 S. Abington Road. This nine-week class, taught by money expert Dave Ramsey via DVD, includes lessons on how to get out of debt, create a budget, make wise spending decisions, save for the future and more. Facilitators: Jay and Gina Jayne. Childcare provided. Info: call 570-587-0077 or 267-424-1883.
The NEPA Coast Guard Veterans Association's monthly meeting, 6 p.m. Feb. 15 at Perkins Restaurant on route 315 in Pittston Twp. All Coast Guard veterans or active duty members are welcome to attend or they may contact Neil Morrison at 570-288-6818 for more info.
The Northeast Tree Fruit Meeting, Feb. 16 at the Iron Skillet Restaurant in the Petro Plaza, Avoca. Registration is at 8:45 a.m. and the meeting starts at 9 a.m. Commercial tree fruit growers have an opportunity to learn from Penn State Extension specialists who are experts in their program areas and discuss current tree fruit issues. Cost: $25 if received by Feb. 10 or $30 at the door. Register: bit.ly/2kRb5SO or 570-988-3952. Info: 570-316-6516.
The 13th Annual Clarks Summit Festival of Ice, Feb. 17-20 at various downtown Clarks Summit venues. This year's festival is themed “Ice. Lights. Broadway.” Presented by the Abington Business and Professional Association, it features live ice carvings, more than 50 ice sculptures, live music and more. The event will kick off with a parade at 7:30 p.m. Friday, Feb. 17. Cost: free. Info: theabingtons.org.
Abington Christian Academy's Pie for Breakfast fundraiser, 8:30 to 11 a.m. Feb. 18 at the Clarks Green Assembly of God, 204 South Abington Road, Clarks Green. Features a variety of sweet and savory homemade pies, with gluten-free items available. Cost: $8 for adults and $4 for children ages 3 to 6. Proceeds benefit the school's general fund. Info: call 570-586-5270 or visit the school's Facebook page.
American Red Cross Blood Drive, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. Feb. 18 at the Trinity Lutheran Church Parish Center, 205 W. Grove St, Clarks Summit. Call 1-800-733-2767 or visit redcrossblood.org to schedule an appointment. Walk-ins also welcome.
Fall Lions Club Game Dinner, 1 to 3 p.m. Feb. 19 at Ardee's Foodrinkery, Rt. 92, Falls. Proceeds benefit the club's charities. Cost: $12 for adults and $8 for children.
Wyoming Seminary Visitation Day, 8:30 a.m. Feb. 20 at the Upper School in Kingston and Lower School in Forty Forts. Open to area elementary, middle and high school students and their families. Info/reservations: 570-718-6610 or wyomingseminary.org.
Griffin Pond Animal Shelter fundraiser, 11 a.m. to 11:30 p.m. at Tully's Good Times, 820 Northern Blvd., Clarks Summit. Ten percent of each purchase will be donated to the shelter. A printed coupon must be presented to a server for the shelter to receive the funds.
St. John's Russian Orthodox Cathedral Homemade Pierogi sale, noon to 4 p.m. March 1 at St. John's Center, Hill St. Mayfield. Cost: $7 per dozen (deep fried or uncooked). Orders: call 570-876-0730 or 570-876-3576 or fax 570-876-2534 no later than Feb. 27. Business orders will be delivered upon request.
Serving Seniors, Inc.'s Annual Pre-Saint Patrick's Day Cocktail Party, to 8 p.m. March 3 at Glenmaura National Golf Club in Moosic. Includes an open bar, hors d'oeuvres and entertainment. Proceeds benefit the programs of Serving Seniors, Inc. Cost: $40. Tickets/info: 570-344-3931 or servsen@epix.net.
The Scranton Chapter of UNICO's 58th annual charity fundraiser, March 4 at Genetti's Manor. Entertainment will be provided by The Poets. Reservations (required): 570-558-8519.
Sullivan's March: Our Heritage, 3 p.m. March 5 at the Dietrich Theater. The Endless Mountains region is dotted with historical markers for Sullivan's March and Wyoming County alone has three. Engaging Sullivan's March was President Washington's response to the Wyoming Valley Massacre that killed more than 300 settlers of nearby Forty Forts in 1778. This massacre changed the course of the Revolutionary War, sending General Sullivan to eradicate the Great Iroquois Confederacy, known as the Six Nations. Ed McMullen, historian and reenactor, will tell the tale of this important part of local history and heritage and how to travel the trail in person. Cost: free.
‘Gnocchs and Jokes' suicide prevention fundraiser, 7 p.m. March 25 at Green Ridge Om Wellness Center, located in the old Ritz Building at 222 Wyoming Ave., Scranton. Benefits the Northeast Suicide Prevention Initiative. Each guest will be served a small plate of a specially made gnocchi with salad and drink, served until the start of show. Opening acts start at 7 p.m., followed by headliner Teri Granahan. Cost: $30. Reservations (required): 570-507-9494.
Understanding Your Journey Through Grief, 2 to 3:30 p.m. Sundays, March 26 through June 4 (excluding April 16) at the Dietrich Theater. For ages 18 and up. Led by Laura Hasenzahl, M.A., CGC, the group will study and discuss the book “Understanding Your Grief” by Alan B. Wilfelt. Cost: $185 (includes cost of books and materials). Info: 570-996-1500.
The Greater Scranton Chamber of Commerce's 149th Annual Dinner, March 29. Time and venue to be announced. Philadelphia Eagles long snapper and America's Got Talent finalist Jon Dorembos will be the keynote speaker. Info/tickets: scrantonchamber.com.
http://theabingtonjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_ABJ-Calendars-3.jpg
Reach the Abington Journal newsroom at 570-587-1148 or news@theabingtonjournal.com.
Reach the Abington Journal newsroom at 570-587-1148 or news@theabingtonjournal.com.
New Delhi: The Greek god of Bollywood, Hrithik Roshan is eyeing January 25 to surprise their fans with 'Kaabil'. The film will portray them and Yami Gautam for play visually impaired couple for the first time ever on-screen.
Hrithik shared yet another motion poster of 'Kaabil' on Twitter which shows them in a tough, gritty avatar with glimpses of Yami in it too. The film is surely going to have a Sanjay Gupta stamp on it as they are helmer of this thriller. They wished everyone a happy new year with this poster.
HAPPY NEW YEAR beautiful people!! This year. Arise. Stand for what's right and #BeKaabil. https://t.co/oDTFs7I24u — Hrithik Roshan (@iHrithik) January 1, 2017
'Kaabil' will be clashing with Shah Rukh Khan's 'Raees' on January 25, 2017. The trailer, songs and teaser, all have impressed the viewers so far.
So, are you ready for it?
Watch Motion Poster here:
THE RIGHT TO VERIFICATION OF THE DEBT AND IDENTITY OF THE ORIGINAL CREDITOR WITHIN THE TIME PROVIDED BY LAW IS NOT AFFECTED BY THIS ACTION.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, that default has occurred in conditions of the following described mortgage:
DATE OF MORTGAGE:
October 12, 2006
MORTGAGOR: Patti Valenta and James Valenta, wife and husband.
MORTGAGEE: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc.
DATE AND PLACE OF RECORDING: Recorded October 25, 2006 Chisago County Recorder, Document No. A476617.
ASSIGNMENTS OF MORTGAGE: Assigned to: LaSalle Bank, N.A. as trustee for the MLMI Trust, Series 2007-HE3. Dated December 20, 2006 Recorded February 1, 2008, as Document No. A494729. And thereafter assigned to: U.S. Bank, National Association, as successor trustee to Bank of America, N.A., as successor by merger to LaSalle Bank, N.A., as trustee for the Certificateholders of the MLMI Trust, Mortgage Loan Asset-Backed Certificates, Series 2007-HE3. Dated April 10, 2013 Recorded April 16, 2013, as Document No. A556745.
TRANSACTION AGENT: Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems, Inc.
TRANSACTION AGENTS MORTGAGE IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON MORTGAGE:
100195910003284406
LENDER OR BROKER AND MORTGAGE ORIGINATOR STATED ON MORTGAGE: First NLC Financial Services, LLC, DBA The Lending Center
RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE SERVICER:
Nationstar Mortgage LLC
MORTGAGED PROPERTY ADDRESS: 27346 Jody Avenue, Chisago City, MN 55013
TAX PARCEL I.D. #: 13.11029.08
LEGAL DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY:
Lot Three (3), Block Two (2), Golden Willow Estates 3rd Plat, Chisago County, Minnesota.
COUNTY IN WHICH PROPERTY IS LOCATED: Chisago
ORIGINAL PRINCIPAL AMOUNT OF MORTGAGE: $234,000.00
AMOUNT DUE AND CLAIMED TO BE DUE AS OF DATE OF NOTICE, INCLUDING TAXES, IF ANY, PAID BY MORTGAGEE:
$299,097.91
That prior to the commencement of this mortgage foreclosure proceeding Mortgagee/Assignee of Mortgagee complied with all notice requirements as required by statute; That no action or proceeding has been instituted at law or otherwise to recover the debt secured by said mortgage, or any part thereof;
PURSUANT to the power of sale contained in said mortgage, the above described property will be sold by the Sheriff of said county as follows:
DATE AND TIME OF SALE:
February 10, 2017 at 10:00 AM
PLACE OF SALE: Sheriffs Office, 313 North Main Street, Room 100, Center City, MN to pay the debt then secured by said Mortgage, and taxes, if any, on said premises, and the costs and disbursements, including attorneys fees allowed by law subject to redemption within six (6) months from the date of said sale by the mortgagor(s), their personal representatives or assigns unless reduced to Five (5) weeks under MN Stat. 580.07.
TIME AND DATE TO VACATE PROPERTY: If the real estate is an owner-occupied, single-family dwelling, unless otherwise provided by law, the date on or before which the mortgagor(s) must vacate the property if the mortgage is not reinstated under section 580.30 or the property is not redeemed under section 580.23 is 11:59 p.m. on August 10, 2017, unless that date falls on a weekend or legal holiday, in which case it is the next weekday, and unless the redemption period is reduced to 5 weeks under MN Stat. Secs. 580.07 or 582.032.
MORTGAGOR(S) RELEASED FROM FINANCIAL OBLIGATION ON MORTGAGE: None
THE TIME ALLOWED BY LAW FOR REDEMPTION BY THE MORTGAGOR, THE MORTGAGORS PERSONAL REPRESENTATIVES OR ASSIGNS, MAY BE REDUCED TO FIVE WEEKS IF A JUDICIAL ORDER IS ENTERED UNDER MINNESOTA STATUTES, SECTION 582.032, DETERMINING, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THAT THE MORTGAGED PREMISES ARE IMPROVED WITH A RESIDENTIAL DWELLING OF LESS THAN FIVE UNITS, ARE NOT PROPERTY USED IN AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTION, AND ARE ABANDONED.
Dated: December 8, 2016
U.S. Bank National Association
Mortgagee/Assignee of Mortgagee
USSET, WEINGARDEN AND LIEBO, P.L.L.P.
Attorneys for Mortgagee/Assignee of Mortgagee
4500 Park Glen Road #300
Minneapolis, MN 55416
(952) 925-6888
21 – 16-007488 FC
THIS IS A COMMUNICATION FROM A DEBT COLLECTOR.
Published in the
ECM Post Review
December 21, 28, 2016 January 4, 11, 18, 25, 2017
NOTICE OF POSTPONEMENT OF MORTGAGE FORECLOSURE SALE
Pursuant to the provisions of Minnesota Statutes 580.07, the foregoing foreclosure sale is postponed until March 24, 2017 at 10:00 AM at the Sheriffs Office, 313 North Main Street, Room 100, Center City, MN, in said county and state.
Dated: February 9, 2017.
U.S. Bank National Association
Mortgagee/Assignee of Mortgagee
USSET, WEINGARDEN AND LIEBO, P.L.L.P.
Attorneys for Mortgagee/Assignee of Mortgagee
4500 Park Glen Road #300
Minneapolis, MN 55416
(952) 925-6888
21 – 16-007488 FC
THIS IS A COMMUNICATION FROM A DEBT COLLECTOR.
Published in the
ECM Post Review
February 15, 2017
652650
