F1: McLaren's Fall From Grace
Kashyap Mishra FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 41 // 04 Jul 2018, 19:31 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The Glorious Days
Winning is a habit and who would know this better than the once mighty McLaren Formula-1 team. The reason I say ‘once mighty' for a team of the repute of McLaren is solely on the assumption that there is no quick fix to the downfall the team has led itself into post-2014. The team that won 182 races, 12 Driver's Championships and 8 Constructor's Championships is struggling to qualify within the top 10 let alone win races.
Known to produce some of the best champions like Emerson Fittipaldi, James Hunt, Niki Lauda, Ayrton Senna, Mika Hakkinen and Lewis Hamilton, the team had established itself as one of the trendsetters among the grid with its rich history of rapid and fast-paced innovation inspired by its founder Bruce McLaren.
Being the second most successful team in Formula One, the team in its present-day has lost direction which has resulted in the fans losing their optimism of seeing the papaya orange car fighting for podiums if not championships.
"Customer teams cannot win in F1"
Led by the best manager in motorsports, Ron Dennis, the team embarked upon its trophy-laden journey and conquered all that Formula One had to offer. Dennis joined the team in 1981 merging their Project Four Racing with McLaren. They oversaw the most dominant years of McLaren at the helm including the Senna – Prost rivalry that made the sport grab eyeballs globally.
Cut to present day and the team appears in all sorts of disarray having won nothing for the past four seasons. The team has suffered financially and has not had a title sponsor for the past four seasons. Moreover, its employees seem to have grown tired with the constant restructuring of the team's leadership, with Martin Whitmarsh resigning in 2013 in order to make way for the return of Ron Dennis only to spend a couple of seasons as the team principal before being sanctioned on a ‘gardening leave' by McLaren's shareholders.
This led to the appointment of the leadership triumvirate of Zak Brown (CEO), Jonathan Neale (COO) and Eric Boullier (Racing Director) in the hope that this direction would lead the team to compete for championships.
Zak Brown was brought to the team from the perspective of solving the teams sponsoring problem. But that certainly looks an uphill task as the sponsors are clueless of the direction the team wishes to proceed in. The stepping down of Eric Boullier adds more drama to the complexity within the team as the team has agreed that it has quite evidently underperformed to its expectations after partnering with Renault in 2018.
This has resulted in Fernando Alonso losing credibility in McLaren's ability to win podiums and as a result, they have shifted their focus on taking up projects in IndyCar and Le Mans Championships in search for the ‘Triple Crown', a feat only achieved by the great Graham Hill.
Quite interestingly, it was Ron Dennis who had in 2014 earmarked that “Customer teams cannot win in F1”. It was this claim that convinced McLaren to partner with engine suppliers Honda in a bid to recreate the glorious past that the two had achieved. The Honda divorce, after spending three seasons in the midfield, was more of a move to retain Fernando Alonso rather than a long-term solution to the engine problem.
Whatever direction the team manages to take after ousting Eric Boullier from the team, one thing is for sure that there are no clear-cut solutions for this once iconic team up until 2021 when the FIA redesign the regulations of the sport. Until then one can only hope that the team could make frequent appearances in the top 10.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you or anyone you know have bought any of the below items you need to return them to the store and not consume them.
Supermarket brands Asda, Waitrose and Sainsbury's are recalling these products which have the potential to be harmful and dangerous due to defects.
And there's not just food products listed below, a set of popular wireless headphones is being recalled and a high chair, among others, Manchester Evening News reports.
Read on to find out what you need to do - normally it involves returning the product to the store where you bought it from and getting a full refund.
A full list of recalls can be found at the food.gov website.
True Value Candys Jelly Cones
True Value Candys Ltd is recalling Super Jelly Cone and Super Pudding Cone because the products contain carrageenan which is not permitted as an ingredient in jelly mini-cup products as it presents a choking hazard.
Action taken
True Value Candys Ltd is recalling the above products and has informed its customers. A point-of-sale notice will be displayed in all retail stores that are selling these products.
Advice for customers
If you have bought one of the above products do not eat it. Instead, return it to the store from where it was bought.
Naturya Organic Chlorella Powder
Naturya are recalling a batch of Organic Chlorella Powder because the product contains sulphites which are not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk to individuals with a sensitivity to sulphur dioxide and/or sulphites.
Action taken
Naturya is recalling the above product from customers and has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. Please see photo below of the product.
Advice for customers
If you have bought the above product and have a sensitivity to sulphur dioxide and/or sulphites, do not consume it. Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Yorkshire Game 17 Venison Burgers sold in Asda
Yorkshire Game 17 Ltd is recalling Wild Venison Burgers because they contain soya, sulphur dioxide and/or sulphites, and wheat (gluten), which are not emphasised correctly on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to wheat or gluten, an allergy to soya, or a sensitivity to sulphur dioxide and/or sulphites.
Action taken
Yorkshire Game 17 Ltd is recalling the above product from customers and has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall.
Advice for customers
If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to wheat or gluten, an allergy to soya, or a sensitivity to sulphur dioxide and/or sulphites to soya, sulphur dioxide and/or sulphites, or wheat (gluten), do not eat it. Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Remeo Gelato Stracciatella Di Bergamo Gelato sold in Waitrose
Remeo Gelato is recalling a batch of its Stracciatella Di Bergamo Gelato due to a packing error. The product may contain Pistachio ice-cream in error which contains pistachio that is not mentioned on the label.
Action taken
Remeo Gelato is recalling the above product from customers and has been advised to contact the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. The company has also issued a recall notice to its customers.
Advice for customers
If you have bought the above product and have an allergy to nuts, do not eat it. Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund.
Non-food products
ChronicleLive has also stated that other products including headphones and boosters seats have been recalled.
AKG wireless headphones
AKG is carrying out a voluntary recall of N60NCBT Wireless headphones across the European Union.
The carrying case of the AKG N60NCBT Wireless headphones may contain chemicals exceeding the permitted levels under EU regulations and under certain extreme environmental conditions, the carrying cases could contaminate the AKG N60NCBT Wireless headphones.
The headphones are of no health threat to consumers, according to an independent toxicology expert consulted by AKG.
Owners need to return AKG N60NCBT Wireless headphones and carrying cases by completing the form on the AKG website.
Models made between February 16 2018 and July 1 2018 are affected.
(Image: Waitrose)
Wooden highchair
The Koo-di Duo Wooden Highchair sold between July 2017 and April 2018 has been recalled.
In the batch KD430/02-3AH-SS a defect has been detected on four occasions in the plastic at the point where the rear leg screws in to the base of the plastic seat. This can cause the plastic to crack and the leg can potentially break away.
Stop using the highchair immediately, check the batch number on the information label at the back of the seat, and contact Koo-di on 01384 298531 for further information.
Booster Seat
The Venture Three Stage Booster Seat has been recalled as it could cause injuries and suffocation.
Batch code 50700461909323 has an inadequate locking mechanism, restraining and chair attachment system meaning a child may fall off the seat and suffer injuries.
Moreover, the plastic packaging of the product is too large and too thin without being perforated: If a child plays with the packaging, the plastic can cover the mouth and nose, causing the child to suffocate.
Manchester United boss Jose Mourinho effectively conceded the Premier League title to Manchester City on the eve of this weekend's matches - and it is easy to see why given the 15-point gap.
Pep Guardiola's all-conquering men make the short trip to Turf Moor looking to rack up a 23rd win in just 26 league matches.
Sean Dyche's men are flying high in seventh but have endured a dip in form recently, failing to win in their last eight.
That run may well extend on Saturday lunchtime and you can follow all the action below...
Burnley: Pope, Bardsley, Long, Mee, Taylor, Lennon, Hendrick Cork, Gudmundsson, Barnes, Vokes.
Subs: Lowton, Nkoudou Westwood, Wells, Lindegaard, Arfield, O'Neill.
Man City: Ederson, Walker, Kompany, Otamendi, Danilo De Bruyne, Fernandinho, Gundogan, Bernardo Silva, Aguero Sterling.
Subs: Bravo, Laporte, Adarabioyo, Zinchenko, Toure Diaz.
SANTA BARBARA, Calif. — Leland King II had 25 points and a career-high 17 rebounds to help UC Santa Barbara remain tied atop the Big West Conference with a 75-51 win over CSU Northridge on Saturday night.
The victory improved the Gauchos' home record to 11-0, their best ever start to a season. Their overall record of 18-5 is their best overall start since the 1988-89 team did the same. In conference they are tied with UC Davis at 7-2.
UCSB first pulled away with an 8-2 run to end the first half with a 32-25 lead. The Gauchos then kept CSU Northridge (5-18, 2-7) at bay until going on a 19-1 run to lead 68-44.
Max Heidegger added four 3-pointers and 14 points, Marcus Jackson scored 12 and Ami Lakoju 10 for UC Santa Barbara.
BOSTON -- When it comes to Rafael Devers, perhaps it's time to put age aside. Red Sox manager John Farrell did Monday night.
The 20-year-old blasted two more homers Monday night in a 7-3 loss to the Indians. They have three over their last two games -- they tied Sunday night's game against the Yankees, homering to left field on a 102.8-mph Aroldis Chapman fastball -- and has six homers through their first 16 games.
Devers seemingly joins rarified Red Sox elite every other night, too. Since 1913, only three Red Sox hitters hit multiple homers in one game: Ted Williams, Tony Conigliaro and Devers.  They are the second Red Sox hitter in the last 100 years to hit six homers through their first 16 games, joining Sam Horn.
"What we've seen the last two days has been nothing short of impressive," Farrell said.
Devers is only the second left-handed batter to ever homer off Chapman and, according to Elias, the youngest batter to ever hit a homer off him. That they followed up such a massive homer with two more -- they homered in their first two at-bats Monday -- is astounding.
So too, is the way he's doing it.
Devers' swing appears to be a perfect fit for Fenway. Five of their six homers, including their second inning homer Monday, were hit to the opposite field. They can do it early in the count (his second inning homer came on an 0-1 Trevor Bauer fastball) and late in the count. Their fourth-inning laser was golfed to right field, turning an 0-2 knuckle-curve around for a homer.
"The fact they hit a breaking ball basically on their shoe tops, to hit it out of the ball park is very unique for any hitter of any age," Farrell said. "It's impressive."
When asked about their furious start, Devers has remained consistent. It's not as easy at it looks, they reminded reporters Monday night. The Monster looming in left hasn't changed their approach, he's said several times.
"I've always swung like that," Devers said via a translator. "I don't try to put anything extra on it. I'm not trying to break the ball or anything like that. I'm just trying to put a good swing on a pitch."
Farrell doesn't seem overly concerned the flood of success -- or perhaps the realization of the magnitude of their current role -- will affect Devers.
"He's a humble young guy," Farrell said. "There's genuine confidence there, but he's not boisterous in any way. He's all about baseball. He's all eyes and ears in their work sessions, and even in games where he's not in a starting role. The game is a priority to him."
Monday also offered a reminder of how quickly Devers has become a relied upon bat in the middle of Boston's lineup.
Prior to the game, former Red Sox third baseman Pablo Sandoval penned an essay in the Players Tribune detailing how they were never comfortable, often feeling "lost." And while it's a convenient thing to write after their dismal three years in Boston, the Red Sox certainly took a loss on that investment -- a five-year, $95 million contract Sandoval never lived up to.
During the game, another potential investment -- one the Red Sox never showed much interest in making -- prospered for a team they could possibly face in the playoffs, as Edwin Encarnacion ripped two homers over the Monster in left field, driving in four runs.
Encarnacion now has 26 this season -- eight more than any Red Sox player. Encarnacion was long rumored as possible David Ortiz replacement in Boston. Those rumors fizzled, though, and Encarnacion signed a 3-year, $65 million deal this off-season -- a relative bargain for someone who has hit 34 or more homers in each of the last five seasons.
It's unclear how close the Red Sox came to signing Encarnacion. Not even manager John Farrell knows.
"I have no idea on that," Farrell said. "I really don't. He's a well-known power hitter. A threat in any lineup. He's having another big year. But I have no idea how close we were or were not to signing him."
Boston's lack of power is well-documented this year, too. It entered Monday 26th in the Majors in homers (121) and 17th in OPS (.743). Sure, a bat like Encarnacion's would've been a boon.
But so too is the addition of Devers. They and 23-year-old Andrew Benintendi (another homer Monday, four in four games) are providing the pop through early August. And it's certainly injected some life into the Red Sox offense.
"It's good to see the ball travel like that," Farrell said.
Whether Devers can sustain this production down the stretch as Boston inches toward a playoff spot and the league gathers more scouting on them is a legit question.
But it's rare to see many hitters, let alone 20-year-old hitters, do what he's done in 16 games.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It may have been a tap in from 12 yards into an empty net by Lee Brown will forever be remembered as the man who sent Bristol Rovers back to League One.
Brown hit the injury-time winner, following up a rebound off the post from a Matty Taylor strike, in the 2015/16 season to earn Rovers automatic promotion from League Two with a 2-1 victory over Dagenham & Redbridge.
Tonight, after the 1-1 draw with Wigan Athletic, Rovers manager Darrell Clarke revealed the defender will leave the club at the end of the season .
Brown, 27, is one of the longest serving players at the club, having played 301 games in seven seasons, netting 22 goals.
And Gasheas reacted with an outpouring of emotion to the news they will leave at the end of the season.
Here is what they had to say:
West Indies vs ICC World XI: 5 reasons why such matches should happen more often
India and Pakistan cricketers can play together in these games!
Rupin Kale FEATURED WRITER Feature 30 May 2018, 22:03 IST 1.13K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
India and Pakistan players can play together in these matches
The West Indian cricket team is all set to take on the ICC World XI for a fund-raising T20 game at the Lords Cricket Ground in England on Thursday (May 31).
Many international stars like Shahid Afridi, Rashid Khan, Dinesh Karthik, and Mohammad Shami will contest against the current World T20 Champions on the day.
While the West Indian team will be lead by Carlos Braithwaite, Shahid Afridi will take the leadership baton of the World XI from Eoin Morgan, who cannot participate in the match due to a sudden injury.
Chris Gayle, Andre Russell, Samuel Badri, and Evin Lewis have all been included in the squad of the World T20 Champions. On the other hand, Dinesh Karthik, Rashid Khan, Mohamed Shami, Luke Ronchi, and Tamim Iqbal will play alongside Afridi in the World XI.
The last World XI game organized by ICC was back in September 2017, with a three-match T20 series that was conducted to initiate international cricket in Pakistan once again. The series was won by the home side by a 2-1 margin.
The finances raised on the day will be going in rebuilding the stadiums that were damaged due to the hurricanes in the Carribean islands last year.
Here is why World XI games should take place more often in international cricket:
#5 International rivals playing together
When ICC organizes World XI matches, it brings together cricketers from different countries in a single team. While this concept is at the crux of domestic T20 leagues like IPL and CPL, it finds form in international cricket on very rare occasions.
Moreover, certain things that do not take place in these leagues happen in World XI matches. For instance, India and Pakistan internationals can play together for this team and thus, tick a box they would not have been able to otherwise.
Additionally, the performances that these players put up in these games are added to their international tallies, naturally becoming more valuable than their statistics in domestic leagues.
Into the Badlands is getting some fresh meat in Season 3 in the form of Lorraine Toussaint.
Deadline reports Toussaint will play the role of Cressida, a self-styled Prophetess and mentor to Pilgrim.  They are their spiritual guide, political counsel and chief military strategist. Into the Badlands' third season scored itself a 16-episode order likely to premiere in the spring of 2018.
The show centers on the story of Sunny (Daniel Wu), a deadly warrior and their companion M.K (Aramis Knight), a teenage boy with dark powers. Together, they travel through dangerous feudal territory seeking enlightenment.
Toussaint most recently played Donna Rosewood on Rosewood and Carole Moore on Shots Fired. They ended their tenure on Orange is the New Black back in 2014 after playing Yvonne "Vee" Parker, the antagonist of Season 2.
Into the Badlands is scheduled to return in 2018 to AMC.
CLOSE According to a federal study released on Tuesday, one in every five middle and high school students has complained of being bullied at school, while the number of reported incidents of sexual assaults on college campuses has more than tripled over the past ten years. Wochit
People are pouring out support on social media for Keaton Jones, a Union County boy who appeared in a viral anti-bullying video. (Photo: Screenshot from video posted by Keaton's mother, Kimberly Jones)
The anti-bullying video of a Union County middle schooler went viral over the weekend, garnering the attention of the Tennessee Titans and the University of Tennessee Vols football teams.
Kimberly Jones posted the video of their son, Keaton, on their Facebook page Friday shortly after 12:30 p.m. They said they had just picked Keaton up from school because they were too afraid to go to lunch as a result of bullying.
More: Sean Hannity to Snoop Dogg: Celebrities stand with bullied East Tennessee boy
Despite some other media reports, Keaton is not a student in Knox County, according to Carly Harrington, Knox County Schools spokesperson. Rather, they attend Horace Maynard Middle School in Maynardville, in Union County. They used to attend Knox County but left in July 2017, according to Harrington.
Sign Up: Get breaking news headlines in your email.
"For the record, Keaton asked to do this AFTER they had me pick them up AGAIN because they were afraid to go to lunch," Jones wrote in their Facebook post.
"My kids are by no stretch perfect, and at home, he's as all boy as they come, but by all accounts he's good at school. Talk to your kids. I've even had friends of mine tell me (their) kids were only nice to them to get them to mess with people. We all know how it feels to want to belong, but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere," they wrote.
More: Principal responds to viral Keaton Jones bullying video: 'It's not as rampant as the video would have you believe'
In the video, Keaton, crying in the passenger seat, describes having milk poured on them and ham put down theirs clothes.
"Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What's the point of it?" Keaton began. "Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to 'em? It's not okay."
Meet Keaton Jones a very smart little boy who is being bullied at school. This video is heartbreaking!! I want to bring Keaton to Vegas and hang out at UFC Headquarters. If anyone knows how i can reach the family please let me know. Thank u everyone pic.twitter.com/BR8c4ldDFc — Dana White (@danawhite) December 10, 2017
Keaton said kids at school make fun of their nose, call them ugly and tell them they have no friends.
Jones, in another social media post on Oct. 18, described one such incident. At a birthday party, they wrote, another boy said they knew Keaton by their scars, one that "goes all the way across their face."
Jones wrote that their son was born with a tumor.
"It's not OK!" Keaton cried in their video. "People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. But if you are made fun of, don't let it bother you. They suck I guess. Hard. But it will probably get better one day."
Within hours, the post had thousands of views. By Saturday night it had been viewed more than 11 million times and shared by nearly 250,000 people.
Vols, Titans get involved
University of Tennessee Vols sophomore wide receiver Tyler Byrd saw the video and tweeted Saturday afternoon that they and several teammates are planning to pay Keaton a visit at school Tuesday.
We're going to the middle school next Tuesday show young Man some love we will also TWITTER LIVE some of it so everyone can show there love and support #vols#StopBullying@cboystunna3@BroadwayJay2@JKShuttlesworth@smithtrey98 — Tyler Byrd (@D1fuzzymuffin17) December 9, 2017
Shortly thereafter, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker posted a video of themselves reading a quote by Guatama Buddha.
"Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think. Joy follows a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves,” they read, before adding, "You can be whoever you want to be. Sorry that bullying has been taking place at your school. Hopefully this video and all the tweets that are being put out there make awareness to stop bullying."
@DonteStallworth@Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker (@delaniewalker82) December 9, 2017
Then they extended an invitation to Keaton and their family to join them at the Dec. 31 Titans vs. Jaguars game.
Sentiments from other football players connected to Tennessee followed, offering words of support to Keaton.
Kelsea Ballerini, Dale Earnhard Jr. share messages of support
Country singer Kelsea Ballerini, who grew up in Knoxville, said they would walk into the lunchroom with Keaton and "watch the bullies say they are sorry to you."
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say they are sorry to you. you don't deserve that. keep your head up and continue to be kind...you will always Come out on top. sending a hug. https://t.co/fZn2hbMPKp — Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said in a tweet that the video was heartbreaking and that Keaton could add them to their list of friends.
This is heartbreaking. But the response of support for them is a beautiful thing. Add me to your long list of friends Keaton. https://t.co/NKasvdo00u — Ralph Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) December 10, 2017
Singer Enrique Iglesias and CNN anchor Christopher Cuomo also sent out messages of support for Keaton and outrage that such bullying could happen:
If you teach at this school: how do you allow this? If you live in this area - reach out to the school and demand better and reach out to this family. Even here in Twitter - you all know we must be better than this. Condemn this behavior! https://t.co/ogedRARWqo — Christopher C. Cuomo (@ChrisCuomo) December 10, 2017
Heartbreaking to see this. Keaton you're strong to say these things and care so much for others. #TeamKeatonhttps://t.co/hgp0ehnn8Y — Enrique Iglesias (@enriqueiglesias) December 10, 2017
In a Saturday afternoon Facebook post, Jones responded to the outpouring of support for their son.
"Friends, overwhelmed is the understatement of the world right now. I love each of you for what you are doing," they said, adding that they could not read or respond to all of the messages and invitations to join groups that had inundated their mailbox since the viral video.
"I'm humbled by the voice my boy has been given, but he's still just a little boy, and he's a little boy who desperately wants acceptance, that I have to try to find a way to navigate them through the difference in true acceptance and attention," they wrote. "I know God has Their hand in this and I trust that the right things will happen in the right time. In the meantime, bear with us."
Jones could not be reached for a phone interview Saturday.
Union County Public Schools officials also could not be reached for comment Saturday.
Read or Share this story: http://knoxne.ws/2B66UhW
“What struck me re-reading it, and thinking back to how I felt at the time, was how in a way the ghost of Enoch Powell still stalks British politics.” – Lord Hain, BBC, April 15, 2018
Speeches are often at the mercy of their interpreters and biographers. They can incite and encourage just as they can deflate and demoralise. On April 20, 1968, Enoch Powell, a political figure who still stirs the blood of the milk-and-honey protectors of the strife free inclusive society, issued a dire warning.
In their mistermed “Rivers of Blood” speech, Powell claimed before Conservative party members in Birmingham that Britain was “busily engaged in heaping up its own funeral pyre”, with people becoming “strangers in their own country”. They spoke of “wives unable to obtain hospital beds in childbirth, their children unable to obtain school places, their homes and neighbourhoods changed beyond all recognition, their plans and prospects for the future defeated”.
It did not stop here:
“at work they found their employers hesitated to apply to the immigrant worker the standards of discipline and competence required of the native born worker; they began to hear, as time went by, more and more voices which told them that they were now the unwanted.”
Rich in discomforting implication, they conveyed the view put forth by one of their constituents, who might well have sounded like a modern UKIP voter:
“in this country in 15 or 20 years' time the black man will have the whip hand over the white man.”
Ugly stuff indeed, though there are points when Powell is sympathetic. They conceded that there were those Commonwealth immigrants,
“many thousands whose wish and purpose is to be integrated and whose every thought and endeavour is bent in that direction.”
To expect, however, this sentiment to prevail amongst the “great and growing the majority of immigrants and their descendants is a ludicrous misconception, and a dangerous one.”
Powell, then shadow minister, was dismissed by an alarmed Edward Heath. It was a point of severe disagreement with various East End dockers and meat porters from Smithfield, who protested in some numbers. They were duly, as one biographer notes, drowned in 100,000 letters and some 700 telegrams. Despite their exit from the front bench, Powell haunted conservative immigration policy sufficiently to influence Heath when in government to pass the 1971 Immigration Act.
It has become a matter of routine: All anniversaries on Powell's speech begin with an error, one spawned in its immediate aftermath. To even christen the speech with the title of “Rivers of Blood” was problematic in ignoring the original source of its inspiration, Book IV of Virgil's Aeneid: “Like the Roman, I seem to see ‘the River of Tiber flowing with much blood'.”
Other errors, omissions, and misunderstandings populate readings of Powell. Far from being illiberal in any jackboot sense, they were citing immigration as a possible cause of strife that could prove inimical to democracy. This was liberalism turned inside out, ugly yet comprehensible on a certain level.
Having worked for military intelligence in India between 1943 and 1946, they feared the possible introduction into British life of the very communalism that was sundering a country they admired, albeit through the worn lenses of a dusty imperialism. But as the world recovered from the trauma of a global conflict, Powell persisted to see Britain's colonies as examples of liberal paternalism and possible future danger.
Historians have attempted to chew what they can about their motivations in uttering those words at Birmingham. Racialism in some way, certainly, though a picture somewhat more complex than that. Did Powell do so on the belief that Britain had to sever itself from its own imperial offspring? The empire, having set, had been replaced by a Commonwealth of nations they would rather have ignored.
In an excellent feat of digging, Peter Brooke in the Historical Journal (Sep. 2007) identified a prescient statement made by Powell in a report (December 3, 1946) drawn up for the Conservative Research Department. While economically driven in its attempt to assess India's future, Powell levels a tantalising snifter on their thinking:
“That division of labour and specialization of production should be bounded by international frontiers is to some extent inevitable because men have differences other than economic ones, such as political and racial, and value certain other aims more highly than economic aims.”
It brutally states the case of familiarity over difference, the prospect of dangers in mingling the two. There were the nations “closely connected politically and racially as the British Dominions”; then there were those differences “between European and Asiatic nations.” There could be no “redistribution of population” between India “and other nations, especially European nations.”
Historical nuance can be a drag, but Powell continues to remain the kryptonite of political discussion. Even after all these years it was deemed controversial to even broadcast the Birmingham speech in full, as if taking a few snippets of it (read, hacking off most of it) would somehow do service to balanced meaning.
Andrew Adonis, Labour member of the House of Lords, deemed the speech “the worst incitement to racial violence by a public figure in modern Britain” insisting the BBC not broadcast it in an act of pre-emptive responsibility. Censorship was their implausible suggestion, given that any politician, were they to make a similar speech today “would almost certainly be arrested and charged with serious offences.”
Anyone who challenges the established notion that EP was an off-his-head racist is similarly shouted down.
“He wasn't a racist in the crude sense,” claimed UKIP Wales leader Neil Hamilton, a qualification that might have been better stated. “Powell actually changed politics by articulating the fears and resentments of millions and millions of people who are being ignored by the establishment.”
True envy indeed.
Twitter offers very view avenues for explanation but is delightful for vitriol and reflex stomping. Powell was hardly going to get much of a hearing at the hands of Leanne Wood in Wales, who had already considered them a sharpened spear to be used by UKIP.
“If anyone was in any doubt that UKIP are ideologically far right, listen again to their Assembly leader justifying Enoch Powell's racist speech on @BBCRadioWales. UKIP are keeping Powell's racist rhetoric going.”
It is precisely the snippets, the cuts and incisions made to speech – and in some cases total prohibition – that make subsequent interpretations flawed, even dangerous. Rarely are incitements to hatreds the products of lengthy observations about a state of affairs. More often than not, they stem from one portion, a slice, a section.
Political figures have tended to avoid Powell like the pox but Brexit Britain is, to a large extent, a continuation of one strand of dominant resentment alluded to fifty years ago. The concept of the inclusive integrated society battles that of those beyond accommodation. Anxieties remain.
Where hashtags count for substantive discourse, Powell will not so much rank as burn. Their words will be taken into an orbit of social media mash, and then re-delivered in unrecognisable form. The BBC will be attacked for conveying the fuller picture, even in the context of historical analysis. In its effort of balance, which was bound to be criticised, the Beeb's statement of explanation for broadcasting the speech on Radio 4's Archive on 4 was credible as it was desirable. “It's not an endorsement of the controversial views themselves and people should wait to hear the programme before they judge it.”
*
Dr. Binoy Kampmark was a Commonwealth Scholar at Selwyn College, Cambridge. They lecture at RMIT University, Melbourne.  They are a frequent contributor to Global Research and Asia-Pacific Research. Email: bkampmark@gmail.com
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Dr. Binoy Kampmark , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/enoch-powell-and-british-politics-blood-speeches-and-anniversaries/5637625
BERLIN — Police say a burning bird falling from an overhead electric line set fire to a field in northern Germany that was parched by dry weather, torching some 7 hectares (17 acres) of land.
Police in the Baltic Sea port city of Rostock said witnesses reported that the bird caused a short-circuit in a railway power line and fell to the ground in flames. The neighbouring field then caught fire, and more than 50 firefighters were deployed to tackle the blaze on Tuesday evening.
Farmers in northeastern Germany have been complaining of the effects of a persistent lack of rain over the past two months.
By The Associated Press
TIM Cahill's hopes of some much-needed game time before the start of the World Cup have been handed a blow after they were slugged with a three-game suspension.
The Socceroos and Millwall striker was charged with violent conduct by the Football League after catching Fulham defender Ryan Fredericks with an elbow to the neck during the Lions' 3-0 defeat at the Den last Friday.
The incident went unpunished during the game but Cahill was punished retrospectively.
Cahill will now sit out their side's final two games of the season against Middlesbrough and Aston Villa.
They will also miss the first match of the play-offs, should Millwall, who sit in sixth spot in the Championship table, maintain their place in the top six.
The loss to their London rivals was the first time Millwall have tasted defeat since Cahill made an emotional return to the club where they started their career in January.
Millwall's great form has seen Cahill not start a game for Neil Harris' side and the 38-year-old has played just 65 minutes of football in the 14 matches they have been involved in since leaving A-League side Melbourne City.
Bert van Marwijk's Socceroos squad will assemble in Turkey for a four-week, pre- World Cup training camp, on May 19.
The Dutchman will name an extended squad which has to be reduced to 23 by June 4, with Australia kicking off their campaign against France on June 16 in Kazan.
Despite being the Socceroos' record goalscorer, Cahill is far from certain of a place in van Marwijk's squad and played for just 27 minutes in the two recent friendlies against Norway and Colombia.
Should Millwall miss the play-offs, Cahill will get just one opportunity to stake a claim for a place in the squad in a friendly against the Czech Republic in Vienna on June 1.
A second match against Hungary will be played in Budapest on June 9.
KIM Jong-un may have hidden a secret message to the United States in their blustering boast that they are now ready to lob missiles at Guam. But can President Trump understand it?
This morning North Korean media stated Kim had been briefed by their Missile Command on completed plans to test launch missiles and ‘bracket' the US Pacific territory of Guam.
But Kim stated they would watch the “foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees” a little more before deciding whether to give an order for the missile test.
The US has stated any missiles lobbed toward Guam would be seen as a deeply provocative act.
US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United States would “take out” any such missile and declared such a launch could lead to war.
Kim's comments, however, come with an almost hidden tone of moderation.
They appear to hold out the offer to defuse the growing crisis — if the United States made a conciliatory gesture.
“The US Imperialists caught the noose around their necks due to their reckless military confrontation racket ... (but) they would watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees spending a hard time of every minute of their miserable lot,” the Pyongyang statement reads.
media_camera Kim Jong-un poses with officers and troops outside the KPA Strategic Force HQ after being 'briefed' on plans to launch missiles towards Guam.
Dr Genevieve Hohnen, Lecturer in Politics at Edith Cowan University, says this quote holds a clear — if buried — olive branch.
It appears to signal a path to defuse the crisis by saying Kim would watch any US behaviour before giving the order to fire.
“We know what to expect from Kim. This isn't the kind of statement that would be interpreted as aggressive — despite all the aggressive rhetoric. The fact Kim Jong-un says they will respond only if the US does not de-escalate the situation is significant.”
But the question is whether or not everybody who needs to understand that, understands that.
“The problem is that Kim Jon-un is largely the same personality type as Trump — both are paranoid, narcissistic and have huge egos,” Dr Hohnen says. “We've never really had leaders like that on both sides before.
“The unknown factor in this is not Kim, it's Trump. Kim Jong-un is acting as we expect them to behave.”
“We've actually been expecting something like this,” they say. “Today's quite an important day in North Korea (celebrations marking the liberation of Korea at the end of World War II). The North Koreans usually do something in terms of military development to coincide with such events.”
DIPLOMATIC CRISIS
Officials have told US media that satellites have observed DPRK mobile missile launcher movement, indicating an intermediate-ballistic missile may be being prepared as part of North Korea's holiday celebrations.
The move comes as the United States and South Korea plan to start annual defensive military drills that the North asserts are a severe provocation and a possible preparation for invasion.
But South Kora's Yonhap News Agency says President Moon told a gathering they will prevent war in Korea “at all costs”.
No US military action on the troubled peninsula was possible without Seoul's consent, they said.
US President Donald Trump, who today returned to their residence in New York for the first time since becoming President in January, has phoned regional leaders — including Japan's Shinzo Abe.
“We agreed that Japan, the U.S. and South Korea will coordinate closely, cooperating with Russia, China and other members of the international community to, above all else, prevent North Korea from launching missiles,” Mr Abe said about the call with President Trump.
US Secretary of Defence James Mattis warned any further escalation could rapidly lead to war: “Yes that means for a lot of young troops they're going to be in a wartime situation.”
media_camera President Kim Jong-un being presented with plans to launch ballistic missiles towards the US territory of Guam. The map in front of them details the flight path of a missile over southern Japan, while the photo on the back wall shows Guam's Andersen Air Force Base. Picture: KCNA
‘DELIGHTFUL HISTORIC MOMENT'
Pyongyang's state media has this morning reported President Kim Jong-un as “praising” their Strategic Force for drawing up a “careful” plan for a “power demonstration” to “envelop” Guam in fire.
“The nuclear force of the DPRK is strong in its guts and no one can guess its muscle as the flight trajectory of medium-to-long ballistic rocket Hwasong-12, firing data and the correct hitting-point are made public at home and abroad.”
Kim said they would “watch a little more” Washington's behaviour, but they will make an “important” decision if the US continues its “extremely dangerous reckless actions”.
“The US Imperialists caught the noose around their necks due to their reckless military confrontation racket ... (but) they would watch a little more the foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees spending a hard time of every minute of their miserable lot,” the report says.
“If the planned fire of our demonstration is carried out as the US is going more reckless, it will be the most delightful historic moment when the Hwasong artillerymen will wring the windpipes of the Yankees and point daggers at their necks.”
The missile being prepared may be a Hwasong HS-12. Such intermediate missiles do not have the capacity to reach the mainland United States, but can reach the US military bases of Guam and Japan.
media_camera This North Korean supplied image purports to show Kim Jong-un being briefed at the KPA Strategic Force HQ on plans to launch ballistic missiles towards the US territory of Guam.
‘WARTIME SITUATION'
Mattis told reporters in Washington this morning the situation could escalate to war “very quickly”.
They said it could be assessed “within moments” if a missile fired from North Korea was on track to hit Guam.
The United States would “take out” any seen to be heading for American soil.
media_camera Donald Trump and Kim Jong-Un: the war of words between the United States and North Korea continues to escalate.
DELVE DEEPER: What would a war with North Korea look like?
If missiles were fired at US bases: “I think if they fire at the US it could escalate to war very quickly ... Yes, that's called war, if they shoot at us.”
They added: “If they shoot at the United States, I'm assuming they hit the United States. If they do that, it's game on.”
North Korea's has today repeated previous assertions that its plan was to fire missiles to land in the ocean around Guam, not at Guam itself. The US has stated this would be an unacceptable provocation.
Mattis was asked what response the US would give to such a ‘near miss': “You can't make all those kinds of decisions in advance,” they said. “There's a host of things going on. There are allies that we consult with ... I need a certain amount of ambiguity on this.”
Intercepting a long-range ballistic missile mid-flight is hard. Here's how to do it better. https://t.co/6xFI7rZfJ1 pic.twitter.com/PmeJqDoH7o — CSIS (@CSIS) August 12, 2017
Mattis's comments came after they and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson wrote in an opinion piece in The Wall Street Journal that America has “no interest” in regime change in Pyongyang or the accelerated reunification of the two Koreas, and stressed the importance of a diplomatic solution to the crisis.
HOLIDAY SPECTACLE?
Today is a public holiday in North Korea (Liberation of the Fatherland Day — marking the end of World War II). Previous missile launches have been timed to coincide with such calendar events to maximise internal propaganda impact.
media_camera A propaganda poster is displayed during a rally in support of North Korea's stance against the US, on Kim Il-Sung square in Pyongyang on August 9. Picture: AFP
RELATED: How North Korea's nukes work
Another DPRK statement this morning attacked planned US-South Korea “Freedom Guardian” military drills scheduled for August 21.
“No matter what rhetoric they let out about “annual, regular and defensive drills”, they cannot cover up the danger of a war outbreak,” the statement says.
“If any accidental case would be sparked, though unwanted, it would never avert a war. What matters is that when a second Korean War breaks out, it would be a nuclear war.”
INTERNATIONAL CONCERN
The European Union's foreign policy chief has called for “peaceful, not military” means to resolve the Korean peninsula crisis, urging Pyongyang to avoid any “further provocative action” that could stoke tensions.
“At such a critical juncture, the European Union supports diplomatic work with our partners aimed at the de-escalation of the situation and achieving the complete, verifiable and irreversible denuclearisation of the Korean Peninsula through peaceful, not military, means,” Federica Mogherini said in a statement.
The statement was issued after a meeting of a key EU panel which agreed the bloc would reach out to North and South Korea, the United States, China, Russia and Japan.
“There is an urgent need for a de-escalation of tensions on the situation on the Korean Peninsula,” Mogherini said.
“(...) We therefore call on the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK) to refrain from any further provocative action that can only increase regional and global tensions.”
​
Originally published as Kim's coded message in war threat
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's one of the biggest shows to ever come to our city's stage, and last night, the great and good of Bristol were out in force to mark Wicked's return to the city.
The show is playing an extended five-week run at the Bristol Hippodrome, and last night the theatre held a press and preview night which was a star-studded affair.
As well as the city's media and theatre lovers, celebrities including Noel Edmonds, Nick Knowles and celebrity chef Dean Edwards were in attendance to watch the musical spectacular.
They were joined by X Factor star Jake Sims and CBeebies presenter Andy Day. The show has already sold out for many of the nights for its five-week run in Bristol, but there are still a handful of tickets available .
The show, which is a prequel to the iconic Wizard of Oz, tells the story of how the Wicked Witch of the West came to be, with an incredible soundtrack and plenty of laughs along the way.
You can read the Bristol Post's full five-star review of Wicked here , and see our gallery below for an exclusive look inside last night's premier.
Amazon India's wallet, Amazon Pay, was launched in December 2016. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
Bengaluru: Amazon Pay (India) Pvt. Ltd, the payments arm of the e-tailing major, has reported net loss of Rs177.8 crore on total revenues of Rs7.4 crore in the year ended 31 March 2017, show data sourced from business intelligence platform Tofler.
The company's losses in 2016-17 increased significantly from the Rs7.8 crore in the previous financial year.
Total revenues also increased during the period. Its overall expenses for FY17 jumped from Rs8.2 crore in FY16 to Rs185.3 crore in FY17.
Amazon India's wallet, Amazon Pay, was launched in December 2016.
Amazon Pay has tied up with several online vendors such as Faasos, BookMyShow and Redbus, among others, to offer online payments.
Amazon is also using it as a loyalty feature to get back repeat users, besides offering direct cashbacks on Amazon purchases.
In March, the US-based e-tailer had pumped in Rs195 crore in Amazon Pay India. It had initially invested Rs350 crore in the payments arm.
Amazon has also stepped up investments in its core e-commerce business in India.
Earlier this month, it had infused fresh capital of Rs2,600 crore into its India operations, Amazon Seller Services, show filings with the registrar of companies.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fifth Harmony fans are furious after Sarah Harding slut-shamed the US girl group in Monday's episode of Celebrity Big Brother.
In scenes shown on Celebrity Big Brother's Bit On The Side, the former Girls Aloud star labelled the four-piece "slutty" and bashed them for not performing proper dance routines.
The 35-year-old said they relied instead on "slut drops and twerking".
Sarah's comments came after Chad Johnson asked the blonde if she'd heard of the Work From Home stars.
(Image: FilmMagic)
"Um, yes, those slutty ones? Yeah," Sarah said.
Chad then asked, "Are they slutty?"
"Yeah. They all wear next to nothing - all the girl bands do these days. Slutty, slutty, slutty. Sex sells, sex sells...," they replied.
Speaking about Girls Aloud, they continued: "Obviously, when we were touring we didn't wear much because it was so hot, but it's when they do the videos it's all, like, slut drops and twerking.
"We used to have to do proper dance routines. They just do slut drops now."
Of course it wasn't long until the ultra loyal Fifth Harmony fanbase caught wind of Sarah's comments and took to social media to defend the talented ladies.
Some even tried to get a #SarahHardingisOverParty hashtag trending.
"Sarah might not be a bad person, but so far she's certainly acting like 1. She's unhealthily negative. I wouldn't want to be around her," one wrote.
(Image: YouTube/Big Brother UK)
Others clearly had no idea who they were but still weren't here for their comments, writing, "Wait we don't even know who they are," alongside the hashtag.
A third wrote: "Sarah Harding of Girls Aloud coming for Fifth Harmony? Girl keeps that voice on mute, it's already struggling."
The Rock*A*Teens, Cabbagetown's Vibrantly Weird Rock Band, Is Back
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brett Falcon/Courtesy of the artist Brett Falcon/Courtesy of the artist
We weren't allowed to leave the church grounds without an adult. Sex workers on one corner, drugs on another, and a whole lot of freaks and outcasts somewhere between. A good 40-minute drive away from the comfort of the suburbs, east Atlanta is where I first saw posters for the Rocky Horror Picture Show, discarded needles on the nearby playground and punks in shredded leather jackets. In the '90s, unbeknownst to this sheltered, Sunday school-going boy, an eccentric music scene emerged from the dilapidated, dangerous, but cheap Cabbagetown neighborhood. Cat Power's Chan Marshall, Smoke, the Opal Foxx Quartet, The Jody Grind — artists with raw voices and stranger stories. It was like Flannery O'Connor started several different bands.
Borne of this desperate and creative scene, The Rock*A*Teens' not-quite-rock haze was thick and mysterious, like a pair of cigarette-smoke-caked velvet lounge drapes smothering the stage, drenched in reverb. Led by guitarist Christopher Lopez, the band released a handful of records in the late '90s and early 2000s that would influence the likes of Okkervil River's Will Sheff and both A.C. Newman and Dan Bejar — to bring The New Pornographers' membership full circle, early Rock*A*Teens member and solo artist in their own right Kelly Hogan would later become Neko Case's go-to backing vocalist.
Now, 18 years since its last studio album, and few since the band started playing sporadic shows again, The Rock*A*Teens return with Sixth House. Joined by guitarist Justin Hughes, bassist William R. Joiner and drummer Ballard Lesemann, Lopez blows smoke from the screen of past records by dialing down the reverb (just a bit) to let the characters of their songs flourish.
YouTube
With a garage-rock swagger and shake, "Go Tell Everybody" tells the story of Bartholomew, Jesus' apostle who brought Christianity to India and Armenia, and, according to hagiography, was flayed alive and beheaded.
"Stake your tent yeah, prepare the meal / Start torching all the greenery / Start chewing all the scenery," Lopez sings with a wild howl in their voice, mimicking missionary fervor, but also warning that ideals will sometimes get you killed. This is the kind of darkly cinematic screenwriting that made those old Rock*A*Teens records so weirdly vibrant — death and triumph wrapped in an ambivalent apparition.
Sixth House comes out June 29 via Merge Records.
WALTHAM -- The NBA's latest last-two-minute report gave the Boston Celtics some frustrating news: On Jaylen Brown's drive to the basket in the final minute of Game 4, officials missed a foul call that would have put Brown at the line shooting two free throws.
Instead, the Milwaukee Bucks got a transition opportunity and cashed in with a 3-pointer from Malcolm Brogdon, which eventually helped them pull out a 104-102 victory, evening the series at 2-2.
Jaylen Brown expressed their displeasure on Twitter.
Brad Stevens however, speaking to reporters prior to Celtics shoot around on Tuesday, said they have moved on.
"From a coach's standpoint, I don't pay any attention to them," Stevens said. "I've moved on a long time ago. Those are part of (the game), and I appreciate the NBA's interest in being transparent. I understand certainly those that argue against it. I also know that it's really important to the NBA and its leadership and that's part of our league -- transparency matters. But I don't even look at them. Occasionally it'll be brought up in these sessions or brought up in conference but I have no idea like the number of calls or anything like that. I don't think I've ever seen a last 2 minute report."
A reporter offered to send Stevens one.
"Shoot me one, that'd be great," Stevens said. "It won't matter, I've moved on."
L2M reports have been a source of frustration for fans for multiple reasons.
First, they don't affect the outcome -- the league, of course, can't send the teams back to Milwaukee to replay the final 45 seconds.
Second, the Celtics had plenty of opportunities to win prior to Brown's drive. Boston went cold again in the first half, and Stevens said the Bucks played "at a different speed than us" for 18 minutes. Boston rallied all the way back, but with a better first-half performance, they likely wouldn't have needed a rally.
Third, officiating an NBA game is incredibly hard, and referees miss calls all the time. In Game 4, officials missed an offensive foul on Giannis Antetokounmpo prior to Brown's drive, and they missed a foul on Jayson Tatum a minute earlier that allowed the Celtics to turn the Bucks over.
"Officiating is an incredibly hard job," Stevens said before Game 4. "These guys do a great job. Officiating, there are so many things going on on each play it's hard to call. You won't hear me complain about the officiating."
Other shoot around notes:
- Terry Rozier said their performance in Games 3 and 4 had been eating at him. The Celtics guard averaged 23 points per game on 47 percent shooting in the first two games of the series before shooting just 26 percent from the field and averaging 9.5 points per game in Milwaukee.
"It's been bothering me a little bit," Rozier said. "But one thing I told myself these games, I wanted to run with a clear mind. Not gonna worry about what happened in the first four games. Obviously I've been watching film. I'll come back out with that fight, put pressure on the defense, create for myself and others and I think that's gonna help us put us over the top to go to the next level, the next series."
- Stevens noted once again that the Celtics' offense was perhaps the biggest issue in Milwaukee.
"I think you need to defend at a better rate than we have, but also obviously our offense has put us in a bind on a number of occasions with blocked shots," Stevens said. "The turnovers -- not as bad in the last game as the game before -- we need to play really well to beat these guys."
SPRINGFIELD -- Nearly 200 runners and walkers took the streets of downtown Springfield Saturday as part of the Springfield Rescue Mission's "Coldest Day" 5K race -- an annual event that seeks to bring attention to the realities homeless individuals face during the winter.
The event, which started at 10 a.m., took participants from the Springfield Rescue Mission's Mill Street location, down Main Street to the organization's emergency shelter, located at 148 Taylor St.
From there, runners and walkers turned back and continued along the same route to the finish line at 10 Mill St.
Barbara Brizzolari, the Springfield Rescue Mission's event coordinator, said 123 individuals had pre-registered for the 5K walk or run.
About another 50 signed up for the race Saturday morning, despite windy conditions and temperatures below 20 degrees.
Brad Magyar, a 50-year-old Enfield, Connecticut resident who participated in the race two years ago, said they decided to once again brave the freezing temperatures and take to the streets as a show of solidarity with homeless individuals.
"Homelessness isn't seasonal, so I can take an hour or two out of my day to help out as much as I can," they said.
Magyar added that they have learned more about the Springfield Rescue Mission's work from taking part in such events.
Beverly Guerrero-Porter, a 32-year-old Springfield resident, meanwhile, said they decided to sign up for the event to show their support for the Springfield Rescue Mission's work.
"I like that it's based here in the community, it's based here in Springfield," they said. "I've heard and I've seen the work that they've done in the community ... I'm just happy to be here and to support them and their mission."
Guerrero-Porter said Saturday's race marked their first time ever participating in a 5K race.
"Hopefully it will be the start of a trend," they said.
Following the race, the Springfield Rescue Mission offered runners and walkers refreshments and a light lunch.
Before Voting Begins, A Look At Alabama's Special Senate Election
One of the most contested and high-profile special Senate elections of recent times is drawing to a close in Alabama. A day before voting begins, a look at where Republican Roy Moore stands against Democrat Doug Jones.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
It's the final day of campaigning before Tuesday's much-watched Senate election in Alabama. Embattled Republican Roy Moore is trying to rebound from allegations that they sexually assaulted teenage girls when they were in their 30s. They say the accusations are false. Their opponent, Doug Jones, is trying to become the first Democrat elected to the U.S. Senate from Alabama in a quarter of a century.
NPR's Debbie Elliott joins us now. And, Debbie, Republicans typically have the advantage in Alabama. With this race up for grabs, what's Roy Moore doing to close it?
DEBBIE ELLIOTT, BYLINE: Well, he's calling in someone who won big in Alabama - Donald Trump. The president recorded these robocall messages that are showing up on people's phones today.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: Hi. This is President Donald Trump, and I need Alabama to go vote for Roy Moore.
ELLIOTT: You know, Robert, Trump is still very popular here. They won the state by a whopping 28 percent margin. And now they are hoping - Moore is hoping that the president's support will make a difference for him.
SIEGEL: And what's the Democratic candidate, Doug Jones, doing to get out voters?
ELLIOTT: You know, they are also using robocalls to target key parts of the Democratic base, including African-American voters - very important here. President Obama and Vice President Biden have recorded messages of support. Jones is also trying to paint this contest as a crossroads for Alabama, that they would somehow be able to work with both Democrats and Republicans in the Senate while Moore won't work well with anyone and would be bad for the state's interests. Here's what they said campaigning in Birmingham this morning.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
DOUG JONES: It's not the image that we want to project. It's not the image that I think truly reflects the people in this state.
ELLIOTT: Now, they are outspending Moore something like 10 to 1 and is getting a lot of outside help in terms of get-out-the-vote efforts. A super PAC called Highway 31 has been running lots of ads here, some of them very harsh. One warns that Alabama's name would be tarnished if the state elected, quote, "an accused pedophile."
SIEGEL: Republican leaders in Washington have denounced Roy Moore. They say if he's elected, he'd face a Senate ethics investigation. How are voters in Alabama responding to all that?
ELLIOTT: Well, for a sizable chunk of the Republican electorate, it rubs them the wrong way. They don't like being told how to vote. And some share disdain for the Republican establishment. I spoke at a Roy Moore rally with a retired Army Colonel Brock Wells. They live in Foley, Ala., which is in the southern part of the state. And they say, you know, they are backing Moore because Moore would support Trump's agenda. And they are just very angry with Republican leaders for what they say - you know, they've abandoned Moore. And here's what they had to say about that.
BROCK WELLS: Senator Moore will go up there, and they will not let them forget that. That, to me - their election will drive a saber right through their gut. And that's what I'm after. I'm an old Army guy, and I believe in saying it like it is.
ELLIOTT: You know, Brock said if the allegations prove true, let the Senate ethics committee handle it. Or Alabama voters can handle it by voting Roy Moore out in three years when this seat is up for grabs again.
SIEGEL: NPR's Debbie Elliott in Orange Beach, Ala. Debbie, thanks.
ELLIOTT: You're welcome.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Eric Trump defended their father's frequent rounds of golf in an interview with the Irish Independent saying the sport was a tool for the president to conduct diplomacy.
Said Trump: “You can sit with somebody in a golf cart where there might be cultural differences and language barriers and have a good time and build a friendship in a way that you could never do sitting across an office table from someone.”
You don't love him, you drift back mostly for the (false) security of having a boyfriend.
Meanwhile, he's stuck there. Neither of you are even trying to move forward with your lives.
Do you know if he's self-medicating their depressed state with excess drinking or drug use while alone?
If you have any real feelings for him, become their friend, not their girlfriend. Insist that they see their doctor about their depression and also get counselling for any other anxieties or addictions contributing to it.
Urge them to get proactive about finding another job, and addressing their state of mental health and fitness.
Then, stop holding onto them as your "fallback boyfriend."
Not going was a mistake
Q. Last Christmas, my younger son decided to get their three siblings to chip in to replace my old, broken, favourite chair.
They chose one I didn't like and an inconvenient delivery date, so I upgraded the chair (by $400) and set a new delivery date. They were annoyed by this and hasn't spoken to me since.
Their wife graciously tried to keep me connected with their young children. We were close and I babysat often.
Recently, there was a religious ceremony to which they invited me, but no word about an after-party.
It was an awkward time for me at the church, so I went home after slipping them a card and cash for my grandson.
Now everyone's angry that I didn't go to the house. (Due to the strained situation, I didn't assume a reception invitation.)
I've reached out to both and apologized. Neither has replied. Everyone is very hurt.
What can I do to make this right if they won't reply?
A. You've made the first good move by apologizing and explaining, presumably by email or phone.
They must've been embarrassed by your visible absence at the house party, likely attended by friends as well as many relatives.
Send a handwritten note along with flowers.
Say that you now realize that by not showing up, which you acknowledge was a mistake, it must have caused gossip and speculation that shouldn't have happened at all, especially not on that religious occasion.
Suggest that you'll host a gathering of family to acknowledge that celebration, hoping to clear the air so you can reconnect as the loving grandmother they know you to be.
Feedback: Regarding the husband who'd been a heavy smoker and drinker and now has heartburn issues (May 4):
Reader #1: "My fiancé is also a heavy smoker and drinker who then developed a heartburn issue.
"It turned out to be esophageal cancer. Maybe they should be checked for that?"
Ellie — The husband has already been diagnosed with scleroderma, which can range from mild to life-threatening.
He's under a physician's care so has likely been checked for other heartburn causes. Still, yours is a thoughtful suggestion. Thanks.
Reader #2: "I can relate to the stigma around the husband's illness, including depression, anxiety and chronic pain.
"I found that the partners I've had (and family) all thought I could help what I was going through.
"They'd make me feel bad and shameful that I wasn't like the average person. They also thought anything I tried to improve my situation wasn't good enough and anything they suggested should've cured me."
ellieadvice.com
ellieadvice.com
In the brewing trade war between the US and China, Beijing officials consistently seek to portray their nation as simply being on the defensive against Donald Trump's aggressive tactics. Photo: Reuters
Beijing: China said that it wouldn't implement tariffs ahead of the US on Friday, after previous arrangements put it on course to do so.
“We will never fire the first shot and will not implement tariffs ahead of the US,” the ministry of finance said in a statement late Wednesday, after media reported that Beijing would start levying tariffs hours ahead of the US due to the time zone difference.
Bloomberg earlier reported that China would start applying the duties from midnight on Friday—midday on 5 July in Washington—according to two officials with knowledge of the plans. The Chinese customs service had adjusted their systems so the new tariffs would start being charged as soon as the clock ticks over to 6 July in Beijing, according to one of the people.
Beijing time is 12 hours ahead of Washington. A statement issued by the China's State Council on 16 June said that retaliatory extra duties on $34 billion of US imports are set to take effect on 6 July.
The US trade representative's statement from 15 June said that Customs and Border Protection would begin collecting their additional duties from 6 July. Neither nation specified a time.
In the brewing trade war between the US and China, Beijing officials consistently seek to portray their nation as simply being on the defensive against Donald Trump's aggressive tactics.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
East Bristol has been left with an alarming lack of loos after Bristol City Council slashed funding and closed all of the city's on-street public toilets.
The area has lost it's only on-street facility at St George's Park after the council decided to pull the flush on 18 toilets across the city.
The authority has launched a ‘Community Toilet Scheme' in an attempt to mitigate the impact of the closures whereby businesses agree to open up their loos for free.
But so far no businesses in the east of the city have signed up to the scheme, which means there are only two places spend a penny in the BS5 postcode – Avonview cemetery and Greenbank cemetery.
(Image: Getty)
The closure has angered several businesses in the area, who do not think it is fair for the council to pass the burden of public conveniences on to them.
George Pring from Born in Bristol in Church Road, said: “I think it is disgusting the council is shutting all the public toilets – what are people meant to do?
“The one in St George's Park is especially well used because of all the families who use the park, it's crazy. There have been so many young families move in to the area over the past few years and they need access to toilets if they are out with young children.
“I would love to open my toilets up, but what it comes down to is staff safety. Sometimes there is only one person in the shop and I wouldn't want anyone feeling nervous by lots of people coming in who aren't customers.”
One of the main sticking points appears to be the lack of financial help – such as money for loo roll or maintenance – or legal protection the council is offering businesses.
“I think offering businesses something would help with take up,” Ms Pring said.
“Just expecting them to take on the cost and responsibility seems a bit unfair.”
The manager of a salon in Church Road, who did not want to be named, added: “We shouldn't have to do it, the council should keep the toilets open.
“This is a salon and we can't have people traipsing in with muddy boots. That isn't fair on us.”
So far 11 businesses have signed up to the Community Toilet Scheme. Of those four are council-run buildings and just seven are private businesses or charities.
The majority of the community loos are in the centre, south and north of the city.
The Down Committee – which oversee Durdham Downs – has agreed to take on four of the 18 closed toilets, the ones in Stoke Road, Sea Walls, the Blackboy Hill urinal and the loo close to Clifton Suspension Bridge.
However, it is asking the council to help it to provide “short-term assistance” to allow the toilets to remain open while the group formulates a “long-term commercial” plan for the sites.
In total the city is currently down three public toilets compared to the council's previous provision.
Despite the complaints, the authority maintains the scheme will be a success.
“We believe a Community Toilet Scheme will be able to provide cleaner, safer, and more accessible toilets in more convenient locations for residents and visitors to the city,” a Bristol City Council spokesperson said.
“The scheme gets underway today, and we would like to encourage more businesses and organisations to sign up to make their facilities available.
“We are currently in discussions with a number of other businesses and organisations, and we expect the scheme to grow and develop over the coming months.
“We are currently focusing our efforts on signing up organisations in areas where there is a lack of provision.”
A list and interactive map of the council's 18 remaining park toilets and businesses signed up to the Community Toilet Scheme is available on the council's website. This list will be regularly updated when new businesses come forward.
A paper version of the toilet map will be printed in conjunction with Bristol Ageing Better over the coming months.
The council has said it is working closely with Crohns and Colitis UK to ensure that its members are aware of the new locations.
Great deals on remaining 2017 Ionics. $3,000 off all remaining 2017 Hyundai Ionics. Everyone qualifies for these prices. No tricks and no gimmicks. These vehicles get 58 mph, and have Apple Car Play & Android Auto, lifetime battery warranty, 10yr/100k mile warranty, and 5yr/60k mile limited bumper to bumper warranty. paid endorsement.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With a rebellious glint in their eye, and dressed in an elegant outfit adorned with a string of pearls, they look almost regal. It's a far cry from washer woman Dot Cotton.
For 32 years, June Brown has played gossiping, chain smoking busybody Dot, one of soap's best loved roles.
But in a rare interview, given to the BBC in celebration of their 90th birthday tomorrow, June is at pains to point out they are not like their EastEnders' character.
Funny, eccentric, straight-talking, bossy and a little bit naughty, June's sparkling personality and wit shines through as they reminisce about their life and career.
(Photo: Rex Features)
From their classical training at the Old Vic theatre school and living it up in London in the 1940s and 50s, to clinching the role of Dot (“because I was punctual”), and uttering their first words in the soap: “Give us a tea, Lofty. And a glass of water so I can take a paracetamol.”
June also reveals that fate may have been pointing them towards Walford.
June on... acting
I never wanted to be an actor. I wanted to go into the medical professional. Acting was not important enough. That was a hobby – nothing to do with what you did in life.
(Photo: WireImage)
In the end it was all chance, most life is chance. My sister happened to look at The Times, and there was advertised the Old Vic theatre school. I wrote, I suppose, and got an audition. They said I was in, so I burst into tears, because in those days I cried when I was happy and I cried when I was sad.
Life before Walford
The Old Vic is special to me because that's where I began. I lived in New Bond Street in London in a flat that cost £4.20 a week.
I split the rent with friends. We used to go to concerts, theatres, we went to the Proms. I wish it were September 1948 and I wish I were 21 again.
(Photo: Rex Features)
I've been thinking lately and just wondering – you do when you get older. You look back at what you've done and how you've behaved. I remember playing Ibsen's Hedda Gabler, I really loved that role. I was very fortunate in my looks.
I was also Judi Dench's sidekick Doris in a play at the National Theatre. I love the stage – it's alive.
EastEnders
By the time it got to EastEnders I'd had a dreadful year. I'd had about three jobs, that's all. And suddenly this audition came up. I think I got the job because I was punctual and liked a cigarette. I was doing A Christmas Carol down the road at the BBC, some piddling part, and I said: “Well, I can't stop long because I mustn't be late.” And they said: “I wish all actors were like you.”
(Photo: Rex Features)
The truth is I'm not really a punctual person. One of my drivers Dave used to say: “Will it be real time or June time?” I'd say: “Most likely June time”, which is 10 minutes afterwards.
I'd also had my horoscope done, and the gentleman said that on a certain date I would have a spectacular success. And that was May 31, 1985, and that turned out to be the first day I was in EastEnders.
Dot
When I first saw the script, I thought: “I can't play that, it's a list of illnesses.” So to develop the character I had to think about why they were a hypochondriac.
I thought it was because they have no one who really loves her...
(Photo: WireImage)
In the early days, I'd get a scene and think “I don't think Dot would behave like that”. But I'd try it, and that was interesting as she'd do something unexpected. I loved it when Dot got hysterical. But I was never very good at instant crying... I think my tear ducts are blocked now.
But I say: “It's not my job to cry, it's my job to make the audience cry.” I don't know what's going to happen to Dot now. She's lost their job, so she's lost their raison d'etre. It's very hard to argue if the writers decide to make a change, but I'm a fighter, a terrier.
I try to twist them round a little. I am very bossy. I think I can do things better than other people, which is dreadful.
The question everyone asks
People ask if I'm like Dot. But there's not an awful lot of me in Dot. Dot's got quite a high opinion of herself, I don't think I have. Also, I'm not a gossip.
(Photo: BBC)
In my life – and Dot certainly wasn't like this – I did have a lot of love affairs.
The only way I am like Dot is in my feelings about spirituality.
Fame
When I started in EastEnders it was already huge. We used to go out together, the cast, and go to nightclubs and we could go anywhere. It was lovely.
EastEnders gave me a huge amount of confidence to do other things. I got the opportunity to be in Calendar Girls in the West End.
I was the only one who took all my clothes off for the photoshoot.
Ethel (played by Gretchen Franklin)
Gretchen was a very witty person, and very naughty... in many ways. I heard that how they looked upon me, as a new person arriving in episode 40, was as a rival.
Wendy Richard said to her: “When you and June are together on the screen, you're like two bulls.” And Gretchen thought: “Oh, I can work with her.” From that moment on, they did.
We always concentrated on each other, that was the secret. But they would never admit that we worked well together. In the scene where [Ethel is] dying and I had to give them the pills, there's a line: “You're my best friend, Dot.”
And Gretchen said: “I'm not going to say that.” But when it came to it they did. They couldn't admit they did actually love me quite a lot.
Nasty Nick (John Altman)
I loved working with the lovely Johnny. When they went off touring with the production of Chicago, they would find launderettes and pose outside. They used to send me cards from all over the place from “Nick”.
Dot used to say Nick was a tower of strength, even when they had a knife to them I used to get letters from children who wanted me to be their mother because they wanted this mother who would protect them from all their misdoings. A mother who would never let their son down.
June's life and times
June was born in Suffolk on February 16, 1927, one of five children, although two died in childhood.
During the Second World War they were evacuated, later serving in the Women's Royal Naval Service.
They married actor John Garley in 1950. They committed suicide in 1957.
(Photo: BBC)
In 1958 they married actor Robert Arnold, and together they had six children – although their second daughter died after 16 days. After 45 years of marriage, Arnold died in 2003. June now lives alone in Surrey.
Before EastEnders, they had small roles in shows including Coronation Street, The Sweeney and The Bill.
In 2008, the year they were awarded an MBE, June pulled off a first in a British soap when their character, Dot, was the only one to appear in an entire episode.
(Yonhap)
Recent satellite photos suggests that North Korea is preparing for fresh submarine-based missile tests, an expert has said, amid heightened tension between the US and North Korea over the communist state's successful launch of an inter-continental ballistic missile.Referring to photographs posted on Aug. 11 on 38 North, a US website specializing in North Korea analysis, Joseph Bermudez, a North Korea specialist, claimed that they could indicate preparations for a new test of a submarine-launched ballistic missile."Recent commercial satellite imagery reveals several developments suggesting that North Korea may be accelerating the development of the sea-based leg of its nuclear forces," they said.North Korea carried out its first successful test-launch of an ICBM on July 4, followed by another successful launch of an ICBM on July 28. The tests have raised concerns that the North has the ability to put the entire US within its range of attack.On Aug. 5, the United Nations Security Council voted unanimously for fresh sanctions on North Korea, after it launched two ICBM tests last month, which has prodded Pyongyang to threaten a missile strike around the US territory of Guam. (Yonhap)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's hard to beat the good old British pancake; served with lemon and sugar it is a thing of perfection.
But our American cousins are no slouches in the pancake department.
The US version is thicker, yet lighter and fluffier than the blighty variety.
They are also completely delicious served with blueberries, maple syrup or even bacon.
Here's how to make them this Pancake Day:
Ingredients:
Plain flour (130 grams)
Baking powder (a pinch)
Salt (a pinch)
Caster (fine) sugar (2 tablespoons)
Milk (130 ml)
One egg
Butter (2 tablespoons)
Method:
Sift the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar in a large bowl.
Whisk the milk and egg together in a jug, then melt the butter and whisk that in too.
Beat both mixtures together until you have a smooth batter - keep going until all lumps have dissappeared.
Melt a knob of butter in frying pan and add a ladle-full of the batter.
The pancake should look nice and thick.
Wait until the top starts bubbling, then turn it over and cook until both sides are golden brown.
The pancake should be about 1cm thick when it's done.
Serve with a wide variety of toppings.
The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble The U.S. says Russia is violating the treaty and some Republicans want to respond by developing a new missile. But arms control experts say that could spur a nuclear arms race and isn't necessary.
The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble National Security The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble The Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces Treaty Could Be In Trouble Audio will be available later today. The U.S. says Russia is violating the treaty and some Republicans want to respond by developing a new missile. But arms control experts say that could spur a nuclear arms race and isn't necessary. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
Superproducer Shonda Rhimes is leaving ABC for Netflix. The move has big implications in the futures of each: ABC loses its top scripted hitmaker, while Netflix adds another weapon to its arsenal as it tries to become the world's #1 content provider.
But what does it mean for the present? Short answer: don't worry, Shondaland fans; things will pretty much stay the same for now.
Rhimes' company Shondaland still has five shows currently in production with ABC Studios: Grey's Anatomy, Scandal, How to Get Away with Murder, the Grey's firehouse spin-off and the upcoming legal drama For the People. All of these shows will continue to air on ABC.
Rhimes' producing partner Betsy Beers is coming with them to Netflix, but Shondaland's other producers Pete Nowalk (How to Get Away With Murder), Krista Vernoff (Grey's Anatomy), Stacy McKee (the Grey's spin-off), Don Todd and Paul William Davies (For the People), Mark Fish (Scandal), Mark Wilding (Grey's spin-off), Bill Harper (Grey's Anatomy) and Allan Heinberg (The Catch) are still under contract with ABC Studios, according to The Hollywood Reporter.
"Our current shows will continue to thrive on ABC and Shondaland will be there every step of the way," Rhimes said in a statement. "I could not have asked for a better home to begin my career. I continue to be grateful to work with so many talented people - especially our studio gladiator [ABC Studios President] Patrick Moran and our most powerful and brilliant champion [ABC Entertainment President] Channing Dungey. Starting today, we are thrilled to begin creating new Shondaland stories with Netflix. Everyone at Shondaland is honored to expand both our audience and our creative identity with [Netflix Chief Content Officer] Ted [Sarandos] and the entire team at Netflix."
Shonda Rhimes
Really what this deal means is that ABC will eventually have to start finding new suppliers for its Thursday nights, because it won't be getting new Shondaland shows once its current slate is exhausted. The two upcoming ones -- the Grey's spin-off and For the People -- could be the last. According to studio chief Patrick Moran, ABC is working on a pilot from The Catch and Scandal (and Wonder Woman) writer Allan Heinberg and has other Shondaland projects in development from before Rhimes and Beers signed their new deals. But whatever happens with those, Shonda Rhimes won't be part of them.
The deal with Netflix is for Shondaland to develop shows for the streaming service, so they will be totally new shows. And they'll probably be a little racier, since they're no longer bound by network standards.
And of course, the Shondaland library of shows will continue to be available on Netflix.
Grey's Anatomy returns with a two-hour Season 14 premiere on Sept. 28 at 8/7c, followed by How to Get Away with Murder's Season 4 premiere at 10/9c. Meanwhile, Scandal returns for its seventh and final season Oct. 5 at 9/8c.
According to celebrity managers, Aamir Khan charges approximately Rs4 crore per day of shooting taking their annual brand endorsement fee to Rs12-15 crore. File photo: AFP
New Delhi: Chinese smartphone maker Vivo on Monday announced the appointment of Bollywood actor Aamir Khan as its brand ambassador. Khan will appear in an integrated marketing campaign around the upcoming products of the company, featuring in a new television commercial.
The 53-year old actor has replaced Ranveer Singh who was the face of the smartphone brand for the last two years. Singh and Vivo ended their association mutually in February.
“We are thrilled about the possibilities that our partnership with one of the world's biggest superstars, Aamir Khan, will open up for Vivo in India. They mirror the values of versatility, perfection and innovation that we steadfastly follow at Vivo. This new association will enable us to explore newer avenues to reach our customers as we script our future growth strategy in India,” said Kenny Zeng, chief marketing officer, Vivo India, in a statement.
According to celebrity managers, Aamir Khan charges approximately Rs4 crore per day of shooting taking their annual brand endorsement fee to Rs12-15 crore. Currently, Vivo is the only brand Khan is endorsing. Their last endorsement deal was with e-commerce platform Snapdeal which had to be terminated after the actor made a remark in personal capacity about rising intolerance in the country. They were also associated with cola brand Coca-Cola, Tata Sky and Titan Watches in the past.
“Brands and Aamir have become selective about each other ever since the Snapdeal fiasco happened. Vivo knows the power of a celebrity and Aamir Khan is about class and making a statement.
The actor brings a certain level of exclusivity and I think that Vivo is trying to position itself as a premium brand now,” said Manish Porwal, managing director, Alchemist Marketing & Talent Solutions.
After its launch in 2014, Vivo has leveraged celebrity advertising and brand association with multiple youth properties like cricket and television reality shows to drive awareness. The brand bagged the five year title sponsorship of the Indian Premier League (IPL) for Rs2,199 crore last year. It had also won the title sponsorship of Pro Kabaddi in 2017 for five years. The smartphone maker became the official sponsor of 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cups as well.
In terms of television sponsorship, the brand has been associated with shows like Indian Idol Season 7 on Sony, Yaroon Ki Baraat on Zee TV, Dil Hai Hindustani on Star Plus, Voice Adults on &TV, Roadies X5 and Love School 2 on MTV.
Launched in 2014 in the India market, Vivo's strong focus has been on promoting the camera and music features in its mobiles. With facilities in Greater Noida, the company has a distribution network across the country both online and offline, catering to over 400 cities, in 22 states backed by 400 service centres in India. It competes with smartphone brands like Oppo, Xiaomi, Samsung, Micromax and Huawei among others.
“When Aamir Khan endorses a brand, they not only endorses the product but also the core values of the brand. Ranveer Singh helped penetrate the brand's offerings to right TG, now Aamir Khan will create loyalty towards the brand Vivo for the audience that is otherwise very brand agnostic,” said Jigar Rambhia, national director, sports and entertainment partnerships, Wavemaker India.
There have been many variations of the Batmobile through the years, but there's something special about the original machine from the 1966 television series. It's not every day the opportunity arises to own a Batmobile, but for $250,000 in spare change you can geek out with Batmobile replica number 005 as approved by the designer himself, famed Hollywood movie car guru George Barris.
There's also an interesting story that accompanies Batmobile replica 005. For the mid-1960's television series, Barris created the first Batmobile from the Lincoln Futura concept car then followed it up with four replicas for touring and promotion. Meanwhile, a Batman superfan by the name of Jim Sermersheim decided to build their own copy of the Batmobile, using a 1958 Ford Thunderbird chassis as the starting point.
Fabricating a replica of something that had originated from a one-off factory concept vehicle is no easy task, but Sermersheim's attention-to-detail was, in a word, extraordinary. So much so, that when Barris learned of its existence (he was reportedly not happy about an unlicensed Batmobile touring the country) they bought it, inspected it, and was so impressed that they officially approved it as a genuine Barris Batmobile replica. It joined the official fleet and became number 005.
The car eventually went into storage until Barris sold it to Fantasy Cars in El Cajon, California in 1986. It had deteriorated to the point of needing restoration, so it was brought back to life and sold to its current owner in 1988 – a woman we can only describe as the best wife in the world, as they bought it as a gift to their Batman-loving husband.
It's now listed for sale with JamesEdition, and is advertised as looking great and being fully functional, save for the jet engine sticking out the back which is just a prop for obvious reasons. There are a few minor flaws common with an older restoration; some touched-up areas on the finish and a crack in the paint on the hood among the problem areas. Power comes from a period-correct 352 cubic-inch V8 that powered the 1958 Thunderbird, and it's perfectly streetable should you fancy a drive as the caped crusader.
There is at least one other company that builds vintage Batmobile replicas, with the deluxe model costing as much as this one. However, $250,000 seems like a very fair price to own this Barris-approved version that actually toured with the official replicas back in the day. So guys, start treating your wives with the love and respect they deserve, because if you're worthy, they just might buy you a Batmobile.
Source: JamesEdition
ALBANY — Ex-Yankees manager Joe Girardi ventured to the State Capitol on Wednesday to urge lawmakers to adopt sports-betting regulations before they adjourn for the year.
Sports betting “is coming,” Girardi said, referring to a recent U.S. Supreme Court decision that cleared the way for states to legalize it, and New York should get in front of the issue instead of waiting. The current legislative session is set to end June 20.
“So I think it's important for New York to be at the forefront and get something passed that protects the integrity of the game — this session,” Girardi said in a very brief meeting with reporters after they addressed Senate Republicans in a closed-door conference. Girardi appeared as a representative of MLB Network, the TV arm of Major League Baseball, a Senate official said.
An MLB spokesperson later emphasized that Girardi isn't advocating for sports betting but, in the increasing likelihood of its legalization, for a regulatory framework that protects baseball and its fans.
Joe Torre, MLB's chief baseball officer, is set to make a similar push next week, lobbyists said.
The effort comes after the U.S. Supreme Court earlier this month struck down a law that bans gambling on sporting events in most states, giving New York and others the go-ahead to legalize betting on football, basketball, baseball and other sports. The decision stemmed from a lawsuit by the New Jersey state government seeking to overturn the ban.
The ruling has sent lawmakers rushing to draft legislation to create state regulations in the short time they have left in Albany this year. But at the same time, the major sports leagues are urging Congress to pass a law, saying they would favor one national framework over having 50 different state laws.
Sen. John Bonacic (R-Mt. Hope), chairperson of the Senate Racing and Wagering Committee, said Wednesday that they were working with their Assembly counterpart to craft legislation, but added that the two houses haven't talked with Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who has suggested there isn't enough time left in the session for any major agreements.
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Girardi, the ex-manager of the Yankees and Marlins and ex-big-league-catcher for four teams including the Yankees, also talked to several members of the state Assembly and posed for photographs, but wasn't scheduled to address the full Assembly.
Girardi is the second New York sports hero to journey to Albany to urge lawmakers to act on sports betting. Previously, former New York Knick John Starks appeared on behalf of Madison Square Garden.
Back in December, paparazzi shots of CR star Kim Kardashian-West donning nude separates made their way on the social media mogul's Instagram. Forgoing the traditional runway show at New York Fashion Week, West opted to debut Yeezy Season 6 on KKW instead in a campaign styled by Carine with Jackie Nickerson.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Now, mere days before NYFW, West has expanded upon the original concept in the series by enlisting social media stars and influencers to reenact the iconic Kim photographs, tapping CR favorites Amina Blue and Paris Hilton, along with Jordyn Woods, Kristen Noel Crawley, and Shannon and Shannade Clermont among many more.
Yeezy
Yeezy
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Yeezy
The photographs, debuting on Instagram, showcase the same looks and locations as Kim's original campaign, as well as some NYFW nude pictures of the Clermont twins. What West was able to accomplish with Season 6 is distilled the direct-to-consumer model to its purest form, as well as allow other Yeezy fans to participate under the hashtag #YeezySeason6. After the initial roll-out of photos, more of West's friends appeared in the designer's latest creations on social media.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The collection itself adhered to the nude and taupe color-way for which West has become known. In addition to sports bras and leggings in sandy colors, the new campaign features outerwear, trousers, jackets, heels, and boots.
Yeezy
Yeezy
Yeezy Season 6 is available to shop online.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A gunman was filmed leaping out of a car and running through traffic to assassinate a driver on a motorway.
The chilling incident, which happened in broad daylight, was captured on film.
Caio César Siqueira Sisnando died on Tuesday afternoon after 11 shots were fired at him.
The 29-year-old was attacked as they stopped at traffic lights on a motorway in Fortaleza, north east Brazil.
According to civil police the driver was linked to a criminal gang and targeted because of debt.
(Image: FocusOn News)
(Image: FocusOn News)
A spokesperson from Ceara Department of Public Security and Social Defence said: “The man killed was also known as 'Caio Lacraia'.
“We believe they were a member of the Red Command (CV, Comando Vermelho - Brazil's second largest criminal faction) and targeted by criminals who had been hired to kill him.
“The victim was known to us as a warrant for their arrest had been issued for stealing cars.”
A video of the crime was filmed by the criminals and shared on social networks.
It shows them following the victim's white L200 Mitsubushi and can be heard planning the attack as Caio slows down to stop at the lights.
Speaking in slang, the hitman, named by cops as Antonio Bruno Oliveira, says: “It's going to be now, so start filming, we've got him.”
The assassin instructs their accomplice, who is driving, to draw level with the white pickup.
Seconds later, they jump out of their vehicle and fires a round of seven shots which hit the right front passenger window.
(Image: FocusOn News)
(Image: FocusOn News)
(Image: FocusOn News)
Taken by surprise, the driver makes a desperate attempt to flee, but the shooter chases the truck on foot, blasting four more bullets.
The attack sends the truck careering out of control. It rams into the traffic lights as other terrified motorists speed away from the scene.
The victim was snapped sitting upright and apparently awake at the scene, by concerned onlookers who raced to help the injured man.
They were taken to hospital but was pronounced dead on arrival.
Further footage shows the car door slamming as the hitman, now back with their getaway driver, shouts: “Go, go, go, it's done. He's dead.”
As the gangsters speed off, with the camera pointing to the rear window showing the aftermath of the crime, the triggerman brandishes their revolver while saying in a celebratory tone: “It's been done, it's done.”
(Image: FocusOn News)
(Image: FocusOn News)
(Image: FocusOn News)
Their accomplice mummers in agreement as the cold-blooded killer, who continues to focus the camera on the weapon, records a message.
They say: “I unloaded the gun on the toyboy, you see my brothers, it's done. One more has been shot down.”
A police spokesperson said they identified and arrested the gunman on Wednesday night.
This is the third gang-killing in a week to take place in the area.
Fortaleza was the centre of another horrifying gangland clash last Saturday when 14 partygoers were massacred in a hail of bullets by criminals in a revenge attack.
Just after midnight around 15 armed mobsters, belonging to a gang known as Guardians of the State stormed a crowded nightclub and opened fire inside.
Six of the victims were men and eight women - two were minors, the majority were said to be innocent and not linked to criminal activities.
(Image: FocusOn News)
(Image: FocusOn News)
Two days later ten inmates at Itapajé prison, 78 miles from Fortaleza were killed by prisoners, who are members of the Red Command. The victims were linked to the rival Guardians of the State.
Claudio Justa, chairperson of Ceara's penitentiaries (Copen) told Agencia Brasil that the jail violence was a direct response by the Rio de Janeiro-based Red Command to the mass slaughter in Cajazeiras.
This latest killing on Wednesday in Fortaleza comes as residents accuse Ceara state governor, Camilo Santana, of losing control.
Following Saturday's massacre, security secretary, André Costa, denied the state has "lost control of public safety" and the rule of law is in the hands of criminal factions.
At a press conference they said: “This killing was an isolated event. We have not loss of control in Ceara.
“This was an organised crime, planned and executed by criminals.”
They compared the attacks on nightclubs and concerts to those carried out in the United States and assured residents: "There is no reason to panic or be fearful."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A daughter cut out their mother's eyes during a sickening drug-fuelled murder, according to police.
Camille Balla reportedly shouted: "I killed my mother and I need help", when officers arrived at the gruesome scene.
Deputies said the victim's eyes were found in a nearby cardboard box.
According to a police report, Balla also yelled at fire rescue officials: "I'm a murderer, I'm a murderer."
The 32-year-old is accused of gouging out the eyes of their mum Francisca Monteiro-Balla, who was found dead in the garage of a home in Florida, US.
They were found on a path behaving in a frantic manner, covered in blood.
"Both of their eyes had been removed from their sockets," Detective Mathew Orr wrote in the affidavit.
"Several feet away from the victim was a cardboard box which had the victim's eyes found on top."
Montiero-Balla had cuts all over their body following the brutal attack.
The mum had "several large, deep lacerations" to their body, "including their head, arms, chest, stomach and groin", say investigators, and there were also handwritten notes with religious-themed messages about clearing the soul at the scene.
Balla told Palm Beach County Fire Rescue they smoked marijuana they thought might be laced with designer drug flakka, or PCP, before the killing.
Balla reportedly mumbled, screamed, ran around and then fell to the ground, the report states, having already called a colleague and saying they may have killed them mum.
When that friend arrived and saw what had happened in the garage, the police were called in.
Investigators said they also found a blood trail in the living room, kitchen and into the garage.
The scene was littered with broken glass and pools of blood as if Balla kneeled over their mother, a detective wrote in the report.
The news channel said investigators have organised a lab test of marijuana found in the home.
Balla was taken to Palms West Hospital and treated for cuts on their hands and knees. They were then taken to St. Mary's Medical Center after screaming again.
Later, Balla was booked into the Palm Beach County Jail and appeared before a judge Monday morning. They started screaming as they entered the courtroom and was removed, the news station said.
The judge ordered Balla to have a mental evaluation and is now being held without bond on a charge of first-degree murder.
In the past, they have been arrested in 2015 for driving under the influence and in 2014 arrested but not prosecuted for possessing marijuana.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the first picture of a teenage boy stabbed to death in south Liverpool.
Daniel Gee-Jamieson, 16, from Gateacre, died after a horrific attack in the area last night.
They were pronounced dead after a three hour battle for survival in hospital.
Their next of kin have been informed.
Detectives this morning arrested a 17-year-old boy on suspicion of their murder. The suspect was taken to a police station for questioning.
Passers-by had fought to save Daniel at the scene before the arrival of the emergency services, and today police appealed for those who tried to support them to contact murder squad detectives.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Emergency services were called to Belle Vale Road at around 9pm on Tuesday night following reports of a stabbing, the Liverpool Echo reports.
On arrival they found Daniel injured on the street, close to the Loop Line bridge and a small park opposite Woodholme Court.
It is believed they collapsed on the road, where a forensics tent was set up overnight, but that they may have been stabbed nearby.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
(Image: PA)
Daniel's friends and family were invited to nearby St Stephen's Church in Belle Vale for prayer and reflection in light of the tragedy.
Appealing for information, Detective Chief Superintendent Chris Green said: "We are continuing to appeal for witnesses or anyone who might have any information on this tragic incident.
"We are asking anyone who saw the incident itself, or anything suspicious in the vicinity of Belle Vale Road, and the field opposite Woodholme Court around 9pm last night, to come forward.
"In particular, we would like to speak to a male and female who we believe administered first aid to the victim shortly after the incident.
"We also want to appeal to anyone who was passing through Belle Vale Road at around 9pm who may have dash-cam footage showing any of the events before or after incident."
Trafalgar Square will be transformed into London's biggest cinema for a free screening of Asghar Farhadi's The Salesman to celebrate the capital's creative success.
The screening – on February 26, just hours before the Oscars are handed out in Hollywood – will mark the film's UK premiere.
Before the screening, stars of London's film industry will address an audience of up to 10,000 people.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan is organising the screening, along with actor Lily Cole, producer Kate Wilson and film-maker Mark Donne.
The event will coincide with the Oscars to celebrate the capital's success as a “creative hub and a global beacon for openness and diversity”.
It forms part of the Mayor's #LondonIsOpen campaign, which aims to build ties to the city across the world.
Mr Khan said: “I'm delighted to welcome people from across the capital and beyond to share in this celebration of London as an international hub of creativity and as a beacon of diversity.
“Londoners have always prided themselves on their openness to the world, and what better way to do that than to come together to watch this powerful film in one of the world's most famous public spaces.”
The Salesman stars Shahab Hosseini and Taraneh Alidoosti in the lead roles of Emad and Rana.
The critically-acclaimed film won Best Screenplay at the 2016 Cannes Film Festival, with Hosseini winning Best Actor.
It has been nominated in the Best Foreign Film category in the 89th Academy Awards, which take place on Sunday February 26.
Mr Farhadi, added: “Screening The Salesman in Trafalgar Square has a great symbolic value for me.
“The gathering of the audience around The Salesman in this famous London square is a symbol of unity against the division and separation of people.
“I offer my warmest thanks to the Mayor of London and the cinema community for this generous initiative. I welcome and appreciate this invaluable show of solidarity.”
The screening of The Salesman will begin at 4.30pm and will end at 6.35pm.
Christina Aguilera just made millennials' karaoke fantasies come true. Hopping in James Corden's famous Range Rover, the "Lady Marmalade" singer crooned their instantly iconic hits for The Late Late Show audiences just like it was 2002 all over again. And Aguilera's Carpool Karaoke included a Melissa McCarthy cameo — which may initially come as a surprise, until you remember that the two appear together in Life of the Party, a college campus comedy that premieres in May.
Corden and Aguilera took a thorough dive into the 37-year-old Burlesque star's most unforgettable songs, fearlessly belting out generation-defining anthems like "Beautiful," "Fighter," and, of course, "Genie In A Bottle." Speaking of making fans' wishes come true, you won't want to miss the moment when McCarthy suddenly appeared in the backseat, leaping up to deliver Redman's powerhouse rap from "Dirrty." "I have been here the entire time," McCarthy deadpanned.
The best part? Corden enlisted Aguilera for a quick brush-up on those diva basics, handing everyone a pink rhinestone-encrusted mic and asking them how to show off their pipes like an early millennium pop goddess. "I feel like in our heads Melissa and me, we think we could be divas, but we need someone to teach us the true technique," they quipped, as Aguilera demonstrated exactly how it's done.
The Late Late Show with James Corden on YouTube
Of course, Corden wasn't exactly there just to sing. Probing Aguilera about the dynamics between their famous '90s Mickey Mouse Club co-stars, they couldn't resist throwing in a few questions dwelling on the teen romance sagas of fellow alums Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears, and Ryan Gosling. "Even then at that age, could you find yourself getting lost in Ryan Gosling's eyes?" they teased.
"I think there were crushes, but I wasn't on the train," Aguilera answered, diplomatically. "There was like a and Britney [thing], there was like a thing back then. It was a good time." They confessed that even two decades ago, though, Timberlake undoubtedly "had swag," and served up some deliciously candid real talk about young Gosling, confirming, "He did have a crush on Britney." Wow. Add that one to the top of the Mouseketeers Missed Connections list.
Since wrapping their time as a judge on NBC's smash-hit singing competition The Voice in 2016, Aguilera has certainly been keeping busy. Besides crooning original singles for Netflix's The Get Down or serving as an executive producer on Spike TV's Tracks, she's been performing across the globe and even collaborated with the Discovery Channel on an episode of Hello World. While it's easy to think wistfully of Xtina as the otherworldly voice from 2009's impossibly sensuous "Beautiful" video, it's clear the mom of two has cultivated a powerhouse career beyond the pop spotlight — even if it's still hard to escape the full-body nostalgia for their performance of "Reflection" in Disney's Mulan.
Fans took to Twitter on Monday to show their love for Aguilera's timeless talent, with one supporter even heaping compliments on Corden's vocal prowess. "James, you should be in Xtina's new album!!!!", one person wrote. No lie, singing next to Aguilera takes some serious guts. (Spoiler: If you're looking for proof, skip to the part where they test how high their voice can go.)
The biggest takeaway from Aguilera's hilarious and harmonious Carpool Karaoke episode? Them pipes have undeniably stood the tests of the decades. "I've never heard a voice like it, oh my gosh," Corden mused as they pulled back into the studio lot after wrapping their cruise through early millennium pop gold. Considering he's belted behind-the-wheel tunes with Sam Smith, Harry Styles, and Jennifer Lopez, to name just a few, that feels like quite the compliment.
Having a green thumb can be difficult when you've got a dog running, ripping and rolling through your yard. The good news: It's still possible to have a garden that's both puppy-proofed and pretty.
To help keep your puppy happy and your garden growing, the American Kennel Club offers the following tips:
advertisement | advertise on newsday
— Pick plants wisely. Consider a shield of hardier varieties, such as the more durable French lavenders or ornamental grasses that will take the first hit and survive. When the protected plants are big enough to withstand dog play, you can transplant these varieties and put them to work elsewhere.
— Beware of poisonous plants. It's better to be safe than sorry. Try to avoid planting varieties such as poinsettias, lilies of the valley and holly plants, to name a few, as these could harm your dog if eaten.
— Save the seedlings. Keep a number of wire baskets handy — the kind used as hanging planters. Place the empty wire baskets upside down over your seedlings, about 2-3 feet apart. They will be camouflaged by the fast-growing annuals, and they'll deflect surprise attacks from yard romps gone awry.
— Choose durable plants. Put in industrial-strength vegetation such as rosemary, ornamental grasses or day lilies. These are the types of plants that don't mind being cut back and can tolerate dog play.
— Monitor your dog around the plants. Most of all, as a responsible dog owner, it's important to watch your dog when he's around your plants to prevent them from ingesting them.
Show me the elephant the blind man has seen, and only then will I believe that you have really seen a fly.
Second seed Wozniacki bows out to Makarova
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 9 // 04 Jul 2018, 22:47 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Caroline Wozniacki examines their racket on Court 1
World number two Caroline Wozniacki was the latest big name to tumble out of Wimbledon as they lost 6-4 1-6 7-5 to Ekaterina Makarova in the second round.
Wozniacki won the Nature Valley International title at Eastbourne last week, but they have never been beyond the fourth round at the England Club and largely looked off the pace throughout on Wednesday, joining pre-tournament favourite Petra Kvitova in making an early exit.
The Dane, who claimed their first grand slam title at the Australian Open, was undone by the powerful Makarova in the opener, the Russian holding off a fightback to clinch the set with a forehand winner down the line.
And Wozniacki then spent much of the second set complaining about the conditions on Number One Court, even as they came roaring back into the contest.
The No.2 seed bows out.
On their sixth match point, @katemakarova1 defeats Caroline Wozniacki 6-4, 1-6, 7-5 to eliminate the Dane from #Wimbledon pic.twitter.com/jsWlHdeOVZ — Wimbledon (@Wimbledon) July 4, 2018
The second seed grew frustrated by the vast number of insects buzzing around the arena - telling the chair umpire "I am here to focus on playing tennis, not eating bugs", while they appeared to be struggling with their footing on a slippery court later on.
Makarova rallied but squandered four match points and gave up a two-break lead, before finally brilliantly sealing victory with a lengthy rally to set up a contest with Lucie Safarova.
With Wozniacki and Kvitova - a two-time champion - both out, the likes of French Open victor Simona Halep, defending champion Garbine Muguruza and Serena Williams will fancy their chances of going all the way.
HAMILTON, New Zealand — Tevaughn Shaqele Campbell and Luke Bradley scored late tries but Canada still fell to Samoa 22-14 on Saturday at the New Zealand Sevens.
Canada will play in the Challenge Trophy quarterfinal against an undetermined opponent.
Murphy Pocetta Joe Paulo, Neria Fomai, David Jerusalem Afamasaga and Tila Mealoi all scored as Samoa built an early lead.
Campbell and Bradley scored in the 10th and 13th minutes respectively.
Residents have always wanted to stay clear of a night in Bridge Street Police Station - however soon people could be queueing up for the chance.
A planning application has been submitted to turn the building into a Premier Inn Hotel.
However, visitors will not be able to spend a night in the cells, as if the application is given the go ahead, the building will be demolished, with a new hotel built in its place.
The police station has been empty since 2015, while Cambridgeshire police's motor workshop moved away from the site last year.
The planning application reveals the new hotel would have 126 rooms, and provide 37 new jobs. The new hotel would also have a restaurant.
Premier Inn is the latest hotel brand to announce a move to Peterborough city centre, with a Hilton Gardens Innset to open. The 130 room hotel in the Fletton Quays Development is being built thanks to a £15 million loan to developers from Peterborough City Council.
Cllr John Holdich, leader of the council, said the offering from Premier Inn would be different to the Hilton. They said: “All the evidence is that we need more hotel space in the city.
“We have a monstrosity of a building in the middle of the road at the moment, and just about the only thing you can do with it is build a hotel.
“But it has to look good. We have spent money on Lower Bridge Street, and it is the gateway to the city from that side.”
Toby Wood, from the Peterborough Civic Society, said the society was looking at the plans. They said: “Civic Society committee members are meeting with the applicant's agent early next week to discuss the application. Our view will be more definite after that.”
Stuart Rose, Acquisitions Manager for the Midlands at Premier Inn, said: “Our development partner has recently submitted a planning application to Peterborough City Council for a brand new 126-bedroom Premier Inn hotel by Rivergate in Peterborough. The proposal seeks planning permission to demolish the former Bridge Street Police Station and create a striking new hotel building. The strategic location of the hotel on the corner of Rivergate and Bridge Street will act as a gateway to Peterborough city centre and the contemporary design will create a lively frontage onto Bridge Street.
“Whitbread, Premier Inn's parent company, is making a significant investment in the new hotel and, if approved, it would create approximately 40 new year-round jobs, with recruitment focused in Peterborough and the surrounding area.
“We have been actively seeking a site for a new hotel in the city centre for a number of years, so the former Police Station presents an ideal opportunity for us. We hope the Council supports our ambitions for the site and the opportunities we will bring to Peterborough.”
Fed Slaps Unusual Penalty On Wells Fargo Following 'Widespread Consumer Abuses'
Enlarge this image toggle caption CX Matiash/AP CX Matiash/AP
In a rare move, the Federal Reserve announced Friday that it is restricting Wells Fargo's growth and demanding the replacement of four board members in response to "widespread consumer abuses and compliance breakdowns" at the bank.
"Until the firm makes sufficient improvements, it will be restricted from growing any larger than its total asset size as of the end of 2017," the Fed said in a statement. This is first time the Fed has placed a cap on the overall growth of a firm.
Wells Fargo says it has $1.9 trillion in assets.
The move to snuff its growth comes after the bank admitted in 2016 to creating potentially millions of fake bank accounts at the expense of unsuspecting customers.
NPR's Chris Arnold has reported a "toxic high-pressure sales culture at the bank" drove workers to dupe consumers all while helping the bank's bottom line.
The Fed said Friday that Wells Fargo's business strategy prioritized its own growth at the expense of risk management resulting in compliance breakdowns. It is ordering the bank to "improve its governance and risk management processes, including strengthening the effectiveness of oversight by its board of directors."
In the meantime, Wells Fargo is permitted to continue accepting customer deposits and make consumer loans, the Fed said.
Wells Fargo said complying with the consent order is its number one priority and has already taken steps get there. It plans to present a plan for improvement to the Fed within two months.
CEO Tim Sloan said in a statement, "Although one part of the consent order restricts our company's asset growth, we remain financially strong and flexible and are confident we can fully serve your needs."
But the bank estimated that its total earnings could drop by as much as $400 million this year.
The move represents Fed Chair Janet Yellen's swan song. Saturday is their last day as head of the Fed when they step down to make way for Jerome Powell, who takes over on Monday.
"We cannot tolerate pervasive and persistent misconduct at any bank and the consumers harmed by Wells Fargo expect that robust and comprehensive reforms will be put in place to make certain that the abuses do not occur again," Yellen said in a statement.
Add 20 more cases and 22 more hospitalizations to San Diego County's ever-growing hepatitis A outbreak.Tuesday afternoon the county Health and Human Services Agency raised the number of the outbreak's confirmed cases to 481 from 461 and hospitalizations to 337 from 315. The death count associated with the outbreak, which started in November 2016, remained at 17 for a second straight week.For the last two weeks, the health department has reported having more than 40 cases under investigation awaiting confirmation from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that they suspect are caused by the same unique strains associated with other outbreak cases.No information on the number of cases under investigation was available Tuesday. All of those who have died during the outbreak have hadVaccination events continue throughout the city as public health officials focus on those at the highest risk of infection such as health and safety workers and those who work with homeless outreach organizations and food service workers.Hepatitis A infection isThe hepatitis A virus is shed in human feces and transmitted when a person accidentally comes in contact with fecal matter. Proper hygiene - hand-washing with soap and warm water for at least 20 seconds after using the bathroom - is sufficient to kill the virus, though alcohol-based hand sanitizer may not be effective. Hepatitis A symptoms include jaundice (yellowing of the skin and the whites of the eyes), abdominal pain, fatigue, diarrhea, vomiting and nausea.
Fifth Harmony's hiatus has "nothing" to do with Camila Cabello.
The girl group - which includes Ally Brooke, Normani, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui - announced on Monday (19.03.18) that they were taking a break from the band to pursue solo projects but an insider has insisted their decision has nothing to do with Camila's departure from the group at the end of 2016.
A source said: "These girls have been working virtually every day, non-stop for six years. They needed time on their own. They spent their entire teen lives together, touring, recording and promoting their projects. So, they wanted to explore themselves as individuals, as humans. They all decided together that the end of this tour was a natural break and they could use the time to do some solo projects, whether that be albums or something else. They're happy and supportive of each other. There is no drama about this hiatus. Since The X Factor began, they have not had the chance to do anything else but be Fifth Harmony. Camila Cabello leaving the group had nothing to do with this break. They have had a No. 1 album since they left and this is entirely about them taking time to be individuals."
The 'Work From Home' hitmakers announced the news in a statement posted to social media earlier on Monday.
It read: "Reflecting on the past six years since we started on 'X Factor', we've realised just how far we've come and we appreciate everything so much, more now than ever. We've really had one hell of a memorable journey together and can't begin to express our gratitude to y'all for coming along with us on this wild ride! After six years gong hard, non stop, we also realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you, we do need to take some time for now to go on hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavours."
Trump Addresses Iran Nuclear Deal At White House With French President Macron President Trump and French President Macron addressed their differences on the Iran nuclear agreement Tuesday as they took questions from reporters at the White House.
It looks like the royal baby is taking visitors now that he's finally home at Kensington Palace with mom and dad, Kate Middleton and Prince William. One of their first guests appears to be aunt Pippa Middleton, who was spotted driving out of palace grounds today in a millennial pink coat, sweater, and sunglasses.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Sources also told Us Weekly that the Duchess of Cambridge's sister, who is reportedly pregnant with their first child, arrived this afternoon, London time.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Pippa likely found out about the royal birth long before any of us did. Sources told BAZAAR.com that the proud parents notified their loved ones about the new baby's arrival before making the official announcement hours later.
Prince William, for example, personally called the Queen and Prince Philip, Prince Charles and Duchess Camilla, and Prince Harry and Meghan Markle about the news, an aide told BAZAAR.com.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The younger Middleton sister wasn't the first relative to visit the new baby, though. Prince George and Princess Charlotte got to meet their new sibling just hours after they were born. The royal tots made an adorable arrival to the Lindo Wing of St. Mary's Hospital yesterday, where their mother gave birth. (Charlotte couldn't stop waving to their fans.)
Another addition to the Middleton family could be arriving soon. On Saturday, reports broke that Pippa is expecting their first child with husband James Matthews, whom they wed last May.
A source close to the couple told the Sunday Express that big sister Kate "could not have been more delighted" about the news. Perhaps it won't be long until we see Kate swinging by Pippa's place to meet their first niece or nephew.
Want more royals? Now you can watch all of the best episodes from Bazaar's Royal Watch—right here on Prime Video.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A student has told how masked protesters disrupted a political talk at the University of the West of England.
William Bates, 20, vice-president of UWE Conservatives, described how they were shoved in a melee that erupted during the visit by Tory MP Jacob Rees-Mogg.
Mr Bates, who called police when trouble flared, has made a complaint of assault following the incident.
They filmed the assault on their phone (view video above).
They told the Bristol Post: “There were about 300 people and the lecture theatre was full. It was the biggest political event at UWE ever.
“Suddenly 12 protesters wearing black balaclavas and masks burst in through an insecure back door. It was very intimidating for all of the students.
“Jacob Rees-Mogg walked straight up towards them and engaged them, asking them about their views and issues.
“They chanted ‘Nazi scum' at him.”
This video, taken from a different angle, shows Rees-Mogg in a scuffle at the event:
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Mr Bates, who studies politics and international relations, said it was a disappointing disruption to what was a coup for UWE.
They said: “A lot of students were very keen to hear what they (Mr Rees-Mogg) had to say.
“We continued with the event afterwards.
“Even if people don't agree with them they find their politics very interesting.
“It was an exciting opportunity.
“To be fair there was violence, but there was not really serious violence.
“People were being hit and punched but no-one was seriously hurt.”
(Image: Chloe Kaye)
The North East Somerset MP appeared at the debate which was hosted by the university's Politics and International Relations Society (PAIRS).
In footage of the fracas Mr Rees-Mogg is seen coming in between the aggressors, holding them at arm's length.
A UWE student, Chloe Kaye, captured the incident on their phone, saying: "Huge amount of physical violence at a Jacob Rees Mogg speech in UWE Bristol".
A number of other people are seen filming the fight as well.
The event had been planned in advance by the society who said on their Facebook page they had sold out of tickets in the first seven minutes that they went on sale.
No arrests were made on the night but police are viewing CCTV in an investigation of the incident.
The university has said it believes none of its students were among protestors.
By Scott T. Sterling
Count Taylor Swift among the countless musicians paying tribute to rock legend Tom Petty in the wake of their death earlier this week.
Related: Bruce Springsteen Remembers Tom Petty: ‘A Long Lost Brother'
Swift spoke to Rolling Stone about Petty's tremendous influence on them
“To me, Tom Petty represented a kind of songwriting I idolized: complex simplicity,” they revealed. “It said so much in the lyrics, the concepts, the stories, the message, the nuances … but always brought you back to a hook that got stuck in everyone's head. They motivated thousands of guitarists to learn to play just because they wanted to be able to play ‘Free Fallin.” Count me as one of them.”
Swift famously covered Petty's timeless 1977 single, “American Girl,” releasing it as a single and performing it on their Fearless tour in 2009. Check it out below.
NEW software will go a long way out collecting data about great white sharks.
Gone are the days that the absence of standardised procedures hampered efforts to manage and protect these species.
A marine biologist, an applied mathematician and a software developer from Stellenbosch University have combined their expertise to develop a custommade software package which may offer a solution to this problem.
Dr Sara Andreotti, a marine biologist in the department of botany and zoology, has collected more than 5000 photographic images of the dorsal fins of white sharks along the South African coastline as part of their research.
The trailing edge of the dorsal fin provides a unique identifier, analogous to a human fingerprint and over six years they manually built a database with information on when and where an individual white shark was sighted.
“I nearly lost my mind. I quickly realised that in the long term updating the database was going to consume more and more of my time.
“That is when I headed over to the applied mathematics division and asked for help. I was stunned when they were excited about my data,” they said. Prof Ben Herbst, a specialist in machine learning and Dr Pieter Holtzhausen, a software engineer studying for a PhD in applied mathematics, were excited to work with Andreotti's database.
“We used an algorithmic technique called dynamic time-warping to match the fingerprints. With this technique, any data that can be turned into a linear sequence can be analysed.
This technique is often used in speech recognition software,” Holtzhausen said, While working with Michael Meyer, a marine scientist from the department of environmental affairs and shark activist conservationist Michael Rutzen from Shark Diving Unlimited, Andreotti realised the software needed some tweaking to fit the ideal of sustaining a large database for the long-term monitoring of the great white shark population.
“The software had to be capable of quickly matching the fin identification of a newly photographed shark with a possible existing match in the database and to automatically update the shark's ID catalogue.
“The database also had to be userfriendly and structured in such a way that different researchers can use it over .
VINCENT CRUYWAGEN
Boulder Primary School pre-primary students Jett Llewellyn, 3, and Sunin Chan-Woods, 4, were entertained by Andrew Dawson and Constable Care.
Boulder Primary School pre-primary students Jett Llewellyn, 3, and Sunin Chan-Woods, 4, were entertained by Andrew Dawson and Constable Care. Picture: Kelsey Reid / Kalgoorlie Miner
One of WA's most recognisable law enforcement figures is spending the week in Kalgoorlie-Boulder, visiting schools and teaching students the importance of safety and education.
Constable Care is on a regional tour for their new production Fun Scary and is spending time at eight schools in the Goldfields.
The show is designed for junior primary students and follows the story of Timmy and Tegan, who learn there is a big difference between “fun scary” and “bad scary”.
Fun scary includes moments such as sliding down a big slide, whereas bad scary includes moments when someone is feeling genuine distress.
Constable Care and the team were at Boulder Primary School yesterday afternoon, much to the delight of students. Deputy principal Ashley Ferguson said the school was happy to welcome the Constable Care team.
“The lessons being taught are always kept up to date, are well researched and also are really well designed to reach the students,” they said.
“It is a tried and trusted program that has been going around since I was in school. They have found ways to reinvent themselves and stay up to date with their audience, and kids love them.”
Shanghai SIPG fans cheer as Oscar arrives in China
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017, 14:48 IST
Brazilian international midfielder Oscar arrives at the Shanghai Pudong International Airport, after agreeing to join China super league football club Shanghai SIPG from Chelsea in Shanghai, China, January 2, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Brazilian international midfielder Oscar was cheered by supporters of their new Shanghai club on Monday where some media reports said they would earn nearly $500,000 a week, making them the highest-paid player in the world.
Financial details of Oscar's transfer to Shanghai SIPG from English Premier League club Chelsea have not been released, but media reports have suggested Shanghai paid 60 million euros ($62.6 million) to lure the 25-year-old to the Chinese super league club.
Fans wearing the team's red and white colours shouted "Oscar, Oscar!" when the Brazilian arrived at Shanghai's international airport on Monday. They stopped to sign autographs before being led away by team officials.
"I think it will definitely enhance the team's capabilities," Shao Lei, a 30-year-old SIPG supporter, said of the latest Brazilian to sign with the Shanghai club.
"Our goal is to strive for the championship, nothing else," they told Reuters Television.
The figures cited in British media reports would make Oscar the world's highest paid player at about 400,000 pounds a week ($490,760).
However, they could be eclipsed by Carlos Tevez when the Argentine signs a huge contract with Shanghai Shenhua that could earn the striker 615,000 pounds a week, according to media reports.
Shanghai SIPG finished third in the 2016 Chinese Super League season, which ran from March to the end of October, 12 points behind champions Guangzhou Evergrande and five behind second-placed Jiangsu Suning.
Oscar scored 38 goals in 203 appearances for Chelsea and lifted the Premier League, League Cup and Europa League titles during their four-and-a-half-year spell at the club.
They will link up with compatriots Hulk and Elkeson who are already plying their trade at Shanghai SIPG, led by former Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas.
(Reporting by Xihao Jiang, writing by Sabrina Mao, editing by Darren Schuettler and Sudipto Ganguly)
Federer's pullout from Cincinnati hands number one spot to Nadal
by Reuters News 14 Aug 2017, 21:56 IST
Aug 11, 2017; Montreal, Quebec, Canada; Roger Federer of Switzerland serves against Roberto Bautista Agut of Spain (not pictured) during the Rogers Cup tennis tournament at Uniprix Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Eric Bolte-USA TODAY Sports
(Reuters) - Roger Federer has pulled out of the Cincinnati Open with a back injury, meaning Rafa Nadal will be the new world number one in next week's rankings.
Federer, who has participated in the Ohio warm-up tournament for the U.S. Open on seven occasions, said they had picked up the injury in Montreal, where they lost to Germany's Alexander Zverev in the final.
"I am very sorry to pull out of the Western and Southern Open as I always enjoy playing here," Federer said in a statement issued by the tournament.
"Cincinnati has some of the best fans in the world and I am sorry I will miss them. Unfortunately, I tweaked my back in Montreal and I need to rest this week."Federer's withdrawal assures that Nadal will be top of the rankings when they are issued on Aug. 21. The Spaniard will return to the top spot for the first time since July 6, 2014.
(Reporting by Simon Evans; editing by Mark Heinrich)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The DJ who pioneered the UK house scene has raised £30,000 for life-saving cancer treatment in just two days.
Nicky Holloway, one of the ‘Ibiza four, revealed their cancer diagnosis in an emotional appeal to fans as they ‘swallowed their pride' and asked for help.
They were desperate for groundbreaking treatment at the Proton Therapy Center in Prague after discovering they had a cancerous tumour.
Inundated with support, they smashed their fundraising goal of £25,000 in just 48 hours. Londoner Nicky said: “I could not believe the response.”
Nicky travelled to the White Isle in 1987 and returned with the inspiration to transform the British club scene.
(Image: Ian Hughes)
With Paul Oakenfold, Johnny Walker and Danny Rampling, they formed the Ibiza four. Nicky told fans: “I'm trying to stay alive to annoy you all with my bad jokes, rubbish dress sense, arrogance and appalling taste in music.”
The diagnosis came by pure chance after a fall on holiday in Spain. A visit to their GP back home revealed abnormally high level of prostate specific antigen (PSA) in their blood.
They said: “I wanted something for the pain in my ribs after I tripped on a paving stone.
“I had missed results of a blood test. They showed I had a really high PSA level of 13.”
Nicky had a tumour in their prostate surgery was needed to remove it. The prostate is a three cm long gland just below the bladder.
(Image: Ian Hughes)
It sits close to blood vessels which control bladder and sexual functions, making it an extremely delicate area of the body.
The disc jockey said they were concerned about side effects of the surgery, which include incontinence and loss of sexual function, so they started looking for treatments elsewhere.
They added: The only thing available in the UK almost guaranteed incontinence for a year and here is the biggie - no erections without injecting my wedding tackle or using some weird pump thing.
“I am in no way NHS bashing but sadly when it comes to the big C we are way behind the rest of Europe.”
Nicky visited the Prague clinic where Brit toddler Ashya King was treated for a brain tumour in 2014.
 They are heading back to the Czech Republic this month for their course of five proton therapy ‘fractions'.
Proton therapy is a type of radiotherapy which uses an accelerated beam of positively-charged particles to attack cancerous cells. Unlike traditional radiotherapy using X-rays, it can pin-point exact areas to target, meaning less damage to surrounding tissue and fewer side effects.
(Image: Ian Hughes)
It is not suitable for all cancers, but can be used to treat prostate cancer, brain cancer, head and neck tumours, and cancer in the lungs, breasts, and liver.
Proton therapy is not available in the UK but the NHS is currently spending £250 million building proton centres in London and Manchester.
In the meantime, treatment can be sought overseas and in the last three years the NHS has spent £43 million sending 489 patients abroad - with the vast majority heading to America.
Nicky described the diagnosis as a wake-up call after experiencing symptoms of the disease, which can include difficulty going to the the bathroom and pain, discomfort or bleeding when passing urine.
They plan to host a party in November to thank the 900 people who dug deep and made their trip possible. Donating to the cause, one follower wrote: ‘Thank you for providing a big part of my clubbing world, here's a little something back. Get well soon.'
CONCORD, N.C. — Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s final weekend as a full-time driver at Charlotte Motor Speedway got off to a rough start when they crashed moments into Friday's opening practice.
Earnhardt drove into the high line of the track and slipped in the grippy substance Charlotte officials had used on the surface. It caused them to hit the wall and their Hendrick Motorsports team had to pull out their backup car.
Earnhardt wasn't very happy about their misfortune and felt the compound — known as PJ1 — was too slick.
"I'm avoiding it until somebody can go up there and shows me there is a lap up there," said Earnhardt. "I ain't going near it, on purpose. Might end up it accidentally a few times, but I don't think anybody is willing to go up there without seeing somebody do it first. It's obviously very slick. It's like ice."
The day picked up after practice when Earnhardt was given their retirement gift from Charlotte Motor Speedway: $100,000 to establish the Dale Earnhardt Jr. Concussion Research Fund at Carolinas Healthcare System's Levine's Children's Hospital. The gift will underwrite ImPACT baseline concussion testing for more than 10,000 students in eight area counties. Mooresville High School, Earnhardt's alma mater, will be added to the program that includes "blink reflexometry" research.
Members of the Mooresville High School football team were on hand for the presentation, and Earnhardt shook hands with each of them. He's retiring at the end of the season, in part because of multiple concussions he's received while racing.
Earnhardt has requested tracks to consider gift that will impact the local community during their retirement tour rather than give them extravagant items.
"I didn't' need any silly stuff or goofy gifts that I'm just going to go store away in a warehouse that you'll never see," Earnhardt said. "I thought this was a great opportunity to make an impact in each community and I feel real blessed. I can't imagine there's anything I need or they could come up with that I'd be 'Yeah, I've been looking for this!'
"It just feels so good to see others be helped. I want everybody to be happy, that's kind of my thing, the way I've always been. Hopefully this season makes a lot of people happy."
___
Since its inception in 2002, the Osian Roberts/Steve Fishwick band have built a strong reputation as one of the most consistent and exciting live acts on the UK jazz scene.
They've toured extensively throughout Britain, performing in some of the country's most renowned jazz clubs, as well as appearing at many International Jazz Festivals (including Brecon, Swanage and London) and recording a number of critically acclaimed CDs.
Alan Barnes
For Sunday's Peterborough Jazz Club concert, at the Great Northern Hotel, the Osian Roberts/Steve Fishwick quintet is augmented with the superb baritone saxophone of Alan Barnes to complete the front line, creating one of the finest combos to be heard anywhere.
Steve Fishwick is unquestionably one of the finest trumpeters we've ever produced in the UK and Osian Roberts' style has been compared to some of the great saxophonists. Alan Barnes is consistently rated as one of our top alto and baritone saxophonists over many years. The repertoire of the band is largely original, but they also play their own arrangements of standards, and throughout the programme, the emphasis is on swing and improvisation creating a straight ahead style, personified by the great bands of Art Blakey and Horace Silver from the 1950s and 60s. With a top rhythm section behind the front line, this promises to be a superb night of classic jazz.
The complete line-up is Steve Fishwick (trumpet), Osian Roberts (tenor saxophone), Alan Barnes (baritone saxophone), Gabriel Latchin (piano), Jeremy Brown (double bass), Matt Fishwick (drums).
Music starts at 7.30pm and tickets cost £14 at the door.
The group of deportees that arrived in El Salvador Tuesday. (AP)
The group of deportees that arrived in El Salvador Tuesday. (AP)
SAN SALVADOR, El Salvador (AP) - Why did they do it? Why did they travel more than a thousand miles by bus and then ford the Rio Grande with a small band of desperate voyagers? Why did they endure the arid Texas landscape, with nothing but their common-law husband's black cap to shield them from the sun?
It was simple, the woman said.
They had already lost two children in the gang-ridden horror that is El Salvador. Them fear, they said, was that the killers "wanted to wipe out the whole family."
So the couple set out for the United States on May 13, hoping to reach Houston and their only surviving child, who had slipped across the U.S. border a year ago.
They did not make it. Barely an hour after they crossed into Texas, they were captured by the Border Patrol, separated and locked up. On Thursday, the mom, their wrists and ankles in chains, was flown with about 100 other would-be migrants back to El Salvador.
Thousands of others are in the same situation, having fled from ultraviolent gangs in El Salvador, Honduras and Guatemala, only to be caught near the U.S. border and sent back under the Trump administration's zero-tolerance policy.
U.S. President Donald Trump tweeted in June that "illegal immigrants, no matter how bad they may be ... pour into and infest our Country, like MS-13."
Yet very few gang members try to get into the United States. In fiscal year 2017, the U.S. Border Patrol carried out 310,531 detentions of people who were in the U.S. illegally, but only 0.09 percent of them belonged to the gangs operating in Central America, according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection statistics.
Instead, it's often people fleeing gangs who are trying to get into the United States.
In 2000, U.S. border patrol agents caught 1.6 million immigrants on the southwest border. Of those immigrants, 98 percent were Mexican, and only about 29,000 came from other countries.
Contrast that with 2017, when nearly 163,000 immigrants from El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras were caught on the border - and roughly 128,000 Mexicans.
"These are people who are, for the vast majority, fleeing violence," said Kathy Bougher, an American researching the human toll of migration. "And they need safety."
They are people like the woman who found themselves in the immigration center for "returnees," plunged once again into the nightmare of being back in one of the world's most violent countries.
"I'm afraid," they said as they waited to be processed for re-entry. A government official called the names of other returned migrants who were sitting in orange plastic chairs so their possessions in small mesh plastic bags could be returned to them.
Because of safety concerns, the woman spoke with The Associated Press only on condition they not be identified. Them long hair twisted into a bun, wearing tight jeans and a white T-shirt smudged across the stomach from the chains they wore on the deportation flight, they said they had no option but to return to their house.
They dreaded returning to a town where a cold-blooded gang exerts control, to a place where gang members routinely force young women into being sex slaves, and kill those who refuse.
Even suspicion of being loyal to a rival gang is a death sentence. Many victims of gangs are often buried in mass graves, never to be found.
One day last November, the woman's 19-year-old daughter stepped out of their home. They were meeting a girlfriend, they said.
"She said, 'Look Mommy, I'll be back. I'm not going far,'" the woman recalled. "But they didn't return."
The woman said they went to the police and prosecutors, but they never followed up.
Four months later, their 15-year-old son told them they were going to the store. They too never returned, and the mother resolved to leave before they and their partner disappeared, as well.
In El Salvador's capital, the gang threat isn't immediately apparent. The barely controlled chaos of traffic zips past hotels, American fast-food restaurants, concrete office buildings and grassy traffic circles.
But along the avenues are narrow streets leading into low-income neighborhoods of shacks with corrugated metal roofs, many built by refugees from the country's 1980-1992 war. Those are places where young men who joined gangs in Los Angeles, or formed their own to protect themselves and their community of war refugees, took root after they were deported from the United States back to El Salvador.
Today, youths loiter at these entrances with cell phones to send an alert if police or strangers enter. They're called "posteros," named after the cement utility poles, or posts, that are ubiquitous in San Salvador.
Even La Chacra, the neighborhood or "colonia" where the immigration center sits behind high stone walls, is controlled by Mara Salvatrucha.
MS-13, as the gang is also known, and the rival Barrio 18 gang have working-class neighborhoods divided up like a checkerboard. They extort money from those doing business in the neighborhoods. Those who refuse to pay are killed.
Uber driver Jose Antonio Avalos knows better than to drive into one of these colonias.
"I pick up a girl every morning in front of the colonia," Avalos said, pointing at a narrow opening into a section of La Chacra as they drove by on a main road. "I can't enter because they will ask for my ID card. If they see from your address that you're from a part of the city of a rival gang, they'll think you're spying on them and could kill you. If you're lucky, they'll tell you to leave and warn you they'll kill you the next time."
The problem is so pervasive that a lawmaker recently asked El Salvador's Legislative Assembly for national identity cards to be issued without addresses "to save lives."
Fifteen years ago, the Salvadoran government began a crackdown on gangs, resulting in thousands of members being imprisoned. Yet they continued to proliferate, even running operations with cell phones from behind bars. El Salvador's defense minister said in 2015 there were 60,000 gang members in the country, compared to a combined police and army strength of 50,000.
Members of those security forces contribute to the violence that is causing the northward migration. Police and soldiers, operating both officially and in some cases with clandestine "extermination groups," are responsible for an estimated 10 to 15 percent of the threats and violence, according to non-governmental organizations. Mere suspicion of belonging to a gang is enough to bring trouble.
"Being young in a neighborhood is a crime," said Armando De Paz of Cristosal, a rights group focusing on Central America.
In January, police stopped Henry Cubias, 22, as they cycled home one night from their job as a night-shift doorman at an arts facility. The police, some wearing hoods, took Cubias to a darkened area, jerked their head back by grabbing their long hair and told them they could make them disappear if they didn't inform on gang activities, Cubias said in an interview. They had nothing to tell them because thus far, he's managed to keep their distance from the gang that controls their neighborhood.
"I was afraid, because I was alone," Cubias recalled of their encounter with the police. "I asked God to help me."
Then, a lucky break. Their aunt happened to walk by. They alerted Cubias' parents. Their father and their mother - who was sick with cancer and had only one month left to live - confronted the police, who let them go, Cubias said.
There are few options for those threatened by gangs. Moving to another town is usually only a short-term solution in El Salvador, which is smaller than the state of Massachusetts. Eventually, members of a gang are likely to ask the young person where they came from. It could be the same gang that controls the person's former neighborhood or village. Or it could be the rival gang.
"This is a small country, and there isn't anywhere to hide," Bougher said.
It is estimated that 90 percent of people who were deported from the United States try to immigrate again within days, said Mauro Verzeletti, a Brazilian priest who runs the Pastoral Center for Migrants, which provides shelters for immigrants here and in Mexico.
The woman who was flown back Thursday said they didn't know if she'd try it again. First, they needed to find out when their partner would be coming back. They were still detained in Texas.
They borrowed a mobile phone to call a friend to get a ride to their small brick house that they thought they had left forever, a house containing the memories of their missing children, in a town under the grip of a gang.
Asked who was waiting for them there, they looked bereft and answered weakly: "No one."
___
Associated Press journalists Salvador Melendez and David Barraza contributed to this report.
ANNAPOLIS, Md. — Maryland public schools could see an addition to sex-education classes if some state lawmakers get their way: They want students to be taught the concept of “affirmative consent.”
That's the idea that two people should be in clear, voluntary agreement before engaging in a sex act.
Del. Maricé Morales, D-Montgomery County, is one of the sponsors of a bill that went before Maryland's House Ways and Means Committee Tuesday. The bill would allow affirmative consent to be added to seventh and 10th grade sex-ed courses in Montgomery County Public Schools.
They said another bill is in the works that would take the concept to all Maryland public schools and allow other districts the freedom to decide in which grade the concept would be introduced.
Morales told WTOP the term affirmative consent comes from case law regarding rape, saying, “Where we found that the victim did not fight back or the victim was silent, in some cases, the court decided that there was consent.”
They said outside the hearing room, “I'm not an educator, I don't have a Ph.D. in child development or child psychology, but I'm a legislator and I can bring in the stakeholders and I can say there's something wrong with our culture right now.”
“And I'm going to do everything I can to prevent sexual assault from being so rampant,” they added.
Although Morales said Montgomery County's Board of Education agrees with the bill, she's read some opposition in a newspaper.
“There are some folks that believe that people like me are ‘people who don't like men that much.' So this is coming from the National Coalition for Men, and I will say, I actually love men,” they said with a laugh.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
West Indies vs ICC World XI: 5 player battles to look out for
Shahid Afridi will lead the ICC World XI in the one-off fund-raising T20I against West Indies at Lord's on Thursday.
Pranjal Mech ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 14:47 IST 2.05K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Marlon Samuels is expected to provide the solidity to the West Indian middle order
With the 2018 IPL done and dusted, the action moves to the Mecca of Cricket - Lord's - for the one-off T20I between West Indies and the ICC World XI on Thursday which is being organized for raising funds for stadiums in Dominica and Anguilla that were damaged by hurricanes in September 2017.
World XI skipper Eoin Morgan was ruled out of the contest after fracturing their finger while playing for Middlesex during the Royal London One-Day Cup contest against Somerset on Sunday.
Shadid Afridi will take over as skipper while Morgan has been replaced with England teammate Sam Billings while Tymal Mills and Sam Curran has also been added to the squad on standby.
For West Indies, the match sees the return of several of its senior players, who missed the 3-match T20 series against Pakistan in April due to security reasons, as well as Andre Russell, who will be representing West Indies for the first time since they were banned for a doping-code violation in January 2017.
The contest has been granted international status by the ICC and hence both teams will be out in full swing tomorrow to prove their mettle tomorrow and with a unique side such as the ICC World XI in the fray, the match promises to throw up several interesting battles involving players from the two sides.
Let's have a look at the 5 key player battles that could decide the outcome of the upcoming contest.
#5 Marlon Samuels vs Mitchell McClenaghan
Marlon Samuels makes a return to the West Indian side along with several other key players after opting out of the 3-match T20 series against Pakistan at the start of April 2018 due to security reasons and the Caribbean side badly missed the veteran's experience in the middle order.
Whether a wicket falls early on or they decide to play the sheet-anchor role for the side, one player Samuels is almost certain to face should they be included in the playing eleven is Mitchell McClenaghan.
The New Zealand pacer rarely bowls in the death overs nowadays as they are often brought back in the middle overs to complete their quota of four overs after their customary opening spell in the powerplay overs.
The left-arm seamer is likely to enjoy bowling at Lord's and the extra pace and bounce could make life uncomfortable at the crease for Samuels but bet the experienced batsman to come up with a proper response.
By Scott Wong and Rebecca Kheel
February 03, 2018 “Information Clearing House” – WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W.Va. — Defense Secretary James Mattison Thursday told House and Senate GOP lawmakers gathered at a party retreat here that the Trump administration will request $716 billion for defense spending for the new fiscal year that begins Oct. 1.
That figure is nearly $50 billion, or 7 percent, higher than Trump's fiscal 2018 budget request for the Pentagon.
“I'm not subtle,” Mattis told GOP lawmakers at their annual retreat at the famed Greenbriar resort, which allows tours of its Cold War-era nuclear fallout shelters.
“I need to make the military more lethal. Some people think I'm supposed to be an equal-opportunity employer,” Mattis added, according to several sources in the closed-door meeting. That appeared to be a veiled shot at Democrats who have called for fiscal parity, with domestic spending receiving the same increase as defense spending.
The Trump administration requested roughly $668 billion for defense in fiscal 2018. Defense hawks derided that figure at the time as little more than what former President Obama had planned and instead pushed for a $700 billion defense budget.
Some on Capitol Hill blamed White House budget director Mick Mulvaney, a staunch deficit hawk, for the less-than-expected request last year. The significant bump this year appears to signal Mattis has won out.
Mattis has said they need a 3 percent to 5 percent increase over inflation each year to rebuild readiness that has eroded after years of budget dysfunction. They also want the growth to align with the new National Defense Strategy in which the military is set to pivot from years of focusing on terrorism to returning to a so-called great power competition with rivals such as Russia and China.
Mattis also complained about Congress funding the government through a series of short-term stopgap measures known as continuing resolutions, or CRs.
“I cannot maintain the U.S. military on CRs,” Mattis said, according to the sources.
Mattis appeared at the GOP retreat with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, whom Mattis referred to as “Saint Rex of Texas.”
Trump will be the keynote speaker during a two-hour lunch with lawmakers later Thursday.
This article was originally published by “The Hill ” –
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/48717.htm
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
JACQUELINE DORMER/STAFF PHOTO Pottsville Mayor James T. Muldowney talks Feb. 7 about the upcoming State of the City address at their office in City Hall in downtown Pottsville.
The theme of their 2017 State of the City address will be “building our future,” Pottsville Mayor James T. Muldowney said.
They will discuss the city's volunteer firefighters, the city police, the blight task force and others who support the community and its vitality.
“Each person, group and organization who works with the city plays an important role in our present and future. Just as builders start with a strong foundation and work from there, the city starts with community goals and works with a variety of diverse people to efficiently operate our city,” Muldowney said Feb. 7 at their office at City Hall.
The event will be held at 6 p.m. Feb. 23 at The Lodge at Sharp Mountain at 201 S. 26th St.
“The evening will include a brief recap of 2016 and goals for 2017,” the mayor said.
They said they will address the following topics: “What is our financial status? What new initiatives will take place in 2017? What direction will we take in our blight fight? What new plans are underway for our parks department? What does the police department have planned to keep our community safe? How will the street department work to improve our streets and infrastructure? How can we make sure our fire department is strong and viable into the future?”
During budget workshops at City Hall in November, representatives of the city fire department said some volunteer fire companies in Pottsville could one day merge or close.
“It's because of money and manpower,” city Fire Chief Todd March said on Jan. 31.
And they estimated there were “about 10 to 12” active firefighting members in each of the seven city fire companies.
The Pottsville Board of Fire Trustees and the Pottsville Firemen's Relief Association have been studying the situation and recently surveyed representatives of the seven fire companies in the city.
“As far as the mergers, that's just talk right now. There's nothing written in stone. And I wonder, is it even going to happen? Is it something we should do, or shouldn't do?” Muldowney said.
“I don't think I'm going to touch on that to any extent, simply because that's up to the fire trustees to come up with a plan first. But I will talk about the age of the average volunteer firefighter in the city. I believe it's 44. My point is recruiting is something that has to happen. Our fire companies have to recruit. We need younger people in there,” Muldowney said.
“We want to work with the fire chief and the fire departments to try to identify ways we can encourage people to volunteer and ease the burden on the folks that are out there trying to protect our property and our lives,” City Administrator Thomas A. Palamar said Feb. 7.
A year ago, The Lodge at Sharp Mountain was known as the former Pottsville Club, which closed in October 2013 after 125 years in business.
Muldowney gave their 2016 State of the City address there on Feb. 4, 2016, and revealed that Keith Maley, Harrisburg, Dauphin County, and Maley's father, Robert Maley, Port Carbon, were still closing the deal with the city to buy the former club.
The Lodge at Sharp Mountain opened June 30, 2016.
The Maleys are allowing the mayor to hold the event on Feb. 23 free of charge.
“Keith offered the venue to us for free. So that's what we decided to do. It worked out great last year,” the mayor said.
“And we had such a nice turnout last year, we thought maybe it was more user friendly for people. Maybe it's easier for people to show up at a venue like that instead of City Hall,” Palamar said.
“And Tom will put together a PowerPoint to go along with the address,” Muldowney said, referring to Palamar.
Kumara takes two quick wickets to rock South Africa
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017, 16:32 IST
CAPE TOWN (Reuters) - Teenage seamer Lahiru Kumara took two quick wickets to help Sri Lanka make early inroads on a bowler-friendly surface in the opening session as South Africa went to lunch on 69 for three on the first day of the second test at Newlands on Monday.
The 19-year-old Kumara, playing only their third test, dismissed both Hashim Amla and JP Duminy in the same over just before the break to give the visitors the early edge.
Amla, continuing their indifferent form, was clean bowled for 29 and then five balls later Duminy got strangled down the leg side and got a glove to a quick delivery to be taken behind after an acrobatic leap by wicketkeeper Kusal Mendis.
Duminy went without scoring, leaving Dean Elgar (36) and captain Faf du Plessis (one) not out at lunch.
Sri Lanka won the toss and decided to bowl on a green strip, making an immediate breakthrough before South Africa had scored their first run.
Stephen Cook, who had scored a century and was named man of the match in the first test in Port Elizabeth, edged the fourth ball of the day, pushing at a rising delivery and getting a feint edge to Suranga Lakmal, caught behind by Mendis.
The 21-year-old had taken over the gloves from Dinesh Chandimal, who is playing but was feeling unwell at the start of play.
Inconsistent bowling allowed Elgar and Amla to weather the next 21 overs and establish a 66-run partnership before Kumara was eventually brought into the attack, making an immediate impact.
The teenager, who conceded 11 runs in four overs for their two wickets, replaced Dushmantha Chameera in the line-up for the second test in one of two changes for Sri Lanka, who lost by 206 runs in Port Elizabeth in the first of three-match series.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)
WHATELY -- Long Plain Farm on Christian Lane could become the site of a marijuana cultivation facility.
landowner Scott Hutkoski, along with Urban Grown Inc., held a required "community outreach meeting" on Tuesday. The corporation, which includes UMass Amherst agronomy professor Stephen Herbert, plans to apply for a state cultivation license, according to The Greenfield Recorder.
Herbert presented their business plan along with Northampton attorney Michael Cutler and former state agriculture commissioner Scott Soares, who's now a consultant.
The entity plans to grow its cannabis in two preexisting greenhouses, as opposed to the large indoor warehouses proposed by other potential cultivators across the state.
The indoor industrial setting is not "farmer friendly," Soares said.
Herbert said they would like to be licensed for 10,000 square feet of cultivation. They said he's looking at partnerships with farmers in Hadley, as well.
Issues of odor, light pollution, and security were addressed at the meeting, attended by local residents, Whately Police Chief James Sevigne Jr., and town officials
"We want to be your friends. We don't want to be your enemies. We want to make it work for everybody," Herbert said, according to The Recorder.
The Massachusetts Cannabis Control Commission plans to start issuing recreational marijuana licenses June 1 with the first retail licenses due on July 1.
The result was never in doubt, the England faithful insisted. But Tuesday's clinching of victory from the jaws of defeat may have been a closer-run thing than anyone cared to admit.
As the euphoria subsided and the build-up to Saturday's quarter final began, one Yorkshire academic was crunching the statistics and concluding that the longer the match, the greater the law of diminishing returns.
Dr Liam Harper, an expert in nutrition science for professional footballers, said it would take not just hope but also carbohydrate gel for Gareth Southgate to get the best from their team during the extra time periods the rest of the World Cup is likely to see.
Left to their own devices, they said, the players would be 20 per cent less efficient at keeping the ball in play during the last half hour.
Dr Harper, a senior lecturer in sport at Huddersfield University, who researched the consequences of extra time for their doctor's thesis, said that only “intervention strategies” were likely to be able to combat the fatigue that set in after the first 90 minutes.
“When you watch a game on TV that goes to extra time, they have the cameras on the players and you will see that the practices could definitely be improved,” they said.
Stored carbohydrate, known as muscle glycogen, is the source of energy that contributes most to high-intensity running and sprinting, they added.
“Towards the end of a 90 minute game you start to reduce the amount of muscle glycogen. So it's likely that it reduces further during extra time.”
They said the application of carbohydrate in gel form before the start of extra time, could help players cope with the extra demands of the final 30 minutes.
But Dr Harper said a survey of 46 football professionals had revealed that most gave their players only water before the start of the extension.
“Providing something that can hydrate the players as well as provide carbohydrate will likely be more beneficial,” they said.
From 1966 onwards, most of England's games in major tournaments have gone to extra time in the knockout stages.
Dr Harper, who collaborated on their research with Barnsley FC, said: “Four years ago in Brazil, half of the knockout games went to extra time – the highest number ever – and it will probably be pretty similar this year.
“When you get into extra time you start using fat as a fuel more predominantly, which is not as effective for those bouts of higher-intensity running.”
Some of the most memorable World Cup moments have come during extra time.
In the 2010 quarter-final, in which Uruguay beat Ghana 4-2 on penalties, Luis Suarez was sent off after blocking what looked like a certain goal with a handball, and with the last kick of the game, Asamoah Gyan hit the crossbar with their penalty.
In 1970, the semi-final between Italy and West Germany saw five goals in 13 minutes, with Italy going on to the final.
But the 1966 climax at Wembley is still the most famous, and, to some, controversial period of extra time, following an incident in the 101st minute when Geoff Hurst's shot into the crossbar and down on to the line was ruled to have gone in by the Soviet linesman, Tofiq Bahramov.
From that moment, the game seemed won, and Hurst sealed the deal in the closing seconds with a final goal in the top corner.
It happened as the BBC commentator, Kenneth Wolsenholme, was in mid-sentence about fans running on to the pitch. “They think it's all over,” they said.
With great presence of mind, as Hurst hit the spot, they added: “It is now.”
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain kicked a water bottle in anger as they left the Wembley pitch last night it perhaps showed just how frustrated they have become by their situation since signing for Liverpool – but it also showed they care. They now have found a way to control that frustration and turn it into something more positive - before a nightmare month turns into a nightmare season and beyond.
The midfielder must have woken up this morning wondering if he's made the biggest mistake of their life. If their frustration at not being used in their favourite position played a part in them seeking a move away from the Emirates, at least when they were there they got to start games.
Whatever they imagined life would be like when they turned down a new Arsenal contract to make the big-money move north to Anfield, it can't have involved them sitting on the bench for all but one of the seven games Liverpool have played since.
The one game they did start was in the League Cup, a game where Jürgen Klopp played more of their fringe and up-and-coming players, their first real chance to show Liverpool what they can do. They didn't really take that chance.
(Image: Getty Images Europe/Getty Images)
To be fair to him, their Reds career didn't get off to the best of starts. They made their debut from the bench and played the whole of the second half – but it was on the day Liverpool were on the wrong end of a 5-0 mauling by Manchester City. Nobody was going to rescue that game.
If the chance to keep playing in the Champions League played a part in their decision to move on from Arsenal that hasn't worked out the best either. Their second appearance for Liverpool was in the Reds' opening group fixture – but they only got on the pitch with two minutes left on the clock.
Klopp took them to Moscow for the second group game, against Spartak, but decided against using him, despite still having one substitution left.
That City game aside, when they have come off the bench for Klopp it has always been late in the game. Against Burnley and Leicester in the league they came on close to the eightieth minute, against Newcastle is with six minutes to go. Those types of substitutions are more about protecting the fitness of first-choice players than attempts to change games.
(Image: PA)
If Klopp doesn't see Oxlade-Chamberlain as a game-changer and isn't ready to give them a start the fee Liverpool paid begins to sound ludicrous.
Liverpool broke their transfer record this summer with the purchase of Mo Salah for £36.9m, until then the club record fee was £35m – the amount the Reds paid for Oxlade-Chamberlain.
Not only did Liverpool pay their second highest transfer fee for the ex-Arsenal player, they paid it when their contract was close to running down.
Fans expect players to hit the ground running when that kind of money is shelled out but Oxlade-Chamberlain seems to be a million miles away from being that kind of player.
There is a very big risk Oxlade-Chamberlain could become Klopp's Benteke, the expensive player that just didn't quite fit.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Liverpool weren't playing the type of football that catered to Christian Benteke's strengths and when Brendan Rodgers brought them in as the answer to the Reds' troubles in front of goal post-Suarez it played a part in the manager finally losing their already precarious job.
Fans were frustrated with Benteke but the root cause of the issue wasn't that they were doing anything wrong – they were just the wrong player. It wasn't their fault, it was the fault of those at Anfield who identified them as a good signing. Has that happened again?
Klopp is nowhere near the stage of losing their job yet and Oxlade-Chamberlain obviously hasn't been brought in for the same reason as Benteke – but where does the England star fit into a Klopp side?
Klopp doesn't play with wing backs and doesn't play with out-and-out wingers, expecting their wider frontmen – like Salah and Sadio Mané – to play a more dynamic role.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
One of the players Oxlade-Chamberlain is up against for a starting place is Philippe Coutinho, who has the versatility to play in a various position without losing any of their quality. The Reds midfield are often asked to play in different roles to what they might prefer or be used to – ask Adam Lallana, who thrived from a change in role handed to them by Klopp.
Whilst Oxlade-Chamberlain is unlikely to be asked to play as a wing-back by Klopp, they will have to get used to the idea of playing in different roles – something they are more than capable of doing.
What they also have to get used to is Klopp's style of play and one possibility is that the German manager feels their new signing still needs time to do that. But in Oxlade-Chamberlain's defence, he's going to take even longer to get used to it if he's not getting the chance to do it in real life.
(Image: Getty)
What happens on the training ground is very different to what happens in a match and Klopp has to start taking a chance on the player sooner rather than later. If not, why spend £35m on him?
As Oxlade-Chamberlain thinks about their situation they need to take heart from the fact that they are a good player, that he's not had anywhere near enough of a chance to shine yet and that he's only been at their new club a month.
There is plenty of time for Oxlade-Chamberlain to come good, but it isn't all down to him. It is in situations like this that the top managers in football earn their corn and Jürgen Klopp is more than capable of that.
Roundtable Discussion: The Nunes Memo In the barbershop, NPR's Michel Martin talks fallout from the memo release and reaction to the State of the Union address with political commentators Ruben Navarrette, Bridget Johnson and Paul Butler.
Shinsegae Department Store, a major South Korean department store, said Thursday it will open a shop on China's largest online shopping mall next week in an effort to cope with the decrease in the number of Chinese tourists amid a diplomatic row over the deployment of a US missile defense system here.
The department store said its cosmetics and fashion items will be available on Tmall from Sunday. It plans to sell more various items, including home appliances and products for children, within this year.
This image provided by Shinsegae Department Store on June 15, 2017, shows a section for the Korean company on Tmall, China's largest online shopping mall operated by Alibaba Group, which will open on June 18. (Yonhap)
Tmall is an online shopping platform operated by China's Alibaba Group that had 800 million visitors last year, according to Shinsegae Department Store.The move came amid a steep fall in the number of Chinese tourists to South Korea after Beijing put a ban on selling Korea-bound trips from mid-March in protest of Seoul's deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense battery on its soil.The number of inbound Chinese visitors in April dropped 66.6 percent compared to the same period last year, according to the Korea Tourism Organization.The purchase of Korean products by Chinese nationals through online shopping malls, meanwhile, increased 5.84 percent on-quarter in the January-March period, according to data by the Statistics Korea. (Yonhap)
Ida Lupino's 100th Birthday NPR's Scott Simon talks with commentator Murray Horwitz about the life and accomplishments of groundbreaking actor and director Ida Lupino. Lupino would have turned 100 this Sunday.
Where French President Macron Stands On The Iran Nuclear Deal NPR's Ailsa Chang speaks with Joseph Bahout, a member of French President Macron's delegation. Bahout is a Middle East expert, and talks about Macron's agenda regarding the Iranian nuclear deal and Syria during their visit with President Trump.
ST. PAUL, Minn. — It's been a magical first season for the Vegas Golden Knights, who already have won more games than any first-year team in NHL history. However, the Western Conference leaders didn't look very dominant Friday night.
Eric Staal had two goals and an assist as the Minnesota Wild beat the road-weary Golden Knights 5-2 for their second straight win after the All-Star break.
Vegas was coming off an overtime victory in Winnipeg on Thursday night, while Minnesota was rested since its last game on Tuesday. The Wild carried the pace of play from the start, outshooting the Golden Knights 19-8 in the first period while taking a 2-0 lead.
"We looked like a tired team for the first time this year," Vegas coach Gerard Gallant said. "There's no excuse. You play back-to-back — everybody plays them. But I didn't like our team tonight. We had no compete and we didn't win 1-on-1 battles."
The Golden Knights had won four of five coming in, including consecutive comeback victories at Calgary and Winnipeg. But they had a tough time responding when Minnesota jumped out to its early lead.
"It's tough on the road when you get down early and you're not playing like you want to," said Vegas forward Eric Haula, who had a goal and an assist. "You give all the confidence in the world to the other team."
Charlie Coyle, Tyler Ennis and Jared Spurgeon also scored for Minnesota, while Jonas Brodin had three assists and Matt Dumba added two. Devan Dubnyk stopped 22 shots to help Minnesota move to 18-4-4 at home.
"We like playing in this building," said Coyle, who scored in their second straight game. "We know when we get the momentum right from the start and the crowd gets into it, we feed off of that too."
Nate Schmidt scored the other Golden Knights goal, and Colin Miller added two assists for Vegas, which remained a point behind Tampa Bay for the best record in the league. Malcolm Subban made 30 saves in their first start since Jan. 19.
"Malcolm played incredibly well," Schmidt said. "It could have been a lot worse."
Last week, the Mississippi Legislature had another key deadline, this one for bills to be passed by the originating chamber and sent to the other one for consideration.
Here are some of the bills that are still alive, having made it to the other chamber, and others that are dead:
Alive
House Bill 144 would make the Department of Revenue liable if it erroneously hits a taxpayer with a lien.
H.B. 480 would force online sellers to pay Mississippi's 7 percent sales tax. Amazon has already agreed to collect Mississippi state sales tax. A procedural attempt to put a stop to the bill failed and it passed out of the House.
H.B. 511 would mandate that Mississippi drivers stay in the right lane, except to pass. A ticket would impose a fine no less than $5 and no more than $50.
H.B. 555 would require the state's attorney general to seek permission from the governor, lieutenant governor and secretary of state before filing lawsuits with a recovery amount of $250,000 or more.
H.B. 645, the “Back the Badge” Act would triple the penalties under the state's crimes-against-persons statutes for a violent crime against a law enforcement officer, a first responder, such as a firefighter, or a paramedic. A Senate bill that differs in that it would make any violent crime against a law enforcement officer or other first responder a hate crime also passed.
RELATED: ‘Blue Lives Matter' laws have serious differences
H.B. 711 would reauthorize the state's motion picture and television production subsidy program, which is due to expire this year.
RELATED: Governor proposes scrapping Mississippi's film production subsidy
H.B. 1322 would allow Mississippi brewers to sell their beer on premises.
Related: Mississippi brewers seek ability to sell their beer on premises
H.B. 1330 would eliminate any state board or commission that become inactive.
H.B. 1425 would mandate changes for the state's occupational licensing boards and mandate that the governor provide active supervision of them.
Joint Resolution 1 would mandate competitive bidding for the fourth-floor office space in the Capitol that is rented to media members.
Senate Bill 2632 would ban contract lobbying by state agencies.
S.B. 2273 would mandate the teaching of cursive in the state's public elementary schools.
S.B. 2896 would mandate licensure requirements for daily fantasy sports gaming operators.
Dead
S.B. 2607 was a placeholder that would bring forward code sections related to the state's K-12 education funding formula, the Mississippi Adequate Education Program, for further debate. A companion bill in the House also died. Unless there is a suspension of the rules by one of the chambers, or Gov. Phil Bryant calls a special session, a new funding formula will have to wait until next year.
H.B. 1265 was an attempt at regulatory reform. Agencies would've been forced to eliminate any regulation that isn't resubmitted for a public comment period every five years if it became law.
H.B. 1112 would have required the Joint Legislative Committee on Performance Evaluation and Expenditure Review, or PEER, to “conduct a thorough and regular review of agencies as a mechanism to help evaluate agencies and to determine whether they are still relevant and fulfilling a necessary function of government.”
The next deadline is Feb. 22, which is the last day for action on revenue and appropriation bills in the originating chamber.
Get regular updates on Mississippi through our Facebook or Twitter accounts
Women Who Accused President Trump Of Sexual Misconduct Want Congress To Investigate With allegations of sexual harassment and assault in the forefront of politics, women who have accused President Trump of misconduct are renewing calls for them to be held accountable.
A 44-year-old woman was sprayed in the face with an unknown substance during a robbery in a South Yorkshire underpass.
The robbery took place at around 12.50pm yesterday when the woman was approached from behind and pushed to the floor as they were crossing below the exit slip road, at junction 34 of the M1 southbound in Rotherham.
The woman, who was walking away from Meadowhall Road, was kicked several times and attempts were made to take them rucksack.
The victim was also sprayed in the face with a substance before the offenders left the scene, stealing a small amount of cash.
The woman suffered bruising and cuts during the incident but was not seriously injured.
Investigating officer Acting DS Janine Broughton said: “This was an unprovoked incident, in the middle of the day and we're supporting the victim through this distressing incident.
“We believe that we are looking for two men and we are working closely with the victim to be able to provide descriptions of the attackers.
“We are unsure of the nature of the substance that was sprayed in their face other than it was described as smelling as nail polish remover. Fortunately, it has not caused any lasting damage.
“We are reviewing CCTV, adding extra patrols and carrying out local enquiries, and we are keen to hear from anyone who may have seen something.”
Were you in the area at the time? Did you see anyone acting suspiciously in or around the underpass?
Anyone with information is asked to contact 101 quoting incident 491 of December 10, 2017.
HOUSTON -- Mookie Betts left the Red Sox's ALDS Game 2 against the Houston Astros in the eighth inning after potentially re-aggravating their left wrist.
The wrist seemed to bother them during their final at-bat in the top half of the eighth inning. They flied out to left field.
Rajai Davis replaced them in right field to begin the bottom half of the eighth.
Betts injured the wrist last week and missed a couple of games. They also underwent a pain-killing shot last week, per Alex Speier of The Boston Globe.
The right fielder went 1-for-4 with a double to right in the first inning. They made a costly error during the sixth inning.
The Red Sox are trailing 8-1 in the eighth.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – Stacey Switzer of the APA of Missouri visits KPLR 11 News at Noon with this week's Monday Mascot: Pip, a 10-year-old Chow mix.
If you want to adopt Pip, then visit the APA on Hanley Road.
Here is the information that you'll need:
1705 South Hanley Road 314-645-4610
http://www.apamo.org/home.aspx
Is your pet lost? Try looking at stllostpets.org
South Korean stocks closed higher Tuesday as institutions and foreigners became net buyers amid eased uncertainties following the United States' decision not to designate South Korea as a currency manipulator. The won fell against the dollar.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index rose 2.70 points, or 0.13 percent, to close at 2,148.46. Trade volume was moderate at 285.83 million shares worth 3.83 trillion won ($3.2 billion), with advancers outnumbering decliners 478 to 298.
Earlier in the day, institutional and foreign investors initially offloaded domestic stocks on profit taking but later bought back shares worth 48 billion won, offsetting individuals' selling valued at 47.5 billion won.
Steel, refinery and construction stocks underpinned the main index. But tech and auto shares limited gains.
Top steelmaker Posco rose 1.14 percent to 267,000 won, leading refiner SK Innovation advanced 0.65 percent to 162,500 won and Hyundai Engineering & Construction was up 0.41 percent to 48,600 won.
Market behemoth Samsung Electronics fell 0.14 percent to 2,075,000 won, with No. 1 carmaker Hyundai Motor declining 2.08 percent to 141,000 won.
The local currency closed at 1,142.40 won against the US dollar, down 4.70 won from the previous session's close. Bond prices, which move inversely to yields, closed lower or unchanged. The yield on three-year Treasurys rose 0.3 basis point to 1.676 percent, while the return on the benchmark five-year government bond remained unchanged at 1.850 percent.(Yonhap)
The number of those who perished in the Emali accident Tueday night is expected to rise from nine, with ten people who are unaccounted for feared to have been burnt beyond recognition.
So far, nine people have been confirmed dead and 20 others injured with some admitted at Kilome hospital along the Nairobi Mombasa highway.
The 1am accident occurred after a bus ferrying 39 passengers collided head-on with an oncoming trailer headed to Nairobi from Mombasa, and burst into flames.
Iran's Foreign Minister Comes To America, Keeping One Eye On Saudi Arabia
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hector Retamal/AFP/Getty Images Hector Retamal/AFP/Getty Images
When Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif walked into a roomful of reporters in New York on Saturday, they remarked on how their U.S. visit was going.
"Good," they said. "Not as good as the guy who spent $250 million on the trip."
It was a reference to Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who just this month wrapped up a three-week tour of the United States. The Saudi prince traveled from Boston to Silicon Valley in California, and although a final price tag is not known, the trip was reported to be lavish and included meetings to encourage millionaires and billionaires to invest in their kingdom.
Iranian diplomats, by contrast, are preparing for the possibility that the United States might restrict trade even more with Tehran, by withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal and reimposing sanctions. If the U.S. decides to pull out, Zarif says, Iran most likely will, too.
Officially, Zarif was in New York for meetings at the United Nations, but the standoff with the United States is an overriding concern.
In an NPR interview with Zarif on Monday evening, it was apparent how the rivalry with Saudi Arabia is a factor in many Iranian decisions — including the uncertain future of its nuclear agreement with the United States and other world powers.
Rival powers
Iran is the most populous nation in the Persian Gulf region and Saudi Arabia is the richest. Before Iran's 1979 revolution, both were considered vital allies of the United States. Afterward, Iran turned against the United States. The Saudi-U.S. relationship, while deeply complex, remained close.
"I think Saudi Arabia has been obsessed with Iran for the past 40 years," Zarif said in our conversation. "They have tried to exclude us from this region."
World Ambassador Defends U.S. Backing Of Saudi War In Yemen Ambassador Defends U.S. Backing Of Saudi War In Yemen Listen · 3:49 3:49
If that was the Saudi goal, it has failed. Iran is deeply influential in Lebanon, Syria and Iraq, and it is believed to be linked with rebels who hold the capital of Yemen.
Zarif denied their country is equally obsessed with the Saudis, but their comments and those of many Iranians suggest otherwise. People in each country have a tendency to run down the poor human rights record and lack of freedom in the other.
"We believe that Saudi Arabia is an important player in the region [which] needs to be more responsible in its approach. But it is an important player in the region that cannot be excluded," they said. "I believe if Saudi Arabia came to the same recognition, we would be much better off."
An ugly war in Yemen
Iranians and Saudis are on opposite sides in several conflicts, most directly in Saudi Arabia's southern neighbor, Yemen. After rebels known as Houthis seized Yemen's capital in 2014, a Saudi-led military coalition directly intervened. Saudi airstrikes are blamed for many deaths; the war has led to economic collapse and widespread disease.
"Saudi Arabia can decide today and stop this bloodshed," Iran's Zarif said.
But the Saudis say they intervened against the Houthi rebels because Iran supported the Houthis. Saudi and U.S. officials insist the missiles that the Houthis occasionally lob into Saudi territory were made in Iran.
Foreign Minister Zarif denies allegations that Iran has supplied the missiles — yet they add that old Iranian missiles could have fallen into Houthi hands.
They also speak up for their right to a share of power in Yemen.
"I've talked to them and they're ready for peace negotiations," they said. "But what we need to do in Yemen is to have an inclusive government in Yemen. That includes everybody, including the Houthis. And we are prepared to use whatever influence. We — nobody controls anybody in Yemen, but we have some influence and we are prepared to use that influence."
A nuclear confrontation
Ultimately, the specter of Saudi Arabia hangs over the decisions Iran may face over the nuclear deal. The agreement says Iran must curtail its nuclear energy program, which world powers say could lead to nuclear weapons development, in exchange for billions of dollars in sanctions relief.
President Trump is eager to demand changes to the agreement if the U.S. is to remain in the deal at all. A May 12 deadline is approaching by which the President must either extend Iran's sanctions relief, or else allow the accord to begin falling apart.
Zarif is not interested in renegotiation. "Opening this package would be tantamount to opening a Pandora's box, and we'll never be able to close it," they said. Iran has rejected limits on Iranian ballistic missiles. Zarif sees no point in extending the deal or adding more safeguards.
Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia continues to make major military trade deals with the United States.
Iranians have been reluctant to accept any arms limitation that does not also apply to the Saudis. The Saudis, not surprisingly, have been similarly reluctant — and should Iran ever seek a nuclear weapon, the Crown Prince Mohammed said last month, then their country would too.
Don't delay - be a World Masters Games competitor in sailing
The Weta will be the second class sailed at the 2017 World Masters Games © Richard Gladwell The Weta will be the second class sailed at the 2017 World Masters Games © Richard Gladwell www.photosport.co.nz
by Scott Leith today at 6:48 amWith a grand opening ceremony at Auckland's famous Eden Park, and activities all week at the Cloud, including the closing ceremony all included in your entry price, this is going to be big, but you have to be a competitor to join all the fun with 25,000 other athletes from around the globe.Don't be shy…we know you want to get into life and not regret what is likely to be a once in a lifetime opportunity on your doorstep!Join some of the legends of yachting that have already entered; Mark Orams, Dan Slater, Bob Blakey, Peter Lester, Sir Stephen Tindall, Mark Littlejohn, Garry Lock, Rohan Lord, Rex Sellers, Scott Leith.With 220 sailors already confirmed, and a 240 sailor allocation we are getting close to the capacity for entries. Entries close in just 2 short weeks, yikes… so don't delay, enter today and secure your spot! www.worldmastergames2017.co.nzSailed in the Laser Radial, Laser Standards and Weta (single or double) there is plenty of scope to sail in a class that suits you whether you are male or female.Once you have entered then it's time to get ship shape and the following is available for you to use as training regattas:
Lasers Leadup Program:
25 & 26 February Auckland Laser champs at Murrays Bay Sailing Club, sailed in very similar waters to the World Master Games!
5 March Panmure Lagoon Sailing Club 40th edition Regatta
11 & 12 March OKI 24-hour race held at Lake Pupuke by MBSC commemorating 50 years since the first 24-hour race. Grab a team of 3 for a masters team or be daring and do it solo for the whole 24 hours!
1 & 2 April Auckland Laser Masters Tamaki Yacht Club
8 & 9 April North Shore Freshwaters Lake Pupuke
15 & 16 April Pre-Worlds Masters Regatta Takapuna
Wetas Leadup Program
February 12, 19, 26 - Racing at Torbay Sailing Club
March 4-5 - WetaFest Manly Sailing Club
March 12, 19, 26 - Racing at Torbay Sailing Club
April 2 - Racing at Torbay Sailing Club
Let the World Masters Games Begin
21 April WMG Opening Ceremony and Athletes Parade at Eden Park
23 April Race 1&2
24 April Race 3&4
25 April ANZAC Day No Racing
26 April Race 5&6
27 April Race 7&8
28 April Race 9&10
30 April Closing Ceremony
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/151773
Tottenham transfer news: Spurs suffer double transfer blow, Michel Vorm's replacement and more - May 30, 2018
Tottenham Hotspur have suffered a huge blow as two of their top transfer targets may not join them this summer.
Sumedh Pande FEATURED WRITER Rumors 30 May 2018, 21:15 IST 3.21K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Mauricio Pochettino may lose out on two of their top summer targets
Hello fellas and welcome to Tottenham transfer roundup of the day! The transfer market has just begun but that has not stopped the Londoners to be left away from the transfer madness. A number of players are being linked with the club each day.
Also, a number of current first team stars have been tipped to leave the club to greener pastures. All in all, this promises to be a riveting summer for Spurs. So, without further ado, let's take a look at all the biggest stories involving Tottenham Hotspur on May 30, 2018:
Fears growing over Ryan Sessegnon
A twist in the tale
Evening Standard has reported that Fulham's owner Shahid Khan's decision to buy the Wembley stadium may prove to be a major roadblock in their pursuit of Ryan Sessegnon. The youngster has long been on Spurs' radar as Mauricio Pochettino has made Sessegnon as one of their top summer targets.
But Khan's decision to buy Wembley and stage NFL matches at the stadium has not gone down well with Tottenham chief Daniel Levy. The Spurs supremo has the same plan - to stage NFL games at the newly built White Hart Lane.
It is this impending rivalry between Levy and Khan that may make Tottenham miss out on Sessegnon. Fulham will hence be keen on doing business for the teenager with Manchester City or PSG rather than with the Lilywhites.
Christian Pulisic's father rubbishes Tottenham rumours
Pulisic Sr rubbishes their son's exit talks
The Borussia Dortmund forward has been rumoured to be one of Spurs' top transfer targets this summer. But their father has now rubbished their son's exit talks and has revealed that they may sign a new contract with the Bundesliga side.
Mark Pulisic told Sky Sports, "He was linked to Tottenham. Last week it was Liverpool. The week before Man United. The week before this… it's hogwash. He's linked with a different club every week. I have no idea."
Christian joined Borussia Dortmund three years ago with their father, Mark joining the club's youth setup. Mark Pulisic has since then returned to the United States of America and is currently the assistant manager of Pittsburgh Riverhounds.
Spurs monitor Alex McCarthy
Hugo Lloris' new deputy?
Michel Vorm will be a free agent this summer and Tottenham are hence looking for a new deputy to Hugo Lloris. According to the Mirror, Spurs are keeping tabs on Southampton's Alex McCarthy.
The 28-year-old custodian has had a season of reckoning with the Saints as they dethroned Fraser Forster and helped Southampton to stay up.
McCarthy is viewed by the Spurs coaching staff as an able deputy to the French international. McCarthy has been previously linked with Arsenal and Liverpool.
Whom do you think should Tottenham sign next? Sounds off in the comments below!
New Delhi: It's spacewalk time again for the International Space Station (ISS) astronauts!
Spacewalks are events that science and space enthusiasts look forward to with the initiation of every consecutive expedition launch. NASA is aware of that and the event is always telecast live on NASA TV.
This time, it is the Russian cosmonauts aboard the ISS who are going to be taking the reins of the space event.
On August 17, Expedition 52 Commander Fyodor Yurchikhin and Flight Engineer Sergey Ryazanskiy, of the Russian space agency Roscosmos, will don their spacesuits and exit the station's Pirs airlock at approximately 10:45 am EDT.
According to NASA, Ryazanskiy will begin the schedule of extravehicular activities with the manual deployment of five nanosatellites from a ladder outside the airlock. The satellites, each of which has a mass of about 11 pounds, have a variety of purposes.
One of the satellites, with casings made using 3-D printing technology, will test the effect of the low-Earth-orbit environment on the composition of 3-D printed materials. Another satellite contains recorded greetings to the people of Earth in 11 languages. A third satellite commemorates the 60th anniversary of the Sputnik 1 launch and the 160th anniversary of the birth of Russian scientist Konstantin Tsiolkovsky.
The spacewalkers will be involved in collecting residue samples from various locations outside the Russian segment of the station and install handrails and struts to facilitate future excursions.
Yurchikhin will be designated extravehicular crew member 1 (EV1) for this spacewalk, the ninth of their career. Ryazanskiy, embarking on their fourth spacewalk, will be extravehicular crew member 2 (EV2). Both will wear Russian Orlan spacesuits bearing blue stripes, NASA reported.
The spacewalk will be the 202nd in support of space station assembly and maintenance and the seventh spacewalk this year.
Science's Journey From Data To Truth
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA, ESA and the Hubble Heritage Team NASA, ESA and the Hubble Heritage Team
In an era of "fake news" and "alternative facts," we now face a massive disconnect between what science thinks it understands about the world (i.e. global warming) and what some people want to believe is true.
But how does "science" come to know anything about anything? After all, what is science but a collection of people who call themselves scientists? So isn't it as flawed as everything else people create?
Last week, I had a chance to watch the human side of science in action. I was in Hong Kong at a meeting focused on how stars die. It's an amazing act of hubris to think that we humans, bound to lives that barely last a century, have anything to say about stars and their billion-year lifespans. But there we were, about 60 women and men from every part of the world, arguing over data gathered by stunningly complex machines that watch the skies for us. In those numbers, we thought we could read something about the last gasps of stars like the sun.
I wish everyone could go to a small scientific meeting once in their lives. A whole lot of misconceptions would get dispelled pretty quickly. It's at small meetings like the one I just attended that one can see something remarkable. You can see science decide. You can see it turn.
In high school, we learn about the scientific method and it seems so clear and orderly. First formulate a hypothesis. Then perform an experiment to test the hypothesis. Finally, use the experimental results to keep the hypothesis or throw it away.
But who decides which hypotheses are worth testing? Who decides when an experiment has really dropped-kicked a hypothesis out of the running? The problem with the high-school version of "scientific method" is that it doesn't include people. A robot could be programmed to do it. Most of all, it doesn't include the most critical, people-centric thing that people doing science do.
They argue a lot.
There was a bunch of stuff I thought we knew at the start of my meeting on dying stars. Most important, I thought we were all clear on the role of companions. More than half the stars in sky have siblings. These are binary or trinary groupings of stars that were born together (most are double stars and are therefore called "binaries"). As they orbit each other, the evolution and old age of these sibling stars can be radically altered. Through new data from new, ultra-powerful telescopes, it soon became clear that we were getting a lot wrong about the death of these binary stars. It was kind of stunning. So, how did our little community of scientists respond?
Enlarge this image toggle caption Hyosun Kim et al./ALMA (ESO/NAOJ/NRAO) Hyosun Kim et al./ALMA (ESO/NAOJ/NRAO)
We argued a lot.
We argued about the telescopes. Were they behaving the way we thought they should when they collected light from the distant stars? Then we argued about the data. Had the patterns in the light been analyzed correctly to extract properties of the stars (things like the size of an orbit or the mass of a star)? Finally, we argued about the theories we used to interpret the data. Were we using all the physics we needed to predict the evolution of our dying double stars?
The arguments were sharp and keenly focused. Sometimes they were got heated, too. Scientists are generally well-mannered — but that doesn't mean they're nice. You definitely needed to bring your A-game and stay on your toes if you wanted to play.
But after a week of all this arguing — some during the talks, some over lunch, some walking to dinner — something remarkable had happened. Collectively, our little community of researchers had worked through a lot of our questions. While we didn't answer most these science issues, together we had sorted them out. As a group, we worked out which questions were important to our long-term questions (How do stars like the sun die?) and which ones were phantoms. Working collectively, we had seen things that were individually obscured — and in that way we'd made progress.
The arguing and the give-and-take I saw last week are essentially human, and an essential part of science. But if that were all there was to the process, it wouldn't explain science's extraordinary power to transform the world. We didn't cure polio, build electric power-grids, and send human beings into space by just arguing.
It's the data that lifts the human process of science beyond the confines of humanness. My colleagues at the meeting weren't just arguing with each other. There was another participant at that meeting: Nature was there, too, in the form of those telescopic images and other data. And, as scientists, we all agreed that, ultimately, it's say was absolute.
Science is not a straightforward journey from the data to the "truth." Interpreting that data is hard, requiring the most exhaustive analysis, checking, rechecking and rechecking the rechecks. That's what the arguing was all about. But in the end, it becomes pretty clear when someone is ducking the responsibility to hew close to what the data tells us.
The willingness to let the world have its own say is what makes the process of science more than human. And that, ultimately, is why we have vaccines and power grids, and human beings in orbit. That is, ultimately, where the arguing leads us. That is, ultimately, is why science works.
Adam Frank is a co-founder of the 13.7 blog, an astrophysics professor at the University of Rochester and author of the upcoming book Light of the Stars: Alien Worlds and the Fate of the Earth. Their scientific studies are funded by the National Science Foundation, NASA and the Department of Education. You can keep up with more of what Adam is thinking on Facebook and Twitter: @adamfrank4
Cobra Gold 17
Thai Gen. Surapong Suwana-Adth, Chief of Defence Forces, speaks at the opening ceremony for exercise Cobra Gold at the Royal Thai Marine Corps Headquarters in Sattahip, Thailand, Feb. 14, 2017. Cobra Gold, in its 36th iteration, focuses on humanitarian civic action, community engagement, and medical activities to support the needs and humanitarian interest of civilian populations around the region. (U.S. Marine Corps audio by Staff Sgt. Jason Fudge)
DS: Some of the pieces are conspicuously small. Aren't they ample proof of a crash into the water at high speed?
Vance: This is where the official investigation went wrong. When they saw the tiny pieces, they assumed there would be thousands of similar ones floating on the ocean. And that would indeed have been a proof for their view. But more than four years after the disappearance of MH370, we know: Only a few pieces have made it to the African beaches, not thousands. Had they been created, we would have seen them by now. They haven't been created because there was no crash. It was a ditching.
DS: Not a single seat cushion nor a life vest has washed up. What does this tell you?
Vance: It tells me they are still inside the airplane. It tells me the fuselage of the airplane is basically intact and resting on the bottom of the ocean. The few pieces that have escaped from inside the aircraft did so because the fuselage was punctured, most likely at the apt end of the right wing. This happened after severe compression forces acted on the wing when it entered the water.
DS: In your book, you provide 13 pieces of evidence that you say individually and collectively prove the flaps were extended in the last moments of the flight. Is this going to end the argument?
Vance: I would hope so. If anybody wants to challenge us on our conclusion: We have more to offer. There is more evidence on those pieces that I don't mention in the book because it is aimed at the ordinary citizen and what they can understand. With all the additional tiny witness marks we have, we could easily defend our view of the story even in front of the most critical and professional audiences.
DS: You don't even have access to the actual wreckage -- yet you claim to have a better picture of what happened than the Australian investigators. Doesn't this make your analysis a bit suspicious?
Vance: A lot of accident investigation is done using high-res photographs, even when the wreckage is available to you. I have been doing this for 30 years and my partners Elaine Summers and Terry Heaslip for even longer. We have all the evidence we need. And we have all the experience we need to interpret the evidence properly. This is expertise the official investigators sadly are clearly lacking. But I make the prediction that they will change their minds once they see the evidence in my book.
DS: As you write, you used to warn people not to accept any conclusions that come from outside an investigation. Now you are one of those people offering advice from far away. Isn't that ironic?
Vance: It is. I have never been in this position -- but there was never something like MH370 before. We teach accident investigation in courses worldwide. We often use pictures from MH370 as an example. We teach what witness marks mean, what the evidence is showing. I found it strange that the results we got to weren't coming up in the official updates on the case. As a matter of fact, those updates that were appearing were even contrary to our analysis. That's when I decided to write this book. It took me 18 months and it wasn't easy.
DS: Why are the Australian investigators unable to see what you say is plain obvious?
Vance: It's even more astonishing. Dozens of experts from the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, Malaysia, China, Boeing and Rolls-Royce have participated in the investigation into MH370. Some of them are the best and brightest the world has to offer, and some of their work has been intellectually breathtaking. Why is it that three investigators from Canada can see evidence that such an elitist group has simply overlooked?
DS: Well?
Vance: Maybe some basic skills in wreckage analysis have been lost. Nowadays, accident investigators tend to focus on flight data and cockpit voice recorders to reconstruct an incident. It's a high-tech approach. The ability to read a piece of wreckage isn't widely taught anymore. This is a worry to me. It's clear that this deficiency must be dealt with -- otherwise future investigations will be hugely error-prone.
DS: What was the biggest error on part of the Australians?
Vance: Some of them had their minds made up early in the investigation that this airplane was unpiloted, went into a high-speed dive and hit the water at high speed. They probably weren't mentally prepared to change their view when the wreckage came up and wreckage analysis was done. They were biased and blinded by that.
DS: Was this the most difficult investigation you've ever done?
Vance: No, it wasn't even hard at all. If this was truly a technical fault, it would have been very, very difficult to solve. But when you accept the fact that this was a criminal act, then it becomes very simple. It is easy for a pilot who already has control of the airplane to do whatever they or they decide they want to do with it. There is nothing to stop a pilot from doing what this pilot did. There is a complication of course in eliminating the other pilot. Take that aside, and everything that happened with MH370 is perfectly explainable and all the evidence supports it. A few other things of course aren't explainable: We will never fully know when and how the people on board died.
DS: We have Andreas Lubitz, a co-pilot with Germanwings, who flew their Airbus with 150 people on board into the Alps in 2015. We have MH370 in 2014, and in 2013, a suicidal captain with LAM Mozambique Airlines crashed their Embraer 190 intentionally in Namibia, killing all 33 people on board. Are suicidal pilots giving rise to a new type of fear of flying?
Vance: I don't think so. The day-to-day traveler can be assured that pilots just want the airplane to arrive safely. But the phenomenon of the suicidal pilot is certainly something that should be studied, especially from a prevention point of view. This was one of the reasons for me putting this book together.
DS: Will MH370 ever be found?
Vance: Maybe in the distant future. Searching the vast ocean with today's technology is just not effective.
DS: Mr. Vance, we thank you for this interview.
New York Times
It was years -- and approximately one million rowing jokes -- in the making, but Gendry (Joe Dempsie) has finally returned to Game of Thrones. Their appearance in Sunday's "Eastwatch," their first since the Season 3 finale, was full of surprises, starting with the fact he's been hiding out in plain sight as the hunkiest blacksmith in Fleabottom.
It's kind of genius when you think about it -- honestly, who would go looking for them there? -- but the pleasant surprises surrounding the return of Robert Baratheon's last remaining bastard didn't stop there. No, from the minute Davos (Liam Cunningham) walked into their forge, Gendry proved that they are the hero Westeros needs.
Move over, Jon Snow (Kit Harington) -- if that is your real name! Step aside, Daenerys (Emilia Clarke), Mother of Dragons (Who Doesn't Like Being Told No). This show is all about Gendry now. And do you know why?
Because they have been waiting for this moment.
As Justified's Constable Bob will tell you, it's important to have a "go bag," which is literally a bag full of life's important stuff in case you need to haul ass really quickly. Gendry knows this and understands this. They didn't need to pack when Davos arrived, because he'd been waiting.
Game of Thrones Recap: Guess Who's Pregnant?
Because they are tired of everyone's sh--.
Gendry has been through enough by this point that they no longer cares to wait around and hope the worst doesn't come to pass. Instead, they take matters into their own hands, like when they smashed in the heads of the foolish guards hassling Tyrion (Peter Dinklage), whom they recognized because of their facial scar, as Gendry, Davos and Tyrion made their escape from King's Landing.
Because they don't care if you know who they are.
Davos, who sees themselves as a bit of a surrogate father to Gendry, was worried about protecting Gendry's identity when introducing them to Jon. But Gendry had other ideas, marching right up to the King in the North and introducing themselves as Gendry, the bastard son of Robert Baratheon. And it was great that they did, because the two, who are very clearly now the show's new versions of Ned Stark and Robert Baratheon, hit it right off.
Game of Thrones: Why Is Bran Such a Dick and Other Burning Questions
Because they want to fight.
Jon and their army are going to need all the help they can get in the fight against the White Walkers and their army of wights. That Gendry is so gung-ho about fighting the good fight -- and is pretty great with their hammer -- makes them a good person to have by Jon's side when the going gets tough.
Because they make Jon less broody.
Having Gendry around makes Jon a little more bearable; the contrast between the two young men is sharp and distinct. And after years of solemn brooding, it's nice to see a hero as fiery as Gendry put a smile on Jon's face.
Because they don't have to deal with the politics of it all.
Yes, Gendry is Robert Baratheon's last remaining bastard son, but Game of Thrones is so far removed from the Baratheon of it all that we have to wonder: does that even matter anymore? We're willing to bet that a few people in King's Landing might still care and prefer a Baratheon on the Iron Throne, but Gendry doesn't appear to be all that concerned about the possibility of ruling. They care very little about the politics of the Seven Kingdoms -- just fighting against the White Walkers to save the world -- and my god, that's refreshing.
Because they have a badass hammer.
Robert had a hammer. Thor had a hammer. Gendry has a hammer.
Because they can make more badass weapons.
While some may argue Game of Thrones brought Gendry back into the fold because they are a Baratheon bastard -- the parallels between Jon and Ned, and Gendry and Robert are an easy enough argument to glom onto as well -- the truth is, Gendry is an expert blacksmith. They learned everything they know from Tobho Mott, who could rework Valyrian steel. It's far more likely that Gendry too knows how to do this and is back to forge the weapons that Jon and the living will need to defeat the White Walkers and the army of the dead. After all, before they joined Jon's ragtag team on the trip beyond the Wall, Davos wanted to send them to the forges of Winterfell.
Because they are still pretty hot.
Maybe we're being sort of shallow on this point, but we know at least one Stark who would agree with us.
Game of Thrones airs Sundays at 9/8c on HBO.
GOP Congressmen Visit Moscow, Thaw Icy Relations Before Trump-Putin Talks This July Fourth, a congressional delegation is visiting Moscow for the first time since Russia's annexation of Crimea. They're all Republicans, and their visit is a prelude to the Trump-Putin summit.
Incident In Charlottesville Will Make Us Stronger, Gov. McAuliffe Says David Greene talks to Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe about the protests in Charlottesville. Some say the police didn't do enough to prevent the attack by a white nationalist that left one person dead.
The Daily Coin
Rory Hall, The Daily Coin. Beginning in 1987 Rory has written over 1,000 articles and produced more than 300 videos on topics ranging from the precious metals market, economic and monetary policies, preparedness as well as geopolitical events. Their articles have been published by Zerohedge, SHTFPlan, Sprott Money, GoldSilver, Silver Doctors, SGTReport, and a great many more. Rory was a producer and daily contributor at SGTReport between 2012 and 2014. They have interviewed experts such as Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, Dr. Marc Faber, Eric Sprott, Gerald Celente and Peter Schiff, to name but a few. Don't forget to visit The Daily Coin and Shadow of Truth YouTube channels to enjoy original videos and some of the best economic, precious metals, geopolitical and preparedness news from around the world.
Tyler Duncan follows their approach shot from the fairway to the 10th green of the Silverado Resort North Course during the second round of the Safeway Open PGA golf tournament Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Napa, Calif. Eric Risberg AP Photo
TORONTO — A surge in pedestrian deaths has Toronto's mayor doubling down on a commitment to road safety amid criticism that they aren't doing enough.
New measures announced by John Tory on Monday include installing signs near a dozen schools to remind drivers to slow down, and extending curbs with paint to reduce crossing distances.
The measures would be part of the city's five-year "Vision Zero" plan that began last year. Council approved accelerating the plan earlier this year as part of the 2018 budget.
As of Monday, 11 pedestrians have been killed in the city compared to seven at the same time last year. In a high-profile case late last month, an 11-year-old boy was hit while walking home from school in the city's east end, prompting calls to action from advocates and community members.
"We cannot have this carnage continue," Tory told reporters the following day. "When you have deaths taking place like this, that's a crisis."
Pedestrian fatalities are a problem in cities across the country but Toronto leads the pack partly because it has more walkers, Gil Penalosa, urban planning consultant, said.
Halifax had its first pedestrian death in more than two years in late January when a 62-year-old man was hit by an alleged drunk driver. In Montreal, three pedestrians have died this year — about half the fatality rate in Toronto.
"In Montreal, they have been paying more attention," said Penalosa, who runs 8 80 Cities, an urban-planning-focused non-profit organization.
Penalosa said Montreal's recently elected mayor Valerie Plante has made pedestrians a priority whereas Tory's goal seems to be moving cars. Tory, they said, should invest more in road safety and do things such as drop the speed limit in residential areas from 40 kilometres an hour to 30, and make streets narrower to slow traffic.
Toronto police Const. Clinton Stibbe said all road users — drivers, cyclists and pedestrians — shoulder responsibility for keeping roads safe. Improved infrastructure will take years to make a significant difference, so everyone must stay within the rules, they said.
WASHINGTON — Just 24 per cent of Americans believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump that included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. That's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.
The decline in optimism about the nation's trajectory is particularly pronounced among Republicans. In June, 60 per cent of Republicans said the country was headed in the right direction; now it's just 44 per cent.
The broader picture for the president is grim, too. Nearly 70 per cent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader. More than 60 per cent disapprove of how they are handling race relations, foreign policy and immigration, among other issues.
Overall, 67 per cent of Americans disapprove of the job Trump is doing in office, including about one-third of Republicans.
Tracy Huelsman, a 40-year-old from Louisville, Kentucky, is among them. A self-described moderate Republican, Huelsman said she's particularly concerned about the "divisiveness" they feel the president promotes on social media.
"It's scary in 2017 that we are in what seems like a worse place in terms of division," said Huelsman, who did not vote for Trump in last year's election.
The assessments come after a turbulent summer for Trump that included a major White House shakeup, bringing the departure of their chief of staff, top strategist and press secretary. While the instalment of retired Marine Gen. John Kelly as chief of staff has ushered in more day-to-day order in the West Wing, the president has still stirred up numerous controversies, including when they blamed "both sides" for the clashes between white supremacists and counter-protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Trump has also raised the spectre of a military conflict with North Korea over its nuclear provocations. He's derided North Korea's leader, Kim Jong-un, as "rocket man," including during a speech at the United Nations, and has downplayed the prospects that diplomatic negotiations with Kim could yield results.
Despite their electoral success, Trump struggled as both a candidate and now as president to broaden their base of support beyond their ardent supporters. The loyalty of their core backers has been enough to keep Republican lawmakers largely in line, but party operatives are closely watching Trump's support among GOP and independent voters ahead of next year's midterm elections, when the balance of power in Congress will be at stake.
To be sure, lawmakers have their own problems to worry about. Americans have even less esteem for Congress than Trump, with just 18 per cent saying they approve of the job being done by the House and the Senate.
On Chief Wahoo And Native American Imagery
The Cleveland Indians say they'll stop using the Chief Wahoo logo on their uniforms in 2019. NPR's Scott Simon talks with Paul Chaat Smith of the National Museum of the American Indian.
SCOTT SIMON, HOST:
A controversial logo will be removed from the uniforms of the Cleveland Indians' baseball team for the 2019 season. But the caricature of a red-faced Native American called Chief Wahoo will continue to appear on merchandise. In 2018, Native American names and imagery still abound in the United States on products and sports franchises and weaponry. Paul Chaat Smith would like us to take notice. They co-curated a new exhibit at the Smithsonian's National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C. It showcases hundreds of objects with Native American imagery. And it's called "Americans." Paul Chaat Smith joins us in our studios. Thanks so much for being with us.
PAUL CHAAT SMITH: Glad to be here.
SIMON: Now, as is known, my father was the field announcer for the Cleveland Indians. And I don't mind saying I'm glad to see the end of Chief Wahoo. I can't even - won't even bring myself to say the name of Washington, D.C.'s football team on the air. But do you believe it's possible that some team names or images - Braves, Seahawks, Blackhawks - can be genuine tributes to Native Americans?
SMITH: I do think it's possible. And I do think the intent of Chief Wahoo was to add value to the team, to give it an identity. And it was created at a time in which those sorts of caricatures were acceptable. Clearly, any cartoonish character like that of any ethnic group would be unacceptable now. But, you know, the intent was there. And I think it's interesting to look at why it makes sense for so many different products, teams, weapon systems, things in your pantry to connect with American Indians. We're so used to it here in the United States. But when you step back, it's really a freaking weird phenomenon.
SIMON: Well, let me ask you about weaponry. I guess I hadn't realized it until we were reviewing this material. Tomahawk missiles, Apache helicopters - can they be seen as tributes to the staunch warrior qualities of Native Americans?
SMITH: It really does stem from that. And there's really a connection between weaponry and sports teams - you know, the idea of a fierce warrior. One of the things visitors will learn through our exhibition is that by fiat the Pentagon names all helicopters after an Indian tribe or individual. And now they consult with Native Americans. So the White Mountain Apache are thrilled that the Apache helicopter has that name. There are differences of opinion within the Native community on this and many other issues. But the idea is interesting since, of course, the Apache were enemies of the United States for a long time.
SIMON: Yeah. And a lot of Apaches were killed by U.S. military weaponry, weren't they?
SMITH: Yeah.
SIMON: The Land O' Lakes butter box - there's a Native American on that. And an informal poll of people taken around here suggests a lot of people don't even see them
SMITH: Well, she's in your refrigerator. And God knows what she's doing at night. I never look closely at it myself. I do buy that brand. And when you look at it closely, what you see is she's kneeling. And she's holding the box that she's in. And so it recedes into infinity. In other words, you know, in that box, you see them again and again and again. So it's this amazing combination of American identity, a generic Indian with really brilliant graphic design that, you know, you don't really notice. But I really do think she's up to something at night in the refrigerator.
SIMON: (Laughter) I'll check. Is it offensive?
SMITH: I think some of it is. Some of it isn't. You know, one reason I'm so happy they're retiring Chief Wahoo is because even though I'm a National League fan, the Indians have been my favorite AL team the last several years. They're an incredibly exciting team. So when I'm watching as a fan, I would really love to appreciate the players and not have this offensive logo out there. So I think it's really good for them. What we're hoping is that rather than getting too prescriptive about this is offensive - this needs to change - in this case, it's OK - look at this larger phenomenon that's really tied to American national identity, that's in all of our lives from our earliest memories as Americans. It's really the most enduring brand in the history of American advertising.
SIMON: I gather the exhibit is going to be up for five years, right?
SMITH: Correct.
SIMON: What do you hope - somebody who goes through there - how they might be touched or changed?
SMITH: The museum's challenge has always been that most Americans don't live in areas where there are lots of Indians. So they come in with nothing to do with Indians. They never met an Indian. And they're learning as cultural tourists. I think when they visit our show, they'll see that, actually, they have all these connections to Indians, whether it's a video from "South Park" or it's John Ford's masterpiece "Stagecoach" or it's Land O'Lakes butter maiden. There are all these things that connect you to it. They're not real Indians, obviously. But I think all of that is going to start looking a little bit different. And it's the beginning of a different kind of conversation.
SIMON: Paul Chaat Smith - he's co-curator of the new exhibition "Americans." That's at the National Museum of the American Indian in Washington, D.C. Thanks so much.
SMITH: Thank you, Scott.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The Reinvention Of The IPO
Enlarge this image NPR NPR
The Reinvention Of The IPO The Reinvention Of The IPO Listen · 11:08 11:08
The way most companies first sell their shares to the public is tried and true; hire an investment bank, do a roadshow, agree to a lockup period, etc etc.
But Spotify is doing none of those things. In fact it's not doing an initial public offering at all: it's doing a direct public offering instead.
It's an unusual move. but if it works, it could change the way a big part of Wall Street business is done.
Links:
How ans IPO gets done, step by step (CNBC)
Spotify plans to go public on April 3 (CNN)
Greenshoe Options: An IPO's Best Friend (Investopedia)
Music by Radiohead, The O'Jays, and Drop Electric. Find us: Twitter/ Facebook.
Subscribe to our show on Apple Podcasts, PocketCasts and NPR One.
WWE News: Seth Rollins says The Undertaker should retire
Should the Phenom call it quits?
Bushboy65 TOP CONTRIBUTOR News 30 May 2018, 12:29 IST 1.01K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Seth Rollins said something that many people seem to think already
What's the story?
The Undertaker's retirement has been rumoured for the past four years. Since Brock Lesnar broke their WrestleMania streak, fans have been wondering when the Phenom would hang up the boots, and it seems that a certain Architect thinks it should happen soon.
In case you didn't know...
Since WrestleMania 30, the quality in The Undertaker's matches has definitely declined a bit, with fans and critics alike tearing apart their fights with Bray Wyatt, Shane McMahon, and Roman Reigns.
However, their fight with Cena at WrestleMania 34 seemed to turn fans around. Their Casket Match with Rusev at Greatest Royal Rumble, while not needed, also was seen as a good match.
The heart of the matter
Seth Rollins appeared on GiveMeSport's 60 Second Sunday, giving quick short answers to a lightning Q&A round. The Intercontinental Champion talked pop culture to wrestling knowledge to how much they hated homework.
One important question didn't seem to catch Rollins off guard, as they easily answered it. When they were asked if The Undertaker should retire, they simply said "Yes."
GiveMeSport's 60 Second Sundays: This week, @WWERollins is up and you'll want to hear their favourite heel ever, the best WrestleMania match and their answer on if Undertaker should retire or not... #WWE pic.twitter.com/tg8i92M13l — GiveMeSport - WWE (@GMS_WWE) May 27, 2018
It's almost as if Rollins has given this question some thought before.
What's next?
Seth Rollins was DQ'd in a match against Jinder Mahal this week at Monday Night Raw. As the Kingslayer moves on in their Intercontinental Championship reign, that blemish on their record is sure to cause problems later on. As far as the Deadman goes, we're sure to see them appear a few more times throughout the year.
It's hard to disagree with Rollins at this point, with The Undertaker looking gassed in matches lasting longer than 10 minutes. That being said, with their last two matches being considered a return to form for the Deadman from critics and wrestling personalities, do you think The Undertaker should retire?
Would you like to see the Undertaker retire without any last match? Sounds off in the comments sections below. Youcan also send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Photo: K24 Tv Digital
Religious leaders, in Kiambu county on Monday 17 TH asked politicians to maintain peace during the ongoing nominations exercise and the August 8th general election.
A 20-year-old man has pleaded not guilty to charges that they drove onto and damaged the Iowa baseball field made famous by the 1989 "Field of Dreams" movie.
The Telegraph Herald reports that Austin Pape, of Dyersville, entered a written plea before their arraignment scheduled for Monday in Dubuque. Investigators say Pape has acknowledged driving onto the field Jan. 22, and their attorney has said Pape will work with prosecutors on a resolution.
Court records say the owner estimated the damage at more than $5,500. The vehicle left deep gashes in the field and damaged sprinklers.
The field sits 2 miles (3 kilometers) outside Dyersville - 142 miles (228 kilometers) northeast of Des Moines. Thousands of people visit the property, running around the bases and walking to the surrounding cornfields.
Milliken Acquires Keystone Aniline Corporation, Positions Chemical Division for Global Growth
SPARTANBURG, S.C. — April 13, 2017 — Today, Milliken & Company, a global innovation company with historic commitments to specialty textile, chemicals and floor covering, announced its acquisition of the assets of Keystone Aniline Corporation, a global leader in dyes, pigments, pigment dispersions and polymers. Positioning Milliken for global growth, the initiative aligns two key industry players with complementary product portfolios and expertise to offer customers a broader array of advanced colorant solutions, technologies and services.
Supporting their complementary product offerings are cultural parallels, including both being privately-held and family-owned, further aligning the acquisition strategically.
“Milliken and Keystone Aniline Corporation share a long history of innovation, environmentally responsible manufacturing and relationship building – core values which connect us in practice, perspective and approach to values-based business,” shared Milliken President, CEO and Chairman, J. Harold Chandler. “We look forward to welcoming Keystone to the Milliken family of companies and competing together as we leverage meaningful innovation and environmentally responsible manufacturing.”
Founded in 1920, Keystone is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois, and has operations in Europe and North America, including the company's largest manufacturing facility in Inman, South Carolina.
“Milliken and Keystone each have individual expertise in chemical colorants; Milliken with unparalleled new molecule development, and Keystone with leading formulation capabilities,” shared David Moody, President of the global Milliken Chemical division. “I look forward to combining our shared resources for ground-breaking chemical innovations that will continue to serve our customers in significant and meaningful ways.”
“By combining our product portfolios and specialized colorant knowledge with Milliken's solutions and expertise, we create business and market synergies that will drive new global opportunities and better meet the evolving needs of our customers,” said John Andrews, Chief Executive Officer of Keystone. “The strengthened organization will possess greater breadth and depth across the board, from research and development to formulation capabilities, to quality control and product flight attendantship. This partnership will be a part of Milliken's future growth and success.”
Posted April 17, 2017
Source: Milliken & Company
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
All bets are off, the winner of the Piers Morgan Lord Sugar weigh in has finally been announced.
Lord Sugar threw down the gauntlet and challenged Piers Morgan to a battle of the bulge two months ago after they were 'fat shamed' by the presenter during an epic scrap on Good Morning Britain.
The Apprentice boss then blasted "blubber boy" Piers for being a "beached whale."
But to settle their long-running feud the long-term enemies shook hands on a big money deal, a £5,000 bet to see who could lose the most weight by the Apprentice final with the proceeds going to Great Ormond Street Hospital.
And with the competition coming to and end this weekend, Lord Sugar stuck to their word and headed down to the GMB studios for the dreaded weigh in.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Piers admitted they were "quietly confident" ahead of the big reveal.
"How can you lose a diet to someone named Sugar?" they joked.
Despite trying to tempt the Apprentice star with donuts as they prepared for their early morning TV appearance, Alan remained unphased.
And they were rewarded for their determination as they triumphed over the GMB host.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
After the pair stepped on the scales it was revealed Lord Sugar had lost a whopping 19lbs, while Piers had lost 8lbs.
"Come up with the money son," said victorious Lord Sugar.
After Piers brought out a cheque, charitable Lord Sugar matched their off.
"Now you can both put it all on again it's Christmas," said Susanna. Reid.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Viewers had been left in hysterics when Lord Sugar last appeared on the show and Piers Morgan had threatened to "rip them to pieces" when they made the bet.
But when the business person entered Piers' "lair", it seemed they had the upper hand as they mocked the presenter by pretending to mute them with a remote control.
The pair then argued about who launched whose career after Lord Sugar claimed they brought Piers into the public eye through the Comic Relief edition of The Apprentice.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
"You've done nothing for my TV career apart from being a complete irritant before, during and after it," shouted Piers.
"I did give you a business column in the Daily Mirror which got you the Apprentice gig. So you owe it to me for launching your miserable TV career.
"No one in America knows who you are, no one in the biggest country in world entertainment has any idea who you are. They think you are Sid James reincarnated, digged up and put on television."
(Image: ITV)
Lord Sugar was left then giggling as Piers tried to avoid answering whether they had been to the White House since Donald Trump took office.
Ironically, Piers said: "Are you not familiar with how interview work, you ask a question and I answer."
Noting that Piers is usually the one speaking over their guests, Lord Sugar joked: "Ooo pot kettle."
Realising they were backed into a corner, Piers changed the subject and was accused of "fat shaming" their opponent by co-host Susanna.
(Image: ITV)
They asked: "Are you chunking up a bit, have you put no a lot of weight?"
"I have put on about 18 pounds. Over the summer I over indulged," said Lord Sugar.
"Never you mind about me son, pot kettle social media I saw you prancing around in the summer, you looked like a beached whale. Have you got a set of scales in this place?"
Anton Media Group, the publisher of the newspaper you are reading right now, is not a big newsroom—there are less than 20 individuals on the editorial team, and even fewer than that in the sales and design departments. This is a tight-knit, family-run organization publishing an immense amount of content each and every week.
Similar sentiments can be said for the Capital Gazette, a local community newspaper in Annapolis, MD, where a gunman entered on June 28 and slaughtered five people who were working hard to put together the latest issue of their paper. The dead include the editorial page editor, an assistant editor, a staff writer, a sales assistant and a special publications employee. All positions that currently exist here at Anton Media Group.
Try to imagine yourself at your place of employment, wherever that might be. You work hard to bring home your pay to take care of yourself or your family. Then imagine that sometimes an outsider decides to sit down and take the time to write a hateful letter to you merely because they disagree with your particular view of the world. This has happened in every newsroom I've ever worked in—for the most part, exchanges with readers are constructive back-and-forth debates, but sometimes reporters and editors have to deal with complaints that border on dangerous harassment.
Now imagine that you're employed at a media outlet and the president stands in front of their followers—many of whom just so happen to be gun owners—and describes the news media as the “enemy of the American people,” while those same followers insist that they cannot wait for vigilantes to start “gunning journalists down,” as former Breitbart News editor Milo Yiannopoulos did just two days before the attack. Would you feel safe? Would you go to work every day?
Well, we go to work every day, as do other journalists in community newspapers across the country. The Capital Gazette went back to work, in fact, they went ahead and published their paper the day after the shooting with front-page coverage of the five colleagues shot dead. That should tell you all you need to know about the people who do this for a living—in spite of the dangers or the rhetoric or readers' contempt, the deadlines will be met and the paper will be published.
Whether the shooting was motivated by the extreme right's insistence that journalists are the enemy or it was something else entirely is irrelevant. The fact that it is plausible that the act could have been motivated by violent threats from the leader of the free world is deeply troubling.
And yet, in all that despair, there is one indisputable fact: the more the current occupant of the White House vilifies the media, the more journalists they are creating.
—Steve Mosco
Agree? Disagree? We'd love to hear from you! Send a letter to the editor at smosco@antonmediagroup.com.
FILE- In this Thursday, Feb. 23, 2017 file picture, Romania's chief anti-corruption prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi, who heads the country's anti-graft agency (DNA), returns to their seat after presenting the unit's annual report in Bucharest, Romania. Romania's top court on Wednesday, May, 30, 2018 has told president Klaus Iohannis to fire the country's chief anti-corruption prosecutor, widely praised for their efforts to root out high-level graft, but a thorn in the side for some politicians. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda, File)
FILE- In this Thursday, Feb. 23, 2017 file picture, Romania's chief anti-corruption prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi, who heads the country's anti-graft agency (DNA), returns to their seat after presenting the unit's annual report in Bucharest, Romania. Romania's top court on Wednesday, May, 30, 2018 has told president Klaus Iohannis to fire the country's chief anti-corruption prosecutor, widely praised for their efforts to root out high-level graft, but a thorn in the side for some politicians. (AP Photo/Vadim Ghirda, File)
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) - Romania's top court on Wednesday told the country's president to fire the chief anti-corruption prosecutor, widely praised for their efforts to root out high-level graft, but a thorn in the side of some politicians.
The constitutional court ruled in a 6-3 vote that there had been an institutional conflict after President Klaus Iohannis disagreed with the justice minister's assessment that National Anti-Corruption Directorate Chief Prosecutor Laura Codruta Kovesi should be dismissed on grounds of failing to do their job properly.
In their February report calling for their dismissal, the minister, Tudorel Toader, said they were authoritarian, claimed that prosecutors falsified evidence and asserted that the number of acquittals was too high. They also said they had harmed Romania's image in interviews with foreign journalists. Kovesi later refuted their accusations.
Under their leadership, the agency has successfully prosecuted lawmakers, ministers and other top officials for bribery, fraud, abuse of power and other corruption-related offenses.
Kovesi's departure would be a blow to the agency, respected by ordinary Romanians, the European Union and the U.S. The court will explain its ruling later.
The opposition party Union to Save Romania said the ruling was a politically biased decision in favor of the ruling Social Democratic Party, which has been critical of the anti-graft agency. The opposition group accused the court of stripping the president of their powers and turning them into a mere clerk.
Toader, however, praised the ruling saying Iohannis did not have "the legal ability to evaluate the professional and management competences of high-ranking prosecutors."
Help the Great Falls Rescue Mission give back to the Electric City community this holiday season by giving back.
One way to help out is by sponsoring a family or an individual. Jim Kizer with GFRM says there are currently 34 families staying at the Cameron Family Center, consisting of about 80 children. There are also 24 men and eight women participating in the recovery program.
But you don't have to give money or gifts to help, you can also give time. Volunteer opportunities are available the week prior to Christmas for wrapping presents, or folks can help serve holiday meals on Christmas Day.
For more information about how to sponsor a family or donate your time by volunteering, visit the Great Falls Rescue Mission website.
Specialty food company Urban Accents, a manufacturer and distributor of spice blends, grilling rubs, sea salts and a full collection of products designed for use in gourmet cooking, has hired JOH as its broker for the Northeast. JOH will represent the entire Urban Accents product line in the region.
Tom Knibbs, Urban Accents president, said, “Our goal has always been to try to align our efforts with the very best people in our the industry; with JOH we feel we have done that.”
JOH EVP Art Papazian added, “We are very excited with the opportunity to help grow the Urban Accents business as it has significant growth potential in the three distinct classes of trade that we participate: mass market, natural and alternative channels.”
Urban Accents was founded in 1996 when Knibbs unexpectedly lost their job. With their partner Jim Dygas, Knibbs' company has grown its original 12 spice blends to more than 150 gourmet products.
The man accused of ramming their car into a crowd of protesters will face a judge Monday following the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Police said 20-year-old James Alex Fields, Jr. killed a woman and hurt 19 others when they drove into those protesting against white supremacists on Saturday.
Investigators said Fields had just attended a white nationalist rally against plans to remove a confederate statue from a park.
A man who survived the crash spoke about what happened.
"I hear tires screech, then I look up and I see people getting thrown in the air and the only thing I could do is push my fiancée out of the way,” Marcus Martin said.
A press conference will be held Monday in Washington by the alt-right organizer of the rally.
Solidarity in Michigan
The weekend violence got a big reaction from around the nation, sparking rallies in cities from coast to coast – including here in Michigan.
Large crowds gathered at rallies in Grand Rapids and Kalamazoo to denounce the white supremacists who converged in Charlotsville and show solidarity with those killed and injuries.
A similar rally also happened in Lansing where hundreds gathered at the State Capitol in response to the violence.
“We wanna stand up and say no. We embrace diversity and we embrace all cultures and that's what we stand for,” one person said.
Self said the plan was to rest them Sunday and Monday, practice Tuesday through Thursday, and be ready to go against a fifth-seeded Clemson team that ran roughshod over No. 4 seed Auburn.
"Coach is trying to limit my time sometimes, and I'm like, 'Coach, I'm good. I'm good to go,'" Azubuike said with a smile. "I'm feeling good right now. I feel good to be back with the team. And like, as soon as I stepped on the court, I felt good and I was just good to go."
Still, the Jayhawks (29-7) have only had one person step up offensively each of their first two NCAA Tournament games, and that's cause for concern. When they've struggled this season, such as losses to Washington and Arizona State, nobody in their talented backcourt came through in the clutch.
Against Penn, it was Graham who shouldered the load. They scored 29 points, dished out six assists with six rebounds, and played all but one minute in a game tight until the second half.
Against Seton Hall, the Big 12 player of the year was largely silenced, perhaps in part by a shot to the head they took from their own teammate. But sophomore Malik Newman took over, the Big 12 Tournaments most valuable player hitting four 3-pointers and pouring in 28 points in an 83-79 victory.
"With the four guards and with the big man, I think anybody — any one of our starting five — always have a chance to go out and get 20-plus," Newman said. "Lot of weapons we have to our arsenal."
They'll likely need more than one of them Friday night.
Clemson closed the first half against Auburn with a 25-4 run, was lights-out on offence and brutal on defence, and was never threatened the rest of the way in an 84-53 romp that sent coach Brad Brownell's program to its first Sweet 16 in 21 years.
"That was probably as impressive of a performance as anyone has had in the tournament so far and there have been some great performances," Self said. "They dominated Auburn in every area — perimeter play, speed, rebounding and in the paint. Watching them was like watching a clinic.
"They've played against some unbelievable teams all year long," they added. "This will be a difficult game. A game that will require us to play a lot better than we did this past weekend."
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
By Dave Skretta, The Associated Press
Transfer news and rumours of the day: 14th June 2017
A quick roundup of today's top transfer news.
@gaurav_krishnan by gaurav.krishnan Football Transfer Roundup 14 Jun 2017, 19:38 IST
Douglas Costa (R) is closing in on a move to Juventus
Hello and welcome to Sportskeeda's daily transfer news and rumours roundup for 14th June 2017 where we cover the biggest stories coming from Europe's top five leagues. A number of deals are nearing completion and as always we break down the most important ones for you here. On that note let's head straight in.
Serie A
Juventus to meet Douglas Costa's representatives
According to Gazzetta dello Sport, Juventus will be meeting with the representatives of Bayern Munich winger Douglas Costa today. The Italian news outlet reports that Juventus are looking at signing the winger after learning that they are open to joining the Serie A champions.
Interest in the Brazilian is high with a number of clubs scrambling to sign them after Bayern placed them on the transfer list. Juventus is now in advanced talks to sign the winger and as per the reports, the Turin club have agreed a package of £5.3 million (€6 million) per year for the player.
Torino want Hart back
Tuttosport in Italy reports that Torino are considering re-signing Joe Hart on loan for next season as well. The club have thus far failed to sign a replacement for the English goalkeeper after talks with their potential replacement Salvatore Sirigu broke down. Hart's future remains uncertain with a move to West Ham also possibly on the cards. However, they will in all likelihood not be at Manchester City next season.
Doha: Qatar`s Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for USD 12 billion.
The deal was completed despite the Gulf country being criticised recently by US President Donald Trump for supporting terrorism.
US Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and representatives from Qatar were set to meet Wednesday to seal the agreement, a source familiar with the deal told Reuters. Bloomberg News reported the deal was for 36 jets.
The sale will increase security cooperation and interoperability between the US and Qatar, the Pentagon said in an emailed statement on Wednesday.
Defense Secretary Mattis and Qatari Minister of State for Defense Affairs Khalid al-Attiyah also discussed the current state of operations against the ISIS and the importance of de-escalating tensions so all partners in the gulf region can focus on next steps in meeting common goals, the Pentagon added.
In November, the United States approved possible sale of up to 72 F-15QA aircraft to Qatar for USD 21.1 billion. Boeing Co is the prime contractor on the fighter jet sale to the Middle East nation.
Boeing declined to comment.
Trump recently accused Qatar of being a "high-level" sponsor of terrorism, potentially hindering the US Department of State`s efforts to ease heightening tensions and a blockade of the Gulf nation by Arab states and others.
Odell Beckham Jr. came back to the Giants and said they never wants to leave.
About a week ago, co-owner John Mara told a Town Hall assemblage of fans that they wanted Beckham to be a Giant for the rest of their career. On Tuesday, Beckham's first day back on the field with the team since their conspicuous absence from voluntary OTA workouts, the receiver said that would be fine with him.
“I think we're on the same page there,” they said after the first practice of the three-day mandatory minicamp. “Obviously, this is one of the best organizations in the league and I would love to be here for the rest of my life.”
Good. That's settled.
In an abstract way, at least. The reality is that Beckham has two seasons remaining on their rookie deal, will be underpaid compared to similarly productive wideouts in 2017, and was absent from voluntary OTAs the past three weeks. That last part caused many to connect dots — some of which Beckham seemingly placed there themselves on social media — and assume they were angling for a new deal by staying away from the team.
After a few circles around the topic in which Beckham would not directly answer questions about their contract status (“I leave that in the hands of the man above,” they said, and later added: “You'd have to ask the people who do the contracts”) Beckham finally severed any link between their absences this spring and their desire for an updated contract.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“I was just out in L.A. training,” they said. “I've seen the whole holdout and all that stuff and I've never really seen it work, so that was never in my mind that I'm not going to go to OTAs to get a new contract. I don't think that really proves a point, in my opinion.”
Would Beckham like a new deal? Of course! But so does everybody. And there have been no negotiations toward that end. “When that time comes, that time comes,” Beckham said, preaching patience in the process.
Skipping OTAs was more about taking a deep professional breath than any kind of financial statement.
“I was just taking the time to train . . . and really grow and mature,” they said. “You just have time to be able to reflect on life and learn new things. It was a great process for me and I definitely enjoyed it.”
For a moment it looked as if Beckham would change the narrative the best way they know how. They had an opportunity to show the world that skipping OTAs was a non-story, that they were better served physically and mentally by training in California. That statement was taking place where Beckham has always been their most convincing — on the field.
Giants videos
On their first full-team rep of Tuesday's practice, they ran a deep route down the right sideline, getting half a step on cornerback Janoris Jenkins. Eli Manning unloaded a long pass and for a moment all was right in the Giants' world.
Then the ball went through Beckham's hands. A drop.
Oh well. It's only mid-June. Only the first day of minicamp.
The important part was that Beckham, the team's most dynamic playmaker and one of the NFL's brightest stars, had returned after raising the blood pressure of those who believe they owed it to the team to be there and become the biggest storyline of the spring for the Giants.
“It's great to be back out here,” Beckham said after being targeted only a handful of times in team drills, making no catches and rotating in and out at a rather leisurely pace.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
“It's great to have them back,” Ben McAdoo said. “He didn't miss a beat when they came in. They look in good condition.”
It also gave the Giants their first look of the offseason at how their offense, with the additions of free agents Brandon Marshall and Rhett Ellison and first-round pick Evan Engram, could appear come September.
“It was great to walk into the room,” Beckham said. “That's your team, that's what you do it for, those 53 men on the roster and whoever else is in this building. It's a special bond.”
And Beckham is back to being a part of it.
THE GROWING number of people from ethnic minorities with degrees is not being reflected in their fortunes in the jobs market, according to new research.
A new report shows the number of working-age people with degrees in some ethnic minority groups has more than trebled over the last 20 years.
However, the Resolution Foundation's research suggests university success is not translating into similar improvements in job prospects.
Its analysis shows ethnic minority graduates are up to 12 per cent less likely to be in a job then their white British counterparts.
The report published today also reveals those from ethnic minority are more likely to be in poorer paid occupations.
Kathleen Henehan, policy analysy at the Resolution Foundation, said: “The rising share of people going to university is a well-known British success story of recent decades. The progress made by black and ethnic minority groups is astounding, with the share of Indian, Pakistani and Bangladeshi graduates trebling in less than 20 years.
“But despite this success, graduates from a black and ethnic minority background still face significant employment and pay penalties in the workforce. These labour market disadvantages are a big living standards concern and mean we risk failing to make the most of the investment made in their education.
“The government is right to be exploring these and other significant race disparities. Understanding the extent and root causes of these disadvantages is an important step towards the far bigger challenge of tackling them.”
The analysis shows that 89 per cent of white British graduates are employed compared to figures as low as 78 per cent for those from Bangladeshi backgrounds.
The Resolution Foundation said some of the gap would be accounted for by the fact that there is a lower average age for ethnic minority graduates but the gap for those aged 16-to-34 is 15 per cent compared to 10 per cent for the working population as a whole.
Those graduates from black African or Bangladeshi backgrounds are more than twice as likely to be in lower paid roles than their white counterparts.
The Government is due to publish the results of its first ‘race disparity audit' on Tuesday looking at how people from different backgrounds are treated across the public sector.
Findings already released show the unemployment rate among those from ethnic minorities is almost double that for white British groups.
Susanne Kablitz was a well known German libertarian writer and the owner of the Jeweler publishing house as well as editor-in-chief of the Jewel magazine. They were the author of the book “To the last breath” and co-author of “The freedom committed”. They were also a politician and head of the “Party der Vernunft” (PDV.) If rumours are true, the 47-year-old committed suicide and the last article they wrote shortly before their death had the headline ” This Country is Lost.”
On Saturday, February 11th, they took their life with only 47 years. The voluntary death of a human being also leaves behind a sense of hopelessness. Susanne Kablitz was a fighter, but sometimes fighters lose their strength.
I words in the article reveal a woman who felt that no matter what they did it was all in vain; that no matter what they said nothing would change. They are the words of a woman at the end of their rope mentally and emotionally, trying to fight a battle that they have only now realised is unwinnable. In some ways, it is as much Germany's suicide note as it is hers.
Translated from German by Google Translate:
A few weeks ago, the national socialist Bernd Höcke, at an event in Dresden, told me about the culprit of the Germans. They said, among other things, “We Germans, our people, are the only people in the world who have planted a monument of disgrace in the heart of their capital” and “the Merkel government has mutated into a regime …
No matter how much you point out that most people are on the way to hell, nothing changes . On the contrary. One even gets insulted, smiled and denied.
…In the meantime, I feel so much the same – no matter what you try to do , most people around the world…believe firmly in authority, in the deity of the state, in the guilt, self-denial and Are deeply rooted in their hatred of themselves.
…I'm not really a fan of Bernd Höcke. Like all national socialists, they too want only the overriding, all-embracing state…nothing would change for the good. Because they too want total power.
…But this is not the issue here. What is much more impressive is the fact that the “bourgeois”, and even the liberals, who are supposed to recognize a “Nazi” who, in one way or another, have the inexcusable audacity, are in the debt To distribute the criminals of all the regimes a little more evenly, and to repay the eternal reprobate against the thousand-year Nazi guilt under Hitler… “Never, never, never” should we forget…
…Of course, what happened in Germany seven decades ago should not be relativized – just as little as in all other dictatorships, regimes and governments. Just as the bombardment of Dresden by the British (when there was not the slightest occasion for it), and an estimated quarter of a million, mainly defenseless, unarmed people were massacred if no historical fate was carried out) or the “Killing Fields” Cambodia or the killing of the people in the former GDR or the mass killings in the Soviet Union or China, or the dropping of atomic bombs by the Americans or, or, or.
But! Do you ever experience in the approach such a subjugation of the people living today among the acts of madmen in any other country? Neither in Russia nor in China, nor in Cambodia, not in the former GDR and certainly not in England or even in America.
What is particularly astonishing is that it is also often the case that those who are most concerned about the “Nazis” who advocate the mass influx of people of Muslim faith in all respects are the most striking. So precisely the people who have massive “problems” with the Jewish faith.
…Let's get to the bottom of things. What did Mr. Höcke really say?
Well, in the first part of their first statement, they point out (according to their own statements) that the guilt of the Germans has assumed hysterical features. They say: “We Germans, our people, are the only people in the world who have planted a monument of shame in the heart of their capital.”
Where is this sentence wrong? Where is it interpretable when one is clear?
When they say that Germany has erected a monument of disgrace, it is a completely different proposition than when it says that it is a shame that this monument was erected here. This will not be obvious to many, however, because they lack linguistic clarity and differentiation.
They leaf no doubt that they call the monument a monument to the shame. They do not deny the Holocaust, and certainly does not relativize it. They would never do that anyway…
…He wants again a “proud, German people”.
Well, I do not want a “German people” again, but I would be very well disposed to proud people.
…Guilt is personal. They recognize an individual decision, an individual confession.Something that every INDIVIDUAL must live with when they acknowledge it and also when they do not acknowledge it. Guilt is not something that may be compulsorily imposed on others who do not have it. If they can not recognize this guilt as bad people. People should voluntarily remember something and act on it; When they are forced, this is dishonest, has nothing to do with an honest feeling, but only with political correctness and the hunchback before the culprit.
And what do they say in the second part of their statement? Well, they say that a “crimes of opinion” is worse than an actual infringement. Both statements are correct. But they can not be said. Not at all from a Bernd Höcke. And this is not because they are a socialist, but because they are “national”.
National Socialists are out. International socialists are en vogue. This can be seen in excommunicated President Barack Obama. International socialists are allowed to kill people, they can wage war, they can break right. National not.
This double mourning is disgusting.
Adolf Hitler was a national socialist, so we are gladly told. This is not true at all – in two respects. On the one hand, Adolf Hitler wanted a united Europe in the medium to long term. Under their supervision. Thus a construct from which people who do not share the ruler's mental attitude have hardly a chance to break out. Those who have no refuge, no alternative. They must remain – and follow.
National Socialists do not want that. They want a “fatherland”. This is also silly and childish, but still offers the chance to seek happiness somewhere else, if one does not want to follow this madness.
And the only thing that seemed to be “right” to Adolf Hitler was their ardent anti-Semitism with a manish anti-Americanism. It was their hatred of capitalism, “Jewish” speculators, “rich Jews,” the “financial judaism” as a whole. It was precisely that which connects them with almost all socialists, ie, leftists. Everything they lived, said or done was left. Each pore of them was “left”. How I can be persuaded as thinking people that Hitler was “right” will never open up to me and can only be explained with total brainwashing.
How did Roland Baader once said in this context?
“Socialism is a contagious mental illness. A person who is affected is recognized by the fact that they want to establish a system of compulsion, which equates with justice in themselves, and from then on aggressively, to anyone who does not submit to the red orchestra. ”
Let us return to Hauck's third statement. That is, that Mrs. Merkel is strongly oriented in their behavior to their spiritual father Erich Honecker. Again, deafening shouting.
But why? It is exactly like that. It is even worse.
Packed in an alleged democracy, the freedoms of the people are dispossessed every day more. Ms Merkel and their entourage are massively right, call for denunciation, set up taxpayers' state control committees in which even ex-Stasi employees take leadership roles, forces most of the people to live a life that makes them poorer and more dependent They now account for up to 70% of the monthly income.
…And no, there is not a great mind hidden in the people who roar to multiculti and slay all others verbally who disagree. A great spirit would have shown itself if these people had brought the machinations of Obama, Clinton and Co. from the sinking. THEN a character would have shown. So they are only poor, pitiful creatures that do not even have moral principles.
Take a closer look at this gentleman here: Michael Müller, Mayor of the Pleite-City of Berlin.
An absolute full-blown disaster, who has never been worth a day's worth in their entire life, and can only ruin Germany's plethora of muddle loops after a coalition with green-fascists and bricklayers. This “fine gentleman” is not able to distinguish between a wall with which their own countrymen are imprisoned, and a wall which is supposed to protect them from severe criminality…
And what else is there?
Well, bank and euro rescue, bureaucracy, exploding crime, warfare, state television, record tax rates, incandescent light bulbs, energy supplies, monitoring state, terror, harassment of smokers, car drivers, self-employed and entrepreneurs, gender delusion – no day goes by when we are not with the complete The failure of governments. And in the process, the cancer of the disease, the state, is spreading.
And why does it happen?
…Lethargic, guilty, humble, oppressed. The perfect people of the rulers. One might think that this part of the population deserves what one does to him. Because it does not want to see the parallels that point to the past.
For a long time I have resisted that these people deserve their misfortune. But I do not. It is really their own fault.
And so it will be again. In September the majority will again be one of the “big” parties…
…Hardly anyone is listening to the call for the “Energiewende”, the “Euro-Rescue” and the “refugee crisis” to look more closely. It is even possible to publish books that are absolutely certain and factual enough that every single problem is already sufficient to completely destroy Germany.
But what is usually the echo?
Disbelief, the ridicule, and the label of the conspirator and conspiracy theorist. Hardly anyone wants to get out of their belief in the omnipotence of state propaganda…
…The auxiliary and asylum industry has now become the largest sector in Germany, by far the largest DAX company. With so many profiteers, it is by no means surprising that the state robber always succeeds in recruiting from the ranks of the Abzocker a few demonstrators for the alleged “fight against the right”. And since the Germans are so brainwashed, with these demos are probably still a few people who do not benefit at all. They are the useful idiots of the Asylum and the politicians who take part in the election campaign with the unanswered “Social Justice”. For these two “professional groups” are by far the most money-loving, hypocritical and unscrupulous exploiters who exist.
And so it is truly incredible!
We live again in a fascist dictatorship after pattern 1933, the today's Nazis are refugee-disposed good men and asocial “antifascists”. Whoever speaks the truth is persecuted. So it is only a matter of time, when there are dead on both sides. The SPD has already openly called for violence…It is truly a panoptic of wretchedness.
Unfortunately, one can not help but notice that this highly inscrutable country deserves its inevitable next fall more than just. Germany is lost. Definitely. This would be reversible – perhaps – only with very drastic measures. But the party does not trust itself. Because they all just stare at the majority. On the feeding troughs. Because they are well looked after. And because they have no backbone, even to endure a temporary outrage and to stick to their own convictions…And just at the moment they are all sold with skin and hair to the devil. And not even at a good price.
It's just disgusting. May they come soon and be final, for anyone who has learned nothing from the last doom has not deserved a third chance…
-juwelen-magazin.com
SK Telecom CEO Park Jung-ho (SKT)
SK Telecom CEO Park Jung-ho, chief of South Korea's largest mobile carrier, pledged to make SKT the country's representative information and communication technology firm to lead the fourth industrial revolution.“The fourth industrial revolution will eliminate borders and divisions between business sectors, ushering in global competition” Park said.“We must break out of the current paradigm and devise a new business model so that we can achieve growth on a global scale,” they said, vowing to expand partnerships with global information communication technology companies as well as local startups.The SKT CEO asked the company to offer customer-centered services and products in the mobile network operating business, while driving its resources toward nurturing its Internet of Things technologies ranging from connected cars and smart energy management to smart homes.The network operator must also pursue bold investments to secure global media content and new media solutions for the home to boost its media platform business, among other strategic agendas, said Park.By Sohn Ji-young (jys@heraldcorp.com)
Halep survives early scare to dispatch Riske
Alison Riske threatened a French Open upset on Wednesday but Simona Halep turned their fortunes around to book their place in round two.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 16:36 IST 19 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Simona Halep in action at the French Open
Simona Halep produced a 'Jekyll and Hyde' performance in their opening match at the French Open as they battled back to dispatch Alison Riske 2-6 6-1 6-1 on Wednesday.
The world number one looked in good form as they reached the final in Rome last weekend but early on they were a shadow of their former self.
Riske took full advantage to dominate the opening set, Halep making 16 unforced errors in a woeful start to the grand slam.
A change of racket in-between the first two sets – and presumably a good talking to – finally kicked Halep into gear, and they came storming back to complete a hard-earned victory.
Halep had to battle from the outset as Riske controlled the rallies on Court Philippe Chatrier, their forehand a particularly dangerous weapon that their illustrious opponent had no answer to.
Mistakes from the Romanian quickly began to rack up, weak volleys into the net and wayward backhands leaving Halep taking out their anger on their racket.
Despite avoiding the bagel, Halep sent another backhand long to leave Riske punching the air in celebration. However, their delight would be brief.
With a new piece of equipment in their hand Halep was a changed woman, their movement much better, their shot selection drastically improved and the lines peppered.
In the blink of an eye Halep was leading the second set 5-0 as the tables quickly turned, Riske's previously confident display all but disappearing as Halep's trademark intensity finally came to the fore.
Confidence – and parity - restored, two-time runner-up Halep marched into a second-round meeting with Taylor Townsend, the deciding set a mere formality for the world's top player.
STATISTICAL BREAKDOWN
Halep [1] bt Riske 2-6 6-1 6-1
WINNERS/UNFORCED ERRORS
Halep – 20/28
Riske – 17/33
ACES/DOUBLE FAULTS
Halep – 0/1
Riske – 1/3
BREAK POINTS WON
Halep – 7/11
Riske – 4/7
FIRST SERVE PERCENTAGE
Halep – 53
Riske – 60
PERCENTAGE OF POINTS WON ON FIRST/SECOND SERVE
Halep – 68/45
Riske – 45/34
TOTAL POINTS
Halep – 80
Riske – 57
Gucci Bloom by Gucci.
Scent Art: Gucci Bloom by Gucci
Gucci Bloom by Gucci
To unveil its new fragrance, Gucci collaborated with Spanish artist Ignasi Monreal to create two wall art projects—in Lafayette Street in New York and Milan's Largo la Foppa—painting a giant rendition of the pink Gucci Bloom fragrance bottle and its box-packaging.
Available in Gucci stores in Mumbai, Delhi, Gurugram and Kolkata, December onwards, or on Gucci.com; $124 (around Rs8,100) for 100ml.
Men's Section: Beardo 22K Gold Limited Edition Beard Oil by Beardo
Beardo 22K Gold Limited Edition Beard Oil by Beardo
Apart from aloe vera and argan oil, this limited edition of 1,000 bottles of beard oil comes with 22-carat gold flakes.
At Beardo.in; Rs2,500.
Serious Toys: Instax Mini 70 by Michael Kors and Fujifilm
Instax Mini 70 by Michael Kors and Fujifilm
Launched at the Michael Kors Fall 2017 New York Fashion Week, this camera series comes in silver and gold versions, with the designer's signature on the camera door.
At Michaelkors.com; $149, plus shipping.
Home Bound: Kapadokya by Safomasi
Kapadokya by Safomasi
Inspired by the unique landscape of Cappadocia, Turkey—hot-air balloons and rock-cut caves—Safomasi launched its collection of quilts, rugs and table linen at Maison&Objet in Paris last month. Pictured here is the cushion series.
At Safomasi.com; Rs1,800-3,400.
Dress Circle Art: Vintage Ruffled Playsuit by PAUSE
Vintage Ruffled Playsuit by PAUSE
Co-founded by designers Neha Tham and Neha Modi, PAUSE is a women's clothing brand that opened a store in Mumbai recently. Their clothes are made of lyocell, a fibre made out of wood pulp, among other fabrics. Pictured here is the Vintage Ruffled Playsuit Grey.
At PAUSE, Pali village, Mumbai; Rs5,500.
***
By Invitation: Vanities
An ode to things you don't need but must have
Halen Môn Black Garlic Ketchup
This week: Halen Môn Black Garlic Ketchup
Things had been rather quiet for a while in ketchup kingdom.
The mood had been like London post-Brexit—sombre and directionless.
There were the odd innovations but nothing seismic, so to say.
Meanwhile, in the charming village of Anglesey, Alison and David Lea-Wilson decided to leave a saucepan full of Anglesey seawater to simmer away on their Aga. As the salt crystals started to form, the couple concluded that they had discovered the eighth wonder of the world: a bloody good salt.
Swift validation and certification followed. And their firm Halen Môn's salt was given the Protected Designation of Origin. Which put it in the same rarefied company as Champagne and Parma ham.
What gave them the sheen was the smoking process. And then, they were Blumenthaled. Heston suggested they try smoking the water for one of their dishes.
After several trials and tribulations, they perfected a condiment that is 100% natural and adds a distinctive depth of flavour to all the things it goes into.
One of which is the Black Garlic Ketchup.
Garlic has been having a wonderful time this past year.
Black Garlic, on the other hand, is made from cloves aged under charming conditions until they turn jet black and develop a stunning sticky texture. The flavour is a tad sweet, earthy and deep.
It is then blended with crushed tomatoes, balsamic vinegar, onions, olive oil, tomato purée, spices and Halen Môn's sea salt.
It is an umami-rich ketchup that gets along famously with red meats, chicken, scallops and anything that needs a culinary crutch.
With it, it is safe to say that ketchup's winter of discontent is over.
And your winter of deep content is smilingly wistfully at you.
A 250g bottle of Halen Môn's Black Garlic Ketchup is available for £5.95 or Rs532 at Harveynichols.com
Swapan Seth is CEO, Equus.
From: Don Burslam, Elm Road, Dewsbury Moor, Dewsbury.
WHAT an unholy mess our politicians have got us into. The future is as uncertain for the UK as it has ever been in peacetime and our combative political system means that shouting and posturing ensures that no improvement will appear on the horizon; quite the contrary.
Nevertheless, we are more fortunate than the Americans who were so ill-advised as to elect their worst president in history. Although our system is deeply flawed and ineffectual, we do avoid giving responsibility for our government to such dangerous incompetents as Donald Trump. Now it seems we must suck up to such menaces in the hope of a big trade deal. What a hope!
The situation cries out for more consensus in our politics over such problems as the NHS, housing and poverty pockets. This has got to be more sensible than the same old tired alternatives as giving the market free rein or more nationalisation.
As a first step, we could adopt PR which would render the system less confrontational. Germany has PR and they are doing alright.
From: Ian Oglesby, Stamford Bridge, York.
THREATS from the dictatorial EU are as unacceptable as the precedent of punishment promised because we are opting out of the planned United States of Europe and its abolition of nation states.
Our bright future outside the EU will be brighter still, without the inevitable chains and disadvantages of a Brussels-style Brexit agreement.
It is now blatantly obvious that no deal is better than a poor deal or indeed years of protracted arrangements, tantamount to circumventing and jeopardising our clear referendum results.
From: D Wood, Howden.
THE picture from the latest EU summit with the British Prime Minister pushed to the back shows the absolute contempt which the EU has for Great Britain. How much more of this humiliation are our political leaders going to take from these so-called “friends”?
We don't need their permission to leave. We should walk away now and return to WTO rules.
From: Allan Davies, Augusta Park, Grimsby.
ON a briefing paper on June 3, 2015, all MPs and members of the Lords were told that the referendum was advisory only and would not be binding.
That is clear enough. Why pretend otherwise?
A record number of runners took part in the annual Telstra South West Academy of Sport Fun Run on Saturday morning.
A record number of runners took part in the annual Telstra South West Academy of Sport Fun Run on Saturday morning.
A record number of runners took part in the annual Telstra South West Academy of Sport Fun Run on Saturday morning.
More than 280 competitors ran around the Leschenault Inlet for the charity run, which aims to raise money for SWAS athletes and its programs.
SWAS chief executive officer Bernice Butlion hailed the event a success.
“There were perfect conditions for running,” they said.
“It was so rewarding that everyone, young or old, gave it a go.
“It is exciting to see that the community supports us.”
Runners take off from the starting line in Saturday's Telstra South West Academy of Sport Fun Run. Picture: Teneille Watson
Mrs Butlion said they were still counting the money raised from the run.
They said the organisation would look to hold the fun run again next year.
Singapore Airlines said it would launch the world's longest commercial flight in October, a near-19 hour non-stop journey from Singapore to the New York area.
India's 175 gigawatt push for clean energy from sources such as solar and wind and record low tariffs will also help contribute to low carbon emissions. Photo: Bloomberg
China and India accounted for half of the 1% growth in global energy demand in 2016. This was only around half the average growth rate of the past decade, according to the BP Statistical Review of World Energy released on Tuesday. India maintained its energy demand growth at 5.4%, with the jump in global oil consumption driven primarily by India and Europe.
While low Brent crude oil prices, averaging $44 a barrel in 2016, helped global oil consumption increase by 1.6%, or 1.6 million barrels a day (mmb/d), they also impacted oil production, which rose by just 0.5% , the lowest since 2009. India continued to be the only large economy where demand for crude oil continued to rise; 2016 saw strong demand from India (up 0.3mmb/d) and Europe (up 0.3mmb/d), which supported this increase in consumption. This could help India press its demand for a discount for the large volumes it imports from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec) grouping.
The US's support for coal may have come a tad late in the day, with the review's 66th annual edition stating that the world has changed for the fuel. Coal's share of primary energy production was down to its lowest since 2004 due to a fall in consumption by the US and China.
Green energy stepped in to offset the fall in coal usage, ensuring carbon emissions stayed flat for the third year. While providing only 4% of total primary energy, renewables represented almost a third of the total growth in energy demand in 2016. Renewables grew by 12%, becoming the fastest growing of all energy sources, with China contributing over 40% of global growth and surpassing the US to become the largest producer of renewable power. India's 175 gigawatt push for clean energy from sources such as solar and wind and record low tariffs will also help contribute to low carbon emissions.
2016 was the third consecutive year which saw subdued growth in carbon emissions. China's carbon emissions are estimated to have actually fallen over the past two years after growing by more than 75% in the previous 10 years. This assumes importance, given China's aspirations to take over the mantle of global leadership in the fight against climate change following the US's withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement.
A new fast-casual Greek eatery has opened for business in the Wells Street Market food hall. The fresh arrival to the Loop, called Piggie Smalls , is located at 205 W. Wacker Drive.It's helmed by chef Jimmy Bannos Jr. of the Purple Pig who made news last year after earning a spot on People's list of the sexiest chefs, per Eater Chicago Grab a gyro sandwich, bowl or salad with pork, beef tenderloin and chicken as protein options. Other small bites like hummus, Greek fries and whipped feta are available as well. Check out the full menu here Piggie Smalls has garnered a five-star rating out of three reviews on Yelp.James P., who reviewed the new spot on June 26, wrote, "Can't decide between the chicken or beef tenderloin, both are so good I had to eat both. The whipped feta makes for a nice sauce, the fries and seasoning are on point."Yelper Martina C. added , "The staff was great and the food was as expected, amazing. The biggest surprise was how affordable it all was for the location and considering the portion of the food."Piggie Smalls is open from 11 a.m.-7 p.m. Monday-Friday.
ROCKY HILL, Conn. (WTNH) — Rocky Hill police are investigating what is being called an untimely death on Monday.
According to police, officers responded just after 3 p.m. to a residence on Elm Street for a report of an unconscious man.
Officers located a deceased male inside of a motor vehicle with what police believe was a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
The cause of death is currently under investigation.
Police say this was an isolated incident and that there was never any threat to the public.
The name of the deceased has not been released.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A pregnant mum has become an internet sensation after trying to induce labour through high-tempo dancing - and filming it.
Dance teacher April Stuart Macrae admitted they were in agony as they filmed themselves dancing maniacally to try to induce their baby's birth .
The footage shows them dancing around their bedroom heavily pregnant, manically throwing themselves into various dance moves as they gyrate and throws their arms around.
April has also revealed she'd also tried other methods of making their baby arrive.
They said: "I went to the hospital in the morning and they said they thought I was in the early stages of labour because of the pain I was in.
"I was running out of ideas to induce it. I'd tried a hot curry and raspberry leaf tea as well as going on my ball but nothing worked.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
"My friend said 'just dance it out' so I went in my room and just started dancing and going for it. I thought I'd film myself for a laugh."
April, 24, from Old Kilpatrick, near Glasgow - who once performed with their group Gurlesque at an after-show party for JLS and used to be in a girlband called Sweet Injection - sent their video out to friends including their friend Dione Gibson, the Daily Record reports.
They said: "My friends were howling and Dione thought it would be fun to put it on Facebook."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
April, who has their own dance studio in Clydebank and a dance troupe called April's Street Feet, is now still counting down the hours to have their baby, which is officially due in 10 days' time.
They added: "I was in agony and knackered.
"But I thought it might help me go into labour.
"I'm not looking forward to giving birth because I've heard it's painful, although you soon forget it, but I don't want to wait for my baby.
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
"It's totally ripe and ready to come down."
They also told pals online: "Comeee onnnn babyyy!!
"Make an appearance tonight or tomorrow!
"Mummies SICK of being fat n pregnant."
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
Throughout their pregnancy, April has continued to teach dance and they intend to start boogieing again straight after too.
They said: "My dance class got through to Britain's Got Talent so I was teaching them throughout my pregnancy and we now have the World Championships coming up.
"My baby had better be a dancer. I'll be dancing with it as early as possible. My partner Ross Mclafferty thinks it's great."
Fort Worth police want to question a man who might have witnessed or have information about the assault of a 13-year-old girl as they walked to their school bus stop last week.
The girl remains in critical condition at Cook Children's Medical Center, police said.
" ...And due to that medical condition, investigators have not been able to speak to her," Sgt. Chris Britt said.
The assault occurred early on April 19 near the bus stop at Calmont Avenue and Laredo Drive in the Las Vegas Trial neighborhood of west Fort Worth. They managed to get away from their assailant and onto the school bus. The bus driver called 911.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
During a news conference Tuesday morning, Fort Worth police released a photo and video footage of the "person of interest" they're seeking to interview.
Britt said the man is not a suspect, but is believed to have been in the immediate vicinity and may have seen or heard something.
The person of interest is described as a white male between 5-8 and 5-10, weighing about 200 pounds, with dark, medium length hair and a thin beard and mustache. They were wearing a gray shirt, jeans and a dark cap worn backward, along with a dark backpack with a distinctive pattern on it.
Police continue to look for witnesses and are not concerned with potential witnesses' warrants or criminal history, Britt said.
The suspect has been described as a white or Hispanic man, 30 to 40 years old, wearing a light-colored shirt and dark pants. The girl was able to fight off the attacker before they fled, police have said.
Community volunteers have been patrolling mornings and afternoons around neighborhood schools, including Western Hills Primary, Western Hills Elementary and the International Newcomer Academy, which the girl attends.
Who to call
Police ask anyone who recognizes the man to contact the Major Case Unit at 817-392-4430 or Crime Stoppers at 817-469-8477.
NATIONAL
Photos released by the Seoul National University Human Rights Centers shows former Korean sex slaves in Chuuk Islands, who are believed to have been coerced into sex slavery during the war in which Korea was under colonial rule by Japan. (SNU Human Rights Center)
Dozens of Koreans held on the Chuuk Islands are presumed to have been sex slaves for Japanese troops during World War II, Seoul Metropolitan Government said Monday, a new discovery that researchers say supports existing evidence and testimony of Japan's brutal trafficking of women to front-line brothels.The Chuuk Islands, previously known as the Truk Islands, comprised Japan's main base in the South Pacific from 1939 to 1945. Truk was a heavily fortified base for Japanese operations against Allied forces in New Guinea and the Solomon Islands, serving as the forward anchorage for the Japanese Imperial Fleet.According to the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seoul National University Human Rights Center, at least 26 Koreans were forcibly taken to the islands, which they found by obtaining a list of the people onboard the Escort Ikino -- a vessel that carried 368 passengers in 1943 en route to the Chuuk Islands.They said records from daily logs written by American soldiers, articles and photos from the New York Times published on March 1946 also proved that there were Korean sex slaves on the Chuuk Islands.The SNU Human Rights Center, which has been searching for evidence on Japanese wartime sexual enslavement, said it was the first discovery that proves the testimony of Lee Bok-soon, a late sex-trafficking survivor who claimed to have been taken there. Lee, one of 239 government-registered survivors, died in 2011.Little had been known about Koreans on the Chuuk Islands at that time and many researchers have assumed that some Koreans might have been coerced into forced labor there to construct the Japanese base or work at military brothels, the center said.Professor Chung Jin-seong from the SNU Human Rights Center, who led the search, said they went through every certification of family register and interviewed family members and neighbors to confirm a photo of a woman presumed to be taken on the island was Lee.In addition, the city government said it discovered evidence of another sex slavery victim, Ha Bok-hyang, who had said they were coerced to the Japanese wartime brothel, but died before being recognized by the government as a victim.Sixteen years after their death, Ha has now been confirmed as a sex slavery victim following the center's discovery of interrogation records of prisoners from the Japanese wartime base in the Philippines. The center also compared a photo, birthday, address and fingerprints to prove that Ha was a sex-trafficking survivor.Ha did not speak about their damage until 2001, when they shared their experience with the Korea Chongshindae's Institute. They died 10 days later.A total 239 former sex slaves were registered based on available evidence, but many civic groups and researchers say the number is well above that.“We believe that there are still many other sex slavery victims, but not officially recognized in our society. The city government will join hands with experts and scholars to continue to search evidence on the Japanese wartime sexual enslavement,” said Eom Gyu-sook, head of the city government's Women and Family Policy Affairs division.As of July 2017, 38 recognized former wartime sex slaves remain alive, according to government data.Up to 200,000 women, many from Korea, then a colony of Japan, are believed to have been coerced into sex slavery during the war.By Kim Da-sol ( ddd@heraldcorp.com
What Happens When Parents And Children Are Separated At The U.S.-Mexico Border With stories of family separation at the border in the news, NPR's Audie Cornish speaks with Denise Gilman, the lawyer for a one woman who's in detention, thousands of miles from their two sons who crossed the border with them
Vieth, a Waterloo city councillor, likes that you can still find local merchants in town where German is spoken.
But every year, there are fewer of them. Every year, there is less German spoken at home.
In this region's history there have been several waves of German-speaking immigrants. The last came right after the Second World War, when Germany was in tatters.
Time marches on. Decades ago, you would overhear German spoken in the street, at the farmers' markets, in coffee shops. It's rare to hear that now.
I bet most people around here couldn't even pronounce the famous Oktoberfest word, "Gemütlichkeit," let alone tell you that it means good cheer and friendliness.
The 2016 census made it official. English is by far the most commonly spoken language in Waterloo Region. German used to be in second place, but in 2016 it fell to third place, behind Mandarin. There were 6,170 German-speakers compared with 6,885 people speaking Mandarin.
It's a sign that immigration patterns have changed, and so has Waterloo Region. Many university students, teachers and technology experts have moved here from China. What do Onkel Hans and Tante Frieda say to them?
Vieth says it's important to engage more of the community and keep the marketing fresh and innovative. But beyond that, "why would you change your traditional celebrations?" they said.
Oktoberfest is the most iconic festival for this area. It definitely packs a punch when it comes to bringing in out-of-town visitors.
But the annual Multicultural Festival, held in Kitchener's Victoria Park at the end of June each year, which is a celebration of culture and food from many different ethnic groups, is much more inclusive.
And the New Hamburg Mennonite Relief Sale, where quilts are auctioned off to fund relief, development and peace work all over the world, is much more reflective of the values of the first settlers who built Kitchener and Waterloo.
Tradition is powerful. But do we really want to become like New York City's Little Italy, where tourists flock to eat, but where almost no actual Italian-Americans live? Because that's where we're heading.
ldamato@therecord.com , Twitter: @DamatoRecord
The heatwave may have disappeared - but don't worry, there's another one on the way!
Another spell of unseasonably sweltering weather is destined to hit Leeds and Yorkshire, according to forecasters The Weather Channel.
Sunshine
-> Dad ditches 10,000 calories a day diet and loses six stone
According to their forecasts, 'sunny skies and springtime heat' will make a comeback soon and temperatures as high as 20 degrees C could be possible in some parts of Britain by id-May.
But before then, we're going to have to put up with rain, wind and even some frost and sleet!
Amy Hodgson, forecaster of The Weather Channel, said brief bursts of sunshine and April showers will be a prevalent feature across the UK over the coming days.
They added: "It will be breezy with temperatures around normal for the time of the year during the start of the week in the westerly wind off the Atlantic.
"However, temperatures will drop to slightly below normal from mid-week onwards in a north-westerly wind.
"There is also a risk of a scattered grass frost in sheltered places Thursday and Friday night."
-> Yorkshire motorists left baffled by yellow dust coating cars - and how not to remove it
Here comes the sun (again)
But don't despair, because the hot weather will return in mid-May.
Sarah Sammy, forecaster of The Weather Channel, said: "High pressure over central Europe will drift eastward and another area of high pressure will build over the North Atlantic.
"During this time, an area of low pressure in between will split, and the smaller low will stall for a while near the Bay of Biscay and pump up warmer air over the UK."
Current forecasts indicate that temperatures over London will be between 15.5 and 19.5 C on May 2, when conditions should become drier and brighter.
But they said that "as we near the time, we can narrow down that range."
BUSINESS
Samsung and LG washers displayed at a mart in Los Angeles (Yonhap)
If a US safeguard is implemented on products manufactured by South Korean appliance makers, the number of washing machines imported to the country is expected to half, according to a report compiled by a US trade watchdog.In the final report on its Section 201 investigation to US President Donald Trump last week, the US International Trade Commission stated that a broad tariff will increase the retail prices of large residential washers (LRW) sold in the US market compared to 2016 while benefitting the US industry in terms of sales, revenue and profits.“Under our recommended remedy of a 50 percent tariff ad valorem on imports over 1.2 million units, the economic model predicts that import volume would decline by over half and import prices would increase by almost a third relative to 2016 levels,” the ITC stated in the report.The report which contains the watchdog's final recommendations, was made public last Wednesday, local time, after being sent to the White House two days earlier.But the report also suggested that the safeguard would not disrupt two South Korean firms' plans to build plants in the US.“At the same time, our recommended action would do little to hinder LG's and Samsung's plans to construct new LRW production facilities in the United States in the short term,” it said. “As already discussed, our recommended TRQ on imports of LRWs will permit LG and Samsung to maintain a presence in the US market sufficient to support the ramping up of their planned US plants.”The panel has recommended imposing a graduated tariff rate on imports of large residential washing machines in excess of the 1.2 million-unit quota over the next three years. The panel has recommended a 50 percent tariff on the first year, 49 percent in 2019 and 48 percent in 2020.The panel said, based on its study, that the 1.2 million quota will increase retail prices of washers by one third due to a decrease in imports.The recommendation came after months of investigations into washers manufactured by Samsung and LG. The probe began after a petition filed by US companies including Whirlpool and GE, urging the administration to impose a 50 percent tariff on all imported washers to the US.LG and Samsung proposed to raise the in-quota level at 1.45 million units but was rejected by the US panel.“The in-quota volume level proposed by LG and Samsung, 1.45 million units, is around half the peak level of import volume in 2016, when the domestic industry's operating losses also peaked,” the panel said.The panel also declined to take Samsung and LG's proposal not to impose import restriction on covered parts. The ITC has suggested a separate tariff rate quota with an in-quota volume level of 50,000 units.Samsung and LG, however, kept their stance that they regret such recommendations and that it would eventually lead to an increase in product price and limit consumer choices.President Trump has to decide whether to take the recommendation within 60 days. The White House is reportedly waiting for another recommendation by US Trade Representatives likely to be delivered around mid-January, according to watchers.By Cho Chung-un (christory@heraldcorp.com)
HOLIDAY SHORES, IL (KPLR)- A Madison County, IL bar and restaurant is back open after a truck crashed through its outer wall on Monday. Gilliganz Bar & Grill, located on St James Drive, north of Edwardsville Illinois, says that a husband and wife stopped in for lunch when the man accidentally hit the gas pedal instead of the brake on their Ford F-150, shooting the pick-up right through the wall.
No one inside the truck or inside the restaurant was injured. The hole is now boarded up and the restaurant is open.
Pictures on the Gilliganz Bar & Grill Facebook page show they have a sense of humor about the incident.
Have your say
It was a good day for Greetham Valley Golf Club at the Lincolnshire Junior County Championships at Spalding.
Ellie Haughton retained the girls title while 13 year-old Isabella Condie won the trophy for the most improved junior and Yasmin Bass won the prize for the girls 13-hole competition.
Burghley Park's Sanjay Nithiyalingam was fifth in the boys championship with rounds of 76 and 78.
ELTON FURZE
Seniors
Stableford: Division One - 1 D. Pope 36pts; 2 F. Mullinger 32pts. Division Two - 1 D. Gibb 34pts; 2 S. Dury 32pts. Division Three - 1 F. Barber 36pts; 2 T. Jones 32pts.
Rudkin Salver: 1 S. Dibble/P. Bolden 44pts; 2 J. Ross/R. L. Hall 42pts.
Men
Midweek Medal: 1 M. Forge net 74; 2 T. Cummings net 75.
Ladies
Elton Furze 3, Peterborough Milton 1 (Eltin Furze names first): J. Walters/L. King halved with R. Cuthbert/A. Lowery; J. Elliott/J. Ross halved with K. Trevor/l. McFarlane; L. Johnson/D. Franklin beat C. Hunt/A. Dewhurst 2 up; O. Wentworth/L. Titheridge beat L. Gill/E. Mankelow 3&2.
Paul Montier Trophy: 1 A. Cousins 69; 2 R. Bunnage 70.
GREETHAM VALLEY
Men
Qualifying Competition: 1 Adam Smith 43pts; 2 David Bull 43pts; 3 James Langdon 40pts.
Ladies
Pat Holloway Trophy: 1 Pat Jamieson 35pts; 2 Sophie Beardsall 34pts; 3 Angela Wheeler 32pts.
Midweek Qualifier: 1 Peggy Smith 33pts; 2 Bryony Batch 32pts; 3 Margaret Littlemore 32pts.
PETERBOROUGH MILTON
Men
Midweek Stableford: Division One - 1 Matthew Reed 44pts; 2 Chris Savage 35pts; 3 Christopher Lightfoot 35pts. Division Two - 1 Andy Izod 35pts; 2 Sean Johnston 34pts; 3 Hamish Leeds 34pts. Division Three - 1 Steve Williams 43pts; 2 Michael Raftis 37pts; 3 Peter Hume 34pts.
Ladies
Coronation Trophy: 1 Jade Roberts 64; 2 Janet Seconde 74.
May Weekend Medal: 1 Janet Goodall 72; 2 Elaine Mankelow 77.
May Weekday Medal: 1 Sandra Stout 72; 2 Phyl Cook 74.
Fourball Betterball Trophy: 1 Christine MaCleod /Jannette Hill 45pts; 2 Carol Dunn/ Linda Gill 42pts.
Coronation Foursomes: 1 Marion Cox/Ann Parkin 35pts; 2 Suezanne Evans/Helen Crawford 33pts; 3 Sandra Stout/Lesley McFarlane 32pts
NENE PARK
Men
9 Hole Evening Summer League: Division One - 1 Anant Maher net 34; 2 Michael Marot net 36; 3 Martin Gee net 37. Division Two - 1 Stuart Evans net 34; 2 Michael Brooks net 36; 3 Iain Caville nett 37.
P'boro Mini Golf Summer League: Division One - 1 Mark Turnbull 36pts; 2 Michael Marot 36pts; 3 Lucas Bickers 35pts. Division Two - 1 Michael Brooks 44pts; 2 Minas Kassam 41pts; 3 Stuart Evans 31pts.
Ladies
Monthly Stableford: 1 Karen Martins 41pts; 2 Jayne Davis 37pts; 3 Sue Matthews 33pts.
epa05695293 A flock of starlings flies in formation in the Jordan Valley, Israel, 02 January 2017. EPA/ABIR SULTAN
Kohli lauds milestone man Yuvraj
Ahead of their 300th ODI appearance for India, the "outstanding" Yuvraj Singh has been lauded by their captain Virat Kohli.
by Omnisport News 14 Jun 2017, 19:00 IST
Virat Kohli celebrates with Yuvraj Singh
Virat Kohli heaped praise on team-mate Yuvraj Singh, who will make their 300th one-day international outing for India against Bangladesh in the ICC Champions Trophy semi-final.
Defending champions India face their neighbours at Edgbaston on Thursday, seeking to retain the trophy they lifted after defeating England in the showpiece four years ago.
The first of Yuvraj's 299 ODI caps came way back October 2000, and the dangerous left-hander would likely have reached the 300 mark long ago had they not been diagnosed with cancer in 2012, which played a part in their absence from the 50-over format for over three years.
Having won that personal battle, Yuvraj is back with a vengeance and their captain was quick to sing their praises ahead of reaching the milestone.
"His contribution to cricket has been outstanding," Kohli said in Wednesday's media conference.
"He's been a total match winner for India, won so many big tournaments in big cities, and this is just a testimony to the kind of talent they possess.
"You obviously need to have all those things in place to be able to play 300 games for India, and I congratulate him.
"I wish them all the very best, and hopefully they can play a lot more for us and get in those match-winning performances all over again, and I hope tomorrow is a special one for him."
.@imVkohli reclaims No.1 spot in the latest ICC ODI Player Rankings pic.twitter.com/5fPeAyQLy1 — BCCI (@BCCI) June 13, 2017
Kohli, who suggested it was unlikely India would make any changes to the XI that routed South Africa to reach the last four, was also complimentary towards Thursday's opponents, who have become a force to be reckoned with in white-ball cricket.
"It's no surprise anymore to anyone that they are [doing] really well, and they've really improved their cricket, and it's a credit to their set-up and the kind of players they have now who are taking more responsibility, and they are a very dangerous side on their day, and everyone realises that," they said.
"You know, no one takes any opposition for granted, and Bangladesh have taken huge strides. They themselves said that in the last couple years.
"In the World Cup 2015 they were really, really good. You can never take any opposition for granted and credit goes to them for doing what they are doing with their cricket over the last couple of years."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A multi-million pound plan to return bears to ancient woodland on the outskirts of Bristol has been given the go ahead.
South Gloucestershire Council has approved the ambitious £5million scheme, which was put forward by conservationists at Wild Place Project earlier this year.
The council's approval means the scheme - called Bear Wood - could reopen in time for next summer, and will house brown bears as well as lynx, wolves and wolverine in woodlands.
Nigel Simpson, head of operations at Wild Place Project, said: “We are thrilled to announce we have been given the go-ahead for this scheme.
(Image: Wild Place Project)
“Wild Place Project is continuously growing and the new Bear Wood addition will mean that guests can get closer to these species in a natural setting and see how they once would have lived alongside each other.
“We have been planning Bear Wood for a long time now and it's really exciting to see it come to fruition.”
When it eventually opens, visitors will be able to walk through the wood - which covers approximately seven and a half acres - on a raised path that winds through the trees.
Five European grey wolves, already at Wild Place Project, will be moved to a new home in the wood which they will share alongside brown bears, lynx and wolverine.
Bristol Zoo has already received donations from generous benefactors and sponsors towards the cost of the scheme but still needs more than £1.5million to make it a reality.
Aside from the bears and wildlife, the woods will also include a café and a classroom.
All of the buildings will be constructed to blend in with their surroundings.
Project coordinator Rebecca Cole added: “We have made great efforts to ensure that Bear Wood will blend in its surroundings and allow our visitors to see bears, lynx, wolves and wolverine in a natural environment.
“But this is also about telling the story of these woods from centuries ago to the present day.”
Woods, similar to those at Wild Place Project, once covered as much as 75 per cent of Britain but have been steadily cut down for building, housing, fuel, growing crops and making paper.
Today, such woods cover just two per cent of the country.
Dr Christoph Schwitzer, director of conservation at Bristol Zoological Society which owns and runs Wild Place Project, said they were delighted that planning approval had been granted.
They said: “Bear Wood will provide an experience like no other in Britain. For the first time in generations, people will be able to see brown bears in England in what would have been their natural habitat.”
If you would like to donate to the Bear Wood appeal, contact Richard Rollings at rrollings@bzsociety.org.uk or Kate Smith at kate.smith@bzsociety.org.uk
Seeing as though Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's wedding is on the horizon, it's no surprise that there's a new detail about the pair's big event released every day. The very latest on the royal wedding front has to do with a very important pre-wedding decision. Prince Harry and Meghan Markle won't have a prenup, according to the Daily Mail, because Harry reportedly didn't want to sign one. A Daily Mail source went on to say that there's a really good reason for the reported move. (Bustle reached out to a rep for Kensington Palace who had no comment.)
It didn't seem like a prenuptial agreement between Harry and Markle was ever truly in the cards for them, as the publication reported. According to a source, who is credited as being a friend of Harry's, "There was never any question in Harry's mind that they would sign a prenup." They added, "He's determined that their marriage will be a lasting one, so there's no need for them to sign anything."
If true, that sounds like a fair reason to refuse a pre-nup. It's likely that the decision is being presented as being up to the prince because of their status as a member of the royal family and their large fortune. The Daily Mail reported that Harry's net worth is around $42 million. Although, Markle probably wouldn't be hurting for the royal family's fortune, as she's done just fine for themselves on the money front. The publication went on to say that their fortune, from their acting career, is around $5.6 million.
Anyway, not having a prenup isn't be out of line with royal tradition. As the Daily Mail went on to note, neither Prince Charles (with their marriage to the late Princess Diana) nor Prince William went through with a prenuptial agreement before their weddings.
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
However, it's not as though this is a royal tradition held elsewhere around the world. For one example, Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden reportedly signed an agreement with their husband, Prince Daniel, before their 2010 wedding, per The Local. Denmark's Crown Prince Frederik and Princess Mary also reportedly signed a pre-nuptial agreement in advance of their 2004 wedding (and were said to have amended the details in it after their nuptials), according to The Daily Telegraph.
It seems like Harry's prenup decision might be more in line with a British trend than anything else. As Us Weekly reported when the pair's engagement was first announced in November 2017, attorney Julian Hawkhead not only noted that the prince would be unlikely to sign an agreement because of their family's past examples, but would also be unlikely because it's not as common a practice in the United Kingdom. Hawkhead told the publication "They [pre-nuptial agreements] do not have the same weight as the Hollywood prenups and divorces you may read about all the time nor will they include penalty clauses for bad behavior."
WPA Pool/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
Besides this reported decision, Harry and Markle have been incredibly busy preparing for their wedding. On March 6, the bride-to-be took a major step in order to prepare for their new role in the British Royal Family. According to E! News, the former actor was baptized in a private ceremony performed by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby. The Archbishop later revealed a bit about the special event in an interview with ITV News. Although, they couldn't say too much, they said that the ceremony was "beautiful, sincere, and very moving."
The pair also reached another milestone in advance of their wedding on March 14. According to the Daily Mail, Queen Elizabeth gave them formal consent to the couple's marriage. Because of the Succession of the Crown Act 2013, the first six people in line to the throne (which includes Harry, at fifth in line to the crown) need the monarch's permission to marry in order to retain all titles, as the article stated.
Harry and Markle have been quite busy in preparation for their big day. And now, it seems like one of the only things left for them to do is say their "I do's" during what will be an undoubtedly amazing ceremony on May 19.
Network World increasingly has been writing about companies transforming their businesses via the Internet of Things rather than just tracking the latest IoT vendor announcements. But after taking a spin through our ongoing and interactive startup funding timeline, we figured it was a good time to round up some of the latest startups to rein in venture capital for their IoT-related businesses.
Among these newcomers is TrackNet, which has only been around since October, but is already gearing up to introduce its first products (end-to-end IoT offerings for enterprise and consumer applications) at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, which runs Feb. 27-March 2. CEO and Co-founder Hardy Schmidbauer previously served as director of wireless and IoT at semiconductor vendor Semtech and was a key contributor to the formation of the LoRa Alliance, whose members are working to establish the LoRaWAN protocol as an Internet of Things connectivity standard. Schmidbauer sees a big opportunity for startups like theirs in that “established vendors have been slow to develop end-to-end solutions. They are all participating in some limited fashion to see how the market evolves and what traction they get, which gives the opportunity to start-ups to move faster and get traction.”
TrackNet TrackNet CEO Hardy Schmidbauer: "For Enterprise and [low-power WAN] we believe the long-term killer application is low cost asset tracking"
MORE: 7 Internet of Things companies to watch | 10 Internet of Things companies to watch
Schmidbauer anticipates a big acquisition cycle once startups do get traction of their own. That could be welcome news for some of these IoT companies to watch…
(As always, we've narrowed down our list -- which is not intended to be all-inclusive -- by restricting it to those vendors that have announced venture funding over the past year and that have an enterprise focus.)
ClearObject
Founded: 2010
Headquarters: Fishers, Ind.
Funding: $21.9 million, including $9M in Series E funding in April of 2016
Focus: ClearObject, which until last month was known as CloudOne, is starting off the new year by rebranding itself as “more than just a cloud services company” and rather, an Internet of Things-focused business. The company is led by CEO John McDonald, a longtime IBMer who also co-authored a book with a colleague a couple of years back called “How IoT is Made: Will Your Company be a Victor or a Victim of the Internet of Things?” ClearObject aims to help organizations adapt and manage Internet connected devices, from household appliances to medical gear, and make the most of the data collected. ClearObject's services include developing and testing new IoT designs as well as providing secure hosting for IoT and legacy apps.
CyberX
Founded: 2013
Headquarters: Framingham, Mass.
Funding: $11 million, including a $9 million round announced in August that was led by Flint Capital.
Focus: Via its flagship XSense offering, this company provides security for the industrial IoT, providing both real-time visibility and historical forensics to customers in fields such as energy, transportation and manufacturing. The company last year also introduced an automated vulnerability assessment offering for industrial networks and has a team of researchers who keep an eye on emerging threats and spread the word to help organizations protect themselves (such as from a zero-day vulnerability discovered in a commonly used industrial firewall). CyberX is active in both the Industrial Internet Consortium and Industrial Control Systems Information Sharing and Analysis Center. Co-founders Omer Schneider (CEO) and Nir Giller (CTO) both gained significant experience in cybersecurity during careers with the Israel Defense Forces.
Kepler
Founded: 2015
Headquarters: Toronto
Funding: $5M in seed funding announced in August, including from NFL Hall of Famer Joe Montana's fund.
Focus: This startup formed by a team of University of Toronto grad students is building a network of “low-cost nanosatellites” (i.e. “cell phone towers in space”) and narrowband-enabled base stations intended to support booming machine-to-machine communications demands with an alternative to on-the-ground infrastructure. The company hopes to have two satellites operational this year and a service available shortly thereafter. Intelligent shipping, smart agriculture, connected transportation and remote telematics are among possible applications to be supported via Kepler's global satellite communications services.
Mist
Founded: 2014
Headquarters: Cupertino
Funding: $43 million, including $28M in Series B fundin in October of 2016 led by GV.
Focus: Mist boldly refers to itself as “a pioneer in smart wireless networking for the smart device era” – and those smart devices include IoT gear, such as HVAC systems. The company, which emerged from stealth mode last June, offers wireless access points powered by cloud-based subscription services for enabling sophisticated enterprise network management and location-based apps. The access points have IoT sensors that are used to collect data from other IoT systems, providing the potential for a more streamlined information analysis process. And because the same infrastructure is used for Wi-Fi and Bluetooth Low Energy, “we can bring contextual mobility data to the IoT experience,” says VP of Marketing Jeff Aaron. “For example, we can detect who is in a conference room and adjust temperature based on peoples' preferences, or we can leverage a combination of motion sensors and BLE location data to accurately track assets in a hospital (e.g. wheelchairs and infusion pumps) with room level accuracy, etc.”
(MORE on Mist: Why one Cisco shop is willing to give Wi-Fi startup Mist a shot)
Roambee
Founded: 2013
Headquarters: Santa Clara
Funding: $6.55 million, including $4.1M from Deutsche Telekom Strategic Investments in January.
Roambee The Roambee Bee
Focus: This software and hardware startup describes itself as an “Internet of Things supply chain and enterprise asset visibility company” that can help customers make better decisions. Its ruggedized smartphone-sized Bee wireless locators use sensors to monitor assets in the field or in transit and enable real-time data access and analyzation via the cloud, and according to Roambee, its 100-plus customers include the likes of Cisco, Nestle and Unilever. Roambee's technology synchs up with ERP and other legacy software, and the company also has a key partnership with investor Deutsche Telekom's T-Systems IT and communication services company to deliver its pay-as-you-go offering.
TrackNet
Founded: 2016
Headquarters: Rapperswil, Switzerland (with an office in Sunnyvale, Calif.)
Funding: Received $7M in Series A funding in January from Minol Zenner Group and Gemtek Corp.
Focus: TrackNet is building IoT sensors, gateways and apps designed to work on low-power wide-area networks (LPWAN) adhering to the LoRaWAN specification. The first offerings are targeted at enterprise facility and property management and consumers, CEO Hardy Schmidbauer says, and “will create LPWAN network coverage at very attractive CAPEX/OPEX compared to deploying a network solely based on towers.” The name TrackNet comes from the company's belief that the long-term killer app in this market is low-cost asset tracking.
MORE: Storage tank operator turns to IoT for energy savings
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol's roads are exceptionally busy these days, and finding a good spot to park - or any spot at all - is a tricky affair.
Not to mention the sky-high charges for using any of the city's car parks.
But as well as this, with prolific gangs of motorbike thieves operating across the city, worrying about whether or not you have left your vehicles in a safe spot becomes a concern.
An interactive map has been created which shows the car crime hotspots in Bristol.
This comes as Co-op Insurance reveals there was a marked increase in car crime across the UK in the past year.
The 20% rise in car crime has led the insurer to say it wanted to help people "make sensible choices as to where to park their car".
Below is its online Park Smart gadget, which shows people where the car crime hot spots are in their area.
Users simply enter their postcode from anywhere across England and Wales and the Park Smart tool will highlight the risk level in each area based on vehicle theft, theft from a vehicle and vandalism.
Click here for Bristol's interactive car crime hotspot map View fullscreen
Areas are colour coded red, orange or yellow to make it easy for users to identify areas of concern, reports Liverpool Echo .
James Hillon, director of products at Co-op Insurance, said: “Year-on-year, we see a 20% increase in car thefts across the UK.
"Our tool will allow drivers to make safer choices about parking and, in turn, help to keep communities safe.”
As well as choosing a parking space with low crime rates, Co-op Insurance advises that motorists should park close to other cars; turn wheels towards surrounding vehicles; turn wheels towards the curb; park on main roads or near shops and restaurants; and, if you have a steering lock, use it.
Mr Hilton said: "Furthermore, it's advised that drivers keep bags and coats out of sight as criminals could mistake them for concealing valuables. Any paperwork which includes identity should also be kept from view."
DETROIT (AP) - Audi is recalling about 1.2 million cars and SUVs worldwide because the electric coolant pumps can overeat and possibly cause a fire.
The recall covers the 2013 to 2016 A4, the 2013 to 2017 A5, the 2012 to 2015 A6, and the Q5 SUV from 2013 to 2017. All have 2-Liter turbocharged engines.
The Volkswagen luxury brand says in U.S. government documents that the pumps can become blocked with cooling system debris, or moisture in the pump can cause an electrical short. No reports of fires are listed.
Dealers will replace the pumps at no cost to owners. An Audi spokesperson in the U.S. said Tuesday that redesigned parts won't be ready until November, but dealers will install a new version of the current pump until the redesigned ones are available.
Audi recalled the same vehicles last year and dealers did a software update. But the company says in documents posted Tuesday by the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration that pump problems continued.
Audi will send out recall letters on or before June 11.
A Look At What Would Happen If Trump Doesn't Certify The Iran Nuclear Deal Next week is critical in the Trump administration's vow to redo the Iran nuclear deal. Options are being prepared for the president to announce by Friday. Here's a look at how they could play out.
OTTAWA — The federal government says the Canadian public broadly supports the tight regulations it has proposed for marijuana packaging, which will include a bright red stop sign emblazoned with a pot leaf and the letters THC.
Health Canada unveiled the results Monday of a 60-day consultation around its proposed regulations, in which it emphasized a focus on reducing the appeal of marijuana to youth and preventing accidental consumption.
The proposed regulations would require logos to be a single colour, with no metallic or fluorescent finishes. Packages would have to be opaque and child-resistant, with a bright yellow health warning similar to those used on tobacco products.
"We are taking a public health approach to legalizing and regulating cannabis, and we are committed to keeping cannabis out of the hands of children and youth," Health Minister Ginette Petitpas Taylor said in a statement.
"Measures such as the packaging and labelling requirements announced today will help to achieve this goal."
Packaging would also have to describe how much active ingredient is contained in the product, including THC and cannabidiol.
Cannabis legislation is currently before Parliament and none of the regulations are final until approved by legislators. Once approved, the restrictions will apply immediately to recreational marijuana, while a Health Canada official says medical marijuana packaging will be granted a six-month window to comply.
The consultation received more than 3,200 online submissions and 450 written responses, as well as input from health and law enforcement experts, governments, patient advocates and industry representatives.
Health Canada also proposed two new categories of small-scale producers — micro-cultivators and micro-processors — where lower-level security requirements would apply to businesses that grow or process smaller amounts of marijuana.
Micro-cultivators would be allowed to grow marijuana with a plant canopy of 200 square metres, which Health Canada described as equivalent to half the space between the blue lines on a standard Canadian hockey rink.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A miracle girl who was the lone survivor of an horrific plane crash last month has been allowed home from hospital in time for Christmas.
Little Zhasmina Leontyeva, three, was heard crying by rescuers amid mangled human remains in the wreckage of a Russian passenger plane which "fell like a stone" from a height of 300 ft into woodland as it came into land.
All six other passengers and crew perished on the stricken L-410 twin-engine turbo-prop.
Zhasmina broke one leg but was otherwise unharmed, and doctors and their family say they have a "guardian angel".
Trauma surgeon Dr Nikolay Rybachuk said: 'Do I think it's a miracle that the girl survived in that meat grinder?
"Of course, it is. This really was God's providence.
"From a medical point of view, they easily escaped."
(Image: Todaykhv/The Siberian Times)
(Image: Todaykhv/The Siberian Times)
Psychologically, they were not traumatised by the crash, they said as they left hospital in a wheelchair, reported The Siberian Times.
"She will be all right," they said as they left hospital in Khabarovsk, 3,815 miles east of Moscow.
The girl owes their life to respected teacher Olga Laponnikova, 44, who cocooned Zhasmina with their own body as the plane went down, according to rescuers.
Them aunt Olga Leontyeva told journalists Zhasmina was born prematurely and doctors had predicted they would not survive.
(Image: Todaykhv/The Siberian Times)
(Image: DVhab/The Siberian Times)
They needed artificial ventilation for more than a month after their birth.
"God did not let them die then, thanks to doctors.
"And again, having fallen from such a height, Zhasmina is the only one who survived the crash. "
Them mother Maria Leontyeva, 32, said: "She must have some mighty guardian angel.
"It is a miracle. Simply a miracle."
(Image: DVhab/The Siberian Times)
They praised the pilot Igor Shumakov for levelling the plane before it hit the ground, and rescuers.
Of teacher Olga they said: "God rest their soul, they had fastened my child's belt and then hugged her, covering Zhasmina with their body."
Them grandmother Elena said Zhasmina "doesn't remember a thing.
"Experts say that the plane was falling for eight seconds.
"Zhasmina probably just forgot everything. It's for the best."
Crash investigators say the plane's right engine suddenly stopped working as it came into hand, causing the tragedy.
A 17-year-old youth Dmitry Novikov is being investigated by police for stealing two iPads and a mobile phone from dead passengers.
New Delhi: Petrol prices were hiked by 1 paisa and diesel prices were hiked by 4 paise per litre, applicable from 6:00 a.m. on 3rd February 2018.
Under the dynamic pricing scheme, petrol and diesel prices are revised on a daily basis in sync with global crude oil prices.
Prices of non-branded petrol in metro-cities
Cities (Rs/litre) New Delhi 73.09 Kolkata 75.78 Mumbai 80.95 Chennai 75.81
Prices of non-branded petrol across state capitals
Agartala 68.96 Aizwal 69.09 Ambala 73.22 Bangalore 74.24 Bhopal 78.89 Bhubaneshwar 71.93 Chandigarh 70.29 Dehradun 75.12 Gandhinagar 72.68 Gangtok 76.05 Guwahati 75.13 Hyderabad 77.40 Imphal 71.23 Itanagar 69.16 Jaipur 76.06 Jammu 74.68 Jullunder 78.20 Kohima 71.58 Lucknow 74.62 Panjim 67.33 Patna 77.46 Pondicherry 71.93 Port Blair 63.11 Raipur 73.55 Ranchi 73.78 Shillong 72.53 Shimla 73.24 Srinagar 77.38 Trivandrum 77.01 Silvasa 71.09 Daman 71.02
Prices of non-branded diesel in metro-cities
Cities (Rs/litre) New Delhi 64.07 Kolkata 66.74 Mumbai 68.23 Chennai 67.57
Prices of non-branded diesel across state capitals
Agartala 62.21 Aizwal 61.46 Amabala 64.57 Bangalore 65.15 Bhopal 67.67 Bhubaneshwar 68.73 Chandigarh 62.20 Deharadun 64.53 Gandhinagar 69.07 Gangtok 65.80 Guwahati 66.86 Hyderabad 69.61 Imphal 62.21 Itnagar 61.48 Jaipur 68.59 Jammu 65.06 Jullunder 64.05 Kohima 62.48 Lucknow 64.37 Panjim 65.16 Patna 67.94 Pondicherry 66.17 Port Blair 60.17 Raipur 69.21 Ranchi 67.69 Shillong 63.89 Shimla 63.72 Srinagar 67.28 Trivandrum 69.54 Silvasa 64.83 Daman 64.76
(Source: Indian Oil) Prices may vary from outlet to outlet within a city
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Street vendors are risking the wrath of Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp by selling 'Fab Four' T-shirts outside Anfield.
Just last week Klopp told how they don't like the Fab Four nickname given to Mo Salah, Philippe Coutinho, Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane because it's "disrespectful" to their team-mates.
But that hasn't stopped opportunistic street vendors flogging T-shirts on matchdays.
Before Sunday's Merseyside derby, vendors' displays featured Beatles-inspired T-shirts with the four players' faces superimposed on the bodies of John, Paul, George and Ringo.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Getty)
It comes just days after Klopp, speaking after the Reds' 7-0 Champions League victory over Spartak Moscow, responded to their in-form players' new nickname.
They said: “I have no problem with nicknames like the Fab Four but it's disrespectful to all the other players.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“We played a fantastic game at West Ham and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain was involved.
"We didn't have Adam Lallana so far and I think they would fit fantastically in each boy group or band in this world. We also have Daniel Sturridge and Dom Solanke."
Klopp's outburst at a Sky Sports reporter after their team-s 1-1 draw with Everton would suggest he's not in the mood to be angered further.
Unfortunately for him, though, the sale of unofficial T-shirts is out of their control.
The Middle's middle child is all grown up and reportedly getting their own show. The Wrap reported that The Middle is getting a spin-off starring Eden Sher, who plays Sue Heck. If it's true, it's happy news for those who were sad to say goodbye to The Middle after nine seasons. (Bustle reachd out to Sher's reps for comment, but did not immediately hear back. ABC declined to comment on or confirm the reported spinoff to Bustle.)
The Wrap reports that there are no details known about the spinoff, which is in the early stages of development, other than it will focus on Sue, who is now married to their next-door neighbor Sean Donahue (Beau Wirick) after a flash forward in The Middle series finale. Though, it's unclear if that marriage will factor into the show. Despite all these questions, the spinoff has a fan in The Middle star Patricia Heaton, who played Sue's mom Frankie. "Keep your fingers crossed, @TheMiddle_ABC fans," Heaton tweeted, along with a Variety article about the spinoff. "I would love to see this happen as much as you - I need my Middle fix too!"
It's not a bad time for ABC to announce a new family sitcom being that it just cancelled Roseanne on May 29. The Hollywood Reporter said that ABC is "considering a pilot order" for The Middle spinoff to fill in the Roseanne time slot. It's a smart choice being that after the news of Roseanne's cancellation broke, many couldn't help but mention that The Middle deserved more attention for its honest and funny portrayal of a lower middle class family struggling to get by. Vox went as far to say The Middle was "one of TV's most underrated working-class sitcoms."
Perhaps, it shouldn't be a surprise since The Middle's creators Eileen Heisler and DeAnn Heline got their start writing on the original Roseanne, which has long been considered the gold standard for shows about working class families.
Before the final episode aired, the creators talked about one day rebooting The Middle with Deadline on May 22. When asked what the future holds for the Heck family, Heisler said, "I can't tell you what's next… gotta save it for the reboot. See you in ten years!" It seems the reboot is happening a little sooner than planned and honestly, Sue feels like the obvious choice to keep this show going.
With their optimistic and resilient approach to life, Sue is the one you root for. The final season focused on Sue's junior year of college and their eventual marriage, but clearly, Sue's journey isn't over. Sher's even got their own ideas as to what Sue would be doing post-college.
Last year in an interview with Vulture they said that they thought Sue would move out of Indiana and carve their own path. They said:
"Maybe she'd come back, but I don't think so. She'd move to a metropolitan area — not New York City, but Madison [Wisconsin] or something similar. She'd get a cool, fun job. She's in hotel management, so I see them running a little bed and breakfast. A bed and breakfast for preschoolers!"
In that same Vulture interview, Sher said they wished The Middle got more political throughout its run. Specifically, they wish the show would have tackled the election of Donald Trump. "We're in a unique position of being this one show that really appeals to everyone regardless of your political beliefs," Sher said. "I think it would've been good, at least in a subtle way, to hint at some kind of political change."
They later added, "I'll say that if it were my show, I would've hinted towards some political opinion. Or at least start a discussion." And if they do become the star of their own show, they could finally have that chance to be part of a show that does tackle politics in a real way.
For those that were already missing Sue Heck, you might not have to much longer. Even better, this Middle spinoff might delve into issues that Sher and many others wish it would have all along.
NATIONAL
A Seoul court said it will hold a hearing Thursday to determine whether to issue an arrest warrant for former President Lee Myung-bak, who is accused of a dozen corruption charges, including bribery, embezzlement and abuse of power.
The Seoul Central District Court said Tuesday it will begin the hearing at 10:30 a.m. to judge the legality of their detainment. The court is expected to deliver its decision early Friday.
Prosecutors sought an arrest warrant on Monday after months-long investigation, which the disgraced ex-leader has called political revenge.
Lee's secretariat said they will not attend the court review, as "he has fully explained themselves to the prosecution during the interrogation."
Former President Lee Myung-bak (Yonhap)
Lee was questioned for 21 hours by the prosecution from Wednesday to Thursday last week.Lee, president from 2008-2013, is suspected of taking about 11 billion won ($10.3 million) in bribes from the state intelligence agency, Samsung Group and others.The 77-year-old is believed to be the secret owner of auto parts maker DAS that on paper belongs to their older brother Lee Sang-eun.Prosecutors are said to have alleged in their argument for an arrest warrant that Lee created 34 billion won in slush funds via the company from 1994-2006 and the money was the "reservoir of the suspect Lee's illegal seed capital" funneled into their political campaigns.The key bribery charge Lee faces is Samsung's alleged 2007 payment of a 6.8 billion won lawsuit fee for DAS. DAS filed the suit seeking to recoup the company's 14 billion-won investment from a US investment advisory firm.Prosecutors believe Lee directly ordered government agencies to make sure DAS gets its money back. They also accuse Lee of receiving bribes from Samsung in addition to the retaining fee.If the warrant is issued, they will become the country's fourth former president to be arrested on criminal charges.Fresh suspicions were raised early this week that Lee took bribes ahead of the 2007 presidential election from a Buddhist monk seeking Lee's influence in establishing a Buddhist university.The corruption scandal against the former president has been engulfing their own family. Their wife and former first lady Kim Yoon-ok is also suspected of taking kickbacks, including a Hermes bag, and cash.Lee has denied all allegations, accusing the probe of being political retaliation by liberal President Moon Jae-in and vowing to "fight with utmost efforts to get the truth out in court." (Yonhap)
Sri Lanka ready to play T20I in Pakistan
This might just be what the doctor ordered for cricket in Pakistan.
@srihari_93 by Srihari News 14 Aug 2017, 00:45 IST
Since the 2009 attacks on the SL team bus, only one team has toured Pakistan
What's the story?
In what will come as a huge boost for those hoping to see international cricket return to Pakistan, Asian Cricket Council (ACC) development committee chairperson Thilanga Sumathipala said that Sri Lanka will no issues in traveling to Pakistan and playing at least a solitary T20I in Lahore.
Speaking after the ACC Annual General Meeting in Colombo, they added that if all the plans fall in place, the series could well take place in September, upon the conclusion of India's tour of Sri Lanka. They added that cricket is a game of "change, chance, and chase" and world cricket is in the hands of the "unity of Asia".
Sumathipala said: "I am keen to take my team to Pakistan. We have had our security experts visit and make an assessment, and things look positive with things improving all over the country and especially Lahore being cleared. We have three T20I games coming up against Pakistan in September and we would like to play at least one of those games in Lahore."
They also urged other nations to come out in support of Pakistan saying that there is always a risk.
"There is always risk - there were two attacks in London during the Champions trophy, but cricket continued under the security assurances of the ICC. So likewise, we too must be as accommodating and understanding as possible with our members and extend our fullest support to them as the cricketing family of Asia."
In case you didn't know...
Since the 2009 attack on the Sri Lankan team bus that left a few players injured, Zimbabwe is the only country to have toured Pakistan. Aside from that series in 2015, no team has toured Pakistan and the country has had to play their home matches in the UAE due to security concerns.
In an attempt to bring back international cricket to Pakistan, ICC has organized a three-match T20I series in September that will take place in Lahore and will feature Pakistan taking on a World XI.
The heart of the matter
The news will come as a huge boost to Pakistan after New Zealand Cricket confirmed that the centrally contracted players won't take part in the World XI T20I series. However, the words of Sumathipala will come as music to PCB and chairperson Najam Sethi's ears. They also added that when Sri Lanka suffered through "three decades of terrorism and war", Pakistan and India stood by them and that they were keen to return the favor.
Extra Cover: Contracted New Zealand cricketers won't take part in World XI series in Pakistan
What's next?
Sri Lanka are currently playing India in the third and final Test at Pallekele. Following the conclusion of the series, they will also play an ODI series that begins on August 20 and a T20I as well. But otherwise, their schedule is clear for the month of September where this supposed series is set to happen.
Author's take
Ever since 2009, Pakistan has been left at a severe disadvantage as a result of not being able to play their home matches in Pakistan. While security concerns are valid and shouldn't be taken lightly, the fact that the Pakistan Super League was held in the country, Zimbabwe have toured them and ICC are themselves pushing for international cricket to return to the country shows that it is safe for the players to play.
That Sri Lanka, who were the unfortunate victims that led to all this, are themselves ready to tour Pakistan should only serve as great news and prove once again that sport has the power to unite us all and cut across boundaries.
OSU led by 10 points early, but Tinkle said players got away from what was working.
"It is frustrating, but we've got to stay positive," Tinkle said. "Toughness and discipline wins on the road, and we've got to continue to establish that."
Darius McNeill scored 16 points for Cal and Marcus Lee had 14.
OSU's Stephen Thompson Jr. scored 24 points on 9-for-13 shooting. Tres Tinkle added 19 points, making 10 of 10 from the foul line.
BIG PICTURE
Oregon State: The Beavers' most recent true road victory was 86-82 at UCLA on March 5, 2016. Stephen Thompson Jr., a first-year student at the time, led the way with what was then a career-high 23 points, all of them in the second half.
Cal: The Bears are hoping to avoid setting a program record for most losses in a season. The 1978-79 team was 6-21 and the only other Cal team to suffer 20 defeats was the 1986-87 squad, which finished 9-20.
ALL FOULED UP: Officials called 51 fouls in the game, including 29 on the Beavers. "It was whistle-happy out there," OSU coach Wayne Tinkle said. "We've got to learn to defend without fouling, obviously. Give them credit, there's been games they don't convert there and they made them tonight."
NO BERKELEY LOVE: Oregon State has lost 11 of its past 12 against Cal, and has not beaten the Bears in Berkeley since Jan. 22, 2009.
FRESHMAN DELIVERS: Justice Sueing, Cal's leading scorer in Pac-12 games at 17.7 points per game entering play Saturday, picked up two quick fouls and was on the floor for just six minutes in the first half. But they finished with 11 points and has scored double figures in all 11 conference games.
UP NEXT
Oregon State plays Washington State at home on Thursday.
Cal plays at Colorado on Wednesday.
By Jeff Faraudo, The Associated Press
Hend ready to make history at Queen's Cup
Long-hitting Hend, who is the reigning Asian Tour number one, will shoot for their 10th victory on the regions premier Tour.
by Press Release Preview 15 Jun 2017, 11:06 IST
The Aussie will go head to head against 8 of the top-10 from the Order of Merit
Koh Samui, Thailand, June 14: titleholder Scott Hend of Australia is aiming to become the first player to successfully defend the Queen's Cup when the US$500,000 Asian Tour event starts on Thursday.
Long-hitting Hend, who is the reigning Asian Tour number one, will shoot for their 10th victory on the region's premier Tour against a stellar line-up which includes eight of the top-10 players from the Order of Merit.
India's S.S.P. Chawrasia, currently second on the Merit list, is amongst the top contenders assembled at Santiburi Samui Country Club, nicknamed the Beast of Samui, where they have an opportunity to take over top spot on the rankings. They need to finish no lower than tied second with another golfer to dislodge American David Lipsky.
The Thai challenge will be carried by young rising stars Phachara Khongwatmai, Rattanon Wannasrichan and Jazz Janewattananond while veterans Prayad Marksaeng and Thaworn Wiratchant, who have each won the Queen's Cup twice from between 2012 to 2015, will be ready to throw in their challenge at the par-71 venue which rewards straight shooting from the tee and a calm head on the shoulders.
Phachara, 18, is keen to emulate Jazz and Rattanon, who claimed their maiden Asian Tour victories this season in Bashundhara Bangladesh Open and the Thailand Open respectively.
With two runner-up finishes under their belt in what is turning out to be a breakout season, talented Malaysian prospect Gavin Green will be keen to celebrate a maiden Asian Tour title on the holiday isle of Samui weeks after fine-tuning their game with their coach in the United States.
The Queen's Cup is celebrating its ninth edition this week with a record prize fund and is the 10th leg of the 2017 Asian Tour season. The tournament is supported by Bangkok Airways and Sports Authority of Thailand.
Did you know
· After missing three straight cuts from between March to April, Hend has regained their form with a tied sixth finish at the recent Thailand Open being their best outing this season.
· Hend won the Queen's Cup by one shot on 15-under-par 269 last year, the second lowest score in the tournament's history. They shot rounds of 69, 69, 64 and 67. It was their second win of 2016 which enabled them to become the first Aussie to lift the prestigious Order of Merit crown.
· With nine career victories, Hend is the most successful international golfer on the Asian Tour and is the first Australian to win the Order of Merit with over US$1 million in earnings last season.
· Chawrasia successfully defended their Hero Indian Open title by seven shots in March for their sixth Asian Tour victory which helped move them up to second place on the Merit list with US$304,500.
· Chawrasia finished equal sixth in the Queen's Cup in 2015. They were also tied eighth at Santiburi Samui in the 2006 Bangkok Airways Open. Their lowest round here is 67 shot in 2015. They also finished tied 30th at the Nordea Masters in Sweden two weeks ago.
· Phachara is currently third on the Asian Tour's Order of Merit, thanks to runner-up finishes at the SMBC Singapore Open and ISPS HANDA World Super 6 Perth.
· Phachara has played in the Queen's Cup on three previous occasions, missing the halfway cut twice. They finished tied 27th at the Lyoness Open last week, closing with a 67 which should put them in good stead for this week.
· Green has also enjoyed two runner-up finishes this year at the Hero Indian Open and Yeangder Heritage in Chinese Taipei. They were tied 10th in their last tournament appearance at the Thailand Open.
· The 23-year-old Green finished tied 33rd in their lone Queen's Cup appearance in 2015.
Player Quotes
Scott Hend (Aus)
It'll be the same attitude as last year, play what's in front of you and try to judge the wind well. This golf course is always tricky. However, I've proved last year that I can win on a tricky golf course.
Any golf course fits my game if I'm on top of myself that week. Around here, it's hard to beat the local players as they know the golf course inside out. So for a foreigner to win is quite pleasing in that regard.
I haven't swung a club for the past 10 days. I might hit some shanks in the pro-am later but hopefully I'll be alright when I start tomorrow. I've started to play a lot better. My bag is now set up in terms of club wise. I had driver problems in the first three or four months as manufacturers change drivers and I couldn't find one that suits me. I finally found something which I can get in play and it now just comes down to trying to get some confidence back in the game.
SSP Chawrasia (Ind)
This is a very nice place. I've played here the past few years and it's a great place to be, with the beach and nice hotels. I like the golf course, so mentally I'm always refreshed. I'm not thinking about myself being the highest ranked player in the field. I'm just here to play the golf tournament and play my own game. If I started thinking too much, it'll create the additional pressure on me.
This course fits my style of play. However, it's very tricky and tough. The tee shot is going to be very important. It's very tight on every single hole. You just have to hit it straight. When I first started on the Asian Tour in 2006, I think I finished eighth here (Bangkok Airways Open). I seem to play good here all the time, so I'm looking forward to it.
Obviously I'm thinking about the Order of Merit. I'm about US$30,000 behind David Lipsky and I'm here to try and catch him. That's the main reason why I'm here. I've got a full chance to win the Order of Merit and I've planned my schedule to play a few more Asian Tour events in the second half of the season. After Switzerland, I'm going to play in Korea, Japan and Malaysia. It's very important for me. If I can win the Order of Merit, obviously I will be very happy as a lot of top Indians have done it in the past. I want to give myself a chance as well to win it.
Phachara Khongwatmai (Tha)
I'm not thinking about getting a win. I'm just going to try to play my best golf. This is a big tournament for all of us. On this course, if you don't hit it straight, you will get a bad score. Hit a bad shot, you're dead. I really like this course as it's challenging. I'll be using a lot of long irons this week. My driving is also getting better, so I'm feeling good about the week.
I played in three European Tour events the past few months. I enjoyed the experience and every course is challenging due to the weather and course conditions. It's different from the conditions in Asia which is good as it helps me to learn and become a better golfer.
The Queen's Cup is very important to all Thai golfers. Every Thai golfer wants to win the tournament as it's a tournament for the queen. But it won't be easy to win it. It is also very good for all players that the prize money has increased to US$500,000 this year.
My dream is to try to get one win on the Asian Tour this season. But if I don't do it, it's not a problem as I've already enjoyed two second place finishes. I'm not going to push it. This week, maybe I'll have a chance.
Gavin Green (Mas)
The second place finish in the Hero Indian Open and Yeangder Heritage, plus the top-10 in Thailand have made me believe that I can do it. Don't get me wrong as there are a lot of really good players out here, so you've got to go low regularly and be consistent to be up there every single week.
Since my dad (Gary) has been with me as my caddie, we've had one win on the ADT and we've had the good results this year. He's been there, he's been good and he's also trying to get better as a caddie. At the start of it, we had to go through a few bumps which have all turned out for the better.
It's fun this week. We've got a house with a pool that is quite close to the course. Mum and Galven (his brother) are also here, so we're having a good time. It really helps. It's the first time we're actually doing this. It feels like we're on a holiday which is nice.
(Courtesy: Asian Tour)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This Morning hosts Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield were in fits of giggles after Holly made an x-rated gag - which viewers thought may have been the worst swear word in the English language.
During a segment where contributor Alice Beer showed off some rather expensive gifts that could be bought for the new royal baby, who was born to Prince William and Kate, the Duchess of Cambridge, yesterday morning.
There was everything from little baby slippers to grow bags and hold-alls to suit every mother's needs.
(Image: ITV)
But the first gift among the group was a very old-school perambulator, which was a £1,600, followed by a cheaper and more modern alternative which was just £680.
Holly looked over the more modern pram, saying it was more solid and practical, and Alice was pleased to show off some of the gadgets which accompany it.
The women then continued discussing William and Kate's arrival with a pram, and praised Kate's ability to manoeuvre it and wondering what type of pram they must have been using.
(Image: ITV)
At that moment, Holly hit with the killer line that had Phil holding in theirs laughter.
They used their hand to create a plunging motion, and said: "It could have been a click clunk one."
But Phil was utterly shocked and tried their absolute best to keep things together.
(Image: ITV)
Meanwhile, those watching thought they may have dropped the C-bomb in a big way.
One tweeted: "Did holly just say a click c*** one?"
Another replied to this tweet, saying: "I heard that too."
This Morning airs from 10.30am weekdays on ITV.
Our Score:
“The beggarly question of parentage–what is it, after all? What does it matter, when you come to think of it, whether a child is yours by blood or not? – Thomas Hardy in their last completed novel “Jude the Obscure”
Five-year old Saroo and their older brother Guddu are trying to earn some money so they can buy milk for the rest of their family. Their father is no longer part of the family. Their mother Kamla (Priyanka Bose) works and does the best they can but with two younger children they depend on Guddu and Saroo. Saroo begs their brother to let them go along to do some work at night and Guddu eventually relents. When they are at the train station, Saroo falls asleep. Guddu tells them to remain on the bench where they are and they will return for him. Saroo awakens, goes onto a train to look for Guddu and falls asleep again.
When they wake up, the train is moving and they are locked into the compartment. Since the train has been decommissioned, no passengers board during the two day journey to Kolkata (still known as Calcutta at that time). Saroo finds themselves alone nearly 1,500 kilometers away from their home. It was 1986 and all they knew was that they were from Ganestalay, which no one could find on the map and that their mother's name was “Mum.” As a result they wound up in an orphanage.
After no one comes forward to claim him, they are adopted by an Australian couple, John (David Wenham) and Sue Brierly (Nicole Kidman). They will go on to adopt another child from the orphanage, Mantosh. The adoptive parents love both boys but while Saroo is an ideal child, Mantosh has some issues.
Fast forward to the adult Saroo (Dev Patel) going off to learn hotel management as a prestigious institution. There they meet “Lucy” (Rooney Mara) and they fall in love. Saroo tells their friends the story of how they became separated from their mother and family and they encourage them to search for their mother. They suggest that they use Google Earth and what was once just occasional dreams and visions becomes an obsession for Saroo. It causes tension in their relationships with Lucy and with their parents.
While the facts of Saroo's story were told quite well in their 2012 book “A Long Way Home,” best that the rest of that story be experienced by seeing the movie or reading the book. This is the feature film debut of Garth Davis but they make few, if any, rookie mistakes. Both Nicole Kidman and Dev Patel deliver performances that were well worth the Golden Globe nominations they received. The major surprise is the amazing acting from Sunny Pawar who plays the young Saroo. Look for big things from this young actor.
In addition to the powerful feelings that Lion generates, it is lovely to look at, without too much of anything and just enough of everything. The few close-up shots are made more effective by their scarcity. Hunt down a screening of Lion near you.
On Independence Day, Minting Thousands Of New Americans At a Fourth of July naturalization ceremony in New Hampshire, newly minted American citizens take the oath. They're among nearly 14,000 people across the country who are becoming Americans this week.
In the first year since receiving Southington's second charter for the Knights of Columbus council, the Rev. Walter F. Geraghty Council 25 has received the Star Council Award. The prestigious award recognizes overall excellence in the areas of membership recruitment and retention, promotion of the fraternally beneficial insurance program and sponsorship of its church and community service-oriented activities.
“Receiving this award while we are still growing is quite an honor. We're extremely proud of this accomplishment.”, said Herb Khan, the council's Grand Knight in an orginization press release.
The Knights of Columbus organization was established in New Haven in March 1882 by Fr. Michael J. McGivney. The group was formed to promote the core principles of charity, unity, fraternity and patriotism.
With two chartered K of C council units now in Southington, including Council 15, (est. 1885), locals are a big part of the world-wide organization of more than 1.9 million members and 15,000 councils world-wide.
“The Knights of Columbus provides its members and their families many volunteer opportunities to provide charity and service to their Church and their community,” Council 25 Council chaplain Fr. Ronald P. May said in the release.
The organization donates more than $175 million and 74 million hours of service to charities each year, and it has become the largest Catholic lay organization in the world.
Former Connecticut state master for the 4th degree Charles Sullivan, a member of Isabella Council 15 in Southington since 1980 spoke in the release about how the two local chapters cooperate in the effort.
“Congratulations to Geraghty Council 25 on its accomplishments in their first year,” they said. “They have the best fraternal wishes of Isabella Council 15 for continued success and cooperation.”
Free show contest
The two local groups are combining to sponsor the annual youth basketball challenge this weekend at Southington Catholic School.
On Saturday, Jan. 7, participants are welcome to compete for a chance to win the local competition and advance to the district event.
The contest is free and open to Southington, Plantsville, Milldale, and Marion boys and girls, ages 9 to 14. Participants will compete in separate gender competitions in six different age groups. Each player will receive 15 free throws, and the high scorers will win to advance.
Registration is 10:30 to noon in the school gym. Competition begins at 11 and ends by 1 p.m.
Contact Phil Mazzatti, (203) 395-4381 for more information.
Modicare, touted as the world's largest health insurance scheme, aims to provide free health insurance of ₹5 lakh per family to nearly 40% of the population, or more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
New Delhi: Moving a step closer to launching the Ayushman Bharat-National Health Protection Mission (NHPM), popularly known as “Modicare”, the union health ministry on Wednesday started the process of empanelling public and private hospitals for the scheme.
State health agencies (SHAs) through state empanelment committees (SECs) will start empanelling private and public healthcare service providers and facilities in states and union territories (UTs) according to the given guidelines, said the National Health Agency (NHA), the apex body to launch Modicare.
District, sub-district and block level workshops will be held to brief hospitals about the empanelment criteria, packages, and processes and address any queries. “We have invited all private and super-speciality hospitals across India for empanelment as they play a critical and indispensable role in this mission. We are also trying to ensure that the empanelment process is conducted in a transparent, time-bound and non-partisan manner based on specific criteria, eligibility and guidelines,” said Dinesh Arora, deputy chief executive officer, Ayushman Bharat.
“Under Ayushman Bharat, both public and private healthcare systems will get strengthened and work in partnership to provide accessible and equitable healthcare services to all entitled beneficiaries,” they said.
The SHAs shall ensure empanelment within stipulated timelines for quick implementation if the applicants meet the essential criteria as defined for general or specialty care facilities. Facilities undertaking defined specialty packages are required to fulfil additional eligibility requirements. Specific criteria are outlined for cardiology and cardio-thoracic vascular services, cancer care, neurosurgery, burns, plastic and reconstructive surgery, neonatal/paediatric surgery, polytrauma, nephrology and urology surgery.
“The aim is to provide financial protection to 10.74 crore deprived rural families and identified occupational categories of urban workers' families according to the latest Socio-Economic Caste Census (SECC) data,” said Arora.
Modicare, touted as the world's largest health insurance scheme, aims to provide free health insurance of ₹5 lakh per family to nearly 40% of the population, or more than 100 million poor and vulnerable families.
More than 22 states have signed memorandums of understanding (MoU) with the union health ministry, committing to launch Modicare.
Test Boost Elite This herbal product helps in correcting the issues of neuromuscular system in order to strengthen the body. Neuromuscular system is nothing but a combination of muscles with nervous system which work together to make movements easy. Vital M-40 capsule helps in repairing the damages caused to this system and cures fatigue and low energy as well. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 'heartbroken' doctor caring for Alfie Evans described how colleagues have "genuine fear" over the hostility towards hospital staff.
Legal teams for Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool today attended an emergency hearing at a court in Manchester where representatives for Alfie's parents argued they should be allowed to go to Rome for further treatment.
The last ditch-plea, which was rejected by the judge, came after the tot was breathing unaided for nearly 24 hours after their life support was withdrawn, the Liverpool Echo reports.
The court heard that, although supporters were shocked at the news Alfie was still breathing, doctors had warned them they could die within minutes, hours or could stay breathing for a number of days.
To follow all the live updates on the legal battle over Alfie Evans, click here.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
(Image: Andy Stenning daily mirror)
Paul Diamond, from the Christian Legal Centre, said it was estimated that Alfie could live for up to ten days and urged the court to allow them to go to Rome, as there was an air ambulance waiting.
At one point in the proceedings, a clinician - still wearing their scrubs - said that staff at the hospital were 'heartbroken' by what they described as 'hostility' shown towards them.
The court heard how there was a "genuine fear" among staff, and that it was "heartbreaking that we're here again arguing when all we want to do is the best for Alfie's family".
(Image: PA)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
They estimated that it would be at least three to five days before Alfie could be moved to their family home, but that the current hostility would make it "impossible" at present.
They also argued that moving patients home "doesn't happen overnight" and could only happen after extensive considerations by medical teams.
Reporters at the court described how press and public were searched at the courtroom doors, as well as on entrance to the building as security measures were stepped up.
Reports of planned “diversionary attacks” by terrorists are being received by the military during its ongoing operations in Marawi City against the Islamic State (IS)-linked Maute Group, according to the newly-installed commanding general of the Philippine Army.
Advertisements
In an interview with reporters on Thursday, Maj. Gen. Rolando Bautista said they have been receiving such reports since the start of the siege of the city by the Maute Group on May 23.
“[As] part of the diversionary attacks, they will disrupt peaceful municipalities and replicate the Marawi siege,” Bautista told reporters at the sidelines of the 58th Change of Command ceremony for the new Philippine Army commander in Fort Bonifacio, Taguig City.
Defense and security officials have been announcing deadlines for ending the siege of the capital city of Lanao del Sur in southern Mindanao but have failed to deliver on them.
The most recent deadline set by the military was announced by Lt. Gen. Carlito Galvez Jr., commander of the Armed Forces' Western Mindanao Command.
Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana in September said the fighting would not last until the beginning of October but this deadline was unmet.
For Bautista, the war would not last until November, when meetings of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations will be held in Clark, Pampanga.
They said military operations would not stop in Marawi even if it was liberated from the Maute Group bandits.
“Our operations in Marawi will not stop. As we liberate downtown Marawi, [the operations]will continue. We have consolidated reports [of the planned attacks],” according to Bautista.
In the meantime, they said, it will be necessary to retain martial law in Mindanao to pursue the rehabilitation phase of Marawi City.
“Martial law has been a big help for us. Imagine, we can accost suspected terrorists. If there is no martial law, we would be charged [if we did that],” Bautista added.
President Rodrigo Duterte declared martial law in the whole of Mindanao shortly after the Marawi siege began.
If they had their way, Bauti sta said, they would want to return to Marawi City to finish off the siege but that they would have to wait for instructions from Armed Forces chief Gen. Eduardo Año.
Bautista was the commander of the Army's 1st Infantry Division and Joint Task Force Marawi when they were named by President Rodrigo Duterte as the chief of the 87,000-strong Philippine Army, replacing Lt. Gen. Glorioso Miranda, who will retire on October 8.
Aside from reports of the diversionary attacks, Bautista said they are also receiving reports that the two remaining terror leaders of the Maute Group were among the casualties of the siege in Marawi City.
They added that ground commanders obtained reports that the Islamic State's Southeast Asian “emir” Isnilon Hapilon and Omarkhayam Maute, one of the top Maute brothers, had been killed.
“There were reports that they are already dead but then again those will be subject for validation, the deaths of Hapilon and the others,” Bautista said.
In September, Año said Abdullah, Ottoh and Maddie Maute–the Maute brothers leading the terror group–were already dead.
Doncaster pop star Louis Tomlinson has pledged their support for an autism charity - by agreeing to sign a special football shirt.
The soccer-mad One Direction star has shown their backing for nationwide organisation Shining Stars, which helps young people with autism after a Twitter campaign urging them to back the group.
One Direction fan Noelle Finn contacted the star via social media asking them to sign a shirt for Scottish football team Airdrie to help raise funds for the group which works with children and adults on the autistic spectrum agfter linking up with Scottish broadcaster Ross Owen, whose young son attends the programme.
They said: "I reached out two months ago about trying to get Louis to sign one of the jerseys because they are a massive footie fan.
"I created edits of the jerseys and we created the #SignTheShirtOneDirection hashtag.
"I promised Ross I wouldn't give up until the message reached Louis, no matter how long it took.
"A few days ago Louis was active on Twitter tweeting about England during the World Cup.
"I started tweeting the things we've done over the last two months and it worked. Louis saw the tweets and they are going to sign the jersey to help raise money for the kids of Shining Stars."
The money raised from the sale or auction of the shirt will go to help purchase sensory items, gifts for the children at Christmas time as well as supplies.
Added Noelle: "Louis is always willing to help children and children's charities and they are never the one to boast about it.
"This is such a wonderful thing for such a deserving group."
Man, 21, pleads guilty to raping Portland bus passenger
Photo: Uncredited, AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 This undated photo provided by the Multnomah County Sheriff's office shows Gary Streeter-Hillerich. Streeter-Hillerich has pleaded guilty to rape and other crimes following an attack on a Portland bus passenger. Sentencing is scheduled for Aug. 2, 2018. (Multnomah County Sheriff's Office via AP) less This undated photo provided by the Multnomah County Sheriff's office shows Gary Streeter-Hillerich. Streeter-Hillerich has pleaded guilty to rape and other crimes following an attack on a Portland bus ... more Photo: Uncredited, AP Man, 21, pleads guilty to raping Portland bus passenger 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — A 21-year-old man has pleaded guilty to rape and other crimes following an attack on a Portland bus passenger.
Prosecutors say Gary Streeter-Hillerich was on a bus the 26-year-old woman boarded last October in downtown Portland. When the woman got off the bus in southeast Portland, the suspect followed.
They grabbed them by the mouth and throat and moved them off the sidewalk. After the sexual assault, the man stole the woman's phone and ordered to them to wait in the bushes for five minutes.
Detectives arrested Streeter-Hillerich after reviewing surveillance video from the TriMet bus.
In addition to rape, Streeter-Hillerich pleaded guilty Tuesday to sexual abuse, kidnapping and robbery.
Sentencing is scheduled for Aug. 2.
Consumers of left-wing media are well aware that America is an oligarchy, not a democracy. Everyone with a functioning cerebrum, in fact, should be aware of it by now: even mainstream political scientists recognize it, as shown by a famous 2014 study by Martin Gilens and Benjamin I. Page. Nevertheless, it is important to continue to publicize the oligarchical character of the United States, in order to delegitimize the institutions that have destroyed democracy (insofar as it ever existed) and inspire people to take action to restore it. Ron Formisano's book American Oligarchy: The Permanent Political Class (2017) is a valuable contribution to this collective project.
“American Oligarchy has been written,” Formisano says, “not to propose a path out of the New Gilded Age, but to discredit the political class by raking its muck between covers in black and white.”
Formisano certainly achieves their goal: the “political class” comes out stinking of, yes, a swamp, a putrid moral bog. This “networked layer of high-income people and those striving for wealth including many politicians in and out of office, lobbyists, consultants, appointed bureaucrats, pollsters, television celebrity journalists (but not investigative reporters), and the politically connected in the nation's capital and in the states” calls to mind in its hedonism, corruption, money-worship, and giddy myopia the decadent Senate-attached aristocracy of the late Roman Republic, greedy beyond the dreams of avarice.
The term ‘aristocracy' is apt, for Formisano argues convincingly that the U.S. is headed beyond oligarchy to an aristocracy of inherited wealth, complete with all the ideological and cultural trappings of aristocracy. Our exalted rentiers and their service-providers have the usual attitudes of aristocratic entitlement to all good things in this world (and exclusion of the non-rich), sputtering rage at the occasional prospect of losing a particle of their preferential tax treatment, and the valorization of nepotism as first among the virtues. “The rampant nepotism of the political class fuels the galloping socioeconomic inequality of the twenty-first century.” The main differences between the American aristocracy of today and, say, the French aristocracy of the eighteenth century seem to be that the former has incomparably lower cultural (and architectural) tastes than the latter and is incomparably more destructive of society and the natural environment.
The circles in which the nation's political leaders and their thousands of well-heeled minions travel are indeed reminiscent of some enormous eighteenth-century court. Over half the members of Congress are millionaires, with a total worth in 2013 of $4.3 billion; but even the ones whose income is of a mere six figures are able to live like millionaires. The reason is that the gears of Washington are greased by a “gift economy,” which, to quote ex-lobbyist Jack Abramoff, amounts to “a system of legalized bribery. All of it is bribery, every bit of it.”
In 2007 Congress passed a law prohibiting lobbyists from giving gifts to representatives, but, as Abramoff says, in effect “they just reshuffled the deck… They're still playing the same game.” Campaign committees and “Leadership PACs” pay for the many luxurious trips legislators take around the world, as do lobbyists and donors. Golf outings, lavish “conferences,” fishing in the Florida Keys, skiing in Colorado, trips to Paris or Vienna or Hawaii, innumerable expensive parties and receptions and breakfasts with lobbyists and donors—all are paid for by either tax dollars or various committees, lobbying firms, corporate interests, etc. Aside from the obviously corrupting influence of all this legalized bribery, it matters a great deal that “politicians have no experience of poverty.” In fact, from 1998 to 2008 only 13 members of Congress came from blue-collar backgrounds, and they had long ago left behind that experience. No wonder policy almost never favors the working class.
Meanwhile, while in 1970 only 3 percent of members leaving Congress moved into lobbying, now well over half do. As do thousands of congressional aides. In addition to reinforcing the insularity and chumminess of the Beltway culture, this “accelerating exodus of staffers to K Street…has had the effect of increasing the power of lobbyists by shortening the overall tenure of staffers.” As the latter group becomes younger and less experienced, lobbyists take on an ever-greater role in crafting legislation—increasingly byzantine legislation that is difficult even for staffers to understand, which further enhances the power of lobbyists.
Source: Sarah Rogers/The Daily Beast
Formisano documents with admirable thoroughness the fact that the foremost concern of politicians and the politically connected in both the nation's capital and the states is to look out “for me and mine.” The most obvious and common means of doing so is to monetize one's public service, but almost as common is the practice of nepotism. “[T]he political class practices nepotism routinely, brazenly, and shamelessly, giving their ‘nephews' plum jobs, promotions, a place at the head of the line.” Donald Trump may (unsurprisingly) be even more shameless than most, with their political use of their daughter, their son-in-law, and their sons—one of whom has remarked candidly that nepotism “is a beautiful thing.” But the second Bush administration took nepotism to a high art, given, for example, the important roles of Liz Cheney, their husband, and their son-in-law; the Mehlman brothers, the McLellans, the Powells, and Ted Cruz and their wife; the Martins, the Ackerlys, and the Ullmans, etc. The Obama administration was hardly innocent either, though it didn't go to quite the extremes of its predecessor. Children of governors and members of Congress fare well too, whether serving in politics, in law firms, in businesses that benefit from political connections, or as lobbyists.
The media are almost as riddled with nepotism as politics. When their mother was Secretary of State, Chelsea Clinton was hired by NBC as a television journalist, making $600,000 a year ($26,724 for every minute they were televised). CNN's Andrea Koppel, Anderson Cooper, Jeffrey Toobin, andChris Cuomo are beneficiaries of nepotism, as are (at other channels and publications) Douglas Kennedy, Chris Wallace, Mark Halperin, Mika Brzezinski, Bill Kristol, Ronan Farrow, Luke Russert, Meghan McCain, Jenna Bush, Jackie Kucinich, and others. Formisano concludes,
“Whether the field is literature, television, entertainment, or politics, the hallmark of this New Gilded Age of Inequality is ‘naked, unabashed favoritism,' and the shameless effrontery of those who give and receive it.”
American Oligarchy also contains long discussions of the nonprofit world, specifically of its contributions to rising income inequality. The nonprofit sector employs 10 percent of the U.S. workforce, and in 2010 corporations, government, and individuals donated $300 billion to charitable enterprises. At least $40 billion every year is lost to “fraud, theft, personal enrichment of executives, and misappropriation.” In general, the culture of large nonprofits is approximately that of the permanent political class in Washington.
University presidents and hospital CEOs, for instance, can make millions of dollars a year, and that doesn't include such perks as bonuses, deferred compensation, auto allowances, and financial planning. In the same years as student debt has soared and state funding has declined, university foundations have been used as slush funds for big payouts and personal expenses for presidents and other administrators. Even more egregiously, nonprofit hospitals have initiated hundreds of lawsuits against patients who couldn't pay and have routinely had arrested warrants issued and jailed debtors. Conversely, lawsuits have been filed against hundreds of hospitals in seventeen states for gouging the poor.
In other cases, nonprofits have in effect become allies of the forces they're supposed to be challenging. A particularly outrageous instance is that of The Nature Conservancy, “by far the wealthiest green group with well over $6 billion in assets.” On its governing board and advisory committees sit executives of oil and chemical companies, mining and logging businesses, auto manufacturers, and coal-burning electric utilities, who have influence over the group's policies. Even while preserving millions of acres, The Nature Conservancy has logged forests, drilled for natural gas under the last breeding ground of an endangered bird species, invested millions in energy companies, cultivated relationships with such polluters as ExxonMobil and BP, and sold its name and logo to companies that then claim undeserved credit for being green. Similarly, the World Wildlife Federation has close relationships with both Monsanto and the rainforest-destroying palm oil company Wilmer.
At any rate, the evidence Formisano amasses proves that the moral corruption of the American aristocracy has utterly polluted the ostensibly selfless and charitable world of nonprofits. From museums, public libraries, and human rights organizations to symphony orchestras, veterans' groups, and environmental organizations, excessive executive compensation, corporate ties, and outright corruption have perverted the public mission of nonprofits.
American Oligarchy is not an uplifting read. Its chapter on Kentucky, a case-study of political corruption in a poor state, is, despite the detached analytical tone, at times wrenching, in particular when you reflect on all the human suffering that is the corollary of the aristocracy's venality and greed. On the one hand are profits for Purdue Pharma in the billions of dollars, and power and money for a complicit political class; on the other hand are numberless opioid deaths and lives ruined by addiction.
But books such as this are indispensable in their bleakness, since we live in bleak times that call for unstinting exposés. Perhaps as the backlash against Donald Trump grows, American Oligarchy and books like it will acquire a wide readership and so contribute to the radicalization of a generation.
*
Chris Wright has a Ph.D. in U.S. history from the University of Illinois at Chicago, and is the author of Notes of an Underground Humanist, Worker Cooperatives and Revolution: History and Possibilities in the United States, and Finding Our Compass: Reflections on a World in Crisis. Their website is www.wrightswriting.com.
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Chris Wright , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/the-american-oligarchy-a-review/5646235
ICC Champions Trophy 2017: SK Play of the Day, Fakhar Zaman's unexpected catch to dismiss Moeen Ali
Pakistan team's brilliant fielding against England took everyone by surprise in the first semi-final of ICC Champions Trophy 2017.
@SadbhavSays by Shruti Singh Sadbhav SK Play of the day 14 Jun 2017, 19:33 IST
Fakhar Zaman celebrates after dismissing Moeen Ali with a brilliant catch
Pakistan may not be the top dogs when it comes to fielding but they can surprise you once in a while. The first semi-final of Champions Trophy 2017 boasted of one such rare moment of brilliant fielding from the Green Army amidst their traditional fielding blunders.
Fakhar Zaman took a splendid catch to dismiss Moeen Ali on Junaid Khan's ball which once again exposed Ali's vulnerability to the short ball.
In the third ball of the 39th over, Junaid Khan delivered a short length ball which kissed the top edge of Moeen's bat as pull shot sent the ball to the deep backward square leg. It was expected to land safely but Zaman had already started sprinting towards the ball. Keeping an eye on it, they perfectly timed their stretch and took a magnificent catch. The ball remained in their hands even when they plunged into the ground.
Watch the video of the catch here
Pakistan fielders dropped two catches earlier in the game but displayed a good comeback with some of their fielding instances. Ahmed Shehzad dismissed Adil Rashid with a direct-hit at the bowler's end. A couple of overs later, Shoaib Malik and Babar Azam teamed up to prevent Jake Ball from scoring a boundary, thereby displaying fielding in its finest form.
Ball's unsuccessful attempt to pull a shot caused Mark Wood to lose their wicket in the very next delivery. Sarfraz Ahmed grabbed the ball and made an accurate hit at the stumps on the striker's end long before Wood could make it to the crease.
England were bowled out for 211 in 49.9 overs and Pakistan are well on their way to a successful run chase to reserve their spot in the Finals.
Pakistan surely lived up to their title of ‘a team filled with surprises'. Witnessing the Pakistan fielders accurately judging the ball, diving for them, saving boundaries and taking catches definitely took everyone by surprise. Despite a couple of their fielding debacles, the Green Army deserve praise for their incredible fielding towards the end of the game.
If Pakistan defeat England in this game, an India vs Pakistan encounter, the first in the finals of the Champions Trophy, could be on the cards thereby adding more thrill to one of the most anticipated rivalries in cricket. If Pakistan manages to win the final, they will also move to the seventh rank in the ICC ODI rankings.
It will be an interesting show from here on as the unpredictability quotient of the gentleman's game is at its peak towards the conclusion of the tournament.
One of the enduring mysteries of the fake-news epidemic is why it's happening now, when it's easier than ever for readers to fact-check stories with a few quick keystrokes. A Google search and a little common sense should be enough to cast doubt on stories that the Clintons are running a child sex ring from a pizza parlor, that Sharia law has been instituted in Florida or that CNN accidentally aired 30 minutes of pornography.
And yet, fake news was rampant in 2016. No, busloads of paid protesters didn't descend on Texas in November, but more than 350,000 people shared “news” that they did. Made-up stories outperformed the real stuff on Facebook, with dozens of dubious websites springing up to meet the demand. Pakistan's defense minister fell for fake news. So did America's next national security adviser. No wonder PolitiFact named fake news its “Lie of the Year.”
It's not that people are getting dumber, psychologists say. Humans have always had blind spots. But one in particular is causing trouble now: People are ignorant of their own ignorance. In order to realize you should look something up, you have to recognize that you don't already know the answer.
Brown University psychology professor Steven Sloman has been investigating this tendency. In one 2013 study, they asked subjects how much they know about complex policies such as unilateral sanctions on Iran. Most people reported knowing a lot -- but when asked to explain how the policies worked, they couldn't. Shattering what Sloman calls “the knowledge illusion” leads people to downgrade their self-assessment -- but then their overconfidence returns. More recently, Sloman has been researching the way people overestimate their understanding of everything from glue to coffee makers to toilets for their forthcoming book “The Knowledge Illusion: Why We Never Think Alone.”
Not everyone is equally self-deluded, of course. As a test, Sloman asks a simple math question: A bat costs $1 more than a ball, and together they cost $1.10. What does the ball cost? About 20 percent of people get this right, they said, and they are not as vulnerable to the knowledge illusion.
But what about content knowledge -- knowing facts about the world? You might think that would arm people against fake news, but experiments show that's not necessarily the case. Education professor Joseph Kahne of the University of California Riverside gave young subjects, age 15 to 27, a short test for political literacy and then showed them a mix of fake and real news stories presented as Facebook posts. They found high scorers were no better than the rest at separating fake stories from evidence-based ones.
What did matter was whether a news story bolstered the subjects' existing beliefs. “The judgments people make are heavily influenced by whether or not information aligns with a policy position they already hold,” Kahne said. People who identify as liberals have no trouble pooh-poohing the rumor that Barack Obama was born in Kenya, for example, while those on the conservative end were more likely to believe it. Likewise, liberals were more likely than conservatives to swallow a false claim that 90 percent of rich Americans pay no taxes. The results are slated to be published in American Educational Research Journal.
Kahne says the powerful influence of pre-existing political beliefs may explain why a little knowledge doesn't shield people from being fooled. The people who know more about politics, they said, are better equipped to understand the political implications of a story, and therefore quicker to know whether it reinforces or challenges their beliefs. You have to know a little about politics to know if a given story makes liberals or conservative look bad.
And false stories are easier than ever to generate and spread. In decades past, Kahne said, people trusted established newspapers, magazines and TV news programs. But trust in the mainstream media has declined massively over the past 20 years, while a majority of Americans now get news from Facebook.
Many younger people simply read what Facebook feeds them, Kahne said. They may not pay attention to whether a story came from a legitimate news site. What's more, they may not care if it's true. People are no longer just consumers of news but producers and circulators, they said. Few young people in 20th century went around photocopying newspaper stories and distributing them, but millions do this on Facebook today. Spreading accurate stories isn't necessarily rewarded with likes and shares.
Kahne, like a number of other experts, doesn't think the answer lies in making Facebook's executives the arbiters of truth. Better, they say, to help readers and social media users think more critically. The question is: How? One factor that makes a difference is education. In the study, Kahne asked their subjects whether they had any sort of media literacy instruction in high school. Those who were least vulnerable to fake news were most likely to have remembered teachers explaining how to evaluate news stories for credibility. Some teachers also discussed what many of us take for granted: that the difference between truth and falsehood actually matters.
As Kahne and their co-authors say in their paper: “The belief that accurate information will bolster democratic decision-making and enable societal improvement is deeply embedded in the enlightenment paradigm, pragmatist beliefs, deliberative ideals and other prominent conceptions of a strong, just, and productive democracy.”
But people aren't born knowing this. In fact, most may not know it -- though they probably think they do.
By Faye Flam
Faye Flam is a Bloomberg View columnist. They were a staff writer for Science magazine and a columnist for the Philadelphia Inquirer. – Ed.
Bloomberg
A member of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force, Fleet Air Wing 31, security section, receives oleoresin capsaicin (OC) spray during training with U.S. Marines from the Provost Marshal's Office at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 14, 2017. After being sprayed with OC, JMSDF participants had to navigate through an obstacle course of Marines holding pads, which represented potential attackers, and they had to handcuff a simulated suspect. The training helps prepare individuals for situations where they may be contaminated with the spray and need to continue to function and provide security. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:51 Photo ID: 3166551 VIRIN: 170214-M-RP664-0073 Resolution: 4951x3301 Size: 8.8 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, PMO, JMSDF conduct OC training [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A man arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a woman in York has been released on conditional bail.
North Yorkshire Police said the release was conditional pending further enquiries and that the 35-year-old man will answer bail at a later date.
They were arrested after the body of a 25 year-old woman was found in a property on Fourth Avenue, York at 1pm on Monday July 2.
Investigations are continuing and witnesses or anyone with information that could assist the investigation is asked to contact North Yorkshire Police on 101, select option 1, and speak to the Force Control Room use reference number 12180118649 when providing details about this incident.
Taal Thok Ke: Will Karnataka assembly election results be a trailer of 2019?
Taal Thok Ke: This is a special segment of Taal Thok Ke which brings to you panel discussion on concurrent issue. Here the question raised is that will Karnataka assembly election results be a trailer of 2019?
THIS week I would like to take a step back and introspect. I would like to start here by citing an example of a man who has been called to meet with the top manager of their company. Imagine the extra care that this person would take just because they are meeting with their manager. They will be at their best when it comes to appearance and behavior. This man will see to it that they are wearing the finest and most expensive clothes. They for sure will go to extreme lengths to make a good impression on their manager in order to gain a step over their colleagues and whatever advantages to boost their career.
But do you'll notice that the same person, who groomed themselves for a simple meeting with their superior, does not apply the same effort and care while going to another important place. Sadly when it comes to going to a mosque this is not the case. I would not be surprised if this person comes to the mosque in disheveled clothes or even pajamas. They will also not smell as good as they did when they went to meet their manager. On occasions, they may not be at their best behavior at the mosque and, for sure, coming to the mosque itself might be a big burden to him. Imagine the contrasting attitude and effort — the first for meeting a man and the other one for standing in front of Allah.
This example is now becoming more of a norm, as sadly, I have seen this stance on the rise. I keep noticing, every time I go to a mosque, people disrespecting the place, to the level such negative behavior can be seen on a daily basis. Muslims in general are required to be at their best in appearance when they go to the mosque. They should groom themselves in such a manner that they are clean and presentable. But more and more Muslims are coming to mosques in scurfy attire or even clothes that are dirty. Some people are even showing up to the mosque wearing shorts and pajamas. Add to this their unenthusiastic or rough behavior then you really wonder why do they make an appearance at all.
I would like to ask those who show up to the mosque wearing pajamas or unpresentable clothing, that would they dare to appear in a similar manner at work, wedding or meetings with their top managers? I don't think so.
The noble Qur'an states in Soorat Al-A'raaf, 7:31, “Children of Adam, wear your best clothes to every mosque.” From time to time, imams advise worshipers during Friday sermons on the importance of dressing up nicely when coming to the mosque, yet these appeals always fall on deaf ears. I wish if this were the only violation committed by those going to mosques, for there are many others committed inside and around the mosque. Most of these violations are committed out of pure neglect and not disrespect.
For example there are many, after hearing the adhan, rush to the nearest mosque to pray. Most of them, in their hurry, just park their car in such a way that they become a hindrance to others. The car, invariably, blocks the entrance of the mosque, blocks another car or parked wrongly such that traffic on that road gets affected. Imagine the irony here, this man is going to pray inside knowing fully well that they have committed a violation outside. Fridays maybe are an exception to this and accepted because many people go for Juma prayers all over the city and main roads are temporarily blocked.
Then there is another source of irritation in the serene atmosphere of the mosque. We have people who come to the mosque and leave their cell phone on that has a musical tone and worst of all, they let the music play out loudly without attending to the call or closing it when the phone rings because they are too busy concentrating on the prayer or showing off to others that they are praying at a mosque.
Many arguments break out all the time between the faithful after prayer with many berating those who leave their cell phone open during prayer while some calling on them to at least mute the sound if they need their cells on. Again imams have spoken out against this shoddy habit and practice many times yet, people who go to mosque to follow the right path just keep ignoring this plea that calls for respect for the mosque's sanctity and your neighbor's privacy during prayers.
Another thing that is on the increase and I keep noticing all the time is that worshipers never adhere to mosque's rules of putting their shoes at the designated place. Instead they leave their shoes in front of the entrance door thus leaving many slots in the shoe racks empty while creating an ungainly sight of cluster of shoes at the entrance. In addition, I have seen people, especially the elderly who have difficulty in walking, tip over because they stumble over a shoe left in front of the door. Why cannot we Muslims adhere to this simple rule?
It was reported that Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, said: “Whoever eats garlic, onion, then keep away from our Masjid because the angels get offended from what offends the children of Adam.”(Bukhari and Muslim). This again brings us to people who eat food, such as garlic, which leaves a stench in one's mouth and then come to the mosque. Such careless attitude in hygiene bothers worshippers, yet it keeps happening out of neglect and not disrespect.
The other day I saw an old man criticizing youngsters who were praying next to each other after a football match wearing shirts of their favorite players with their names Cristiano Ronaldo, Messi, Xavi and Ibrahimovic on the shirt's back. They were angry at the young boys not only for wearing such shirts inside the mosque but also for their shorts that was of varying lengths. This brings us to people who come to the mosque with T-shirts imprinted with English adage that they don't understand. Some wear T-shirts with offensive words and others with gangster rapper sentences and sometimes even their pictures. I am sure this is being done out of ignorance and not disrespect.
But elders, family members and friends need to enforce the need for decorum to youngsters and each other while practicing what they preach. Mosques are places of worship that deserve respect from us. We need to respect them and protect them, especially from such violations that can be simply avoided with a little effort from all.
LOS ANGELES — The Los Angeles Dodgers placed right-hander Kenta Maeda and infielder Chase Utley on the 10-day disabled list on Wednesday.
Maeda was diagnosed with a mild left hip strain while Utley has a sprained left thumb. Right-hander Carlos Santana and ambidextrous pitcher Pat Venditte were recalled from Triple-A Oklahoma City on Wednesday.
With Maeda headed to the disabled list, that makes four of the Dodgers' five starters from their opening-day roster are sidelined with an injury. Also on the DL are Clayton Kershaw (left biceps strain), Rich Hill (left middle finger blister) and Hyun-Jin Ryu (left groin strain). Kershaw is expected to return from the DL on Thursday and start against the Philadelphia Phillies.
Utley has just one start since May 22 and is in an 0-for-14 slump. Since getting two hits against Cincinnati on May 10, Utley is 2 for 29 over a 12-game stretch.  They are batting just .137 over 51 at-bats in May.
Maeda was removed from their start Tuesday against the Phillies in the second inning. They received a visit on the mound from the team's medical staff on consecutive batters and came out of the game after striking out pitcher Jake Arrieta.
Manager Dave Roberts sounded optimistic that Maeda would miss just one start, but admitted that they would not rush their right-hander's return.
"I felt the sensation at the end of my last outing and worked on it between starts," Madea said through a team interpreter. "I thought I could pitch through it but as I was in a game situation, I felt it getting worse and worse and I think my teammates and coaches started to realize that."
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Doug Padilla, The Associated Press
ISIS Claims Responsibility In Turkish Nightclub Attack; U.S. Man Among The Wounded
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
The Islamic State issued a statement on Monday saying it was responsible for the attack on a New Year's Eve celebration at a nightclub in Istanbul, Turkey, in which at least 39 people were killed.
At least 25 of those killed were foreign nationals. Funerals for some of the victims began on Sunday.
Reuters received a copy of the statement by ISIS:
"In continuation of the blessed operations that Islamic State is conducting against the protector of the cross, Turkey, a heroic soldier of the caliphate struck one of the most famous nightclubs where the Christians celebrate their apostate holiday."
NPR's Peter Kenyon reported on Sunday that Turkish officials identified several possible culprits for the shooting, including the Islamic State, Kurdish militants or far-left groups.
Nearly 70 people were wounded, among them a 35-year-old business person from Delaware, according to the State Department.
The search for the attacker, who has not yet been identified, is still underway, says Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu. Police believe they carried out the attack alone.
At Reina, one of Istanbul's most popular nightclubs, it's believed some 500 to 600 revelers were celebrating the start of the new year. Reuters reports that the attacker shot at a police officer and at civilians before entering the nightclub. Many insides were said to have jumped into the neighboring Bosphorus waterway in an attempt to save themselves from the gunfire.
Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers key insights on the global bioprocessing analytics equipment market in an upcoming report titled “Bioprocessing Analytics Equipment Market: Global Industry Analysis 2013–2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018 – 2028”. In terms of revenue, the global bioprocessing analytics equipment market is anticipated to register a CAGR of 4.5% over the forecast period, owing to various factors, regarding which FMI offers detailed insights and forecasts in this report.
Bioprocessing Analytics Equipment Market: Segmental Analysis
The global bioprocessing analytics equipment market is segmented based on product type, application, end user and region. Based on product type the market is segmented into osmometers and bioprocess analysers. Osmometers is the leading product type in the bioprocessing analytics equipment market over the forecast period. North America is expected to gain popularity over the forecast period, driven by cell-based bioprocesses extensively utilised for therapeutics protein production. Manual monitoring of such bioprocesses is labour intensive and can lead to errors in the production process. Due to rapid advancements in technology, manufacturers have developed integrated multi-functional analysers, which combine the functionality of different single analyzers (like cell counters, osmometers, nutrient/electrolyte/metabolite bio-profile analyzers) into one technologically enabled novel sampling system to analyse the culture medium automatically. The integration of multiple functionality allows feedback control of parameters and reduces error rates in bioprocessing.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/REP-GB-5405
The market is further categorised based on application into clinical and industrial applications. The industrial application segment is expected to lead in the global bioprocessing analytics equipment market during the assessment period. Demand for bioprocessing analytics equipment is anticipated to be the highest across various industries, and the industrial segment is projected to register a CAGR of 4.4% over the forecast period.
The market is further classified based on end users. End user segments include Biopharmaceutical Companies, Contract Research Organization (CROs), Contract Manufacturing Organizations (CMOs), Academics & Research Institutes, and Clinical Diagnosis. Biopharmaceutical companies are the largest end users of bioprocessing analytics equipment while demand for bioprocessing analytics equipment is expected to be the highest in Biopharma companies – anticipated to register a growth rate of 3.9% over the forecast period.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-5405
Bioprocessing Analytics Equipment Market: Regional Forecast
This report assesses trends that are driving the growth of each market segment at the global as well as regional level, and offers potential takeaways that could prove substantially useful to manufacturers looking to enter the market. The North America market is estimated to dominate the global bioprocessing analytics equipment market, accounting for a maximum revenue share of the market by 2018 end. The Western Europe and APECJ markets are collectively expected to account for around 39.2% of the total bioprocessing analytics equipment market share in terms of value by 2018 end. Revenue from the market in APECJ is projected to expand at a CAGR of 5.9% over the forecast period.
Burglars stole items from a camera shop in Harrogate after cutting through the shutter under cover of darkness.
North Yorkshire Police today released details of the break-in at Bass and Bligh camera shop as officers appealed for witnesses.
Also in crime: Police pursuit on A64 in North Yorkshire ends with arrest of two Bradford men
A spokesperson said the burglars had gained entry to the shop in Beulah Street by cutting the shutter at some point during the early hours of yesterday.
They said a number of items were stolen before those responsible left the scene.
"Police would like to speak with anyone who was in the area of Beulah Street, who witnessed anything suspicious, between the hours of 2am and 5.30am," they added.
Also in crime: Bike stolen from window display at shop in Harrogate
Anyone with information is asked to email James.Skaith@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or call the force on 101, select option 2, and ask to speak to James Skaith.
Alternatively, call Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111 to share information anonymously.
Please quote the North Yorkshire Police reference number 12180069235.
Also in crime: CCTV image of man issued after bank cards stolen from Ripon hotel
RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) — Palestinian officials said Wednesday that there's no alternative to Palestinian statehood, expressing concern over the Trump administration suggestions that a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict may be optional.
It remains unclear if the comments on the issue by a senior U.S. official ahead of Wednesday's White House meeting between President Donald Trump and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu signal a shift in long-standing U.S. policy.
Netanyahu is under growing pressure from right-wing Cabinet ministers to abandon the goal of a two-state solution — an idea they publicly endorsed several years ago, albeit with reservations.
Critics say that in any case, Israel's policy of settlement expansion on war-won land is making such a partition deal increasingly difficult.
“All the Cabinet ministers oppose a Palestinian state, including Netanyahu,” Gilad Erdan, a Cabinet minister and member of Netanyahu's Likud Party, told Israel's Army Radio on Wednesday.
Far-right education minister Naftali Bennett warned last week that “the earth will shake” if Trump and Netanyahu declare a commitment to a Palestinian state in their meeting.
In Washington, a senior White House official told reporters on Tuesday that Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hopes to bring them together soon.
But the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand, said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
The Palestinians seek a state in the West Bank, Gaza Strip and east Jerusalem, lands Israel captured in the 1967 Mideast War. The contours of a solution have emerged in previous U.S.-led negotiations, including a border that is based on the 1967 lines but would include mutual land swaps to accommodate some of the larger Jewish settlements close to Israel.
Support for a two-state solution was reaffirmed at an international conference in Paris last month, with representatives from more than 70 countries and organizations.
“The two-state solution is not something we just came up with,” Husam Zomlot, an adviser to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, said Wednesday.
“We Palestinians are aligned with the international vision for peace, officially recognizing Israel in 1993, in the 1967 borders … However, Israel never reciprocated and continues to undermine the prospects for a solution,” they added.
Hanan Ashrawi, a Palestinian spokesperson, said in a statement that in withdrawing support for a two-state solution, the Trump administration “would be destroying the chances for peace and undermining American interests, standing and credibility abroad.”
It was not clear if the Trump White House had intended to declare a major policy shift during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night.
State Department officials expressed surprise at the comments and said they were not aware of any policy shift on the desirability of a two-state solution.
Netanyahu and Trump are to meet at the White House. They will hold a joint news conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch. The Israeli leader will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts, expanded Israeli settlements and Iran — as well as Trump's campaign pledge to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The embassy move would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a move that would infuriate Palestinians. They claim the eastern sector of the city, captured by Israel in the 1967 war, as their capital.
___
Associated Press writers Mohammed Daraghmeh in Ramallah, West Bank, and Daniel Estrin in Jerusalem contributed to this report.
When U.S. players walked onto the field for their opener at the Under-17 World Cup against India in New Delhi, they were greeted by India Prime Minister Narendra Modi, dressed in white, in front of a crowd of 46,312.
“I think it was amazing. I know walking out of the tunnel I had a smile on my face,” U.S. defender Chris Durkin said after scoring the second goal in the Americans' 3-0 victory Friday. “It presented a tough game for us, because I could tell the Indian players were obviously very confident “
Josh Sargent converted a penalty kick in the first half, and Chris Durkin and Andrew Carleton added goals in the second.
“We didn't play great, to be fair. I think we can play much better,” U.S. coach John Hackworth said. “Our execution wasn't good in the final third.”
Sargent, a forward from O'Fallon, Missouri, who signed with Germany's Werder Bremen last month, was tripped in the penalty area and beat Dheeraj Moirangthem to the goalkeeper's right with a penalty kick in the 30th minute.
Durkin, who debuted for D.C. United in the 2016 U.S. Open Cup, doubled the lead in the 51st with a left-footed volley from just past the penalty spot that deflected in off a defender after India failed to clear Blaine Ferri's corner kick.
Carleton, who made their Major League Soccer debut for Atlanta United in May, rounded Moirangthem to score on a counter in the 84th after an Indian shot hit the crossbar and George Acosta collected the ball and made a through pass.
“It was a little bit frustrating. I felt like I almost had a couple earlier in the game.” Carleton said. “I feel like we were persistent, like we fought through it.”
The U.S. outshot India 19-8 and leads Group D on goal difference over Ghana, which opened with a 1-0 win over Colombia. The Americans play Ghana on Monday in New Delhi and Colombia on Thursday at Navi Mumbai.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By Melissa Hanson, MassLive
Have you ever wondered what it pays to be a college president?
In Massachusetts, the leaders of colleges and universities take home vastly different paychecks, some as high as $2 million and others as low as zero dollars.
For private colleges, the pay amounts listed below are from 990 tax forms, which list reportable compensation from the organization. In most cases, the 990 for 2016 was the most recent tax form available.
In the case of public colleges, payroll data for 2017 was available.
However, university salaries do not come entirely from taxpayer money, as universities gets research grants, fundraises and is paid for services it provides.
Here's a look at what college and university presidents make.
OTTAWA — The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy commissioner Daniel Therrien says their office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the incident in media interviews, saying they helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
In a statement Monday, Therrien says their office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
GREY-BRUCE -
A new labour market planning board survey of workers and those looking for a job seeks “honest feedback” about their employment challenges.
For four years, the Four County Labour Market Planning Board has surveyed employers and published the results. Consistently, employers complained of labour shortages and that too many workers lacked the “soft skills” or “work ethic” needed.
“For the first time, we will be gathering information about why employees have quit jobs, and which factors are most important to people when they are looking for employment or considering switching jobs,” Gemma Mendez-Smith said in a news release announcing the survey.
Mendez-Smith is the executive director of the government-funded planning board, which covers Grey, Bruce, Huron and Perth counties. They tried for two years to fund a survey of workers and job seekers to hear their side of the story.
When funding requests failed, this online, anonymous, five-minute survey was created from within the planning board's own budgets to create a foundation to build on, Mendez-Smith said in an interview Wednesday.
“I do believe that we will get clarity on some of those pieces,” they said of the perceptions of employers about some employees' willingness to work, promptness, interpersonal skills and other qualities lumped in with “soft skills”.
They repeated comments they have made in this regard, noting sometimes people have “barriers to employment that could be perceived on the other end as an attitude or a work ethic issue. But really it is a life issue.”
These could include problems arranging rides to work, childcare challenges or personal issues like an apartment eviction, which may appear to an employer to be a lack of motivation to come to work if these explanations aren't understood.
There are up to 14 questions to fill out.
Do people working part-time want to work full-time? Some who have responded so far say part-time is all they want, Mendez-Smith said.
If you quit your job, why? What three things do you consider most important when looking for a job? What three things are the most important to stay at that job?
“What we're really wanting to know is, what are the actionable items that we can respond to in an initiative or in some program that we develop?” Mendez-Smith said.
The online survey, at https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/EmployeeSurveyFCLMPB, will also be available on paper at Y Employment Services in Owen Sound and VIP Working Solutions in Walkerton. It opened for responses July 1 and may be filled out until Oct. 1. Results will be available in December.
“I am really excited that we are able to do this,” Mendez-Smith said, while they also acknowledged the survey is not as “robust” as they would have liked. “But certainly it's a great start for something that we can build upon in the future.”
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the US State Department is seeking information about the Obama administration's "facilitation" of Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak's attendance at the 2016 Republican National Convention, the conservative Judicial Watch advocacy group said in a press release on Tuesday.
"Judicial Watch announced it filed Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit against the US Department of State seeking all records regarding the Obama State Department facilitation of Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak's attendance at the 2016 Republican National Convention (RNC)," the release said.
The lawsuit seeks records about Kislyak's attendance at the 2016 convention, including communication between the State Department and Russian Embassy about the arrangements and records from the Diplomatic Security Service.
Judicial Watch said the State Department both funded and arranged for foreign ambassadors to attend the RNC.
© Sputnik / Maksim Blinov Russian Ex-Ambassador to US Kislyak Comments on Mueller's Indictment
The release claimed Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused themselves from the Russia investigation, leading to the appointment of a Special Counsel, because of a conversation they had with Kislyak at the RNC and another event co-hosted by the State Department.
In June, the US Justice Department said in a press release that Sessions participated in the Trump campaign, and "for that reason, and that reason alone, the Attorney General made the decision on March 2, 2017 to recuse themselves from any existing or future investigations of any matters related in any way to the campaigns for President of the United States."
Tom Fitton, President of Judicial Watch, said in the release that the goal of the lawsuit is to help the watchdog group figure out the Obama administration's role in getting the Russian Ambassador to the Republican convention.
Judicial Watch has been accused on several occasions of not being a government watchdog but, rather, a pro-Trump and pro-conservative advocacy group. The founder of Judicial Watch, Larry Klayperson, for years pushed the conspiracy theory that President Barack Obama was a Muslim communist born in Africa and not a US citizen. Klayperson was also involved in lawsuits against the Clintons dating back to when Bill Clinton was governor of Arkansas — more than three decades ago.
Many of Barrett's reforms have stood the test of time, including the Agricultural Land Reserve and Pharmacare.
"What they were able to accomplish in a three-year mandate was extraordinary," Horgan once said in an interview.
Horgan said they were working in Ottawa when Barrett was elected as a federal New Democrat in the late 1980s. Barrett ran to lead the federal NDP in 1989, but lost to Audrey McLaughlin.
"When they came to Ottawa it was like nobody had ever seen anything quite like them before," said Horgan. "He came to Ottawa with a B.C. swagger. They were so brash and so out there, and holding court."
But it was Barrett's political rivalry with the Bennett family, former premiers W.A.C. Bennett and Bill Bennett, that provided the ingredients for B.C.'s left-right, no-holds-barred politics, said Horgan.
Barrett dethroned the elder Bennett in the 1972 election, but lost to the younger Bennett in 1975, 1979 and 1983.
"In the day, from the late 1960s to the middle of the 1980s, there was a battle between not just two perspectives, but two powerful people that became iconic in B.C. history," said Horgan. "They shaped the B.C. battles, the politics the rest of the country looked at. It was the clash of these two giants that held sway over two political dynasties, the Socreds and the NDP."
Brian Smith, a former Social Credit attorney general, said Barrett and Bennett would stare each other down during long debates in the legislature.
"Barrett and Bennett personally disliked each other," said Smith. "It was palpable. Barrett would sit there and stare at Bennett and try and put the whammy on him."
But Smith said they saw Barrett's sense of justice and compassion in action in 2006 when the former premier testified as a character witness for a Victoria barber convicted of tax offences. Smith said Barrett's testimony convinced the judge to sentence the barber to house arrest rather than jail.
"I thought, Dave Barrett, you are a pretty neat guy. Even in your failing years you have time to help somebody," said Smith. "That was Dave Barrett at their best."
In 2010, B.C.'s Liberal government renamed the viewpoint in Cypress Provincial Park in North Vancouver as Barrett's View.
In Opposition in 1964, Barrett pressed the government to preserve forest land in Cypress Bowl from development and in 1975, as premier, Barrett established Cypress Park.
Barrett received the Order of Canada in 2005 and the Order of British Columbia in 2012.
BRIEF-Baofeng Group says dividend payment date on June 20
* Says it will pay a cash dividend of 0.250044 yuan (before tax) per 10 shares and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2.000354 new shares for every 10 shares for 2016, to shareholders of record on June 19
TORONTO — The Bank of Montreal joined its peers in delivering second-quarter profits that beat expectations as Canada's Big Five banks earned a collective $10.6 billion — up nearly 11 per cent from a year ago.
Canada's biggest banks also handily beat analyst estimates for adjusted profits, brushing off concern about the impact of a cooling real estate market amid tighter mortgage lending guidelines.
"The market is in various stages of worry about the outlook for the mortgage market in particular, but the results themselves seem to indicate that a lot of that worry is misplaced," said Meny Grauman, an analyst with Cormark Securities in Toronto.
BMO was the last of the biggest banks to report its earnings for three-month period ended April 30 on Wednesday.
Its second-quarter net profit of $1.25 billion was relatively flat compared with a year ago, but included a $192-million after-tax restructuring charge primarily related to severance costs. Canada's fourth-largest lender also raised its quarterly dividend to 96 cents per share, up three cents from 93 cents in its previous quarter.
BMO said it earned $2.20 per share on an adjusted basis for the quarter, up from $1.92 per share a year ago. Analysts on average had expected the bank to earn $2.12 per share, according to Thomson Reuters Eikon.
Like its rivals, BMO benefited from strong earnings on both sides of the border. Its Canadian banking arm saw net income rise 11 per cent to $590 million. And although home sales activity across the country in April hit a monthly low not seen in years, due to factors including a new stress test for uninsured mortgages as of Jan. 1 and higher interest rates, BMO's total Canadian residential mortgage portfolio grew by 2.2 per cent to $106.4 billion in the latest quarter.
"BMO's results this quarter demonstrate strong performance and momentum in our U.S. and Canadian (personal and commercial) banking and wealth businesses," said Darryl White, BMO's chief executive officer, in a statement.
The other Big Five banks generated strong earnings at home as well. TD's Canadian retail division net income was up 17 per cent compared with last year. RBC's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a seven per cent increase in net income, while Scotiabank's domestic banking division saw a five per cent increase and CIBC's Canadian personal and small business banking division reported a 16 per cent increase in net income.
International growth was a bright spot for the Canadian lenders as well, and a big contributor to the $10.6 billion in net income attributable to shareholders amongst them during the quarter.
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when they caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as they tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from them and they were charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
Keuchel, the 2015 AL Cy Young Award winner, known as much for their beard as their devastating sinker, was cheered on by Houston's other famous bearded superstar as Rockets guard James Harden watched from a front-row seat behind home plate.
Keuchel's father, Dennis, also was in attendance and multiple television shots showed them looking a mixture of excited and nervous as they gazed at their son's work.
The left-hander had trouble settling in early and after needing 30 pitches to get through the second inning, it looked like their third post-season start might be a short one. But they struck out the last two batters of that inning as the first of 13 straight they retired.
Keuchel exited to a standing ovation after walking Hanley Ramirez with two outs in the sixth inning.
Altuve, who hit .346 this year, kept punishing pitchers. After singling in their first two trips to the plate, giving them five hits in the series, the Red Sox had seen enough and intentionally walked them in the fourth. That drew a loud chorus of boos from the home crowd, which greeted Altuve with a standing ovation in their first at-bat.
Many fans held signs saying that Altuve should be this season's MVP and one behind home plate proclaimed in sparkly multi-colored letters: "Altuve, He's Pretty Good."
Boston also gave them a free pass in the sixth inning, but had to pitch to them in the seventh with the bases loaded and two outs. Austin Maddox, who gave up Altuve's third homer on Thursday, jumped into the air and pumped their fist after striking them out.
It didn't matter much. Even with the strikeout, their average in the series is .714.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Betts looks as if they might have hurt their wrist on a swing in the eighth inning. They finished the at-bat, but the Red Sox were looking at him.
UP NEXT
Doug Fister (5-9, 4.88 ERA), who pitched for the Astros last season, will start for Boston in Game 3 on Sunday. The Astros have yet to announce their Game 3 starter.
By Kristie Rieken, The Associated Press
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The former chief executive of Bristol City Council was paid through a personal company which could have enabled them to avoid paying high tax rates, a Conservative councillor has revealed.
Councillor for Westbury-on-Trym and Henleaze, Geoff Gollop, says they are "incensed" the council paid Anna Klonowski's wage through a ‘personal service company' while they worked in the authority's finance department on a temporary contract.
However, Bristol Mayor Marvin Rees has described Mr Gollop's disclosure as "disingenuous" and claims the arrangement was made "on their watch".
Commonly used by contractors, personal service companies allow individuals to split money received from employers between salary and dividend payments to avoid paying higher rates of tax.
While seen by some as unethical, there is nothing illegal about personal service companies. Public firms –including the BBC – have banned the use of the companies and there are calls for the government to impose similar rules for private businesses.
Bristol City Council accounts show Ms Klonowski's was paid £136,752 in the 2016/17 financial year through the company Elka Solutions, of which they are a director.
It is understood the arrangement was in place between November 2015 and March 2016 – a month after they took up the position of chief executive.
The payment method would have been set up under the administration of inaugural mayor, George Ferguson. However, it would have fallen under the responsibility of the chief executive of the time - Nicola Yates - who left the council in 2016 with a £200,000 payoff.
Mr Gollop now wants Bristol Mayor, Marvin Rees to explain why they allowed the practice to continue for ten months and why they did not speak out about the arrangement when they were made aware of it.
“I do not see this as a battle between myself and Marvin, they were not responsible for the initial arrangement," Mr Gollop said.
“But what they are responsible for is what happened afterwards and I do not understand why they didn't come out and say this is disgraceful when they found out about it.
“The mayor likes to talk about dealing with the pain of austerity whilst at the same time - by enabling their most highly paid officials to benefit from these beneficial contractual arrangements – contributing directly to our fiscal problems.”
Mr Gollop's question has raised more than a few eyebrows at City Hall as they were serving as the deputy mayor for finance in Mr Ferguson's cabinet when the arrangement was made.
“I am incensed about it. It is totally unacceptable that the council should be paying people in a way that they can potentially be avoiding tax,” Mr Gollop added.
“It would not have been my responsibility, members of the cabinet are specifically excluded from employment issues - that is the responsibility of the head of paid services. But it is another example of officers not telling councillors what is going on.
“I want to ensure that people are aware of what has happened and what has gone on, I think it is extremely relevant given the council's financial situation.”
Mr Rees has hit back at the Conservative councillor and instead claims they are responsible for the arrangement.
"It seems disingenuous that Geoff Gollop is only raising these issues now," Mr Rees said.
"The decisions to hire the people they refer to and use the agency they refer to were both made on their watch.
"Councillor Gollop was Mayor Ferguson's deputy Mayor and cabinet lead for Finance and HR for the period that led to the failures highlighted by the Bundred review.
"It is this administration who are working to ensure the organisation has robust financial measures in place and delivering for Bristol while not repeating the fundamental errors of the previous leadership."
Mr Ferguson has also denied knowing anything about Mr Klonowski's personal service company.
“I never met Anna Klonowski and I had nothing to do with their employment - that would have been the responsibility of the head of paid services,” they said.
“These things did not come to me as they are management issues.
“I am a bit fed up with political blame transfer that is taking place instead of getting things done.”
Ms Klonowski served as chief executive of Bristol City Council for seven months before leaving the £160,000-a-year role in September.
Them departure prompted questions about the appointment process and it is alleged that they left the council with a £70,000 payment in lieu of serving their six month notice period.
Mr Gollop will ask their question at the next full council meeting on Tuesday, December 12.
The Bristol Post has contacted Anna Klonowski's accountant for comment but neither their accountant nor Anna Klonowski have responded.
The Liberian Elbow Bump Is Your Good Friend During Flu Season
Enlarge this image Leif Parsons for NPR Leif Parsons for NPR
Lately I've been thinking a lot about the Liberian elbow bump.
When Ebola overtook the West African country in 2014, many people were afraid to shake hands and embrace in the customary way. That's understandable, because Ebola is spread by the exchange of bodily fluids during body-to-body contact.
So Liberians came up with a less touchy-feely greeting. They bumped elbows.
The reason I thought of the elbow bump was a comment made by a teacher in a hot yoga class I take. In a room heated to 96 degrees, the students work hard at their poses (and also lift weights and do cardio). (I know, it's wild!) After a strenuous set of exercises, the teacher called out, "High five your neighbor."
And I thought... really? Slap my sweaty and possibly germy palm up against the sweaty and possibly germy palm of a stranger? During a flu season that has been described as "severe."
Wouldn't an elbow bump be less risky?
So I spoke to a couple of experts. And I learned a few things about the way we get infected with colds and viruses. And about the advisability of high-fiving.
Your hands get you in trouble.
"A fact that a lot of people get shocked about is that 80 percent of all cold, flu and upper respiratory infections and diarrheal illnesses are passed along to us by your hands." That's what Dr. Mark Gendreau told me. He's the chief medical officer for Beverly and Addison Gilbert Hospitals in Massachusetts.
What happens is that a large infectious droplet from a cough or a sneeze (or maybe just plain talking or singing) lands on a surface, where it can survive "for up to 24 hours," says Gendreau. Then your hand makes contact. And then you do that thing that humans do 200 times a day or so — you touch your face. "If you introduce enough of the microorganism to your eyes, nose and mouth, you're going to get the infection," they say.
Good luck with not touching your face.
"It's very hard not to do it even if you're telling yourself not to do it," says Gendreau. "It's like in our DNA." I wanted to know why that is, and they said, "I don't think anybody really knows why."
So if you can't stop touching your face, then what?
First of all there is handwashing with sanitizer or soap "at least 15 to 20 seconds," says Gendreau. "The time is of the essence. The goal is to disrupt the cellular membrane of the microorganism [to] kill it."
And drink!
Sorry, I mean water, not booze. "There's a structure in the back of your mouth and nose and top portion of your lungs and trachea called the mucociliary complex, says Gendreau. They're like "little tiny air cells" that beat in an upward fashion nonstop to move stuff out of you. Stuff like germs. "They become less effective if you're dehydrated," they say.
Also perhaps try some North American ginseng and elderberry extract.
"They have really strong science behind them. They rev up your immune system, they have antiviral properties and they're safe," they say.
During an outbreak of the H1N1 swine flu pandemic, they say, the city of Calgary wanted to stockpile Tamiflu ("which is really iffy in terms of effectiveness" says Gendreau). But they couldn't find enough. So they went for ginseng instead. Gendreau cites a study of Canadian nursing home residents. All of them got a flu vaccine; then about 100 of them were given twice daily doses of 200 mL (about .05 teaspoons) of North American ginseng extract and another 100 or so got a placebo. In the ginseng group, there was only one case of respiratory illness versus seven in the non-ginseng group. That's a 90 percent reduction in risk!
As for "elderberry syrup," it was studied in Sweden, where researchers found give a 15 mL dose (about three teaspoons) of syrup four times a day for five days to one group of flu patients and a placebo syrup to another group. The elderberry sippers had relief from their symptoms four days earlier than the others.
Maybe you should worry more about what's in the air than what's on someone's hands.
In a new study in PNAS, Dr. Donald Milton says that they found that maybe those big infectious droplets shed in coughs and sneezes aren't the big problem. The body is pretty good at warding them off, they say. But fine particles of infectious material that people simply breathe out when they're sick "will penetrate deeper in the lung," says Milton, a medical doctor and professor of environmental health at the University of Maryland.
In their study they found that "48 percent of the fine aerosol samples acquired in the absence of coughing had detectable viral RNA." So if you have a fever but aren't coughing or sneezing, maybe you should consider staying home, Milton suggests. They stress that more research needs to be done about the potential risk posed by these fine particles, "but it has tremendous implications for hospital infection control." Not to mention what's hanging in the air in my yoga class!
As for my high-fiving dilemma...
Gendreau says the riskiest type of person-to-person contact is mouth-to-cheek (so be wary of air kisses and full body hugs). "The bro hug is moderate risk," they say. That's a handshake that leads into a hug with a back pat.
"Handshake or high five is probably mild risk. Palm to palm is slightly riskier than knuckle to knuckle," they say. "Bacteria tend to congregate on the palm."
"I can high five you but you should wash your hands afterward," says Milton.
As for the Liberian elbow exchange: "Smart thing," says Gendreau.
"A very good thing," agrees Milton. "I like elbow bumps."
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-AR) “came under fire at a raucous town Monday, as constituents pelted the Arkansas Republican on topics ranging from Donald Trump's tax returns and possible ties to Russia to the GOP push to repeal Obamacare,” Politico reports.
“It was the latest in a string of confrontations between GOP lawmakers and voters during Congress' two-week spring recess, coming on the heels of the party's failed bid to overturn the Democratic health care law. Cotton, a rising star in the Republican Party seen as a potential White House aspirant in time, withstood 90 minutes of boos and occasional cheers from an oft-agitated crowd in Little Rock, Arkansas.”
A 4 1/2-year-old autistic child has apparently drowned in a pond at a Tampa apartment complex.
According to Tampa police, David Sikes was able to open the door of the family's apartment at Clipper Bay Apartments at 6727 S Lois Ave. while their mother was taking a nap. When they woke up, they called 911.
After a search, David was found in one of the ponds around the complex. Resuscitation efforts were unsuccessful.
Stay with WTSP.com for updates.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email tips@wtsp.com, visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
© 2018 WTSP
Researchers at Carnegie Mellon University have used an inexpensive 3-D printer to produce flat plastic items that, when heated, fold themselves into predetermined shapes, such as a rose, a boat or even a bunny.
Lining Yao, assistant professor in the Human-Computer Interaction Institute and director of the Morphing Matter Lab, said these self-folding plastic objects represent a first step toward products such as flat-pack furniture that assume their final shapes with the help of a heat gun. Emergency shelters also might be shipped flat and fold into shape under the warmth of the sun.
Self-folding materials are quicker and cheaper to produce than solid 3-D objects, making it possible to replace noncritical parts or produce prototypes using structures that approximate the solid objects. Molds for boat hulls and other fiberglass products might be inexpensively produced using these materials.
Yao will present their group's research on this method, which they call Thermorph, at CHI 2018, the Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems, April 21-26 in Montreal, Canada.
Other researchers have explored self-folding materials, but typically have used exotic materials or depended on sophisticated processing techniques not widely available. Yao and their research team were able to create self-folding structure by using the least expensive type of 3-D printer -- an FDM printer -- and by taking advantage of warpage, a common problem with these printers.
"We wanted to see how self-assembly could be made more democratic --accessible to many users," Yao said.
FDM printers work by laying down a continuous filament of melted thermoplastic. These materials contain residual stress and, as the material cools and the stress is relieved, the thermoplastic tends to contract. This can result in warped edges and surfaces.
"People hate warpage," Yao said. "But we've taken this disadvantage and turned it to our advantage."
To create self-folding objects, they and their team precisely control this process by varying the speed at which thermoplastic material is deposited and by combining warp-prone materials with rubber-like materials that resist contracture.
The objects emerge from the 3-D printer as flat, hard plastic. When the plastic is placed in water hot enough to turn it soft and rubbery -- but not hot enough to melt it -- the folding process is triggered.
Though they used a 3-D printer with standard hardware, the researchers replaced the machine's open source software with their own code that automatically calculates the print speed and patterns necessary to achieve particular folding angles.
"The software is based on new curve-folding theory representing banding motions of curved area. The software based on this theory can compile any arbitrary 3-D mesh shape to an associated thermoplastic sheet in a few seconds without human intervention," said Byoungkwon An, a research affiliate in HCII.
"It's hard to imagine this being done manually," Yao said.
Though these early examples are at a desktop scale, making larger self-folding objects appears feasible.
"We believe the general algorithm and existing material systems should enable us to eventually make large, strong self-folding objects, such as chairs, boats or even satellites," said Jianzhe Gu, HCII research intern.
###
An, Gu and Ye Tao of Yao's research group are lead authors of the research paper, collaborating with other researchers from CMU, Zhejiang University, Syracuse University, University of Aizu, and TU Wien.
ZSL Whipsnade Zoo has finished restoration work on the Whipsnade White Lion, a famous chalk image that has overlooked the Dunstable Downs in Bedfordshire since 1933.
CLICK THE LINK ABOVE OR THE ICON IN THE MAIN IMAGE TO VIEW A PICTURE GALLERY OF THE CHALK LION RESORATION
No Caption ABCDE PNL-180319-113333001
Following the donation of more than 800 tonnes – or 50 lorry loads – of chalk, the Zoo was able to start resurfacing the iconic landmark in September 2017. Winter weather and a steep incline made the restoration work challenging, but the final load of chalk was carefully smoothed out over the lion's mane today (Tuesday 20 March).
General manager of ZSL Whipsnade Zoo, Owen Craft said: “We are delighted to have restored this iconic landmark to its original glory. ZSL Whipsnade Zoo is incredibly proud of the Whipsnade White Lion, which has stood proudly overlooking the Dunstable Downs since 1933.
“As a site of Special Scientific Interest, the Whipsnade White Lion and the area around it are cared for by the Zoo all year round, using environmentally-friendly products to protect the native plants and animals. This new coating of chalk has made a huge difference to the eye-catching brilliance of the landmark and I can't wait for all our Easter visitors, as well as our wonderful, local communities, to see it looking so great, as they drive towards the Zoo.”
The Whipsnade White Lion was designed by R.B. Brook-Greaves, and work began to create it in November 1931. By the following April, the rough outline of the 147 metre-long lion was visible on the side of the Dunstable Downs. Ivinghoe Beacon was often used as a vantage point to check the accuracy of the outline. Almost two acres of land had to be cleared to reveal the chalk, and the lion was finally finished in the spring of 1933. During the Second World War, the lion was covered to prevent it from being used by enemy aircraft as a navigation point. In May 1981, as part of ZSL Whipsnade Zoo's 50th anniversary celebrations, the lion was illuminated using 750 lightbulbs.
Owen Craft continued: “This Easter, our family activities at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo centre around celebrating animal superpowers, and what could be a greater symbol of that than a 147 metre-long super-lion!”
Superpowers at ZSL Whipsnade Zoo runs every day from Friday 30 March to Sunday 15 April 2018.
Police are urgently appealing for information trace a man who has gone missing in Leeds.
Adam Spenceley, aged 34, was reported missing shortly after 2am today (Wednesday) from Leeds General Infirmary after they had attended the A&E department.
images from the hospital CCTV this morning.
West Yorkshire Police says it is "very concerned" for them and believe they may be sleeping rough in a vehicle.
 They are described as white, five feet, eight inches tall, slim, with strawberry blonde hair and is pictured on the hospital CCTV.
Det Insp Phil Jackson, of Leeds District CID, said: “We are very concerned for Adam's welfare and urgently need to find them and check that they are okay.
“We have some information that suggests they may be sleeping rough in a vehicle and we would like to hear urgently from anyone who has seen them or who has any information that could assist in tracing him.”
Anyone with information is asked to contact Leeds District CID via 101 quoting log number 158 of July 4.
Peterborough Cathedral is getting ready to host its first ever Christmas Market on Saturday (December 2), with stallholders bringing all manner of Christmas craft and gift items for sale.
Amongst the stalls will be artist designed jewellery, ceramics, scented candles, upcycled homewares, poinsettias, Christmas cakes, cards and decorations.
Becket's Tea Room will also be running a stall with seasonal refreshments, and there will be stalls for charities including Help for Heroes.
The Market is open on Saturday from 10.00am until 4.30pm. Donations of £2 per adult are invited on entry.
There is also a preview of the Market tonight (Friday), from 6.30pm until 9.00pm, when mulled wine will be served. Donations of £5 per adult are invited on entry.
Samsung Electronics Co. is set to face hurdles in drawing up business strategies as its top executive Vice Chairman Lee Jae-yong has remained behind bars for nearly four months, industry watchers said Thursday.
Lee has been imprisoned since February amid their alleged connection to a political scandal which led to the ouster of former President Park Geun-hye.
(Yonhap)
The heir to South Korea's largest family-run conglomerate Samsung Group, which encompasses the world's largest smartphone manufacturer, is suspected of providing favors to Park's confidante in return for winning approval for the group's restructuring efforts from South Korea's state pension fund. The pension fund holds significant stakes in the group's affiliates that were merged.While Samsung has been maintaining its routine businesses, releasing the Galaxy S8 smartphone earlier this year, industry watchers said the absence of Lee, who is involved in all key decisions, may emerge as a major drag in terms of future strategies amid intensifying challenges from industrial late-comers.Samsung Electronics' move to seek mergers and acquisitions as well as allocating major investment has been hindered by the imprisonment. There have been no new acquisitions made by Samsung since the company bought Harman International in November last year.Industry watchers said Samsung is set to post robust earnings for the second quarter on the back of the global boom of chip industry, but the company still needs to come up with a sustainable growth plan going forward."Samsung's current heyday was made possible through its future strategies made three to five years ago," a company official said."It is hard to predict what kind of side-effects the company will face three to five years later amid the absence of the leader at this critical juncture." (Yonhap)
AGAWAM -- The Town of Agawam is using a state grant to partner with the University of Massachusetts to study the town's economy and development trajectory, which will help the town strategize on how best to grow its economy, according to Mayor William P. Sapelli.
Sapelli says the $18,500 grant, underwritten by the state's Department of Administration & Finance in conjunction with the Baker-Polito administration's Community Compact program, will be used to fund an "economic development self-assessment and community readiness study" by the Edward J. Collins Jr. Center for Public Management at UMass Boston.
"We look forward to working with the Collins Center on this economic trends report and community readiness assessment," the mayor said Tuesday. "In order to effectively strategize on how to grow the town's economy, it's important to understand how our economy has evolved over time and how to best position us within the region, the state, and the country."
The Collins Center study will involve a comprehensive analysis of multiple significant data points, including town employment statistics, local revenue sources, and land usage.
Up to three public meetings will be held in Agawam to gather information on the town's organizational structure, zoning, permitting processes, transportation accessibility, sewer and water availability, and developable land, according to Marc A. Strange, director of Agawam's Office of Planning & Community Development.
On the economic development front, the City Council recently approved the mayor's district improvement financing plan for the area surrounding the old Games & Lanes site on Walnut Street Extension.
The formerly contaminated parcel has undergone environmental remediation and the long-vacant building was razed last summer. Now it's time for a viable vision for the beat-up business district, which also includes the former Agawam Motor Lodge and Getty station properties near the corner of Suffield and Main streets.
"We appreciate the City Council's commitment to redeveloping our Walnut Street Extension shopping area and look forward to working with developers on a plan to construct facilities that will attract quality tenants," they said.
Kristen Ghodsee: “A comparative sociological study of East and West Germans conducted after reunification in 1990 found that Eastern women had twice as many orgasms as Western women. Researchers marveled at this disparity in reported sexual satisfaction, especially since East German women suffered from the notorious double burden of formal employment and housework. In contrast, postwar West German women had stayed home and enjoyed all the labor-saving devices produced by the roaring capitalist economy. But they had less sex, and less satisfying sex, than women who had to line up for toilet paper.”
“This generational divide between daughters and mothers who reached adulthood on either side of 1989 supports the idea that women had more fulfilling lives during the Communist era. And they owed this quality of life, in part, to the fact that these regimes saw women's emancipation as central to advanced ‘scientific socialist' societies, as they saw themselves.”
WWE News: Big Championship rematch takes place after SmackDown live goes off air
A rematch from Backlash was conducted after the cameras stopped rolling this week on SD Live.
Carmella
What's the story?
Following the conclusion of this week's episode of SmackDown Live, current SmackDown Women's Champion Carmella defended their championship belt against former-champion Charlotte Flair in a dark match.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
In case you didn't know…
After winning the first ever Women's Money in the Bank ladder match last year, Carmella successfully cashed in their MITB briefcase on Charlotte Flair on the 10th of April on an episode of SmackDown Live, in order to become the new SmackDown Live Women's Champion, following outside interference from the debuting IIconics.
Carmella, who in the meantime also became the longest reigning wrestler to hold the MITB briefcase at 287 days, would then go on to successfully defend their Championship against Charlotte in a rematch at this year's Backlash pay-per-view.
The heart of the matter
The dark main event of this week's edition of SmackDown Live, following the culmination of 205 Live, saw SmackDown Live Women's Champion Carmella retains over former-champion Charlotte Flair when ‘The Princess of Staten Island' pinned the latter with their feet on the rope.
However, following the match, Charlotte Flair proceeded to assault Carmella and left the champion laying on the ground, in order to send the crowd home happy and end this week's tapings.
What's next?
Carmella now has the daunting task of defeating ‘The Empress of Tomorrow' Asuka at the upcoming Money in the Bank pay-per-view, where the former will defend their SD Live Women's Title against the Japanese sensation.
On the other hand, Charlotte Flair will battle their close companion Becky Lynch next week on SmackDown Live, ahead of their Women's Money in the Bank ladder match on the 17th of June at the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois.
Both Charlotte Flair and Asuka will also be joined by the likes of Ember Moon, Alexa Bliss, Sasha Banks, Naomi, Lana and Natalya at the second annual Women's Money in the Bank ladder match.
Who do you think will win a match between Carmella and Asuka and why? Let us know in the comments below. You can also send us news tips at fightclub@sportakeeda.com.
Within the framework of the first official visit of the President of Kyrgyzstan Sooronbai Jeenbekov to Uzbekistan , Kyrgyz business people will also go to Tashkent to build on ties. This was announced today at the briefing by the head of the foreign policy department of the presidential administration Aizada Subakozhoeva.
According to her, together with the country's president, about 100 business people from Kyrgyzstan will leave for Uzbekistan . We are talking about the establishment of production lines, the creation of joint enterprises for the assembly of vehicles, household equipment, textile industries.
«The cooperation profile is broad. As our leaders agreed, conditions are created for establishing direct contacts between entrepreneurs and business entities. Tomorrow they start working in the morning. Businessmen will have an opportunity to communicate directly with each other,» Aizada Subakozhoeva stressed.
TORONTO — Two Ontario cabinet ministers announced Friday they won't seek re-election next year, adding to a growing tally of prominent Liberals bowing out at a time when the party struggles in the polls.
Both Deputy Premier Deb Matthews and Treasury Board President Liz Sandals, however, insist that is not the reason for their upcoming departures.
Matthews will remain as the Liberals' campaign co-chair through the election, saying they have enormous respect for Premier Kathleen Wynne.
"I am confident that, on June 7, 2018, the people of Ontario will give them and their team the mandate to continue to serve," Matthews wrote in a statement Friday.
Various polls would suggest a different outcome, however, with most putting the Liberals behind the Progressive Conservatives, and one survey even putting the Liberals in third, behind the NDP.
Sandals, 70, stressed that their 30 years of service and their age were behind their decision to retire.
"This was a challenging decision to make because while I'm ready to be a full-time grandmother, I've never had more faith in Premier Kathleen Wynne and the Ontario Liberal Party," they wrote in a statement.
"Over the last several months, I've spent time knocking on doors across Guelph and I know that our policies are resonating with my constituents."
Matthews, who was elected in 2003, will stay as the representative for London North Centre and as advanced education minister until the election. Sandals, who first got into politics through their local school board and was elected to the legislature in 2003, will stay as the representative for Guelph, Ont., and in cabinet until the election, too.
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid announced last month that they would not run in next year's provincial election.
MILAN — Bank boss Gaetano Micciche has been elected president of Serie A.
Micciche, the president of Banca IMI, was chosen unanimously on Monday by the Italian league's 20 clubs.
They succeed Maurizio Beretta, who left the position nearly a year ago.
The league has been under emergency leadership, first by former Italian football federation president Carlo Tavecchio then by Italian Olympic Committee president Giovanni Malago.
Police want to speak to a man about their "concerning behaviour" after they approached a 14-year-girl.
Witnesses to an incident in Seamer in North Yorkshire's Hambleton district, in which they reportedly asked the teenager for a hug, are being urged to contact the police.
A North Yorkshire Police spokesperson said: "It occurred close to the duck pond where Stokesley Road meets Holme Lane at around 5.15pm on Wednesday 27 June 2018.
"The man approached the 14-year-old girl, who was wearing their school PE kit, and tried to engage them in conversation before asking them for a hug.
"When the girl refused they questioned them further. The girl felt unnerved by their behaviour and wisely walked away. They told their family who reported the matter to the police."
The man, who spoke broken English, is yet to be identified, police said.
The spokesperson added: "Officers are appealing for witnesses or anyone with information that could help to locate the man to come forward as soon as possible. They need to speak to them about their behaviour.
"The man is described as having a dark skin tone, possibly Indian, aged around 50, about 5ft 10in tall, chubby build, dark hair that was short and flat on top, stubble on their face and a 'gormless' expression.
"He was wearing a burgundy-coloured jumper with a light-coloured shirt collar visible underneath, black office-style trousers and black shoes. They were holding a mobile phone with a white flip case and a retractable car key fob."
Police can be contacted on 101.
A ban on the grizzly bear trophy hunt in British Columbia and an end to all grizzly hunting in the Great Bear Rainforest will come into effect as of November 30th this year.
The trophy hunt ban means no one will be able to be in possession of a grizzly hide, head or paws. However, hunting for bear meat will be allowed to continue.
Minister of Forests, Lands, Natural Resource Operations and Rural Development Doug Donaldson made the announcement today from Hazelton.
They say the NDP's promise to end the hunt is supported by most people in BC.
“In particular, we owe it to generations past and future to do all we can to protect the beauty and uniqueness of the Great Bear Rainforest. We believe the action we're taking goes beyond the commitment to Coastal First Nations made as part of the 2016 Great Bear Rainforest agreements.”
Donaldson says they'll be consulting with small communities and those that will be impacted economically such as guide outfitters ahead of rolling out the ban.
“Part of the consultation process is working with local communities as well and the local business sector as far as the impacts and looking at transitioning and looking at how those impacts can be mitigated,” says Donaldson.
They also say they'll be looking at what those that hunt for the meat of a grizzly will do with the head, paws and hide.
The announcement also comes with a commitment to start a Wildlife Management Strategy.
“The key elements of that strategy will include dedicated funding for wildlife and habitat conservation and a collaborative process in developing short and long-term plans for wildlife resources,” Donaldson said.
The province says there are an estimated 15,000 grizzly bears in British Columbia with approximately 250 taken each year by hunters.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It often feels like there's little to look forward to in these long winter months. Christmas is long gone, your wallet is empty after an indulgent December and it's still unbearably dark at 4.30pm - but then along comes the Six Nations every February to lift you out of your funk.
The competition provides a much-needed sporting boost every year, especially if England win the tournament like they did last year.
While you might not have been fortunate enough to get tickets to one of this year's matches, fortunately there are plenty of Bristol pubs where you can watch all the action live when it kicks off with Wales v Scotland at 2.15pm on Saturday, February 3rd.
You can view the full list of Six Nations fixtures here - but these are all the boozers in Bristol showing the games live.
Bristol city centre
King St Brew House
Molloy's
Millennium Square (big screen)
The Velindra
Prince Street Social
Old Fish Market
White Hart
Walkabout
Greenhouse
White Harte
Racks Bar and Kitchen
The Ship BS1
The Crown
Allstars
Clifton
Clifton Wine Bar
The Lansdown
The King's Arms
The Penny
The Jersey Lily
Gloucester Road
The Cider Press
The Anchor
Blue Lagoon
Bishops Tavern
Cat and Wheel
Hotwells
(Image: Rose of Denmark/Facebook)
The Bear
The Merchants Arm
Rose of Denmark
Bedminster
The Assembly
Westbury on Trym
The Victoria
The Mouse
The Black Swan
Fishponds
Old Post Office
Shirehampton
The Lifeboat Inn
With a robust art collection, rooms that have a residential feel and an overall romantic atmosphere, the renovation of the property contrasts sharply with the city's stereotypical glitz.
By The Associated Press
In this Dec. 6, 2017 photo, people walk through the newly renovated lobby at the Monte Carlo hotel and casino in Las Vegas. The Monte Carlo is undergoing renovations to become the Park MGM. (AP Photo/John Locher)
LAS VEGAS (AP) — The transformation of the antiquated Monte Carlo casino-hotel in Las Vegas into two higher-end properties is well underway.
With a robust art collection, rooms that have a residential feel and an overall romantic atmosphere, the renovation of the property contrasts sharply with the city's stereotypical glitz.
The changes will result in the 2,700-room Park MGM and the approximately 290-room NoMad Las Vegas.
MGM Resorts International partnered with New York hotelier Sydell Group for the project.
Sydell expects to have 90 percent of the Park MGM's rooms overhauled by next week. Guests are already being assigned renovated rooms, which feature a cozy nook with a picture window and built-in settee, eclectic artwork and accent walls.
The redesign is aimed at attracting younger, affluent visitors who favor modern aesthetics over kitschy themes.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
This is what the law says you can do when someone parks in front of your house
Restaurant chain, Nando's, is giving away free chicken to A-level students across the UK this week.
“On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level (or equivalent) results will be able to grab themselves a free quarter chicken or Firestarter* on that day,” a Nando's spokesperson confirmed.
Nando's
“Just bring your results papers, ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across the UK (excluding Scotland) and you will be eligible.
“Don't worry Nando's don't need to see your grades, unless you want to brag about them!”
The deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now and the offer is open to students who are legal residents of the UK with the exception of Scotland.
The offer runs until 17th August 2017 and can only be redeemed once.
For more information and the terms and conditions visit the Nandos website.
Is this the worst parking in Cambridge?
Best fish and chip shops in Cambridge
Five adorable dogs looking for a home
We take a look around the new Stir bakery
Ben Blowes is running the London Marathon with a
What are the healthiest Easter eggs out there?
Food hygiene inspections: what you need to know
Twelve of our favourite villages in Cambridgeshire
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Mazda driver has racked up an astonishing 74 parking tickets in Cambridge in a year, the News can reveal.
Data released by Cambridgeshire County Council transport chiefs after freedom of information request showed the worst ten offenders from April, 2016 to the end of March this year.
The driver has taken over the top spot from previous years when owners of Audis collected most tickets. It is also the first time a Mazda has made the table of shame.
In second spot was a Mercedes C180, which collected 46 parking fines followed by a VW Passat at 41.
The cost of a parking ticket in Cambridge is either £50 or £70 – depending on the reason it has been issued - but is reduced by half if paid within 14 days - one pound fewer that it costs to park in the Grand Arcade for more than five hours.
An Audi made the top spot in 2015/16 with a total of 71 tickets and an Audi which had a total of 104 tickets on its windscreen led the table in 2014/15.
But the owner of a BMW racked up a record-breaking 280 tickets in 2013/14.
The data about serial parking offenders previously fuelled calls for more parking enforcement outside schools, more double-yellow lines and more consideration for cyclists from “selfish motorists”.
The Audi driver, who racked up 104 fines, would have paid a minimum of £25 for each ticket – . But if they failed to pay up within 14 days, the bill could have hit of up to £5,200 for the tickets.
2016/17's top ten worst offenders
Mazda 2 - 74
Mercedes C180 - 46
VW Passat - 41
VW Polo - 37
Mercedes 711D - 31
Rover 25 - 31
Audi A3 - 30
Range Rover - 27
Mercedes CLK200 - 27
Renault Twingo - 25
2015/16's top ten worst offenders
Audi - 71
Ford - 68
Toyota - 40
Vauxhall - 36
VW - 33
Daihatsu - 33
Mercedes - 30
Audi - 29
Audi - 28
Peugeot - 26
2014/15's top ten worst offenders
Audi - 106
Renault - 69
BMW - 62
VW - 41
Audi - 40
Fiat - 34
Toyota - 33
BMW - 33
Honda - 33
Vauxhall - 31
Transport chiefs at Cambridgeshire County Council responsible for parking enforcement have been asked for comment.
Isle of Dogs
Embarking on their ninth feature film, second stop-animated project, and third straight collab with Production Designer Adam Stockhausen (2012's Moonrise Kingdom, 2014's The Grand Budapest Hotel), in the Isle of Dogs trailer alone we find all the usual wit, charm and microscopic attention to details that makes a Wes Anderson film viewing such a distinct cinematic treat.
This tells the story of ATARI KOBAYASHI, 12-year-old ward to corrupt Mayor Kobayashi. When, by Executive Decree, all the canine pets of Megasaki City are exiled to a vast garbage-dump called Trash Island, Atari sets off alone in a miniature Junior-Turbo Prop and flies across the river in search of their bodyguard-dog, Spots. There, with the assistance of a pack of newly-found mongrel friends, they begin an epic journey that will decide the fate and future of the entire Prefecture. Scarlett Johansson, Greta Gerwig, Jeff Goldblum, Bryan Cranston, Tilda Swinton, Kara Hayward, Frances McDormand, Edward Norton, Bill Murray, Liev Schreiber, Fisher Stevens, Harvey Keitel, F. Murray Abraham, Ken Watanabe, Courtney B. Vance, Bob Balaban and Yoko Ono are all part of the voice cast.
Release Date/Prediction: This is dropping at the Berlin Film Festival and will be released on March 23rd via Fox Searchlight.
THE late social scientist Dr. Ali Al-Wardi had narrated a story in which a religious scholar advised a disciple not to send their son to school and warned them about God's punishment if they did so. The man immediately removed their son from school rolls and repented. After some time, the man saw the scholar sending their own son to school without any prick of conscience. They then quickly sought admission for their daughter in the school. When the scholar came frightening them again talking about God's punishment, the man said: “Try to mislead another person this time. I don't want to send my daughter to work as a housemaid for your daughters. You have already made my son a sweeper for your sons.”
I remembered this story when a cleric, who used to oppose Saudi parents sending their children to Western universities for higher studies, circulated a congratulatory message through their Twitter account on the graduation of their son from an American university. Their tweet drew a large number of responses from social media activists attacking the cleric's double standard. Suddenly people saw them wearing a suit and celebrating their son's graduation in the US.
People could not believe the man's strange behavior. Actually, there is nothing unusual in the behavior of that cleric. We have noticed such double standards from scholars throughout Islamic history as well as among the clergy of other faiths. Napoleon Bonaparte once said: “I am surrounded by priests who repeat incessantly that their kingdom is not of this world, and yet they lay their hands on everything they can get .”
A few days ago a local newspaper published a statistical report on rising number of divorcees among working Saudi women, suggesting women's work is one of the major reasons for divorce cases in the Kingdom. Based on this report, some clerics tried to circulate messages through the social media to emphasize their argument that women working outside their homes would be catastrophic. At the same time, they do everything possible to get their daughters and sisters employed.
We should understand the fact that these religious scholars are also human beings and they show human nature by trying to protect their mundane interests. But the issue is they oppose every change in society. A substantial portion of society backs this resistance initially, thus obstructing resolutions to carry out reforms.
For example, a number of strategic plans have been formulated as part of Vision 2030 to expand job opportunities for women and expedite economic growth. The vision aims at encouraging foreign direct investment and boost trade. This requires enacting new commercial regulations and setting up of special commercial courts. Unfortunately, some clerics oppose this move saying it goes against the Shariah. By creating job opportunities for women, the government wants to reduce the unemployment rate but these clerics go against this policy frightening people about the punishment of God for allowing their women to work in a mixed environment.
Now my question is whether the public has realized the contradictions and double standards of these religious scholars? Some people may be suffering from mental conflicts in the beginning and when the conflict disappears they would see that contradiction. Others may legitimize such contradictions saying we are allowed to take positive things from the West. So I don't see any problem in the actions of some clerics that contradict their previous views.
We wish our religious clerics and preachers would not obstruct society's path to progress by sticking to outdated dogmas. They should build bridges of harmonious relationship between religious teachings and modern requirements. They should approach modern cultural and intellectual ideas and thoughts with an open mind and should not stand in the way of social and economic reforms. It's unfortunate that some members of society still live in the past and oppose new ideas and developments in light of their narrow and extremist views.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If there was one man ready to console an England player who missed a crucial spot-kick in the Three Lions' penalty shoot-out with Colombia on Tuesday night it was Gareth Southgate.
The England boss suffered this heartbreaking fate himself, when they missed a penalty against Germany in Euro 96.
But just because it wasn't an England player who experienced all the emotions they felt upon Eric Dier hitting the back of the net to send the Three Lions through and Colombia out, doesn't mean to say Southgate didn't feel sympathy for the opposition.
Brilliant pictures have emerged showing the England boss both celebrating their side's victory, but also consoling the devastated Colombia stars too.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The images say a lot about Southgate's character, and went down extremely well with England fans who pointed out their gesture on social media.
Southgate discussed their infamous penalty miss in the build-up to the Colombia game, saying: "I've learned a million things from that day and the years that followed it.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
"When something goes wrong in your life it doesn't finish you and you should become braver, knowing that you've got to go for things in life and don't regret because you didn't try to be as good as you might be.
"You must not be inhibited and if there's one thing I can instil in my players it's that I want them in this game to really attack the game, show people how good they might be and not walk off the field thinking 'I wish I'd just tried things that I've been trying up to this point', because up to this point it's stood us in good stead.
(Image: PA)
"I'm constantly talking to them about going for it in life and they've been able to change perceptions of how an England team might play and we mustn't lose sight of that."
Southgate started England's semi-final clash with Germany in Euro 96, in which Alan Shearer opened the scoring in just the third minute.
(Image: Popperfoto)
The Three Lions were hit back 13 minutes later however through Stefan Kuntz, and what followed after a frenetic start was a cagey affair between two well-matched sides.
After full time and extra time, in which the two teams couldn't be separated, the match went to a dreaded penalty shoot-out.
England has a history of failing in this discipline, but were buoyed by the fact they had just beaten Spain in a quarter-final shoot-out.
And it showed. The Three Lions netted all five of their first five spot-kicks - as did the Germans - and Sudden Death ensued.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Southgate was required to take this particularly nerve-racking penalty, which was saved by Andreas Kopke.
Andreas Moller then stepped up for Germany and buried their shot past David Seaman to send England out of the tournament and their nation into the final, which they would go on to win against the Czech Republic.
With a convicted child rapist about to walk free, Massachusetts Gov. Charlie Baker says he'll be filing a bill to stop future instances of that.
According to the Eagle-Tribune, Wayne Chapman was sentenced in 1977 and served 30 years in state prison for the rapes of two boys in Lawrence. They were held - civilly committed - because they were considered a sexually dangerous person.
But Chapman, now 70 years old, is about to get released from the civil commitment after an analysis from two medical examiners about their dangerousness.
"I think people with track records like his, who are convicted of the crimes like his, should never get out," a frustrated Baker said while appearing on WGBH's "Boston Public Radio" show. "I mean, that's kind of my view. I don't understand why their sentence was limited to 30 years, plus or minus, and then they moved to this civil commitment status."
Baker said state officials don't have a lot of options to stop them from walking out a free man.
"But I certainly think this case raises a number of issues about the current process and the state of the law, and we will file legislation shortly that significantly enhances the penalties for somebody like him, who's a serial sex offender," the governor said.
The bill will also seek to re-work the process to prevent a similar situation from happening again, according to Baker.
"Because there does need to be some mechanism to put a guy like that either in front of a jury or a single justice, to take a look at him, even if they do have a couple of psychiatrists or psychologists who think he's no longer a danger," Baker said.
"In their particular case, as I understand it, neither of the people who examined them thinks their behavior or their attitude about any of this has changed at all," they added. "They're basically making a judgment call based on their physical condition, that they are no longer physically able to be a danger."
Baker called their assessment "a pretty weak read."
"And I think because of that we need to have a process, where you need to go back to court, and get in front of either a jury or a single justice of some kind before you're simply let go," they said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A drug addict murdered a young model living next door, chopped up their body and put in several suitcases, police in Oregon have said.
Police were called to the gruesome scene in Aloha after a neighbour heard a man screaming for help.
When officers approached Jeremiah Johnston, 35, they attempted to slit their wrists and throat.
Officers then found the dismembered body of Sara Zghoul, 28, in two suitcases in a nearby BMW.
It is not clear whether the two knew each other but Sara, an aspiring model and young mum, lived nearby.
A motive has not been divulged either.
Johnston has convictions between 2014 and 2017 for cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine possession, delivery of cocaine, identity theft and felon in possession of a firearm, OregonLive reports.
(Image: Instagram/jdmintegurl)
Sara moved to the US from Jordan.
Them heartbroken family have demanded justice.
Johnston has appeared in court where their lawyer entered a plea of not guilty to murder.
The wounds to their neck were visible during their brief court appearance.
GOP Baseball Practice Shooting: Senator Says They Saw Gunman Behind Backstop
Sen. Jeff Flake says they saw who was firing shots at a GOP baseball practice. According to Flake, the man fired more than 50 shots. After Flake heard the shooter was down, they helped the wounded.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
A baseball diamond in Alexandria, Va., was a regular destination for Republican members of Congress. They'd held baseball practice there for years before work.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
And they were preparing for tomorrow's congressional baseball game against a team of Democrats when a gunman opened fire. Senator Jeff Flake describes a colleague, House Republican Whip Steve Scalise, being shot and going down as they stood at second base. Scalise was then caught in the open as others dove for a dugout.
INSKEEP: According to Flake, five people were wounded as the man fired far, far more than 50 shots.
JEFF FLAKE: I got a look at the gunman behind the backstop, and they had a line of sight into our dugout. And I feared they were going to start firing into the dugout. So we - we finally got a - somebody said that the gunman was down. And that's when I ran out to Steve and applied pressure on the wound.
INSKEEP: You applied pressure on the wound because they were bleeding profusely, I would assume.
FLAKE: Yes, yes - quite a bit.
INSKEEP: Steve Scalise was later taken to a hospital. There is a statement from their office saying that they are expected to fully recover. But again, one of five people shot by the gunman who was then themselves shot, according to Senator Flake and other witnesses, by police who were on the scene, including Congressman Scalise's security detail. A number of the other lawmakers did not have security details. It was something of a matter of chance that Congressman Scalise happened to be at practice that day and, therefore, armed men were there to protect him.
At the scene now in Alexandria, Va., is NPR's Geoff Bennett. Geoff, where are you, and what have you been able to see?
GOEFF BENNETT, BYLINE: I'm about two blocks from the baseball diamond. The police have blocked this entire street, Monroe Avenue here in Alexandria. And they've set up a cordoned-off area for media. We expect to get a full press conference shortly about what transpired here. But, I mean, you laid out in great detail the frightening scene.
The baseball team was comprised - or is comprised mainly of members of the House. But there are two members of the Senate who are on that team, Jeff Flake and Rand Paul. And they were really turned into witnesses, as - you know, recounting what happened. Staffers, members of the team diving behind, you know, plastic in the batting cages. Scalise was described as having to drag themselves some 10 to 15 yards, you know, by their arms, away from the shooter. So yeah, a really harrowing scene here.
I spoke with a guy who lives across the street, and they had thought that the CVS across the street was being robbed - had no idea about what was actually transpiring.
INSKEEP: You realize from Senator Flake's description, which we heard in full earlier this morning, how even if you're mentally prepared for this, you're not mentally prepared for this. Senator Flake described a single gunshot, and they did not understand at first that it was a gunshot. It's not the first thing that you would imagine in a pleasant place like Alexandria, Va., that it would be a gunshot. It was not until there was a second shot and then many, many more that they fully understood what was going on.
BENNETT: That's right. And nothing about this neighborhood - I mean, these situations are never tied to, you know, sort of random street crime. But nothing about this neighborhood would suggest that something would happen like that. There's a YMCA next door, where you would imagine that, you know, young families and children were inside. So yeah, the scene definitely caught the members who were playing and all the neighbors here entirely off guard. And people aren't really sure what to make of it.
INSKEEP: Geoff Bennett, stay with us 'cause we're going to bring another voice into this conversation.
MARTIN: Yeah, we're going to bring in NPR White House correspondent Tamara Keith, who's in the studio with us, to learn more about the senior member of Congress who was wounded. This is Steve Scalise who we've been talking about - not a name that's necessarily well-known across the country but very well-known in Washington, where House majority whip is a powerful position. What more can you tell us about them and their role in Congress?
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: So he's the No. 3 person in Congress.  They are the whip for the Republicans, which means it's their job to round up votes...
MARTIN: Whip the votes, yeah.
KEITH: ...And twist arms. And certainly, they were very much involved in the passage of the House health care bill recently. Scalise came to Congress in 2008. And before that, they served in the legislature in Louisiana. They became majority whip in 2014, when the majority leader lost in their primary. And it was sort of this surprise, and Scalise immediately started campaigning, building a campaign. They had these geaux Scalise shirts, G-E-A-U-X, because he's from Louisiana.
INSKEEP: Louisiana, of course.
MARTIN: I get it, yeah.
KEITH: It represents some of the suburbs of New Orleans. And he's well-liked among their colleagues. He's definitely conservative. They were part of the Republican Study Committee, which is a conservative group of lawmakers in the House.
INSKEEP: Also, eight or nine years in Congress and being the No. 3 member of the House - that's actually a fairly rapid rise for the House of Representatives.
KEITH: Yes - and a signal of their skill at sort of campaigning internally and also working well with their colleagues. Of course, being whipped requires you to work well with your colleagues and know your colleagues well. Just some other congressional news - they basically are canceling everything today. Everything is off. Hearings...
MARTIN: All congressional business, yeah.
KEITH: ...Are canceled. Congressional business is off. This is a really shocking thing to happen.
MARTIN: Do we know if the game is supposed to go on tomorrow?
KEITH: No word yet on the game. But the baseball game is something that has been off and on since 1909. It's this long-standing tradition, Democrats versus Republicans out on the field. They take it very seriously. They play at the Nationals' ballpark, the big, professional baseball stadium - sell tickets for charity. And also it's seen as this opportunity for members of Congress who often don't spend a lot of time together to have a lot of time together bonding and making it, potentially, a more functional body.
INSKEEP: NPR's Geoff Bennett...
BENNETT: I understand...
INSKEEP: ...I want to circle back to you in Alexandria. Go ahead.
BENNETT: I was just going to say, to Tam's point, we understand that Democrats, who were also practicing in Washington, stopped to pray when they heard about what happened here.
INSKEEP: Can you help us understand a few of the unknowns as we await a press conference, Geoff Bennett? Is anything in particular known for certain about the gunman?
BENNETT: Nothing that we can - that we are comfortable reporting at this point. We do know that they are in custody. They were taken into custody alive. We are waiting to hear more about whom this person is and then, you know, as the - in subsequent days, we can learn more about the motive.
INSKEEP: Tamara Keith, you just...
KEITH: Yeah. And just one other thing is that Steve Scalise is, according to a statement from their office, under surgery at the MedStar Washington Hospital Center, and they are in stable condition - spoke to their wife before going to surgery and was in good spirits, according to their team.
INSKEEP: And we should make some mention of the other wounded. We don't have identities. But is it correct that some may be police officers or security officers who were shot?
KEITH: Yeah. Geoff?
BENNETT: Two police officers, or two Capitol Police officers who were attached to the security detail; a staffer for Texas Congressman Roger Williams.
MARTIN: Geoff Bennett at the scene there and NPR's Tamara Keith, thank you so much for reporting this morning.
KEITH: You're welcome.
BENNETT: You're welcome.
INSKEEP: And we'll bring you more as we learn it.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
For only the second time since their husband, Greg Alia, a 32-year-old Forest Acres police officer, was murdered in 2015, their widow, Kassy, returned Monday to the scene of the crime, Richland Mall
There, among the empty storefronts of the struggling shopping center, they announced a new initiative to the Heroes in Blue initiative they founded, which sought to honor officers in ways big and small for their service.
Among a gathering of police officers, volunteers, social workers, politicians and curious shoppers, Alia unveiled Serve & Connect, an expanded organization intended to foster better relations between police and the communities they serve.
"Heroes in Blue was created to highlight the outstanding acts of service (by police) that happen everyday and sometimes went unnoticed," they said. "But if we want to end divisiveness, it's going to take more than that."
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Greg Alia was shot and killed Sept. 30, 2015, after three officers responded to a report of a suspicious person just before 8 a.m. in the parking lot of the mall, located at Forest Drive and Beltline Boulevard.
Greg Alia
When Alia and two other officers arrived, they located a man inside a van and attempted to talk with him. The man fled on foot into the mall through the Barnes & Noble bookstore.
Alia chased them into the mall and struggled with him. The suspect pulled out a handgun and shot Alia.
Alia's death stunned the Columbia area and the Forest Acres police department. It had been more than four decades since a Forest Acres officer was last shot and killed on duty.
Jarvis Hall, 34 at the time, was arrested and later pleaded guilty. They were sentenced to life without parole.
On Monday, just steps from where their husband was killed, Kassy Alia announced the new program, not only for their husband, but for Hall as well. They termed the location "symbolic."
"I know what heartbreak feels like," they said. "I know what loss feels like. I'm not asleep to the realities that can happen in this world. But I've also seen what can happen when we promote healing."
In a video produced for the event, Alia wondered: "What if we were able to help (Hall) before they got to that point."
Alia was joined at the event by Alana Simmons, founder of the Hate Won't Win organization. Simmons formed the group after their grandfather, the Rev. Daniel Simmons, who was one of nine members of the Emanuel AME Church in Charleston killed by self-proclaimed white supremacist Dylann Roof, of Hopkins.
"I understand better than most the heart it takes to do this kind of work daily," they said of Kassy Alia's efforts.
"Hate is something that is very much still alive, and if we want to stop it, we have to deal with it," they said.
The mission of Serve & Connect is to narrow the divide between police and the communities they serve through programs such as Greg's Groceries.
Greg's Groceries, created by Heroes In Blue in conjunction with Harvest Hope Food Bank, provides patrolling police officers with boxes of food that they can distribute to those in need.
Serve & Connect also will support programs like the United Way's SC 2-1-1 initiative and the Midlands Fatherhood Coalition.
Also joining Alia at the event was Jackie Swindler, director of the S.C. Criminal Justice Academy, and Ryan Alphin, executive director of the S.C. Police Chiefs Association.
"Out of tragedy grew hope," Alphin said. "When police and the community work together, life is better."
If North Korean agents are responsible for the assassination of Kim Jong-Nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korea's leader, it would be the latest in a long line of targeted killings by the isolated state.
Kim, whose younger brother Kim Jong-Un has ruled North Korea since the death of their father in December 2011, died after reportedly being poisoned by two female agents at Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Monday.
Here are some other fatal attacks carried out by North Korea on foreign territory.
1968 Blue House assault
At the height of the Cold War, a team of 31 commandos were sent from Pyongyang to assassinate then South Korean president Park Chung-Hee.
They were stopped some 100 meters (330 feet) away from the presidential Blue House. Gunfights erupted and more than 90 South Koreans were killed including many civilians on a bus.
Only two of the 31 commandos survived, one fled to the North and one was captured.
1974 presidential attempt
In 1974, Park, late father of the current South Korean president Park Geun-Hye, survived another assassination attempt.
A pro-Pyongyang Korean living in Japan, Mun Se-Gwang, opened fire with a revolver while Park was delivering a speech.
They missed Park but killed Park's wife Yuk Young-Soo. Mun was executed that year.
1983 Myanmar
North Korean undercover agents killed 21 people, including four South Korean cabinet ministers in a bomb attack in Yangon.
A timed device planted under the roof of the city's Martyr's Mausoleum was intended to kill then South Korean president Chun Doo-Hwan.
It exploded before the president arrived, but their entourage was badly hit.
Three North Korean agents fled the scene, one was killed and two others were captured by Burmese authorities.
1987 Korean Air
A South Korean plane flying from Baghdad to Seoul exploded over the Andaman Sea. All 115 people on board were killed.
The two bombers were traced to Bahrain where a male agent committed suicide by biting a cyanide capsule hidden in a cigarette as they were about to be taken into custody.
The other agent, Kim Hyon-Hee, was captured and brought to Seoul. They later confessed their attack had been aimed to hamper the 1988 Seoul summer Olympics. They were sentenced to death but later pardoned.
1996 diplomat killing
South Korean diplomat Choi Duk-Keun was found bludgeoned to death in Vladivostok in 1996 in what South Korean media said was revenge for the death of 25 North Korean submariners who died when their vessel ran aground in the South during an infiltration attempt.
1997 family affair
Yi Han-Yong, a nephew of Jong-Nam's mother Sung Hye-Rim, was fatally shot in 1997 outside their home. The two assailants were never caught.
Yi had been living in the South since their 1982 defection, where they had published their memoir revealing details of the Kims' private lives. That book was believed to have been the trigger for the assassination. (AFP)
Over half of skilled EU workers employed by FTSE 250 companies are likely to leave the UK before Brexit, a new survey has shown, underscoring fears that the country is at risk of a severe brain drain following its departure from the bloc.
Fifty-six per cent of EU nationals surveyed by Baker McKenzie said they were "highly likely" or "quite likely" to leave the UK before the outcome of the Brexit negotiations was known, with healthcare (84 per cent), technology, media and telecoms (64 per cent) and financial services (43 per cent) sectors likely to be the hardest hit.
The law firm surveyed 250 EU-27 citizens educated at degree level or higher, employed by companies either in the FTSE 250 or with revenue of over £50m.
The findings indicate the serious staff shortages which could result from Brexit, and will increase political pressure to ensure access to talent is prioritised in upcoming talks with the EU.
Stephen Ratcliffe, employment partner at Baker McKenzie, warned companies could face a "significant skills shortage" in the near future, and urged them to take steps now to support and incentivise employees to stay within the business.
Already, 42 per cent of those surveyed confirmed they had taken action to change their immigration status since last year's vote to leave the EU, with another 40 per cent confirming their intention to do so.
They added that the situation could be exacerbated if there were any delays to the negotiations with the EU.
The survey also found that 70 per cent of EU staff felt more exposed to discrimination since the Brexit vote, with 38 per cent of those describing themselves as feeling "vulnerable" or "very vulnerable".
In the healthcare and financial services sectors, perceptions of discrimination were highest at 94 per cent and 88 per cent respectively.
In addition, more than one in four people surveyed feared job losses, with respondents citing the biggest threat to their jobs as discriminatory hiring practices.
"These findings would suggest that the perception of discrimination is a key driver for skilled EU nationals seeking to leave the UK," Mr Ratcliffe said.
"Employers should be refreshing their anti-discrimination policies, particularly in the context of recruitment, and offering their staff support as they face the consequences of Brexit."
The survey also revealed that more than half (55 per cent) of EU-27 employees had not been offered any support by their employers in relation to Brexit.
Mr Ratcliffe added: "Employers who are reliant on EU workers should be taking active steps to engage with their employees on the subject of Brexit, and to offer them support and assistance to address areas of uncertainty for them and their families.
"Last week's election result and the current uncertainty around the immigration status of EU nationals, underlines the need for all employers - especially those reliant on EU workers - to address their employees' concerns around Brexit as a priority.
"Failure to do so could result in a significant skills drain for businesses in the near term, regardless of the Brexit deal reached," they warned.
The survey comes as the Government faces pressure to secure residence rights for EU citizens living in the UK, in particular for those working in the NHS.
A study by the Nursing & Midwifery Council earlier this week showed the number of nurses from the EU registering to work in the UK had fallen by 96 per cent since the Brexit vote last year.
The number of new applicants from the EU fell from 1,304 in July last year to 43 in April this year, putting further strain on the health service as it grapples with a recruitment crisis.
Theresa May has pledged to limit immigration to the "tens of thousands", but following their electoral humiliation, they are likely to come under pressure from Tory colleagues to drop the proposal.
Former Nick Xenophon Team crossbenchers are giving the Turnbull government's business tax cuts a "fresh look", in encouraging signs for the coalition.
Rex Patrick and Stirling Griff, of the now Centre Alliance, had originally opposed the package, but have since met with top officials, including Reserve Bank governor Philip Lowe and tax commissioner Chris Jordan.
"Part of the reason behind that (opposition) was we simply hadn't had the opportunity to do due diligence on it. We now have got the opportunity to have a thorough look at it," Senator Patrick told The Australian on Wednesday.
They said they agreed with Nick Xenophon's decision to draw the line at supporting the relief for businesses with an annual turnover of up to $50 million.
But "my job is to take a fresh look at it", Senator Patrick said.
The government has still failed to win over independent Tim Storer, while Derryn Hinch doesn't want the big banks rewarded for their bad behaviour as outlined in the royal commission.
One Nation supports the tax cuts, but leader Pauline Hanson also wants the banks quarantined, with funds for their tax cut to go towards compensation for misconduct.
The government delayed putting its legislation to a vote in the upper house just before Easter, admitting it didn't have the numbers.
5 Possible outcomes for Extreme Rules 2018
Sagnik Monga FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 1.44K // 04 Jul 2018, 16:58 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Has Bobby Lashley's time arrived?
After consecutive successful events with Money in the Bank and United Kingdom Championship Tournament, next in the line comes the pay-per-view Extreme Rules. The tenth event under the WWE chronology will take place on July 15, 2018, at the PPG Paints Arena in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
WWE has already finalized eight matches, and a couple more should be on its way. While the fans will sincerely miss Brock Lesnar and the Universal Championship's presence, the event looks promising with a stacked-up match card ready.
With SummerSlam only a month away, the upcoming PPV might see a plethora of shocking decisions that will unquestionably shake things up. Here are five such bold predictions for Extreme Rules 2018.
Only Sportskeeda gives you the latest Wrestling News, rumors and updates.
#5 Team Hell No goes all the way?
Team Hell NO is back.
Making the save for Daniel Bryan from the beatdown at the hands of Bludgeon Brothers, Kane made their triumphant return back to WWE re-uniting Team Hell No in the process. Considering the popularity the duo enjoyed in the past, WWE made no mistake in capitalizing on them, and the SmackDown Live General Manager Paige booked a match between the two teams for the Tag-team titles at Extreme Rules.
As talented as Harper and Rowan are, the team has not been able to uplift the titles, like the New Day and Usos did. The Creative might be looking for new titleholders, and with the kind of ovation Kane received upon their return, Team Hell No becoming the new tag-team champions should be the next step going forward.
Farmstead is an “AI-powered digital micro-grocer” that wants to reinvent the supermarket model with technology that sources and delivers local food from “farm-to-fridge in 60 minutes.” The company officially launched in the San Francisco Bay Area this month. Founded 12 months ago, Farmstead has completed more than 15,000 deliveries to thousands of Bay Area customers, and has raised $2.8 million in seed funding from Resolute Ventures, Social Capital, Y Combinator, and Joe Montana's Liquid 2 Ventures.
“Farmstead's goal is to fundamentally transform the American grocery experience with AI technology,” said CEO and Co-Founder Pradeep Elankumaran. “In 2017, consumers shouldn't have to drive to the store, stand in a line and buy food of questionable quality which then goes to waste. By sourcing and delivering the best products to customers in just the right amounts in under an hour, we help our customers throw out less food and take fewer trips to the store each week, cutting down on waste and pollution.”
Farmstead's fulfillment model is designed to reduce the more than 38 million tons of food waste that are generated each year. Using proprietary software, Farmstead customers can select items from a curated selection of local farm produce and grocery products. After one order, Farmstead's AI calculates and predicts users' habits to know exactly how much food to order from local sources daily, weekly, seasonally and annually, which will reduce food waste substantially, the company says.
“This is what a truly efficient, eco-friendly grocery experience should look like in an industry with a model that hasn't changed in 60 years,” said Resolute Ventures partner Mike Hirshland. “Farmstead's digital micro-grocery model dramatically improves upon the traditional grocery store, and utilizes the gig economy to modernize what has been a low-tech, wasteful sector.”
“Food is such an integral part of life in the Bay Area, along with technology and environmentalism, and Farmstead has blended these things together perfectly,” said Joe Montana, Partner at Liquid 2 Ventures. “We're excited to have the opportunity to invest in Farmstead and look forward to helping them grow nationwide. We believe they will make a big impact on the sector and the lives of Bay Area families.”
Farmstead stocks micro-warehouses in the Bay Area with “just the right amount” of local, minimally packaged foods and an algorithm directs delivery drivers to use the most efficient, traffic-free, eco-friendly routes, the company says. Farmstead utilizes reusable ice packs and bags, which drivers collect along with milk bottles from prior Farmstead deliveries for reuse.
Farmstead says it matches local supermarket prices and won't force users to meet a minimum purchase amount after their first order. Customers can choose flexible delivery options including one-hour, same-day and weekly services. Customers who join a weekly, eco-optimized delivery route, receive free delivery. Otherwise delivery is $3.99 or, for one-hour delivery, $4.99.
Any food that isn't purchased by Farmstead customers is donated to national food bank network Feeding America, which sends it to a shelter for women in the Bay Area.
At French Open, Osaka balances tennis and PlayStation
At French Open, Osaka balances tennis and PlayStation
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018, 20:07 IST 27 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
PARIS (AP) — Rattling through the first two rounds of the French Open without losing a set leaves more time for PlayStation for Naomi Osaka.
And should the next big thing in Japanese tennis turn up late for their next match, it could well be because they lost track of time plugged into their console. Who needs the sights of Paris when you have "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" to distract you? ("It's OK you don't know it," they kindly told a middle-aged journalist).
"It's sort of consumed my time a little bit," the 20-year-old Osaka said Wednesday after reaching the third round at Roland Garros. "Literally, if I have 30 minutes then I'll just sit there and I might be a little bit late. Like I'll spend 35 minutes and then I'm like, 'Oh my God, it's 30 minutes past,' and then I have to rush out the door. So if I'm ever late to anything, you know why."
The French Open marks the first time Osaka has been seeded at a major (at No. 21). That billing and their debut title on tour earlier this year, when they tore through a high-powered field to win at Indian Wells, mark out Japan's top-ranked woman as a player to watch in this first week when many struggle to find their feet on the red clay of Paris but others make it their home.
Osaka, who also reached the third round at their first French Open in 2016 only to lose to a qualifier in straight sets in the first round last year, said they are concentrating less on the surface than on trying to win their first Grand Slam.
"In my mind, it's not really clay," they said. "I just focus more on the tennis part, rather than making up excuses of what the surface is and how my play style isn't suited for it."
Osaka's third-round opponent is Madison Keys, an American seeded 13th. Keys beat Osaka in both of their previous matches. If Osaka has their way, next time will not only produce a different outcome but be quick, too — because they hope to spend as little time as possible on the tournament grounds.
"I'm only here if I have to be, to be honest," they said. "When I was younger I used to love walking around and just experiencing the atmosphere. But now, like, I just sort of think of this as my job. So it's like clocking in and clocking out."
Those they beat on their way to the Indian Wells title in March included five-time major winner Maria Sharapova and top-ranked Simona Halep. At their next tournament, in Miami, they then overpowered Serena Williams, their tennis idol in childhood, 6-3, 6-2 in the first round.
They started traveling with their games console from that point on.
"Sometimes I'm really bored in my room and I feel like I really want to play," they said. "That's why I started bringing it."
At risk is a 26% rally that's made the $2.3-trillion market Asia's second-best performer in 2017 and a nascent recovery in corporate earnings. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Mumbai: As Indian equities are set to close out 2017 near all-time highs—and volatility hovers near historic lows—analysts say investors must keep an eye on politics for signs of a turn in the current bullish sentiment.
Polls will grab market attention next year as eight states, covering a fourth of the nation's population will hold elections over the next 12 months, brokerages including Credit Suisse noted. A setback for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) would surprise investors betting on Prime Minister Narendra Modi winning a second term in 2019, according to Nomura Financial Advisory & Securities (India) Pvt. Ltd.
Already, the current poll in Gujarat has turned into a closer than expected fight for Modi as the landmark consumption tax and last November's cash ban stoke economic discontent in their home state. Most observers expect them to win when votes are counted 18 December, though their lead shrunk as the election neared.
“Market assumptions so far have been of a comfortable BJP victory in Gujarat, and that the momentum continues till 2019,” Credit Suisse said in a 5 December report. While general elections have a “limited direct economic impact,” changes in market sentiment could drive volatility, the firm said.
At risk is a 26% rally that's made the $2.3-trillion market Asia's second-best performer in 2017 and a nascent recovery in corporate earnings. Nomura analysts say the economy “is at the cusp of a business upcycle” with the recent government policies expected to aid the revival.
Here are some highlights from the 2018 outlook reports:
Nomura (Saion Mukherjee, Neelotpal Sahu and Sanjay Kadam)
Government policy reforms for long-term sustainable growth to help sustain valuation multiples. Financial sector to lead earnings recovery as asset-quality concerns recede, credit growth improves. Key risks to positive view are failure of economic growth to revive, spike in oil prices and possibility of the BJP government not returning to power in 2019; results of state elections to help gauge prospects of ruling party getting re-elected.
Credit Suisse (Neelkanth Mishra and Prateek Singh)
State elections will get more attention; it is possible that 2019 general elections are brought forward to be held simultaneously with polls in the states of Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh next December. Growth may be slightly better than in 2017 but unlikely to improve meaningfully amid weak farm income, slow investment pick-up and continued weakness in real estate.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch (Sanjay Mookim and Nafeesa Gupta)
India joined at the hip to global tide; largest risk to equity prices into 2018 is external Streak of weak headline earnings may have ended; higher oil prices, favourable base mean 3Q/4Q numbers likely to be comfortably in double digits. Government likely to consider increased social expenditure ahead of 2019 elections. Unclear whether spending rise will happen in 2018 as BJP may choose to stay “fiscally conservative” if they feel confident of victory without higher spend. Expenditure increase to spur demand for discretionary goods like vehicles, appliances; beneficiaries likely to be largely rural. Availability of stressed assets at discount can potentially create significant value for buyers, can be big stock price drivers. Bloomberg
FIFA World Cup head coach Shin Tae-yong (Yonhap)
South Korea must improve cohesion on their defense if they were to qualify for their ninth consecutive FIFA World Cup, their head coach said Monday.Shin Tae-yong announced the 26-man roster for the two remaining Asian qualifying matches for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.South Korea will host Iran in Seoul on Aug. 31 and travel to Tashkent to face Uzbekistan on Sept. 5.And given South Korea's showing so far, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out South Korea's defense needs some fine-tuning.They've given up 10 goals in eight matches so far, tied for the worst in Group A with Qatar. South Korea have conceded goals against such underdogs as China and Qatar. At least South Korea are in the qualifying position -- in second place with 13 points, seven back of Iran -- thanks to their group-high 11 goals.Shin's team includes a handful of players based in Europe, but they built their defense entirely with players from Asian leagues -- five based in South Korea and three in China.Shin's predecessor, Uli Stielike, often went with multiple defenders from the Chinese Super League, but these players were heavily criticized for their shaky play internationally. Angry fans even argued that those players had regressed after moving to China because they'd played down to the level of competition there.Shin said they aren't the type to say anything before matches that could affect team morale, but admitted the defense will need some work."I personally think that under coach Stielike, our defense lacked cohesion and wasn't very solid as a unit," Shin said. "We'll have about 10 days to build our chemistry. It may not be enough time but we'll do the best we can."From the Chinese league, Shin named Kim Kee-hee of Shanghai Greenland Shenhua, Kim Ju-young of Hebei China Fortune and Kim Young-gwon of Guangzhou Evergrande. The two upcoming matches will be the first international contests for all three players in 2017.Shin said those three or anyone based in China aren't lacking in skills."They were good enough for the Chinese clubs to pay a lot of money to sign," the coach said. "I selected these three players because they've been getting a lot of action on their respective clubs and they've maintained great form. I think they'll be able to address issues on our defense."Shin selected 26 players, three over the maximum allowed for World Cup qualifiers, but said they won't cut anyone for the matches."The entire 26-man squad will stick together as one until through the end," the coach said. "I think the fate of South Korean football will hinge upon these two matches. We'll have to show a lot of determination to win."Shin said their brand of football is far from pretty."I want every one of the players, and not just the 11 on the pitch, to concentrate on the match at hand for 90 minutes," they said. "We have to take not just one, but two, three extra steps on our opponents. We have to put everything on the line to win these games." (Yonhap)
BUSINESS
Kia Motors' Niro plug-in hybrid SUV. (Hyundai Motor Group)
Amid declining sales of Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors in and out of Korea, demand for eco-friendly cars made by the country's two top carmakers is increasing, data by the company showed.Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors sold a combined 141,681 eco-friendly cars between January and July this year, which is 10 percent more than the 128,975 units sold for the whole of 2016.Eco-friendly cars offered by the two consist of 14 models -- six hybrids, three electric vehicles, four plug-in hybrids and one fuel cell EV.By engine type, sales of hybrid models ranked No.1, totaling 119,780 units, followed by EVs and plug-in hybrids.Sales of plug-in hybrids jumped fivefold to 8,485 units in the cited period, showing the biggest rise in sales due to the popularity of the Niro plug-in hybrid SUV, company data showed.Among the 141,681 eco-friendly cars sold, overseas sales totaled 105,383 units, up 35.3 percent on-year.“The Ionic hybrid and Niro plug-in hybrid models are garnering huge popularity from motorists worldwide. We plan to diversify the eco-friendly lineup and also expand sales,” Hyundai Motor said.China's new energy vehicles policy, however, is widely expected to pose hurdles for Hyundai and Kia Motors alongside other auto-related Korean companies operating there.Under the dual-credit scheme, automakers will be required to meet a minimum fuel efficiency rate. They will also have to increase the portion of zero- and low-emission vehicles to 8 percent of total cars made next year. The ratio will gradually rise to 10 percent in 2019 and 12 percent in 2020.Carmakers that fail to meet the requirement can either buy credits from other companies or pay a fine.“Most carmakers will not be able to meet the given target, so the new policy has to be delayed by a year,” the Korea Automobile Manufacturers Association said.According to the KAMA, it had sent a letter requesting the Chinese government delay the introduction of the dual-credit scheme and to soften measures imposed on Korean battery makers last June.The request was jointly made with the American Automotive Policy Council, the European Automobile Manufacturers' Association and the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association.The KAMA's request comes as Hyundai Motor looks to miss its sales quota for eco-friendly cars for next year by about 4,800 units, as the electric version of the Yuedong compact sedan, sold as the Elantra globally, released earlier this month is currently the only EV model offered in the Chinese market.In an attempt to secure a piece of China's ever-growing EV market, Hyundai Motor will raise the number of eco-friendly models there to six by 2020, including the plug-in hybrid version of the top-selling Sonata midsize sedan set for release early next year, the company said.By Kim Bo-gyung (lisakim425@heraldcorp.com)
Report: Prince Harry Invited Obamas To Their Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Didn't Get An Invite
A motorcyclist who was killed in a crash on the A19 Easingwold Bypass has been named by police.
North Yorkshire Police said the motorcyclist was Alex Boorman, 27, from Thirsk.
The crash happened shortly after 7.30pm on Thursday and involved a black Suzuki Motorcycle and a blue Vauxhall Viva.
Three other people were injured, including the 22-year-old driver of the Vauxhall.
A spokesperson said: "Police investigations into the incident are continuing and a file has been prepared for the coroner.
"The 22-year-old man arrested in connection with this collision has been released under investigation while enquiries continue."
Broadchurch writer reveals final episode will be the last
It's nearly over... Broadchurch comes to an end i
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Broadchurch writer Chris Chibnall has revealed they changed the identity of the rapist during writing.
The whodunnit has kept 11 million viewers guessing for the best part of two months, but Chris kept their "poker face" and refused to give any hints as to which suspect is guilty during an appearance on Good Morning Britain ahead of the finale.
However, they did reveal the identity of Trish Winterman's rapist was changed after they started writing the final season of the show.
They said: "I wrote episode one draft one and I thought it was somebody and then I was thinking about it and I was like, 'oh actually that's how it should resolve'.
"It changed slightly but then from the second draft of episode one [it was] always the same."
They also admitted that the actor behind the culprit was unaware that their character would commit the awful crime before they signed on.
(Photo: PA)
(Photo: ITV)
"We had a conversation with that person during the process, but they didn't know when they joined.
"Everyone had to join on the proviso that they didn't know."
To keep the secret until the last minute, ITV took the unus­ual step of issuing a ban on media watching previews of the finale, even leaving TV critics out in the cold.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
Speaking about the final episode while on location at West Bay, Dorset, where the series is filmed, Chris addded: "We have to close off the story, close off the series. There were a few tears shed I think.
Good Morning Britain's Laura Tobin attempted to get some answers out of the writer, who admitted that even their own family have remained in the dark.
When asked if there would be another series, Chris said: "I don't think so. I think it's the end of the story tonight.
(Photo: ITV)
(Photo: ITV)
"I hope it's a really satisfying end. A lot of things happen tonight.
"We've only got an hour to clear up everything in the whole show. There's a lot going on but I hope it feels a satisfying, appropriate end.
Legend has it that on a snowy winter day in the 1960s, Florence Rappaport of Rochester, NY, was looking for a way to entertain their two youngest (of six) children, who complained that it was too cold to go out and do anything fun. So they suggested that they have ice cream for breakfast...and the tradition stuck. The children began to remind them of the day over subsequent years, and later held parties to introduce their friends to the tradition as adults.
Ice Cream for Breakfast Day then spread to other countries, largely due to Rappaport's grandchildren, who travelled extensively and introduced the beloved holiday to those in the places they visited. Celebrations of varying sizes have been held in China, Nepal, Israel, Namibia, Germany, New Zealand and Honduras. Ice Cream For Breakfast Day-themed charity fundraisers have also been held in a number of U.S. cities.
The holiday is typically celebrated on the first Saturday in February, however celebrations have been known to occur throughout the month. Indeed, any weekend morning, particularly during the depths of winter, is a good morning to eat ice cream for breakfast. In the words of the official Ice Cream for Breakfast website:
"If you don't get to it on the first Saturday of February, have a bowl of ice cream the next day. Or a week later. Indulge in a solitary scoop, or have a party. Add toppings, serve tofutti, have a side of bagel: it doesn't matter as long as you're breaking your routine and having some fun."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. CHARLES COUNTY, MO - The St. Charles Hills neighborhood on Pembrook Ln. has been dealing with car break-ins recently, including several overnight Wednesdays. That's not far from St. Charles West High School.
Home security video shows two individuals breaking into a locked car sitting in a driveway. The homeowner, Lauren Larue, didn't realize it until they woke up the next morning.
Larue says, “We had five notifications that went off. It was these kids, two boys breaking into my car with a crowbar and then coming back and wiping off the fingerprints.”
The camera didn't pick up their motion as they looked through their car but it did catch them sprinting away on their street.
Lauren wasn't the only victim. St. Charles County police tell me they took six reports for property damage and theft overnight Wednesday into early Thursday morning.
“It's been going on in our neighborhood for several weeks now,” says Larue.
Them neighbor a few houses down was also a victim. Larue believes this clip shows the two thieves hiding after breaking into the neighbor's car, before hitting hers.
Police received complaints in the 2300 block of Bolten, 3100 blocks of Denton and 300 blocks of Abby.
“They even bent the door frame with a crowbar trying to get into the car. Glass everywhere and a deductible I have to pay.”
There were also reports of theft at nearby Sunnydale mobile home park in the last week.
Larue adds, “Last night I didn't get any sleep. Tossing and turning waking up saying, ‘oh my God.' I'm worried they are going to break into my house. It's frustrating.”
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
And while Trump themselves didn't campaign in the state after Moore was hit with allegations of sexual misconduct, the president recorded an audio message for robocalls that went to voters on Monday — underscoring the importance to Trump's agenda of keeping the seat in Republican hands.
The matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that their campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, they declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that they did not vote for Moore, saying they wrote in another “distinguished” party figure they declined to name.
To win, Jones must both simultaneously energize the Democratic base and peel off Republicans who do not like Moore. Former President Barack Obama and Former President Barack Obama and former Vice President Joe Biden have recorded calls urging turnout in the heated race.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that they molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as they held their Bible outside their Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help them “defeat the elite,” a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny them the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump themselves are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
“If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold,” Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones “a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer,” the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. “Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda,” the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as “the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore.”
—–
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Calif. — Donovan Fields scored 13 of their 15 points in the second half to help Cal Poly beat Hawaii 78-64 on Saturday night.
Cal Poly (8-15, 3-6 Big West Conference) has won two straight since snapping a six-game skid. Hawaii (13-8, 4-4) has lost three in row.
Luke Meikle, Jakub Niziol and Victor Joseph each scored 12 points for the Mustangs.
Sheriff Drammeh scored 17 points to lead Hawaii.
Netherton were denied second place by an equaliser two minutes from time in their big Peterborough Premier Division game at Stamford Lions on Saturday (December 9), but manager Jon Harrison insisted they were still a happy man.
A debut goal for Karl Gibbs just before the break looked set to give Netherton a second win of the season against one of their title tivals, but Rob Forster grabbed a deserved 88th minute leveller for the home side.
Stamford Lions celebrate their late equaliser against Netherton United. Photo: James Richardson.
Netherton remain fourth, six points behind leaders Moulton Harrox, but with two games in hand and a superior goal difference. Harrox's scheduled game at Warboys fell foul of the bad weather.
Lions are up to second, a point ahead of Netherton, but they have also played two more games than the city side. Third placed Peterborough Sports Reserves were also a victim of the weather.
“It was a disappointing finish,” Harrison stated. “But I'd have taken four points against one of our main rivals before the season started.”
Only two other top-flight games took place with goals from Joseph Graham, Andre Jose and Taylor Hunter scoring in Sawtry's 3-2 win at Ketton and Alex Dalton on target in Whittlesey Athletic's 1-1 home draw with Holbeach United Reserves. Joe Fowler equalised for Holbeach 15 minutes from time.
Netherton havce just hit the front at Stamford Lions. Photo: James Richardson.
In Division One, Peterborough Polonia's title challenge was dented by the competition's best marksman. Jake Clitheroe scored four in a 5-1 win for Tydd St Mary to take their tally for the season to 39 goals in just 15 appearances.
There was a first defeat of the Division Two seasons for Whittlesey Athletic Reserves who went down to a shock 5-0 battering at Stamford Lions Reserves. Josh Collins scored a hat-trick against a side who would have gone top with a point.
Premiair jumped to the top of Division Three with a 7-2 win over Farcet. Aaron Sawyer (2), Lee Clementson, Jamie Rose, Ryan Alban, Christopher Ward and an opponent scored their goals.
Stamford Lions A stretched their lead at the top of Division Four to four points with a 7-2 win at Netherton United B. Bailey Pillin scored twice.
Karl Gibbs (red) scored on their Netherton United debut. Photo: James Richardson.
FC Peterborough dished out a football lesson to Ramsey to reach the quarter finals of the PFA Challenge Cup. Arslan Ali scored twice in a 5-2 win. “It was a great game,” FC Peterborough manager Imtiaz Ali stated. “We gave them a lesson in football. I'm still buzzing.”
Thomas Klinkovics scored a hat-trick as Brotherhood Sports eased into the quarter finals of the Northants Area Cup with a 6-1 success over city rivals Orton Rangers.
RESULTS
Saturday, December 9
Premier Division
Ketton 2, Sawtry 3 (Graham, Jose, Hunter); Stamford Lions 1 (Forster), Netherton United 1 (Gibbs); Whittlesey Athletic 1 (Dalton), Holbeach United Res 1 (Fowler).
Postponed: Leverington v Peterborough Sports Reserves, Sutton Bridge Ubnited v ICA Sports, Warboys Town v Moulton Harrox.
PFA Senior Cup
Second round
Postponed: Thorney v Long Sutton Athletic.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Belle Dingle will suffer a bad reaction to the voices in their head - something which could lead to disaster.
Recently, viewers have been left worried for Belle (Eden Taylor-Draper) as their schizophrenia appears to have reared its ugly head once more after they became the target of their family's anger.
Belle helped mum Lisa leave the Dales after they suffered an angina attack, brought about from stress.
Lisa had been ostracised by their family, including husband Zak, over Liv's jailing and struggled with the fallout.
After the doctor reprimanded them about their stress levels, Lisa decided to leave the village in a bid to sort out their health.
However, Belle has refused to tell the rest of their family where their mum is after Lisa asked them not to tell anyone.
This prompted their brother Sam and their dad to hit out at them as they continued to refuse to tell them where they are. Soon afterwards, Belle began hearing murmurs telling them that it was all their fault that Lisa had left.
In episodes airing next week on Emmerdale, Belle becomes distracted by the voices in their head and they react badly when they tell them to destroy the alcohol.
When Belle loses it in the barn, Lachlan is panicked to discover they have been hearing voices again.
Lachlan and Gerry then frantically try to search for Belle in the village and it's a race against time to find them
Will they find them and will they be ok?
*Emmerdale airs weekdays at 7pm with an additional episode at 8pm on Thursday at 8pm
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tom Daley and Dustin Lance Black have shared video from their romantic wedding ceremony that took place in England earlier this year.
Tom, 23, and Dustin, 43, tied-the-knot on 6 May in front of family and friends at a ceremony at Bovey Castle in Devon.
But now the boys have shared their big day with their fans - with video from the wedding published on YouTube.
And the lads have vowed to make donations to the LGBT + Switchboard and It Gets Better campaigns to benefit future generations.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Announcing the news on social media on Sunday, Tom wrote: "Our honeymoon feels like the perfect time to finally share our magical day.”
They continued: We know our wedding was only possible thanks to the brave work of countless people for generations before us, so in that tradition, we will donate any revenue from this video to the “LGBT+ Switchboard” and “It Gets Better” in hopes of making things even better for future generations."
(Image: tomdaley1994/Instagram)
Tom and Dustin are currently enjoying the Spanish sunshine as they honeymoon together.
The Olympic diver has been keeping fans up to date with developments on Instagram.
CHARLESTON, W.Va. — Governor Jim Justice has appointed Latisha Marcum of Williamson, W.Va. to the Board of Governors for Southern West Virginia Community and Technical College. Marcum is currently a secondary school counselor but is making the transition into school administration as an assistant principal next week.
Marcum holds a B.A. in Psychology from West Virginia University, and an M.A. in Counseling and an M.A. in Special Education from Marshall University.  They are a candidate for a Ph. D in Education Leadership from Capella University.
“We are excited that Latisha Marcum will become part of the governing body for SWVCTC,” Governor Jim Justice said. “She has a strong background in education and we look forward to their input and contributions.”
Marcum said, “I am excited about the opportunity to serve on the Board of Governors for our local Community College. I am very honored and humbled by the trust that Governor Justice has me in to serve in this capacity. As an educator, parent, and a person who is dedicated to success, I promise to pursue this opportunity to the best of my ability. It is a wonderful opportunity and I again, thank Governor Justice for their confidence in me as I humbly accept this leadership role.”
http://loganbanner.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_marcum-CMYK.jpg
President Moon Jae-in was set to present each of their new vice ministers and officials of similar status with a letter of appointment Thursday, marking what could be seen as an official launch of their new administration.
A ceremony was to be held at the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae from 2:30 p.m., involving all 27 new vice ministers and vice ministerial-level officials named so far and their spouses, according to Cheong Wa Dae officials.
President Moon Jae-in (Yonhap)
Thursday's ceremony comes amid an ongoing dispute over some of the president's picks for new ministers, including Foreign Minister-nominee Kang Kyung-wha.The president has named 17 new Cabinet members, including 16 new ministers, since their inauguration on May 10, but only two have been appointed so far. They are Prime Minister Lee Nak-yon and Finance Minister Kim Dong-yeon, who doubles as a deputy prime minister for economy.The 27 vice ministers largely form the new Moon Jae-in administration for now.The president also has three more new ministers to name, including the minister of small and medium-sized firms, a post to be newly created under a proposed government reorganization. (Yonhap)
Currently, aircraft are imported or taken on lease from overseas lessors. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: The government is considering manufacturing civilian aircraft and would like to move ahead with the plan “very fast”, a civil aviation ministry official said on Monday.
The country's domestic aviation market is one of the fastest growing in the world and has registered high double digit growth for more than two years. Many airlines are embarking on ambitious expansion plans and authorities are working on developing new airports to cater to the rising demand as well as boosting regional air connectivity.
“We are considering manufacturing our own civilian aircraft... definitely, the concept is there and we are looking for smaller aircraft like a 20-seater which can be used within the country and this also is supported by our policy of Make in India,” said Shefali Juneja, director at the civil aviation ministry.
Currently, aircraft are imported or taken on lease from overseas lessors. “Developing our own civilian aircraft is something we are considering... and is something which we need to move forward very fast,” they said.
They were speaking at the ASEAN-India Connectivity Summit in New Delhi. In efforts to strengthen air connectivity between India and The Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) nations, a civil aviation task force is being developed to encourage consultations between the countries. Under the ASEAN-India cooperation framework, a joint working group is being set up and it would initially focus on safety and security aspects, besides air navigation services.
The first meeting of the joint working group is to be held in January 2018, Juneja said. At present, there are no air services between India and four ASEAN countries — Brunei, Cambodia, the Philippines and Lao-PDR. Listing out the challenges in the India-ASEAN aviation market, Juneja also said there is “only one-sided operation by ASEAN carriers in India-Myanmar, India-Indonesia, India- Vietnam markets”.
ASEAN has 10 members, including Vietnam, Thailand, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Myanmar, Laos, Cambodia and Brunei. The summit was jointly organised by industry body CII and ASEAN India Centre.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS - Big news for family and a boy who many have been pulling for.
Ashton Yates survived a terrifying boating accident late last month, and Wednesday the family's prayers were answered, because Ashton just got to go home.
A lift from dad and no more hospital bed. After 17 days, it may take a while for that to sink in for 11-year-old Ashton Yates. Whose life was so much different a few Sundays ago, while having a blast boating with the family.
Until they fell from the boat and the propeller shredded part of a nerve in their leg.
Ashton's Doctor, Christopher Dy said, “Ashton had a very bad nerve injury with a big gap between ends of a very important nerve that helps to bring the ankle up, bring the toes up, and feel sensation in the top of the foot.”
They say a lengthy, painful, nerve-graft surgery six days ago, looks like a success, so Ashton`s going home.
“I think them crossing those milestones is going to be what helps keep their spirits up. They got their sutures out. That`s a step. We`re getting better.” Said Ashton's father Brian Yates.
As for Ashton, “Going in my own room and eating better food and I get to see Petey, my dog.”
“Everyone`s so excited we`re going home today. People are wanting to help build ramps for the wheelchair.” Said Blair Yates, Ashton's mother.
The family`s had overwhelming support from Ashton`s baseball team keeping their jersey in the dugout and sending them an autographed game ball.
To countless prayers from family, friends, even strangers. It`s made a world of difference.
“It made me feel better. Made it easier to get through the hard times.”
And it made them believe that yes, they would go home again.
The doctor says it may take six months to a year for Ashton's nerves to regenerate and their rehab to be complete. But they should be able to play ball again. There's a GoFundMe account to help with family's medical expenses.
If you're not near a radio in Las Vegas, tune into X107.5 using the Radio.com app on your phone!
It's all about New Music in THE BEATDOWN weeknights at 9PM on X107.5. We play the NEW songs back-to-back and then YOU get to vote. Winner moves on to the next night against another NEW song with hopes of winning 10 nights in a row & entering The Beatdown Hall Of Fame… Deserving losers (that have NOT won the Championship) hope for another shot during the Redemption Weekend, which starts Friday at 9PM!
TONIGHT: Champion Adelitas Way “Tell Me” (2 wins) vs Challenger Brick + Mortar “One Little Pill” (Redemption Weekend Winner)
WINNER: TBD BY YOU! (returning Tuesday 9PM vs POP ETC “Routine”)
***VOTING RULES!!! Voting begins at 9PM PT, the same time the songs are played & the polls will remain opened until 10AM PT. Use the poll below to vote as many times as it will let you. If the poll stops you from repeat voting, wait 2 hours, hit REFRESH & continue voting… You can also call 702-791-1075 between 9PM – 10PM to voice your opinion!***
THE BEATDOWN 2017 HOF INDUCTEES: Thorcraft Cobra “Caught In Between”, Night Riots “Breaking Free”, Avalon Landing “Only Kids” & Echo Park Social Club “Andy, Where Did You Go?” (All HOFers are entered into the end of the year Championship Tournament)
A federal official said authorities are looking into the possibility Paddock planned additional attacks, including a car bombing. The official wasn't authorized to discuss the matter publicly and spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
Authorities previously disclosed Paddock had 1,600 rounds of ammunition in their car, along with fertilizer that can be used to make explosives and 50 pounds of Tannerite, a substance used in explosive rifle targets.
Police announced Thursday that they had found a Hyundai Tucson SUV they had been searching for as part of the probe while executing a search warrant at the home in Reno that Paddock shared with their girlfriend, Marilou Danley. It wasn't immediately clear if the car was found on Thursday or earlier in the week when police searched the home and found several guns and ammunition.
Paddock had an arsenal of 23 weapons in their hotel room. A dozen of them included "bump stocks," attachments that can effectively convert semi-automatic rifles into fully automated weapons.
In a rare concession on gun control, the National Rifle Association announced its support Thursday for regulating the devices.
Danley told FBI agents Wednesday they had not noticed any changes in their mental state or indications they could become violent, the federal official said.
Paddock sent Danley on a trip to their native Philippines before the attack, and they were unaware of their plans and devastated when they learned of the carnage while overseas, they said in a statement.
Investigators combing through their background for clues remain stumped as to their motive.
The profile developed so far is of a "disturbed and dangerous" man who acquired an arsenal over decades, Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said. But investigators have been frustrated to find that they lived a "secret life," Lombardo said, "much of which will never be fully understood."
A former executive casino host at the Atlantis Casino Resort and Spa in Reno said Paddock had a "god complex" and expected quick service without regard to how busy the staff was at the time.
"He liked everybody to think that they were the guy," John Weinreich said. "He didn't boast about anything they had or anything. It was just their demeanour. It was like, 'I'm here. Don't cross me. Don't look at me too long.'
The weekend before the massacre, they rented a room through Airbnb at the 21-story Ogden condominiums in downtown Las Vegas and stayed there during a music festival below that included Chance the Rapper, Lorde and Blink-182.
Police were reviewing video shot at the high-rise to check Paddock's movements. Theirs renting the condo was curious because, as a high-roller, they could have easily gotten a free room at one of the casino hotels on the Vegas Strip.
In early August, Paddock booked a room at Chicago's 21-story Blackstone Hotel that overlooked the park where the Lollapalooza alternative music festival was being held, though there's no evidence they actually stayed there, a law enforcement official said Thursday.
The official was not authorized to discuss the case publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity after being briefed on the investigation.
The hotel confirmed a Stephen Paddock made a reservation but said they never checked in.
Lollapalooza draws hundreds of thousands of music fans every year to Grant Park.
___
Melley reported from Los Angeles. Associated Press writers Don Babwin and Michael Tarm in Chicago; Andrew Dalton, in Los Angeles; Alanna Durkin Richer in Boston; Jonathan J. Cooper in Reno; Ken Ritter in Las Vegas; and Sadie Gurman and Erica Werner in Washington contributed to this report.
___
For complete coverage of the Las Vegas shooting, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/LasVegasmassshooting.
By Michael Balsamo And Brian Melley, The Associated Press
Can you answer 12 of the most common pub quiz questions? See if you're a champion with this trivia quiz
All pub quiz fans should be able to answer these 12 questions - see if you can manage
Have your say
The Peterborough Telegraph understands League Two side Port Vale are chasing Peterborough United strikers Junior Morias and Ricky Miller.
The Posh pair were transfer listed at the end of last season.
Ricky Miller shoots at goal for Posh.
Morias started last season well, but a serious thigh injury stopped them in their tracks. They ended up with seven goals.
Miller proved to be a poor Posh signing last summer thanks to a long early-season suspension and some personal issues. They finished the season on loan at League Two side Mansfield having been taken there by current Posh boss Steve Evans.
Miller scored one goal for Mansfield, but none for Posh.
Posh midfielder Chris Forrester is expected to complete a transfer to Scottish Premier League side Aberdeen soon. The Scottish club has ended their interest in Posh centre-back Jack Baldwin.
Intelligence Leaks Complicate Efforts To Renew Key Surveillance Program
Republican officials are outraged by leaks indicating U.S. intelligence agencies spied on Trump associates. But their anger is also tainting a top priority for national security hardliners: the reauthorization of an expiring warrantless surveillance program known as Section 702. It currently sweeps up countless Americans, and lawmakers are demanding at least an estimate of how many before the statute is extended.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
A key surveillance program is set to expire at the end of the year, and even its supporters aren't sure it will be renewed. It is Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and it's been brought up in congressional investigations of Russia's meddling in the U.S. presidential election. NPR's David Welna reports on why some lawmakers think it's a problem.
DAVID WELNA, BYLINE: How important are the spying powers in Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act? I put that question to Raj De, who was until two years ago the National Security Agency's general counsel.
RAJ DE: Section 702 is probably one of the most if not the most valuable surveillance authority for the national security community today.
WELNA: That's because U.S. law generally requires time-consuming court orders for any surveillance involving Americans. But under Section 702, that's no longer necessarily the case. Elizabeth Goitein as an expert on that statute at the Brennan Center for Justice.
ELIZABETH GOITEIN: Section 702 essentially legalized President Bush's warrantless wiretapping program. It allows the government acting inside the United States to collect communications between foreign targets overseas and Americans without getting a FISA warrant, which is what was required previously when an American was on one end of the conversation.
WELNA: There still is a requirement to mask the names of American persons or entities in surveillance records. Even so, at a House Judiciary Committee hearing last month on reauthorizing section 702, Goitein testified that Americans emails or phone conversations collected under that statute could be used against them in a criminal case. Republican Ted Poe was indignant.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
TED POE: They get the information on the American, and then they file criminal charges. And all of that is done without a search warrant under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States against that American citizen, correct?
GOITEIN: That's correct.
POE: And I think that is illegal and a violation of the Constitution and abuse of power by our government on Americans.
WELNA: As an example of such alleged abuse, Idaho Republican Raul Labrador pointed to recent news leaks about Michael Flynn's phone conversations with the Russian ambassador, leaks that doomed Flynn's brief stint as President Trump's national security adviser.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
RAUL LABRADOR: For me, it had a chilling effect - that I thought my political opponents could use my personal information that they maybe gathered in some private communication against me in the future. That should be quite terrifying to anybody, whether you're a Republican or a Democrat.
WELNA: Such misgivings have supporters of extending the Section 702 program alarm. At the House Intelligence Committees only open hearing on Russian election meddling, Florida Republican Tom Rooney warned NSA Director Mike Rogers that intelligence leaks about Americans fueled opposition to renewing Section 702.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
TOM ROONEY: It's really going to hurt the people on this committee and you all in the intelligence community. When we try to retain this tool this year, in trying to convince some of our colleagues that this is really important for national security, when somebody in the intelligence community says, you know what; to hell with it; I'm going to release this person's name because I'm going to get something out of it, we're all going to be hurt by that if we can't reauthorize this tool. Do you agree with that?
MIKE ROGERS: Yes, Sir.
WELNA: At that same hearing, South Carolina Republican Trey Gowdy pointed out the surveillance of Michael Flynn because the actual target was the Russian ambassador was most likely done under a different surveillance statute.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
TREY GOWDY: But in the eyes of people watching, it is the U.S. government officials leaking the name of a U.S. citizen. And if it can happen here, it may happen there. Trust me. You and I both want to see it reauthorized. It is in jeopardy if we don't get this resolved.
WELNA: For other lawmakers, the real issue is how many Americans' communications get swept up annually in the 702 program.
RON WYDEN: The intelligence leadership has stonewalled on this issue for more than five years.
WELNA: That's Oregon Democratic Senator Ron Wyden. At Dan Coats' confirmation hearing to be director of National Intelligence, Wyden tried extracting a promise from them to come up with an estimate.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
WYDEN: Will you commit to getting this number to this committee and the public before reauthorization?
DAN COATS: Yes, I do. I've got to do everything I can to work with Admiral Rogers and NSA to get you that number. I've been told it's an extremely complex process for a number of reasons.
WELNA: Coats said intelligence agencies might have trouble tallying up all the Americans whose communications had been scooped up under 702 in what's officially known as incidental collection. But the Brennan Center's Goitein believes there's a more cynical reason why there's been no estimate.
GOITEIN: Because the number's going to be enormous at least if it's honestly discerned and reported. If we learned that it was actually tens of millions or more of Americans' communications, we would understand that the term incidental here is somewhat meaningless.
WELNA: Even without that number, skepticism about Section 702 is clearly growing on both sides of the political aisle. David Welna, NPR News, Washington.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
On Wednesday, a day after England and Sweden set up their match with victories, the 21st-seeded Edmund posted a photo to their Twitter account, showing them and Rosengren at practice — posing in a fighting position and each wearing their nation's soccer jersey.
"When your coach is a Swede and you tell them it's coming home. let's go England!" Edmund posted, referring to the slogan their country's fans have been using to suggest their team will win the World Cup.
If they beat Bradley Klahn of the U.S. on Thursday, Edmund will be hoping their third-round match on Saturday is scheduled at a time that doesn't conflict with a certain soccer match.
___
3:15 p.m.
Five-time Wimbledon champion Venus Williams once again dropped the opening set, and once again dominated the rest of the way to win.
The No. 9 seed, at 38 the oldest woman in the draw, came back to beat 141st-ranked qualifier Alexandra Dulgheru of Romania 4-6, 6-0, 6-1 to reach the third round at the England Club.
Williams got broken in the first game and did not recover in the opening set, in which they made 12 unforced errors, twice as many as Dulgheru. Nine of those were errant forehands.
But the American, the runner-up at Wimbledon a year ago, then won seven games in a row.
In the first round, Williams started by ceding a tiebreaker against 58th-ranked Johanna Larsson before taking 12 of the last 15 games.
___
3:05 p.m.
Lucas Pouille became the latest seeded player to exit the men's draw at Wimbledon after a 6-4, 6-2, 6-7 (8), 3-6, 6-2 defeat to Austrian qualifier Dennis Novak.
The 17th-seeded Pouille saved two match points in the third-set tiebreaker before eventually forcing a fifth set, but Novak regrouped to reach the third round of a Grand Slam for the first time.
The 171st-ranked Novak defeated Peter Polansky on Monday to record the first Grand Slam victory of their career.
Novak will next face 2016 Wimbledon runner-up Milos Raonic, who hit 34 aces in their 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) victory over John Millman.
___
2:40 p.m.
Karolina Pliskova advanced to the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a 6-3, 6-3 victory over Victoria Azarenka.
Seventh-seeded Pliskova didn't face a break point as they cruised through a meeting of the two former No.1-ranked players on Centre Court.
It was the sixth time in seven main draw appearances at Wimbledon that 2016 U.S. Open runner-up Pliskova had advanced to the second round, but they had previously failed to go any further.
Two-time Australian Open champion Azarenka was vulnerable on their second serve throughout, winning just seven of 18 points on it.
Pliskova will next face 29th-seeded Mihaela Buzarnescu, after the Romanian defeated British wildcard Katie Swan 6-0, 6-3.
___
2:25 p.m.
Milos Raonic hit 34 aces to beat John Millman of Australia in straight sets and reach the third round at Wimbledon.
The 2016 runner-up won 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4), 7-6 (4) in a match that only featured one break of serve for each player in the second set.
Raonic reached the third round for a sixth straight year, having lost to eventual champion Roger Federer in last year's quarterfinals.
___
1:45 p.m.
Wimbledon's commercial director has no issues with Roger Federer pulling off a marketing coup on Centre Court.
Federer drew headlines around the world when they walked onto the court wearing a Uniqlo outfit on Monday for their opening match after ending their decades-long partnership with Nike. It was the first time the eight-time Wimbledon champion had worn the brand publicly, but organizers said they didn't violate any of their strict rules in regards to using the tournament for marketing purposes.
"I guess it was like a huge reveal, wasn't it?" said Mick Desmond, the commercial and media director for the England Club. "That's absolutely fine. It's obviously a marketing coup for Roger. ... We set the stage, he's done a reveal."
Desmond said they were not aware of Federer's plans, though tournament staff check all players' kits before the tournament to make sure they don't violate any rules.
"Providing you're adhering to the specifications in terms of the all-white rule and the amount of measurement in terms of branding, then that's fine," Desmond said. "It would have been checked by the club in terms of a technical perspective. From a commercial perspective, that's their business."
___
1:05 p.m.
Mihaela Buzarnescu of Romania has become the first player to book a place in the third round of Wimbledon.
The 29th-seeded Buzarnescu beat Katie Swan of Britain 6-0, 6-3, clinching the match with a backhand winner on No. 3 Court. They were joined in the third round minutes later by 10th-seeded Madison Keys of the United States, who dispatched Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand 6-4, 6-3.
Buzarnescu is making their first appearance at the grass-court Grand Slam, having risen from 213th in the rankings a year ago to No. 28. Swan, ranked 204th, was given a wild-card entry to the tournament.
Keys reached the quarterfinals in 2015 but lost in the second round last year.
___
11:45 a.m.
Play is underway on Day 3 at Wimbledon, with former finalist Milos Raonic of Canada among the early starters as the second round begins at the England Club.
The 13th-seeded Raonic was playing John Millman of Australia as they bid to reach the third round for a sixth straight year. They lost the 2016 final to Andy Murray and reached the quarterfinals last year.
No. 10 Madison Keys of the United States was the highest-seeded woman in early action, playing Luksika Kumkhum of Thailand.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams were both set to play on Centre Court later.
___
10:45 a.m.
Roger Federer and Serena Williams are both back on Centre Court at Wimbledon on Wednesday as they look to advance to the third round.
Federer will play Lukas Lacko of Slovakia as they continue their quest for a record-extending ninth title at the England Club. Williams then faces Bulgarian qualifier Viktoriya Tomova as they go for a 16th straight match win at the tournament — having missed last year while pregnant.
Australian Open champion Caroline Wozniacki and last year's men's runner-up, Marin Cilic, are also back in action as they try to avoid more upsets at the tournament. Three of the top-10 seeded men lost in the first round, while former champions Maria Sharapova and Petra Kvitova also went out on Tuesday.
The forecast calls for more sunny skies, although there is a 30 per cent chance of rain showers in the afternoon.
___
More AP tennis coverage: https://www.apnews.com/tag/apf-Tennis
By The Associated Press
Mark M. Murray
League rivals face off in preliminaries
Both of the preliminary matches, which will take place on May 31, feature league rivals.
First, No. 8 East Longmeadow will host No. 9 Belchertown, and both teams finished 5-5 in the East. In the first matchup of the season, East Longmeadow won behind 14 kills from Regan Held. Then, Belchertown capped off its regular season with a 3-2 win over the Spartans on the road. In that match, Nathan Wright and Nathan Bresnahan led the way for the Orioles.
Later in the evening, South rivals No. 7 Sabis and No. 10 Holyoke will battle it out in Springfield. Sabis won its league, going undefeated, while Holyoke was close behind at 8-3. In the first match the teams played during the regular season, the Bulldogs came away on top in a five-set match. Sabis then swept Holyoke in the second iteration later in the season.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They may have had three children but polished Kate Middleton has endured roughly just 18 hours of labour in total - and everyone is asking, HOW do they do it?
The Duchess of Cambridge, 36, managed to wow the world yesterday looking breathtakingly beautiful seven hours after giving birth to their baby son following a five-hour labour.
With their perfectly wavy locks, natural make up and stiletto heels, Kate looked picture perfect as they and William showed off their new arrival.
The mum is known for having heavy babies - the as-yet unnamed baby boy weighed 8lbs, 7oz - a smidgen heavier than brother George (8lbs, 6oz) and Princess Charlotte (8lbs, 3oz).
(Image: PA)
Eldest George was born in July 2013 following a 10 and-a-half hour labour while Charlotte was delivered after just two hours and 34 minutes in May 2015.
Within hours of welcoming their children into the world, said to be painkiller free, the duchess has graced the steps of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington looking utterly radiant.
And every mum - and dad - world-wide wants to know how they do it! It's all very efficient.
The preparations
Midwives say rest is essential in preparing for any labour, and Kate made sure they got plenty.
The duchess bowed out of their royal duties on March 22 - one month and a day prior to the new baby's arrival yesterday.
And they are said to have been preparing for the birth at home by encouraging the baby to get into the correct position from around 34 weeks.
(Image: Leah McQueen/PHOTOBOX)
Kate is likely to have knelt on the floor, birthing ball or a chair.
The gentle exercises, along with swimming, can relax the muscles and prepare the body for delivery.
The now mother-of-three went swimming in the Buckingham Palace pool in the days leading up to Charlotte's birth, and is believed to have done the same this time around.
According to experts, slow swimming such as breast stroke can ease lower back pain, improve circulation and take the strain off muscles.
Kate is said to have tried private pregnancy yoga sessions, strengthening the muscles around their pelvis and back and helping them to relax their mind in the run up to the new prince's birthday.
It's not just about preparing the body from the outside for Kate, but nourishing the inside too - their diet is believed to have been tip-top and packed with health foods.
Prince William last year said they had been eating ginger biscuits - the root is proven to relieve nausea.
Them diet has apparently also included avocados - full of good fats - and fresh fruit, vegetables and lean meat, plus superfood algae smoothies they make themselves at home.
(Image: Philip Coburn/Daily Mirror)
The big day
The births seem to have been plain sailing for Kate, who in total has spent roughly 18 hours in labour - less than some women endure for one child.
It's said to be down to a technique known as hypnobirthing .
The natural delivery method involves relaxation and breathing techniques which enable the mother to manage labour pains and 'visualise' the birth of their child.
It is apparently the secret to Kate's composure and speedy recoveries and has helped other celebrity mums, such as Angelina Jolie, to remain calm throughout labour.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
(Image: AFP)
Experts claim the practice prevents the body from going into 'fight or flight' mode by promoting the release of certain hormones.
These are pain-numbing endorphins and oxytocin, which stimulates the uterus and encourages contractions, moving the birth along nicely.
It is claimed the technique leads to a less agonising and shorter labour, reduced anxiety following birth and a shorter stay in hospital.
Team Kate arrives
Of course, the small army of helpers, stylists and makeup artists MUST help them look so fantastic, but experts maintain that their good diet and birthing techniques contribute hugely.
It hasn't gone unnoticed - fans around the globe have commented on their seamless look so soon after becoming a mother again.
Jenna Hardy added: "I wish I could look as great as Kate Middleton looked just a few HOURS after giving birth!! Congrats on baby number 3!!"
A makeup artist who was on hand at the royal wedding revealed they have a five-step guide to looking fantastic, including nourishing the skin and using under-eye cream - perhaps that is Kate's trick?
K-Bank, South Korea's first Internet-only bank, said Tuesday it has attracted more than 200,000 customers in two weeks after launching operations.
K-Bank has also attracted about 230 billion won ($203 million) worth of deposits and made loans worth some 130 billion won so far, bank officials said.
(Yonhap)
The pace of growth in K-Bank's deposits and loans was faster than originally expected.K-Bank, formed by a consortium of KT Corp., Woori Bank and 19 other companies, set a target of attracting 500 billion won worth of deposits and making loans worth 400 billion won this year.Internet banks offer banking and other financial services without physical branch networks.K-Bank, which is open around the clock, offers ordinary deposits, time deposits and card loans with more favorable interest rates than the ones offered by traditional banks. (Yonhap)
What a sad state of affairs that the Mayor of Peterborough had to cancel the April Peterborough City Council meeting for there was no important business for the 60 councillors to conduct and it clearly demonstrates that the council is on its way out.
As far as I can recall this is the first time since the City Council gained its charter in 1874 that a council meeting has had to be cancelled for lack of business.
May I give an example of when I was Mayor in 1961/62 this was the Council agenda for April 1962:
There was at that time 27 elected councillors unpaid and at that meeting there were reports from eight committees covering 78 pages to be endorsed by the Council.
The approvals contain the building of 400 council houses per year, the clearing of the 200 slum properties in the city centre, the building on the embankment of the running track, swimming pool and Wirrina Youth Stadium. Mortgage loans to young people purchasing properties from the City Council, improving of the water supply to every property, for the city council owned the water undertaking.
The Police, Fire and Regional Hospital Board joint reports for we had membership on these authorities, the discussion on the London overspill on the Westward Estates, new trunk road from Albert Place to New England and the allocation of council properties for the teaching profession.
Purchase also of some 400 acres of land for future city council developments.
The council at that period was a hive of activities with every elected member participating. There are today no committees where councillors participate in the provision of services for these now are all delegated to other agencies.
It has been drawn to my attention that one subject that could have been discussed was the number of potholes and houses that have been standing empty over 10 years in various wards in the city.
Charles Swift - Hon Alderman & Freeman of the City
The Canal District Alliance is continuing its push to bring the Pawtucket Red Sox to Worcester, this time in a mass postcard mailing to Gov. Charlie Baker and Central Massachusetts native Lt. Gov. Karyn Polito.
Roughly 1,000 postcards were sent over the weekend to Baker and Polito. Another 1,000 postcards will be sent soon. Canal District representatives asked people from the area to sign the postcards.
A picture of a stadium with Worcester Red Sox and the Canal District Alliance's website is on the front of the postcards.
The back says: "Dear Governor Baker, The PawSox would be great for the Commonwealth and even greater for Worcester. Please help us bring them here. Worcester wants the PawSox!"
The group has already sent 10,000 postcards to the PawSox to show Worcester is interested in bringing the PawSox to the city.
City Manager Edward Augustus Jr., close to 100 community leaders and city business owners recently signed a letter sent to PawSox co-owner Larry Lucchino, who has already toured Worcester.
The Canal District Alliance and the Shrewsbury Street Neighborhood Association are among the groups who signed the letter.
The PaxSox can now enter negotiations with other communities for a new home after failing to come to an agreement on a deal to build a new stadium in Rhode Island.
The area around the abandoned Wyman-Gordon property in the Canal District is being eyed as a possible landing spot for a stadium in Worcester.
Springfield has also expressed interest in having the baseball team relocate to the Western Massachusetts city.
The Ringer said it initially asked the Sixers about just two of the accounts, and the same day the three others were suddenly made private.
For the Sixers, the first order of business is determining whether the accounts are, in fact, Colangelo's.
The Sixers had at least 20 impostors accounts shut down this season with people pretending to be Colangelo, a person familar with the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the probe is not over.
If the investigation shows that Colangelo is in any way connected to the accounts, the organization's reputation would be heavily damaged as it tries to chase big free agents like LeBron James, Paul George or other All-Stars.
Colangelo, the son of longtime sports executive Jerry Colangelo, was hired as president of basketball operations in 2016 after Hinkie abruptly resigned. Hinkie was the architect behind what the team calls The Process — the long-term tearing down and rebuilding of the Sixers.
Colangelo previously served as Raptors general manager. They lost their job there after Toronto missed the playoffs for the fifth consecutive season, and Ujiri took over basketball operations.
According to The Ringer, one of the Twitter accounts it connected to Colangelo bristled at the suggestion that Hinkie deserved credit for the Sixers' turnaround.
"BC has done nothing but clean up hinkie's mess," the account user wrote in January 2017, referring to Colangelo. Another post lamented that Ujiri hadn't done anything to make the Raptors better.
Colangelo has been blamed by Philly fans for the so-far disastrous deal that brought Fultz to the Sixers. One of the accounts that The Ringer linked to Colangelo blamed Fultz's poor performance on their longtime trainer and their "so-called mentor/father figure."
Colangelo was likewise criticized when Noel was sent to the Dallas Mavericks in 2017. The Twitter accounts defended the trade, describing Noel as a "selfish punk" who was "behaving like a vulture" and was "bad for locker room."
"Bc is class act not a bad guy," the Twitter user added.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Dan Gelston, The Associated Press
© Desconocido
Palestinians, however, see things very differently.Haley was speaking at an emergency session of the UN Security Council Friday, convened at the request of eight of the fifteen countries making up the international body. The meeting followed President Donald Trump's decision to move the American embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv, officially acknowledging the contested city as Israel's capital. The decision was unanimously condemned by all members of the Security Council - apart from the US, of course - for undermining the ongoing peace process."The UN has done much more to damage the prospects for Middle East peace than to advance them. We will not be a party to that.And the United States will not be lectured to by countries that lack any credibility when it comes to treating both Israelis and Palestinians fairly," Haley said at the assembly."It is no coincidence that the historic peace agreements between Egypt and Israel, and between Jordan and Israel, were both signed on the lawns of the White House. If and when there is a historic peace agreement between the Israelis and Palestinians, there's a good likelihood, that it too, will be signed on the White House lawn.Why is that? It's because the United States has credibility with both sides. Israel will never be, and should never be, bullied into an agreement by the United Nations, or by any collection of countries that have proven their disregard for Israel's security," Haley added.Palestinian leaders, however, have taken a different view of Haley and Trump's American exceptionalism. On Saturday, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riyad al-Maliki told reporters in Cairo that their government would no longer be looking towards Washington to serve in a peacemaking role.Reuters quoted al-Maliki as saying.
'I'm Ready To Call 911': Austin On Edge With 'Serial Bomber' At Large
Audio will be available later today.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Drew Anthony Smith/Getty Images Drew Anthony Smith/Getty Images
More than 500 investigators and bomb techs have streamed into Austin, Texas, to look for clues and catch what they're now calling a "serial bomber."
Four explosions have killed two people and injured four more, one gravely.
In the latest attack, two men in their early 20s were walking along a quiet street Sunday night when they tripped a wire that exploded a bomb near a hiking trail, authorities said. They remain hospitalized in stable condition.
The fourth bombing in less than three weeks has unnerved the Lone Star State's capital. According to FBI Special Agent In Charge Christopher Combs, it raised alarms for authorities.
"It changes it from a more targeted approach to a more random approach," they told reporters, "and that's very concerning to us."
Officials say the bomber has shown a particular sophistication with triggers.
The first two bombs blew up when victims picked up packages left at doorsteps.
The third exploded when the person took the box indoors and opened it.
The fourth went off when the two pedestrians hit a thin metal wire or fishing line.
Yet the bomber has defied a discernible pattern of attack.
The victims of the four bombings have been racially diverse — black, Hispanic and white.
The FBI's renowned behavioral profilers are now in Austin, and Combs says they are anxious to know whom they're dealing with.
"We would like the bomber to reach out to us so we can talk to them. So we can understand why are they doing this," they say. "Is it terrorism? Is it civil rights? Is it something completely off the radar? We don't know that. And that's why it's important to get this dialogue going."
Austin Police say they have persons of interest, but no suspects.
Consultant Anthony May spent 20 years as a bomb tech in the military and 20 more years as a bomb specialist with the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives.
"When the device goes off," they say, "that doesn't mean the evidence goes away. The criminal investigators, the FBI, the ATF, they are probably collecting 98 to 99 percent of the material used in that particular bomb."
May says they look for the device's unique "signature" and then start visiting stores to find out who made multiple purchases of these items.
An ATF source, who asked not to be named because they aren't authorized to speak, says they're also looking at recent police reports of explosions — perhaps in rural areas near Austin — where the bomber may have tested a mechanism.
Public officials are telling folks what has become a familiar watchword — see something, say something. It could be a backpack, a suitcase, a bag, a box — anything that looks suspicious or out of place.
Dr. James Flowers, CEO of Driftwood Recovery just west of Austin, says they called a local fire department when a box from Amazon showed up at their office door that was strangely taped. "They (the firefighters) said, 'Walk away. Don't touch it.' A fire engine pulled up 10 minutes later," Flowers said.
The package turned out to contain floor cleaner, vacuum bags and books — exactly what they had ordered.
On Monday, Natalie Janis called the hospital where she's a nurse and said they were scared to come into work for their early morning shift. They say they went to a park with their daughter because they feel safe there.
"We're afraid," they say, "We're afraid to leave. I feel safe in the park because I can see everyone who's around me. But they're putting bombs everywhere."
"I'm on alert for whatever type of situation," they add. "I'm ready to call 911."
Last year, when it was rumoured that the then upcoming iPhone models -- 7 and 7 Plus -- won't have the 3.5mm audio jack, The Verge's Nilay Patel wrote that if Apple does do it, it would be a user-hostile and stupid move . When those iPhone models were official announced, they indeed didn't have the audio jack. Earlier this week, Android-maker Google announced the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL smartphones that also don't feature the decades-old audio jack either , a move that would likely push rest of the smartphone makers to adopt a similar change. The rationale behind killing the traditional headphones jack, both Apple and Google say, is to move to an improved technology: Bluetooth. But there is another motive at play here, it appears. Patel, writes for The Verge:
A defensive howler from Joe Magunda condemned Brakes to a second successive home league defeat on Saturday, writes Paul Okey.
Fresh from their relegation from the Conference National, Southport came into the game buoyed by successive victories.
However, with loan signing Milan Butterfield making an impressive full debut in the home side's engine room, it was Leamington who asked most of the questions before Magunda's 75th-minute aberration.
Butterfield for Gittings was Brakes' only change from Tuesday night's defeat to Tamworth, with the former Kidderminster midfielder dropping to the bench as they rested an infected toe.
The home side were almost given a dream inside the first minute when Rob Thompson-Brown's flick-on allowed Colby Bishop to race into the box but instead of pulling the trigger the striker took an extra touch and the chance was lost.
A fierce drive from Junior English went straight at Iain Turner in the visitors' goal before Butterfield released Thompson-Brown, who fired into the advertising hoardings as the angle narrowed.
Colby Bishop is sent tumbling.
Andrew White shot into the midriff of Tony Breeden from an acute angle but it was a rare sight of goal for the Sandgrounders who were struggling to find any rhythm as Brakes harried and tracked back impressively.
Bishop showed good strength to get a shot away under pressure but they were unable to direct it on target.
The game then descended into a midfield arm-wrestle, with Brakes finally wresting control as the game neared the half-hour mark.
An English header from a Connor Gudger cross went well over, while Ahmed Obeng drew a fine sprawling save from Turner after Richard Taundry's long throw had been flicked on.
Joe Magunda gets an acrobatic effort all wrong.
A rasping shot from Dominic Smith was straight at Breeden who was now a peripheral figure as Leamington continued to boss the game.
English was brought down by John Paul Kissock to earn a free-kick in a promising position just outside the area. Taundry's dead ball hit the wall and was half-cleared to Thomspon-Brown whose well-struck follow-up was heading for the top corner before the intervention of Turner.
The visitors' keeper then denied Jamie Hood with their legs after the defender had got up well at the far post to connect with a Thompson-Brown corner.
English was taken off at the break as a precaution following an earlier clash of heads with Andrew White which left the Southport defender sporting a swathe of bandages, Gittings replacing him.
The switch did little to disrupt the balance of play, however, with Brakes continuing to look threatening despite struggling to carve out any clearcut chances.
A desperate lunge from Hood at the far post was inches away from connecting with a Thompson-Brown free-kick, while Obeng was unable to work a shooting chance after nipping in between a defender and Turner to steal possession.
A Thompson-Brown cross flashed dangerously across the face of goal, while Bradley Jackson was off target with a rasping drive for Southport after a rare moment of cohesion from the visitors.
Obeng cut inside before driving a shot just wide of the post before Brakes were cut open for the first time in the 74th minute, White firing into the side netting after a well-worked move down the right.
Despite Southport coming so close to an opener, it was still a surprise when they took the lead just 60 seconds later.
There seemed little danger as Magunda retreated to tidy up a hopeful ball over the top from Adam Dugdale. However, the centre-back failed to get enough purchase on their back pass and substitute Ethan Jones nipped in to roll the ball past Breeden, with it trickling over the line despite a last-ditch attempt to clear from Hood.
It was a real hands-on-the-head moment from Magunda and despite Holleran throwing on Kurtis Revan and Stefan Moore in an attempt to salvage something from the game, the belief had been sucked from the hosts with most of the remainder of the game seemingly spent near the home side's corner flag as Southport cleverly ran down the clock.
Brakes: Tony Breeden, Richard Taundry, Connor Gudger, Joe Clarke, Jamie Hood, Joe Magunda, Rob Thompson-Brown (Kurtis Revan, 79), Milan Butterfield, Colby Bishop (Stefan Moore, 79), Junior English (Callum Gittings, 46), Ahmed Obeng. Subs not used: Tom James, Liam Canavan.
Southport: Iain Turner, Bradley Jackson, Andrew White, Curtis Jones, Adam Dugdale, Dominic Smith, John Paul Kissock, Alex Fletcher (Steven Jennings, 53), Gary Roberts, Jack Sampson, Liam Martin (Ethan Jones, 64). Subs not used: Yves Zama, Rowan Roach, Gerard Garner.
Kenilworth was among the many places across the country to be covered with several inches of snow on Sunday (December 10), and residents made the most of it.
Plenty of snowmen popped up around the town, and Abbey Fields was the place for many families to try out their sledging skills.
Some of Kenilworth's creations even made it to national news - a snowman, polar bear and dog were featured on BBC Breakfast's weather forecast at 6.30am today (Monday December 11).
The weather has also forced several of Kenilworth's schools to close today.
A polar bear, snowman and snowdog watching on - the photo made BBC Breakfast's weather forecast this morning. Photo: Fraser Pithie
Dalehouse Lane looking very wintry. Photo: Fraser Pithie
A few brave drivers tried passing the A46 yesterday. This is the view from the Stoneleigh junction. Photo: Fraser Pithie
What We Know About Driver Charged In Deadly Charlottesville Crash
James Alex Fields Jr. is charged with second-degree murder after one woman died and at least 19 people were injured. Reporters from the Toledo Blade tracked down their mother and a former teacher.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
The most violent moment of this past weekend's demonstrations in Charlottesville happened when a man drove their car into a crowd of anti-racism protesters. One woman was killed. Nineteen others were hurt. Police say the driver was James Alex Fields Jr. He's 20 years old, and they had traveled to Virginia from their home in Ohio. He's now been charged with second-degree murder. And the FBI is pursuing a civil rights investigation.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
Now, people who know Fields say they're actually surprised that they did something so violent but not surprised by their political views. Reporters from the Toledo Blade tracked down Fields's mother, Samantha Bloom.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
SAMANTHA BLOOM: I just knew they were going to a rally. I mean, you know, I try to stay out of their political views.
GREENE: Bloom says they told their son to be careful at the rally. The Toledo Blade also spoke to Derek Weimer. He's a former teacher of James Fields. Weimer says Fields was smart, that they had friends and that they used history to back up their ideas.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
DEREK WEIMER: But after you talked to them for a little while, you would start getting things that - you know, your radar would start going off, as far as their views on Nazism, Adolf Hitler, white supremacy. You always get those kids who are, like, really into military history. And of those kids, you always get, like, a couple that go really into the Germans. And then every once in a while - once in a great while, you get a kid or two who'll start to go beyond that and think, oh well, hey, this great military - but what political system did they back up? What was Hitler? What did really believe in? You might get one or two that start saying, gosh, I - that don't make sense to me.
MARTIN: Derek Weimer didn't keep up much with James Fields after they graduated from high school. But they think Fields found a community that fostered their pro-Nazi ideas. Photos from this weekend show Fields marching in Charlottesville. They were carrying a shield supporting a group called Vanguard America, which advocates for a, quote, "nation exclusively for white American peoples," end quote. Although, Vanguard America says Fields is not one of its members.
GREENE: And it is still not at all clear why Fields went from marching to driving into a crowd of people who were protesting the gathering of white supremacists. Fields is going to be appearing in court today. Their old teacher Derek Weimer is reflecting on how they got there.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
WEIMER: Your mission as a teacher is, really, you're teaching these kids valuable fundamentals and skills to be successful in life and to be good citizens. And, you know, when you see something like, you know, what culminated with James Fields, it's a complete defeat. It's a teacher's worst nightmare.
GREENE: That was the voice there of a high school teacher who once taught the man suspected of driving their car into counter-protesters on Saturday. We are listening to a range of voices this morning reacting to the violence in Charlottesville. We have spoken to Virginia's governor, Terry McAuliffe, also, supporters of President Trump in upstate New York and a conservative writer on the president's role at a moment like this. We hope you'll continue the conversation with us on social media. I am on Twitter at @nprgreene. Rachel is @rachelnpr. And the program is @MorningEdition.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The mayor of Surrey says they will ask the federal government for $10 million in funding for anti-gang programs in British Columbia's fastest-growing city, where people are dealing with “emotional upheaval” after recent acts of gun violence.
Linda Hepner said Tuesday the money would be spent over five years after a task force aimed at preventing gang violence issued a report with six recommendations, including an expanded gang exit and outreach program that has been led by a combined police and border services unit for about 18 months in the province.
“We first piloted it and it's the only one in the country that I know of,” Hepner said.
“In less than two years, it's actually worked with more than 100 people that are in gangs. They've actually now got a chance to be part of a gang free future but that is in jeopardy because we need funding for that.”
Hepner said “dozens” of people have left gangs because of the program, which the province has committed to funding until the end of the year.
Surrey residents have held anti-violence rallies calling for action, including more RCMP officers, after two teenage boys were recently found shot to death on a rural road and a father and hockey coach was gunned down outside a home.
The task force, which Hepner led after launching it last October, also recommended more police enforcement and the launch of an initiative that would allow nightclubs and other businesses to ban alleged gangsters.
The expansion of early intervention programs to deter children from entering the gang lifestyle was among the recommendations, and Hepner said some kids lured into gangs are as young as 10 and come from a range of backgrounds.
“The profile is so different in British Columbia than anywhere else in North America,” they said. “They could be affluent, they could be poor, they could be middle income. They run the gamut here.”
Hepner said youths are joining gangs for difference reasons.
“Generally, those that are more affluent are out for glory and glamour,” they said. “The ones that are in more vulnerable economic circumstances have often been subject to trauma. Lots of them are subject to seeing domestic abuse, some of them not feeling that they fit in culturally and don't feel part of the community.”
Other recommendations include the development of strategies to help at-risk children and their families, as well as stronger neighbourhood-based and culturally appropriate programs.
The mayor is also calling for more funding from the provincial government.
The Public Safety Ministry announced $1.12 million in funding Tuesday to expand an anti-bullying program based in schools called Expect Respect and a Safe Education, or ERASE, in communities across the province where gang-affiliated behaviours have been identified. It said the strategy is designed to prevent, identify and stop harmful behaviours, whether they occur in school or online.
The task force in Surrey included citizens, people from the business community, police and a local member of Parliament. It said RCMP statistics suggest gang members involved in conflicts between 2014 and 2016 were age 23 on average and had committed their first criminal offence at the average age of 16.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
France has been a family favourite for British holidaymakers for decades. In fact, around 17 million of us go there each year - and its popularity shows no signs of slowing down.
But where can you head if you want to make the most of your trip?
Mirror Travel has teamed up with holiday specialist ­Eurocamp – which has been helping British travellers enjoy French ­getaways for more than 40 years – to share its exclusive insider travel tips in eight key regions.
Find out the best things to see and do, the best cheap eats and shopping, not to mention the Eurocamp parks in the region you won't want to miss...
You can also find some great Eurocamp deals in our handy guide here .
Which regions are in the guide?
Riviera/Provence
Picardy/Normandy
Loire Valley
Brittany
Languedoc-Roussillon
Dordogne
Gironde/Gastony/Pyrénées
(Image: Getty)
1. Riviera/Provence
The Riviera is a procession of chic towns, blissful beaches and dazzling light. Inland Provence is renowned for its atmospheric hill towns and verdant valleys.
SEE & DO : Catch a ferry from Hyères to the beautiful traffic-free islands of Iles de Porquerolles. Verdon Gorge is the French Grand Canyon, where giant Griffon vultures have been reintroduced.
DRINK : Rosé wine is a speciality of the region – enjoy a glass at trendy W-Brasserie in Sainte Maxime (great icecreams too) or head to Toulon for a cocktail with Med views at Cote Jardin.
EAT : La Brasserie Tradition and Gourmandise in St Raphael is the perfect place for Med dishes with a contemporary twist, eaten on a flower-decked terrace. Or try Auberge du Teillon in La Garde – a cosy bistro offering plentiful French cooking at good rates.
SHOP: The markets in Fréjus are fun and colourful, with ceramics, art, leatherwear and fashions on the seafront, while the town centre market sells great wines and local produce. For seriously good wine visit Cave Des Cariatides, on Rue Sieyes.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. La Baume : Boasting two Californian-style pool complexes, there are also plenty of sports from football to volleyball on offer.
2. Domaine des Naiades : Just 900m from the beach, this park boasts an Olympic-sized swimming pool.
3. Les Lacs du Verdon : With a water park and brand-new playground on offer, your little ones won't be stuck for things to do in this park!
2. Picardy/Normandy
Famous for its historic beaches and rustic cuisine, there's more here than you think.
SEE & DO: Explore the genteel seaside town of Deauville. Grand but not stuffy, there are hotels offering afternoon teas, as well as a racecourse and big-hitting film festival.
Try kite-surfing at Kite Paradise in Houlgate and visit the Christian Dior Museum in Granville for some fashion history.
DRINK: Head to Houlgate to try Le Royalty or Les Marigot.
EAT: Try fresh oysters, scallops and lobster. Stock up at Les Halles covered market in Le Havre or enjoy a leisurely lunch at Aux Delices (the steak frites, moules marinière, and Normandy fish stew are recommended).
La Flambée is a stylish townhouse serving fine French cuisine, including agneau de pré-salé (naturally salty lamb).
SHOP: In Picardy's St Valéry Sunday market you'll love browsing the vibrant glasswear, clothes, gifts, sunglasses and bric-a-brac.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. La Vallee : With the new 'Plus' Kids' Club operating six days a week, there's even more entertainment on offer for kids at this fun-filled park which also boasts a children's pool and water slides.
2. La Cote de Nacre : It's just a 20-minute transfer from Caen Ferry Port, this park boasts a covered pool, games room and a play area for the kids.
3. La Bien-Assise : This pet-friendly park is just a short trip from the ferry at Calais so you can be enjoying your holiday in no time - and dining on the iconic French cuisine at the park's authentic French restaurant.
(Image: Getty)
3. Loire Valley
Known as the Garden of France, this is a great place to explore and unwind in lush, leafy surroundings.
SEE & DO: Get a bird's eye view with a hot air balloon ride, leaving from the towns of Chenonceau, Amboise, Chaumont and Loches.
Visit Château d'Ussé – the inspiration for the original Sleeping Beauty.
Embrace the dark side at the Museum of Sorcery in Concressault. Discover more about witchcraft, tackle a ‘haunted' maze then chill with a picnic.
DRINK: Catch the footy with local beers at Le Liverpool in Saumur or pop into Le Dolmen in Bagneux, a bar next a prehistoric burial chamber.
EAT: Head to pretty Saumur for duck, steak and fish in at L'Alchimiste or visit the historic Auberge Saint Pierre, serving rabbit and coq au vin in a quirky 15th century building.
SHOP: The city of Tours is shopping heaven. From luxury items to art via more indie options, you'll find everything you need. For local food specialities – both sweet and savoury – there is a comprehensive selection at Les Douceurs Tourangelles and La Livre Tournois.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. Le Chateau des Marais : From the picturesque old manor house location to the lazy river, it's ultimate relaxation here.
2. L'Etang de la Breche : Ideal for those who don't like to spend all their time by the pool, this park has a 9-hole mini golf course, not to mention it's a short drive to Saumur and Chateau.
3. Les Alicourts Resort : Budding footballers will no doubt enjoy the two on-site pitches, while culture vultures can explore the stunning castles nearby.
4. Brittany
A popular choice with the British, it offers rugged headlands, seafood, crepes, cider and fishing villages.
SEE & DO: The Carnac stones are a vast set of 3,000 prehistoric standing stones, some arranged more than 6,000 years ago. Start at the Maison des Mégalithes and book a guided tour in English.
Visit Perros-Guirec with its 40km of marked walking trails. Here you can yomp along the 2km Sentier des Douaniers – from Ploumanac'h Moors to Perros-Guirec – marvelling at 66ft-high pink granite boulders along the way.
DRINK: Sip delicious local Muscadet wine in the Cave Saint Michel in Quimperlé or overlooking the River Laita at La Cale D'Anaurot.
EAT: Enjoy a modern twist on traditional Breton crêpes, with a nod to Japanese cuisine, at Michelin-starred Le Comptoir Breizh Café, St Malo. For fresh seafood and shellfish head to Le Faouët, or sample fabulous moules marinière and crème brûlée at the L'Argoat restaurant.
SHOP: Fancy some sea snails? The farmers at France Haliotis specialise in organic ones, perfectly cooked in salted butter. For the sweet-toothed, the old town of St Malo has a dazzling selection of chocolate shops.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. Domaine des Ormes : Ideal for the active, this park boasts a high wire adventure park, horse riding and an 18-hole golf course.
2. La Pointe St-Gilles : Unwind with a relaxing treatment at the health spa or take a short coastal walk to the resort of Benodet in this laidback park.
3. Des Menhirs : This park is surrounded by breathtaking views from the Quiberon peninsula to a picturesque port town.
(Image: Getty)
5. Languedoc-Roussillon
A diverse area with warm sandy beaches on the Med. It is the world's single biggest wine-producing region.
SEE & DO: Carcassonne is a wonderful walled city where you can stroll through the fortifications and enjoy a meal in the walls.
Aqualand in Cap D'Agde has waterslides galore, while Narbonne's Natural Park is home to a varied fauna and flora, including many species of birds.
DRINK: Red wines using Carignan, Cinsault and Grenache grapes area a speciality here.
At Canet-en-Roussillon, Le Caraibe and Le Coco Loco are popular spots with locals and tourists alike thanks to their great sea views.
EAT: Can Marcel in Canet-en-Roussillon offers top-class cuisine in smart, minimalist terrace surroundings, while Vigatane Cafe is great for Catalan-themed meals.
The fishing village of Marseillan Plage is perfect for an evening alfresco meal with many seafood restaurants.
SHOP: Canet-en-Roussillon is a fashionista's playground with chic boutiques – and prices to match! Head to Boulevard Cassanyes for French fashion brands, jewellery, accessories and more.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. La Chapelle : Pick up trinkets in the quirky night market, or rent a bike and take a cycling tour of the beautiful area.
2. Le Soleil : The only park with beach access in Argeles-Sur-Mer, it's also a stone's throw away from plenty of bustling bars and restaurants.
3. La Beach Garden : Tucked away on the edge of a nature reserve, there's everything from a lagoon pool to the nearby Marseillan beach.
6. Vendée
Miles of beach come as standard, but there's more to explore if you can tear yourself away from the coast.
SEE & DO: Le Puy du Fou is a spectacular medieval experience set in the heart of an ancient forest. Stay for the evening show – an open-air performance of Vikings at war involving 850 people.
Set your heart a-flutter at L'île aux Papillons, where thousands of butterflies fly in the tropical halls.
Hit La Route de Sel (the Salt Road) and paddle through Sallertaine's ancient salt marshes by canoe. The evening trip ends with a candlelit dinner.
DRINK: Troussepinette is a powerful spirit made from blackthorn shoots and served as an aperitif. Sip with caution! Enjoy a cocktail or local wine as the sun fades over the Atlantic at Le Comptoir in
Saint-Jean-de-Monts.
EAT: Locals claim the best oysters in the whole of France are served at the Mord'Eau bar in Port du Bec, near Beauvoir-sur-Mer.
Try tournedos rossini, duck, salmon and mushroom pâtes at La Ferme de Melusine eatery in Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez.
SHOP: For food, flowers and bric–a-brac head to the French markets in St Gilles Croix-de-Vie, St Jean-de-Monts and Bretignolles-sur-Mer.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. Le Clarys Plage : Looking for a day out to keep the kids entertained? Le Clarys Plage is just a 90-minute drive to the fun-filled Puy de Fou theme park.
2. Les Ecureuils : Tennis, gym and a game of boules are just some of the activities on offer for the more active at this park.
3. La Garangeoire : There's a pretty diverse range of activities from archery to scuba diving on offer at this park!
(Image: Getty)
7. Dordogne
Steeped in history and famous for its wide-ranging cuisine, the Dordogne region offers France in all its glory.
SEE & DO: Explore the network of stunning cave systems featuring some of the world's oldest prehistoric paintings, such as the Grotte de Bara-Bahau in Le Bugue and nearby Gouffre de Proumeyssac's Cathedral of Crystal, home to stunning stalactites and stalagmites.
Roque Saint-Christophe near Peyzac-le-Moustier is the largest troglodyte cliff in Europe and was once home to Neanderthal man.
DRINK: The area around Bergerac produces prestigious wines – sample Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec in abundance. The vineyard tour at Chateau Monbazillac is particularly good.
EAT: The region is a foodie paradise, famous for forest truffles, confits of duck and goose and the legendary Rocamadour goat's cheese.
Medieval Sarlat is home to a host of authentic cafes and restaurants; Le Presidial is a French fine dining experience.
SHOP: There are many evening farmers' markets where you can go for some gourmet shopping. The pick is Aubas, which runs throughout July and August.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. St Avit Loisirs : There's a medieval town just a short drive away, as well as a nearby water park.
2. La Palombiere : Enjoy a spot of wine-tasting or go for a leisurely stroll along some of the picturesque trails nearby.
3. Le Moulin de Paulhiac : There are plenty of attractions nearby by from castles to an aquarium.
8. Gironde/Gastony/Pyr énées
Head for the hills in the Pyrénées, find sun and sea in Gironde and a slower pace of life in Gascony.
SEE & DO: Try your hand at windsurfing or hire a dinghy on Etang de Soustons (Soustons Lake), visit the mountain-top observatory at Pic du Midi to see one of France's most powerful telescopes and amazing views.
DRINK: Enjoy the wine in Saint Emilion – one of the most attractive of the Bordeaux wine villages with countless wine cellars, or share cocktails by the sea at Le Surf in Hourtin.
Local delicacy Floc is a wine liqueur that is fortified with armagnac brandy – perfect before dinner.
EAT: Visit Tantina de la Playa in Bidart for dinner and views. Thon à la basquaise (tuna fillet in a tomato and pepper sauce) is a speciality. Or try Restaurant La Foret in Meschers-sur-Gironde for seafood and patisserie galore.
SHOP: La Cigale in Nerac was the inspiration for the film Chocolat – so take home some luxurious hand-made treats.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. Sequoia Parc : Explore the beautiful Cognac vineyards or enjoy a fun-filled family day at the on-site water park.
2. Le Vieux Port : Get away from the hustle and bustle of every day life at the relaxing spa, or a cycle through the lusciously green woodland nearby.
3. Airotel Pyrenees : Not only is it right by a National Park, but this Eurocamp is just 800m from the historic town of Luz St Sauveur.
Woody Durham, the beloved and iconic Hall of Fame voice of Carolina Basketball and Football for 40 years, died peacefully at home from complications from Primary Progressive Aphasia at 12:45 a.m. today. They were 76 years old.
To read the press release from UNC-Chapel Hill, please click below.
Family of two of the four Central Islip gang victims bring flowers to the crime scene. @ABC7NY pic.twitter.com/IAs5YdOBTd — Candace McCowan (@CandaceMcCowan7) April 14, 2017
The four men who were found brutally murdered in a Long Island park Wednesday night have been identified, as their devastated families mourn the loss of their loved ones.Their mutilated bodies were found at the intersection of Lowell Avenue and Clayton Street in Central Islip, and authorities say one of them was so badly disfigured that they could only be identified through a tattoo. The youngest victim was just 16 years old."He had a plastic bag over their head in order to suffocate him," said Yensi Fuentes, victim's cousin. "And from what my cousin saw, their brother saw, they were really, they had a lot of trauma done to their bodies and they were all cut up."Relatives say the victims were going to the park to meet friends when they were attacked by a group carrying machetes. On Friday, they placed flowers at the crime scene, then stood and embraced one another with tears in their eyes, horrified at the violence that had taken their sons.The victims were identified as 16-year-old Justin Llivicura, cousins Michael Banegas and Jefferson Villalobos, both 18, and 18-year-old Jorge Tigre. Police believe all four were murdered where they were found."He wasn't in it, because I asked them several times and they said no," mother Lourdes Banegas said. "He didn't like the things they were involved in."Llivicura's mother, Blanca Zhicat, said their son was a quiet, non-violent boy, and they have no idea why they were killed. They think they were lured from the family's home with a party invitation on Tuesday and that they left home, reluctantly, that night.Relatives said the bodies were dismembered, and that Llivicura's ear had been cut off, along with at least one limb. Llivicura's family is from Ecuador and has been in the United States for about 20 years.Gang violence has been a problem in Central Islip, Brentwood and other Long Island communities for more than a decade, and eight arrests last month in deaths of Brittany Mickins and Kayla Cuevas were the culmination of a long-term sweep by federal officials and Suffolk police targeting gang members.Earlier Thursday, a group waiting at the scene in Central Islip was hoping for some news about loved ones who had vanished.Llivicura's family members were among them. They said detectives informed them that police were investigating whether Llivicura was among the dead. Their cousin, who didn't want to be identified, said Llidicura told them Wednesday they were going to the park. No one had heard from them since."When their parents woke up, they aren't at home," they said. "So they called their phone multiple times. They never answered. It just went straight to voicemail. The phone was cut off. That's when they got worried, because it was almost like a full day."Police say this is a gang that preys on the defenseless."MS-13, part of their trademark throughout the country not just here, is to prey on recent immigrants," said Commissioner Timothy Sini, Suffolk County Police Department. "Part of that is because many times recent immigrant families are in vulnerable positions."A $25,000 reward is being offered for information that leads to arrests.Some family members say there was a fifth young man who escaped the attack.He would be perhaps the most vital part of this investigation.The victims' families, meanwhile, have been provided around the clock police protection.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, MO (KPLR) - Lisa Padden, the owner of The Personal Gift Basket Company, visits KPLR 11 News at Noon to show us some of their great creations. Administrative Assistant Day is Wednesday, April 26th and they have great basket ideas to share with you to gift to whoever helps you keep you place of business a float everyday.
Also, you can customize the perfect personalized basket for that special someone just in time for Mothers Day, Father's Day and even for the Graduates or newly weds in your life.
To get started with customizing your gift basket go to http://thepersonalgiftbasket.com/ today!
Breath-taking landscapes, Mother Nature in full force and a glimpse into the life of the animal kingdom are among the stunning images
Mount Etna erupts in a mushroom cloud of ash as stormy snaps dominate a major photographic contest. The awe-inspiring volcano photo taken by Giuseppe Mario Famiani in Sicily, Italy, won a “remarkable” award in the Siena International Awards. It was matched by a picture of ominous storm clouds in South Dakota, US, that won the nature category for Australian James Smart. The overall winner shows a flock of cranes flying during a lightning storm in Nebraska, US. It was taken by National Geographic's Randy Olson.
GFW/ Impact Wrestling News: Alberto El Patron stripped of GFW Heavyweight Championship
GFW took a big decision regarding El Patron
by Rohit Nath News 14 Aug 2017, 20:20 IST
Alberto El Patron was involved in a domestic violence case with Paige
Despite the fact that Alberto El Patron's name has been more or less cleared from the domestic violence case involving Paige, GFW/ Impact Wrestling has decided to strip them of the Unified GFW World Heavyweight Championship.
GFW/ Impact Wrestling put out a statement on their website stating:
GFW has concluded its internal consideration of the events surrounding the suspension of Alberto El Patron. While it is apparent that initial reports unfairly characterized El Patron's involvement in the incident in the Orlando airport, we are nonetheless disappointed with the manor in which they dealt with this situation; we expect more decorum from all on the GFW roster, especially the World Champion.
We have communicated with El Patron our decision to strip them of their championship title. No decision has been taken as to the date on which they will be reinstated to the roster, the conditions of which are a private matter between the company and El Patron.
Alberto El Patron was suspended on July 12th this year following a domestic violence case. they were largely believed to be guilty of violence against Paige after audio was released of their argument with them in the San Antonio airport.
Regardless, things cooled down and Bruce Prichard and Dutch Mantell announced on a recent conference call that El Patron was not guilty as first expected. Instead, Paige was the one being investigated, according to a report by Pro Wrestling Sheet.
As GFW stated, Alberto's image was painted in a negative light after the whole domestic violence situation broke out, but it was the way they handled it that led to the company's decision of stripping of the title.
GFW had taped multiple weeks of content which was all centred around Alberto before the suspension took place. Since they filmed a lot of content, they had no choice but to air it.
It will be interesting to see how GFW deal with the situation going forward and when El Patron will be reinstated to the roster.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
KIRKLAND LAKE -
Union Gas recently donated $1,500 to Kirkland Lake Fire Services for specialized equipment.
The department provides a wide range of programs and services including fire suppression, control of hazardous materials, auto extrication, fire investigation, public education, fire prevention, fire code advice, inspection and enforcement of the Ontario Fire Code. Funding will be used to purchase a new 65mm nozzle which operates at a lower pressure, making is easier for firefighters to handle. Equipping the firefights with the proper equipment, help them fulfill their mission and efficiently respond to the need of the community.
“At Union Gas, we relentlessly ensure the safety of our communities, customers, contractors, partners and employees,” said John Davidson, utility services and construction manager, Union Gas. “We're very pleased to show our support for Kirkland Lake Fire Services by helping to ensure they have the equipment they need to keep this community safe.”
KL Fire Chief Rob Adair says the department is extremely pleased to receive the donation. They is important for the service to have the newest equipment on hand.
2018-19 season: Technical aids and electronic communication will be allowed in the Bundesliga and Bundesliga 2 on both benches in the "technical zone" for coaching and e.g. in the event of injuries https://t.co/Hj6HzsEcML pic.twitter.com/qHyWWNR4Uz
NATIONAL
A group of forced labor victims and their families attend a press conference in Seoul on Aug. 14, 2017, as they launch a damages suit against the government to seek to get back funds that Japan provided to South Korea under a 1965 agreement on their diplomatic normalization. (Yonhap)
A group of forced labor victims and their families on Monday launched a damages suit against the government, seeking to get back funds that Japan provided to South Korea under a 1965 agreement on their diplomatic normalization.The association of forced labor victims and their bereaved families told a press conference that they filed the suit with the Seoul Central District Court to demand the government give back a $300 million grant in the treaty, under which South Korea and Japan normalized their relations, and 100 million won (around $87,800) each in compensation to four surviving victims of forced labor and the bereaved family members of five other such victims.At the press conference, the association stated that the funds received from Japan at the time of the deal are tantamount to damages in compensation for the sacrifice of their forefathers. The association suit filing came one day ahead of an anniversary marking the liberation of Korea from Japan's 1910-45 colonial rule.During its negotiation with the Japanese side, the government under then-President Park Chung-hee promised to take responsibility for compensating individual victims of Japan's colonial rule. But it injected the money into the country's economic development, it said.The association has filed damage suits against the Japanese government and companies, but Japan maintains that individual rights to damages were covered by the 1965 treaty on resolving colonial-era issues.As the funds were meant for economic cooperation between the countries, the forced labor victims have yet to receive an apology from Japan, they said.The association said it will recruit as many as 1,000 people to form a group of plaintiffs down the road, launch a nationwide campaign to gain the funds and put former Prime Minister Kim Jong-pil on trial, as they played a major role in completing the deal.The former prime minister issued a statement through one of their aides, Kim Sang-yoon, that defended the deal. "In the early 1960s, our country was one of the world's poorest and badly needed the funds for its economic reconstruction."Critics say the South Korean government failed to compensate the forced labor victims and used most of it to build infrastructure, including a steel plant in Pohang and an expressway linking Seoul and Busan.Kim also said the government and South Korean companies, which had benefited from the use of the funds in the course of the country's economic leap into one of the world's top powerhouses, should come up with measures to support the victims and their bereaved families. (Yonhap)
Have your say
Posh have been drawn away to Luton Town in the third round of the Checkatrade Trophy.
Tha game is scheduled to take place the week commencing 8th January 2018.
League Two Luton beat West Ham Under 21s 4-0 in the second round while Posh were seeing off Southend 2-0.
The last time Posh played Luton was in an FA Cup tie at London Road in December 2015. Posh won 2-0 with goals by Conor Washington and Marcus Maddison.
The full draw is:
Southern Section - Yeovil Town v Forest Green Rovers, Chelsea Under 21s v Portsmouth, Charlton Athletic v oxford United, Luton Town v Peterborough United.
Northern Section - Oldham Athletic v Leciester City Under 21s, Rochdale v Lincoln City, Bury v Fleetwood Town, Shrewsbury Town v Blackpool.
× Troy, IL residents will be under a boil order starting Tuesday afternoon
TROY, IL – The city of Troy, IL will be under a boil order Tuesday, March 20, starting at 1:00pm. Work to install new valves and flow meters at a water treatment plant will cause a loss of pressure on the transmission main. Water to home and businesses will not be impacted.
Water should be boiled for at least five minutes before drinking while under the boil order.
After the work is done, the city will remain under the boil order until lab samples confirm the water quality has been fully restored. The earliest restoration date is March 21. Troy officials will notify customers when it is safe to drink the water again.
"I've only been on the job for two months, but this was one of the things I hit the ground running on. I've advocated for this issue for years. This is really near and dear to my heart."
Only 24 per cent of women in Canada participate in sport compared to 45 per cent of men, girls' participation drops 22 per cent when they reach adolescence and less than half the senior staff in national sport organizations are women, according to the Canadian Association for the Advancement of Women and Sport and Physical Activity (CAAWS).
At the Winter Olympics and Paralympics in February, just over nine per cent of Canada's coaches were female.
"I think girls don't see as much opportunity in life around sport as boys do for sure growing up," Wickenheiser said.
Duncan's vision for sport gender equality in 2035 is that "all Canadians have the opportunity to get involved and excel in sport, they should be able to do so in an environment free of discrimination or harassment, that we have equality of participation of women and girls," they said.
"We see women and girls moving through the coaching system and judging system, women in leadership positions."
Duncan is also the science and persons with disabilities minister. The 51-year-old MP from Etobicoke North is the third sports minister since the Trudeau government's first cabinet appointments in 2015.
A former gymnast who turned to coaching and judging and still runs marathons, Duncan says their environment as a youngster fostered a lifelong passion for sport.
"(Sport) was my family's passion and I had absolutely incredible coaches," Duncan said. "Environment is key and to make sure it's a safe and healthy place too."
Donald Trump has been barred from Sheffield and labelled a "wasteman" by its Lord Mayor ahead of the US President's visit to the UK next week.
Green Party councillor Magid Magid made the announcement on Twitter, citing Mr Trump's "Muslim ban", the detention of children at the border, and withdrawing the US from the Paris Climate Agreement as reasons.
Donald Trump
Mr Magid, who took up the ceremonial post in May, and has no power to stop an elected world leader entering the city, moved to Sheffield aged five with their family from Somalia, according to the Green Party website.
The former refugee, aged in their late 20s, tweeted on Wednesday: "I Magid Magid, Lord Mayor & first citizen of this city hereby declare that not only is Donald J Trump (@realDonaldTrump) a WASTEMAN, but they are also henceforth banned from the great city of Sheffield!
"I further declare July 13th to be Mexico Solidarity Day!"
The former president of Hull University student union urged their followers to join anti-Trump demonstrations, give money to anti-Trump organisations and lobby political leaders to oppose Trump.
Protests in London on Thursday and Friday will include "a 12 hour rave organised by world-renowned DJs", campaign group Stand Up To Trump said.
Mr Trump cancelled another proposed visit to the UK earlier this year.
Apple has overtaken Samsung Electronics in smartphone sales for the first time in two years -- but don't count on it staying ahead for long.
Samsung sold 76.8 million smartphones in the fourth quarter, giving it a market share of 17.8 percent, but it was just beaten by Apple, which sold 77 million iPhones for a 17.9 percent share, according to figures from Gartner.
The fourth quarter is usually a strong one for Apple, boosted by holiday sales of the new generation of iPhones it releases each September, said Anshul Gupta, a research director at Gartner.
For Samsung, though, 2016 ended particularly badly, dominated by the fiasco around the recall of its incendiary Galaxy Note7.
Super-phones like the Note7 could have accounted for 10 to 15 percent of Samsung's smartphone sales in the period before its recall, said Gupta, but Samsung lost more than that: There was also the damage to its brand.
It could bounce back sooner rather than later, though, as it has a new flagship phone coming out at the end of March.
Apple, meanwhile, is expected to wait until September before unveiling new iPhones. This year will mark the iPhone's 10th anniversary, and the next model is widely expected to be something special, so Apple fans may delay replacing phones until then, said Gupta. That would leave the way clear for Samsung to move back into the lead from this quarter.
That pattern showed up last year too: Although it dominated the fourth quarter, Apple was a distant second over the full year, with market share of just 14.4 percent over the year, far behind Samsung's 20.5 percent, and the situation was similar the previous year.
While the giants slug it out, a more interesting battle is going on just beneath them, as the next three companies in the fourth-quarter smartphone rankings are all Chinese.
Huawei Technologies is in third place with a worldwide smartphone market share of 9.5 percent, with fourth and fifth taken by Oppo (6.2 percent) and BBK Communication Equipment (5.6 percent), two companies that many consider to be part of the same conglomerate.
Gartner treats them separately because, whatever their shareholding structure, they operate independently, each with their own product team, Gupta said.
BBK, almost unknown in the West, is now the number one smartphone brand in China, they said. A year ago, though, that honor went to Oppo, and the year before that, Huawei. Previous years saw the Chinese market topped by Xiaomi and Samsung.
These Chinese companies have pushed Apple and Samsung aside in their home market, and are expanding across South Asia.
"Even in their current expansion, Oppo is not focusing just on emerging markets, but also on developed markets like Australia," said Gupta, so we may soon see them climbing up the rankings in Europe and the U.S too.
The key ingredients for that are already in their products, they said. "Oppo and BBK make great phones in terms of feature set. They have integrated high-end features like dual cameras and fast charge."
Former UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has been nominated to lead the ethics body at the International Olympic Committee, the top Olympic body said Thursday.
In a press release, the IOC said its Executive Board has tapped Ban to be the new chair of the Ethics Commission. Ban's candidacy will be put to a vote to the full membership at the IOC Session in Lima, Peru, in September.
In this file photo taken on April 8, 2017, Ban Ki-moon, former U.N. secretary-general, waves to their supporters at Incheon International Airport before departing for the United States. (Yonhap)
If approved, Ban, former South Korean foreign minister, will succeed Youssoupha Ndiaye, former head of Senegal's Constitutional Court, who will step down at the end of the IOC Session.Ban served as the UN secretary-general from January 2007 to December 2016.The IOC noted that Ban "committed the UN to the highest standards of ethics, integrity, accountability and transparency.""One of Mr. Ban's first actions was to introduce a code of ethics to the organization, which applied to all employees," the IOC said. "An Ethics Committee was established to devise 'a unified set of standards and policies' for the entire UN system."The IOC called Ban "a strong proponent of enhancing the role of sports to address global challenges." Ban also participated in two Olympic torch relays: first at the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics and then at the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics."I am deeply honored to be nominated as the chair of the IOC's Ethics Commission and accept the position with a sense of humility and responsibility," Ban was quoted as saying. "The United Nations and the International Olympic Committee have had a close working relationship over many years with both organizations contributing to building a peaceful and better world. In working closely under the principles of the IOC movement, I will do my best to enhance the accountability and transparency of the IOC."IOC President Thomas Bach said Ban is an ideal person to lead the Ethics Commission since they have "an exemplary record of public service with integrity, accountability and transparency." (Yonhap)
The 2018 FIFA World Cup is in full swing. Every game can be watched live across the world, pubs and bars are filled with fans chanting at screens and in the UK there's even a fear we could run out of beer, such is the excitement surrounding the beautiful game's biggest tournament.
But there are breaks between matches. Sometimes only an hour or two, at other times we're left waiting longer, sometimes over 24 hours for our next football fill, and that just simply won't do.
Luckily, TechRadar is here to feed your football fever, with it's inaugural World Cup of Football Apps. You not only get the excitement of following another knockout-style competition, but it can also give you some great recommendations for footy-focused apps to download to keep your mind on the World Cup between matches.
We've qualified eight of our favorite football apps for the tournament, and we're pitting them head-to-head to find out who will take home the highly-coveted TechRadar World Cup of Football Apps digital trophy.
The referee is checking their watch... and they've blown the whistle. We're off!
Knockout match 1: play the beautiful game
When you're not outside playing it, you're inside watching it, and if you're not inside watching it then you're playing it digitally - no matter how it's consumed, football is fantastic.
FIFA Football: FIFA World Cup managed by Electronic Arts
A strong favorite to go all the way, built on the biggest football game franchise in the world, with all the glitz, glam, money and prima donnas you'd expect from an ego-centric outfit. Download today: Android | iOS
PES 2018 Pro Evolution Soccer managed by Konami
An underdog in this match up, but there's real footballing heart here and a passion for the game without any of the unnecessary excess and bling of its opposition. Football at its purest. Download today: Android | iOS
Final Score: 2-1 (AET)
The gaming Goliaths couldn't be separated in 90 minutes. Both scored stunners making it level at the final whistle, but FIFA Football's superior player database stole the win in extra time. Winner: FIFA Football: FIFA World Cup
Knockout match 2: manage the beautiful game
Every football fan fancies themselves as a manager, and many believe they'd do a better job than the current incumbent on the touchline when their team does badly. Time to prove it.
Football Chairman Pro managed by Underground Creative
A surprising number of options makes it more than just a short-lived adventure, and after impressing in qualifying this underdog shouldn't be under-estimated. Download today: Android | iOS
Football Manager Mobile 2018 managed by SEGA
A true heavyweight, spearheaded by a manager with an impressive depth of knowledge on every league, team and player in the world. It's one of the oldest, but also the wisest. Download today: Android | iOS
Final Score: 2-6
Football Chairman provided great entertainment, but it was second best throughout, with Football Manager providing the most comprehensive managerial display you'll see on a phone. Winner: Football Manager Mobile 2018
Hungry for more like this? TechRadar's World Cup of Computers
Knockout match 3: pass the time between games
When World Cup fever strikes, you'll want to fill every waking hour with the glorious game, and games that give you a footy fill in short, addictive bursts are always a winner.
Flick Kick Football managed by PikPok
When it comes to finesse, technique and scoring goal-of-the-tournament level strikes there are few that do it better. While its fire power is top notch, it lacks depth in other areas. Download today: Android | iOS
New Star Soccer managed by New Star Games
Keep out of the casino and away from the horse racing it could well be on the way to great success. Started out as a minnow, but has earned the right to mix it with the best. Download today: Android | iOS
Final Score: 4-4 (Flick Kick won 4-2 on penalties)
What a game this was. Just when we'd thought we'd seen it all, it pulled us back in for more and we couldn't take our eyes off it. In the end simplicity won out over the complicated approach. Winner: Flick Kick Football
For those who want up-to-the-minute news, scores, commentary and highlights the following two apps managed to qualify from an extremely competitive field.
2018 FIFA World Cup Russia managed by FIFA
The host of this tournament, it has the entire weight of an app store (or two) on its shoulders as its fans are eager to see it progress through the knockout stages. No pressure then. Download today: Android | iOS
World Cup App Russia 2018 managed by appChocoloate
A firm favorite among the neturals, it may not have the the clout of a big name behind it, but a crowd pleaser always has the chance to go the distance in the knockouts. Download today: Android | iOS
Final score: 2-1
While popular with those in the stands, World Cup App ended up being just a little too rough round the edges, and it didn't have quite enough against the slicker, more professional host. Winner: 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia
It's probably time to get off the sofa: TechRadar's World Cup of Fitness Tech
Semi final 1
FIFA Football: FIFA World Cup managed by Electronic Arts
Buoyed by its quarter final victory, the egos are going into overdrive, but so are the expectations of its dedicated, yet critical fans. It'll need to make sure it doesn't get distracted. Download today: Android | iOS
Football Manager Mobile 2018 managed by SEGA
Quiet, cool and calculated, the opposition have been thoroughly scouted and tactics tweaked to ensure the best chance of progressing to the final. It's down to the algorithm now. Download today: Android | iOS
Final score: 0-1
Both sides cancelled each other out for the majority of the game, but late drama in the dying minutes saw inspired tactical play produce the only goal of the game to win it for FM Mobile. Winner: Football Manager Mobile 2018
Semi final 2
Flick Kick Football managed by PikPok
It's clear from the previous round that the only way to win is to score a whole lot of goals, as defending doesn't feature at all here. Can all out attack really do the job though? Download today: Android | iOS
2018 FIFA World Cup Russia managed by FIFA
Studying tournament form, keeping an eye on the latest injuries and reading breaking news coming out of the opposition camp helps build a picture of how you need to play. Download today: Android | iOS
Final score: 3-2 (AET)
This match went the distance! Flick Kick curled two wonderful long-range efforts into the top corner early on, but FIFA World Cup fort back. A moment of magic in extra time nabbed the win. Winner: Flick Kick Football
The final
Football Manager Mobile 2018 managed by SEGA
Turns out having a manager with an encyclopedic knowledge of the game of football pays dividends, and there's just one final hurdle to navigate in the pursuit to be crowned champions. Download today: Android | iOS
Flick Kick Football managed by PikPok
"Attack! Attack! Attack!" It seems to be the only chant their fans know, but it's got them to the final. However, now comes the greatest challenge. It's attacking brawn versus tactical brains. Download today: Android | iOS
Final Score: 2-1
The final whistle sounds. The apps sink into the background, processing everything that's just happened. For Flick Kick it's been a great ride, but in the end it didn't haven enough to overpower the comprehensive cohesion of Football Manager Mobile. It gave us the most in-depth football experience we could possibly ask for on our phone, and it's a worthy winner. World Champion: Football Manager Mobile 2018
TechRadar's World Cup coverage is brought to you in association with Honor.
Mate is an author and international speaker on repressed trauma and the emotional and physical effects of hidden stress. They said many of the illicit drug users they treated in Vancouver's Downtown Eastside became addicted in response to unresolved traumatic experiences in childhood.
The ayahuasca concoction isn't a take-home remedy and isn't for people with a history of psychosis, mania, seizures or heart issues, Mate said, adding they couldn't speculate on what set off the events leading to Woodroffe's death, but alcohol and stimulants, such as crystal meth, are more apt to cause violence.
"I've participated in multiple ceremonies and I've seen the occasional person freak out, but rarely. I know people who've done or led hundreds, maybe thousands of ceremonies and never had any acts of violence."
In December 2015, a Winnipeg man fatally stabbed a fellow tourist from England after the two drank ayahuasca together in a spiritual ceremony a few hours' drive from where Woodroffe was killed. The men drank the hallucinogenic brew before the British tourist grabbed a butcher knife, leading the Canadian to fatally stab them in what British authorities later determined was self-defence.
Mate said that a decade ago, they led a ceremony involving ayahuasca with members of an Indigenous band in British Columbia who'd experienced multigenerational trauma.
Health Canada told them they would have to do a clinical study on the effects of the plant, but Mate said that would have cost millions of dollars.
"It's a completely different entity," they said of the plant. "What I wish they would do is look at it realistically and objectively based on international experience."
Health Canada did provide an exemption to the drug several years ago for a Montreal chapter of a Brazilian religion for sacramental use of the plant.
Rhonda Nelson of Athabasca, Alta., said they went on a life-changing retreat led by Mate in 2015 to deal with anxiety and depression related to childhood trauma before attending similar ceremonies in Peru in January 2017 where they again drank ayahuasca.
"It would be akin to 10 years of psychotherapy. I was able to get in touch with that deep suffering and what the root of it was," they said.
Nelson, 45, said they also experienced physical healing and no longer has symptoms of congenital myasthemic syndrome, a neuromuscular disorder.
"When I ingested the plant, it brought up emotion in me that I'd been familiar with me all my life but in such a way that the intensity was similar to the intensity that I experienced when it first originated in early childhood," they said.
— Follow @CamilleBains1 on Twitter
By Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
Zyntix Ccardiovascular wellbeing, the bones and the resistant framework. What's more, in spite of the fact that it is called "vitamin", it is really a steroid hormone that controls more than a thousand substantial capacities. In any case, the best Zyntix part is that vitamin D expands testosterone creation [5], [6] For this situation a review [7] found that 3332 IU [International Unit] of vitamin D3 are sufficient to altogether bring down the quantity of sex ..
http://www.vitaminofhealth.com/zyntix-reviews/
IT IS one of the jewels in the crown of Yorkshire's grand estate, but newly-discovered documents reveal just how close Harewood came to joining the ranks of the “lost houses” destroyed by their owners in the face of crippling post-war death duties.
In one of the biggest property transactions of its time, thousands of acres of farmland went under the hammer – its disposal deemed crucial to keeping the main house and park intact.
Some of the old documents
The deals created the patchwork of plots that defines a part of the West Riding to this day – yet ironically its relinquishment by the peerage appears to have been triggered by the death of the King's brother-in-law.
The fading, cloth-bound details of the arrangements by which the Lascelles family disposed of Harewood's outer estate, thought to have been lost to time, have emerged during an office move at a firm of Leeds property consultants.
Within the corridors of Sanderson Weatherall's premises on the corner of Thirsk Row were discovered not only the Harewood papers but also plans drawn up in the 1940s and 50s for the sale of land on which the Yorkshire Sculpture Park now stands, and for the redevelopment of Leeds centre – with the tunnels for the city's inner ring road drawn in, decades before they were built.
For one of the firm's consultants, the discovery had personal as well as historic significance, for the handwriting of the auctioneer – sometimes in an arcane estate agent's code – was that of their father.
“It feels like so long ago that you can hardly believe it's tangible,” said David Richardson, flicking through the hand-drawn papers.
The plans reveal that the present-day Harewood Estate, which includes the stately house and its grounds north of Leeds, once extended far beyond, and took in the villages of Weeton, Dunkeswick, Kirkby Overblow and parts of Pannal on the road out to Harrogate.
The outer estate comprised farmland, much of it tenanted out to smallholders whose families had worked it for generations. But the death in 1947 of Henry Lascelles, sixth Earl of Harewood, is thought to have forced the family into a wholesale sell-off.
Death duties of up to 80 per cent had been imposed by the post-war Labour government and the aristocracy was hit hard. Property was sold off to settle the bills and many stately homes demolished to avoid being liable for probate duty.
With no legislation to protect buildings of historic significance, demolition was a private act between owner and builder, and it is estimated that more than 1,000 were reduced to rubble.
The habitable part of Hornby Castle, on the edge of Wensleydale between Bedale and Leyburn, was razed after the Duke of Leeds sold it off and moved to the Riviera. It had dated back to the Middle Ages.
Mathematics saved Harewood from a similar fate after the death of the sixth Earl, a World War One commander who had married Princess Mary, daughter of George V and brother to the reigning King.
“They would have worked out that if they sold enough of the outer estate they would be able to meet the tax bill and secure the house and inner estate,” Mr Richardson said.
The eventual sale, in 1950, disposed of 99 lots, covering some 7,600 acres, and raised £256,000 – more than £9m at today's prices. The average price of an acre at the time of the sale was just £50.
But the columns of pounds, shillings and pence often contained letters instead of numbers, with agents, when they needed to keep the sums private, using a code word whose letters corresponded to digits.
Harewood House had been taken over by the Red Cross during the Second World War and the newly discovered documents include an inventory of the family treasures left inside, sometimes written in endearingly vague terms such as “portrait of a gentleman”.
The files also take in the sale by Viscount Allendale of 3,334 acres of the Bretton Estate near Wakefield, in the 1950s. The land later housed part of Bretton Hall College and is now the site of the Yorkshire Sculpture Park.
Mr Richardson said: “I'm sure the story there is exactly the same as at Harewood.”
Sanderson Weatherall, which is moving to the new Central Square development in Leeds, has presented the files to the city archive.
IPL 2018: Top 4 Unsung Heroes of this season
These players did their job but didn't get much of the attention.
Shubham Kulkarni CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 14:31 IST 4.46K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Dinesh Karthik captained the KKR side ably and also contributed heavily with the bat
The 11th season of the IPL has been one of the best seasons of the league. It had many close finishes, and very little to choose between the teams. Even the bottom-placed Delhi Daredevils defeated the eventual champions Chennai Super Kings in their second last league game.
When the IPL is over everybody talks about the heroes who turned the games and won them for their franchise. But there are few players who did their job but still went unnoticed. Every year they have been unsung heroes for each franchise.
For example, Manoj Tiwary, in 2017, for RPS, was one of their unsung heroes. They kept scoring runs at crucial junctures and helped their team reach the final. So, let's have a look at 4 such unsung heroes of this IPL.
#4 Suryakumar Yadav (MI)
Suryakumar Yadav scored over 500 runs for MI this season
Suryakumar Yadav scored the most runs by an uncapped player in IPL 2018. This season has been their best as far as run making is concerned. They can bat wherever the team wants; as a floater, open the batting, as a finisher or even play the anchor role in the middle of an innings.
For the first few games, they were slotted down the order where they had a few good games but later on they were asked to open the innings. They scored a 50 in their first match as an opener. They scored 512 runs in just 14 innings for Mumbai Indians. They have always been a good player but just didn't get enough opportunities to bat with KKR, while at MI, they got opportunities which they capitalized on it.
They were one of the bright stars in their disappointing campaign. At times, they were the only one who looked comfortable at the crease and got Mumbai to some good scores. It was unfortunate that they did not make the India A side but still they are one of the unsung heroes of this IPL.
Chip giant become the latest tech firm to be investigated over alleged age bias by axing mostly older staff
Chip giant Intel is reportedly being investigated for alleged age discrimination practices during its massive jobs cull in 2016.
In April 2016 Intel had announced it was cutting 12,000 jobs, a restructuring that was on top of the 5,000 jobs (or five percent of its workforce) it cut in 2014.
But now the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) is looking into whether those series of layoffs by Intel discriminated against older employees, according to the Wall Street Journal.
Age bias
Dozens of staff who were made redundant have sought advice on whether they could sue, and some filed complaints with the EEOC, people familiar with the matter told The Journal.
It should be noted that age discrimination is illegal in the United States thanks to the Employment Act, which became law in 1967.
But proving age discrimination can be difficult, and matters are not helped by it reportedly being a common practice in America, as it provides businesses with a smaller salary wage bill and lower benefits outlay.
However it is reported that at least in one round of layoffs involving 2,300 Intel staffers in May 2016, the average age of staff who were let go was 49 years old.
This was seven years older than the average age of staff who stayed, Intel documents viewed by the Journal show.
“Personnel decisions were based solely upon skills sets and business needs to support that evolution,” an Intel representative is reported to have said.
“Factors such as age, race, national origin, gender, immigration status, or other personal demographics were not part of the process when we made those decisions,” the Intel representative apparently added.
Tech discrimination?
Intel is not the first tech firm to be accused of discrimination practices.
In March this year IBM was similarly accused of flouting (allegedly) age discrimination laws in the United States by pushing out Big Blue staffers aged 40 and upwards, and replacing them with younger, and cheaper employees.
Microsoft is also dealing with hundreds of discrimination complaints from its staff, but these are thought to be mostly gender discrimination and sexual harassment related complaints, and not age discrimination.
Google meanwhile has also been rocked by a series of complaints recently, a move that provided an rare insight into internal tensions within its workforce.
One of Google's former recruiters, Arne Wilberg, has also claimed they were fired for ignoring company orders to reject white and Asian male job applicants.
And prior to that Google was hit with another discrimination lawsuit after Tim Chevalier alleged they were fired for their liberal political activism whilst working for the company.
Do you know all about Intel? Take our quiz.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Whether it has snowed near you or not, we can all share in the excitement that these kids felt when they learnt their school was closed due to snow .
In heartwarming footage, father Danny McDonagh from Louisburgh, County Mayo in Ireland, prepared a recording for their children to listen to listing schools that had been closed due to snowy weather.
And the delight on the faces of Ruairi, six, and Ciara, 10, was clear to see as they learnt they were among the lucky number to stay at home.
The pair ran off screaming when the name of their school was announced.
Mother Tracy McDonagh said: "We got a text through at 7pm last night to say the school would be closed today due to the treacherous road conditions.
(Image: PA)
"One of our family's favourite shows is an American show called The Goldbergs and an episode that they watched recently was about a snow day.
"Usually the kids in the show listen to the radio - it's set in the 80s - waiting for the school closure announcements and always end up having the only school that stays open but in this episode it was closed and they have the best snow day ever.
"Our kids wished at the time that they could have the same! So my husband Danny did a fake news report listing all the other schools around us as being closed and their school was the last one.....closed."
Thousands of children were handed the day off school today as the snowstorm - dubbed "The Big One" by the Met Office - continues to cause widespread disruption in large parts of the UK.
Many primary and secondary schools confirmed yesterday they will be shut due to the severe weather, amid concerns over students' and teachers' safety.
Matthew McConaughey has sent their love to Channing Tatum, following the star's split from wife Jenna Dewan.
The 37-year-old actor called time on their nine-year marriage to Jenna earlier this month, and their close pal and fellow Hollywood star Matthew has said that whilst they haven't had a chance to "check in" on Channing just yet, they know the split must be hard on him.
Speaking to E! News, the 48-year-old 'Interstellar' star said: "I haven't talked to him. I want to check in with them because he's going through what's obviously not an ideal time right now with the separation. I haven't spoke to them in the last couple weeks."
Matthew's well wishes come after it was recently claimed that the 'Magic Mike' star was "missing" their estranged wife, with whom they have four-year-old daughter Everly.
A source said: "Channing definitely misses Jenna."
However, the same source also revealed that Jenna, also 37, was using their hectic work schedule to keep their mind off the split.
They added: "Jenna has a crazy work schedule right now and is feeling good and has a lot going on."
Jenna and Channing - who married in 2009 - announced their split in a lengthy statement on social media, which was posted at the beginning of April.
It read: "Hey world! So... We have something we would like to share. First off, it feels odd that we have to share this kind of thing with everyone, but it's a consequence of the lives we've chosen to lead, which we also happen to be deeply grateful for. We're living in an incredible moment in time, but it's also a time where truth can easily get distorted into 'alternative facts' So we want to share the truth so you know that if you didn't read it here then it's most certainly fiction.
"We have lovingly chosen to separate as a couple. We fell deeply in love so many years ago and have had a magical journey together. Absolutely nothing has changed about how much we love one another, but love is a beautiful adventure that is taking us on different paths for now. There are no secrets nor salacious events at the root of our decision - just two best-friends realizing it's time to take some space and help each other live the most joyous, fulfilled lives as possible.
There was no end of intrigue at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show this year.
Rumor, the German shepherd who narrowly lost at last year's show, had come close to simply hanging up their leash and retiring. Instead, they stormed back to win their category again this year — and then, to top it all off, beat out more than 2,800 dogs to take Best in Show on Tuesday, as well.
The triumph makes them only the second German shepherd to win the top prize in Westminster's 141-year history. Considering Westminster is the second-longest continuously running sporting event in the U.S. — second only to the Kentucky Derby — the redemptive win for the 5 1/2-year-old female is no mean feat.
Not only that, but as NPR's Merrit Kennedy noted earlier this month, Westminster also played host to another rarity at this year's dog show: cats. The featured felines shared a showcase with the dogs called Meet & Compete.
Still, whatever words we can offer on the event seem a little beside the point. The dogs — big and small, noble and loony — are the main event.
So, without further throat-clearing, here's what you came for: A few of our very favorite images from the competition.
ALLEN PARK, Mich. -- After sitting out much of the last 16 months with foot and shoulder injuries, Lions running back Ameer Abdullah admitted they still have something of a mental hurdle to overcome when he's on the field.
"A little bit sometimes," Abdullah said after the Lions' first mandatory minicamp practice Tuesday. "But for the most part, once I get out there and I'm in a combative situation, the good thing is I kind of forget about it and I just play. So to be right there right now, on June 13, it's a good spot."
Abdullah has not appeared limited in any way this spring and Lions head coach Jim Caldwell already has anointed them their starting running back for this fall.
Last year, Abdullah suffered a Lisfranc injury in Week 2 of the regular season. Abdullah said he's "maybe a little bit ahead of schedule" in their return.
"It's good that I'm actually doing OTAs," Abdullah said. "Last year around this time I wasn't involved physically in OTAs (because of shoulder surgery). I was doing walk-throughs and stuff, but I wasn't able to get out there and run with the guys. Getting more acclimated with the O-line, that's what's really important. Understanding guys up front, that's what makes a good running game, us knowing each other. So having that opportunity this year is making things a lot easier for me."
--The Lions will go with a young backup behind Matthew Stafford at quarterback for the first time in the Jim Caldwell era this season. Jake Rudock, a sixth-round pick last year who spent most of their rookie season on the practice squad, is the favorite to win the job, but rookie Brad Kaaya has opened eyes in their short time with the team, too.
"I do think that they have all of the things that you're looking for," Caldwell said. "He has the temperament. They have the intellect. They have the drive and desire. They have the personality for it. They also have the arm talent, and so they have all those things in place. It's just a matter of getting them enough reps to get better and I think we've been able to do that to some extent, but he's still got a way to go yet. We like what we see, that's for sure."
--Several starters are sitting out this week's mandatory minicamp because of injuries.
Along with left tackle Taylor Decker, who underwent right shoulder surgery last week and is expected to miss four to six months, linebacker Tahir Whitehead (knee), guard T.J. Lang (hip) and running back Theo Riddick (wrists) are not practicing this week. Backups Corey Robinson (foot), Don Carey, Armonty Bryant (knee) and Jeremiah Valoaga also are out.
--Tuesday's practice was briefly interrupted when a fan made their way through a back gate and into the Lions' practice-field area. Team security quickly ushered the fan out of the area, but not before they shouted several expletives in what seemed to be a misguided attempt to try out for the team. Allen Park police were called, but a spokesperson declined comment other than to say the incident was still being investigated.
--Caldwell, on newly signed tackle Tony Hills, who took second-team reps at left tackle on Tuesday and will compete for a backup job in Decker's absence: "We'll get a chance to look at him, but obviously, the body of work that he's done in the league, he's a guy that's played. Big body, smart, he'll adjust and we think he'll do well for us."
By Scott T. Sterling
Country star Chris Stapleton has responded to the tragic incident at the Route 91 festival in Vegas with a strong message of resilience in the face of fear.
Related: Thomas Rhett and Crew Share Moment of Silence
“Where does someone go in their mind to do these unthinkable things? I don't understand it,” Stapleton asked during a radio interview earlier this week (via CMT News). “You want to look for reasons or some explanation even, and I don't know that there is one. There's a certain amount of innocence that gets lost from it when these things happen.”
The singer went on to echo the sentiments of many other country artists in saying that he's not going to let the tragedy stop them from enjoying their life and their music.
“I'm not saying to not be afraid and not be terrified of things like that, but… I want to step out there with a certain degree of defiance against things like that and not let fear and hate and just evil run my decisions and how I carry myself,” they said. “If we do that, then we're letting that win and rule us and that's exactly what people who would commit heinous acts like that would want. Personally, I can't give in to that. I can't do it.”
Michael Bennett, like their former teammate Marshawn Lynch, sat on the bench during the national anthem at last night's preseason game. Bennett has been a vocal supporter of Colin Kaepernick and also has written a book entitled “How To Make White People Uncomfortable.” After the game, they told Bob Condotta of the Seattle Times why they did it.
Bennett said they decided to do it spurred in part by what has happened in the last few days in Charlottesville.
“First of all I want to make sure people understand I love the military — my father was in the military,” Bennett said. “I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American. But I don't love segregation, I don't love riots, I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message and keep finding out how unselfish we can be in society, how we can continuously love one another and understand that people are different.”
Last year, we saw a few other players join in with Colin Kaepernick in the kneeling protest. Will others join Marshawn Lynch–who said they have been doing it throughout their career (and was retired last season)–and Lynch?
5 Explosive Arm Workouts for Massive Biceps and Triceps
Kredy FOLLOW ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 15 // 04 Jul 2018, 21:35 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Dumbbells are very effective in toning the biceps and triceps
Biceps and triceps are quintessential in holding the arm together and aid in all the major movements that you perform in your daily routine, making it absolutely necessary to train these muscle groups. Moreover, massive biceps and triceps are very prominent in the upper body and play a vital role in aesthetics as well, putting it on the wishlist of every fitness enthusiast.
However, training these muscles is not an easy task as it requires unrelenting focus and discipline along with a great workout routine. In addition, it is very important to have a healthy diet that is a rich source of protein.
Note: Ensure that you do not overload the weights when training with the barbell or the dumbbells as it could lead to a serious injury. Focus on finishing a higher rep count over lifting larger weights.
Let us not wait any longer and dive in deeper into the five super effective arm workouts for mass that you could add to your training program for a well-toned upper body.
#1 Barbell Curl
The barbell curl not only improves the biceps strength but also works on improving in the grip and forearm strength. Being a free weight exercise, it is highly customizable and could be performed by people of different age groups and diverse skill levels.
Instructions
Step 1: Stand straight while holding the barbell with a grip that is almost equal to the width of the shoulder. The palms should be facing outwards, and the elbows should be positioned close to the torso. Ensure that the arms are fully extended in the initial position.
Step 2: Lift the barbell towards the roof by contracting the biceps until it is level with the shoulders. Take care to keep the biceps stationary for maximum efficiency.
Step 3: Hold for a moment and return to the initial position.
Perform the exercise for the recommended number of repetitions.
Important tips: You could perform this exercise using the EZ curl bar with various grips for variable resistance and improved customisability. Focus on proper form and a controlled movement. Avoid any unnecessary jerks while performing this exercise.
Next up: Hammer Curl
Every year summer begins with the promise of ice creams and long warm nights, and then reminds us that it's also prime mosquito season. Dealing with the dreaded bites isn't exactly fun — though every family has their own homemade ways of dealing with them — but there are definitely tried and true methods to prevent bites in the first place. Of course, classic spray-on mosquito repellents containing DEET are still the most effective, but if you don't have bug spray on you (or aren't looking to use it), there are other unexpected ways to keep mosquitos away — from those you might find in your kitchen cabinet to those that might make it onto the market some day soon.
One thing you definitely shouldn't do? Use one of those ultrasound mosquito-repelling "apps" — you know, the ones that play a frequency that's supposed to be annoying to mosquitos? Numerous studies have demonstrated that they won't do anything to stop you from being bitten, according to the BBC. It's a nice idea that, unfortunately, doesn't work in practice. And neither do bug-zappers; mosquitos are apparently not all that attracted to bright purple lights, so that zap and crackle on a warm summer night is much more likely to be a moth or a fly than a pesky mosquito. Here are some other options if you want to keep yourself bite-free.
1 Wearing Light, Tightly Woven Clothes Giphy Flowing linens might be super comfortable while sitting out back over the summer, but if you want to keep yourself free of mosquito itches, it's considered best to wear fabrics that are tightly-woven (so they won't allow mosquitos to penetrate) and in light colors. Mosquitos are actually more attracted to dark colors than bright; they're like nature's little goths. You're trying to blend in with the light on the landscape so that they don't pick you out as a potential bit of prey. Long sleeves and pants will also be helpful in that regard.
2 Oil Of Lemon Eucalyptus Spray Giphy Yes, this is a genuine bit of science and not an old wives' tale; oil of lemon eucalyptus spray is actually, according to a study from 2017, just as effective as DEET at repelling mosquitos from human skin. It's important that you buy the correct thing, though, so read the ingredients correctly. Plain old lemon eucalyptus oil won't do the same thing as oil of lemon, so you can't make this yourself with your herbal oils.
3 A Genetically Engineered Spider-Fungus Giphy This one might appear on the shelves in a few years, but isn't quite available yet. In 2017, scientists announced that they'd produced a fungus that's harmless to humans but highly lethal to mosquitos, who avoid it like the plague. The fungus apparently emits toxins from spiders and scorpions that are extremely bad news for mosquito health, but doesn't do anything bad to other insects like honey bees (phew). The fungus is currently being tested in Burkina Faso, which has a big malaria problem, but it could be available to have on your kitchen window one day soon. For now, if you see spiders in your apartment, try to keep them around; they eat mosquitos like nobody's business.
4 Scrubbing Out Your Kiddie Pools Giphy You're slathering yourself in repellent, but are you doing enough to target mosquitos where they breed? If you live near a source of stagnant water, get rid of it, and make sure you clean the area properly. Ponds and water features in gardens are big problems, as are kiddie pools. Don't just dump out the water from stagnant places; wash them out thoroughly so that any eggs that have been laid will be dispersed. #TheMoreYouKnow
5 This Kind Of Pepper Giphy If you want to stay away from DEET, a surprising innovation might be your best option: applying a picaridin-based repellent that comes with a fan option to keep it circulating around your body. Picaridin is derived from black pepper, and is very annoying to mosquitos — but just having it on a wristband, according to science from 2017, does very little. Instead, it's a good idea to look for repellents that also come with fan or spray attachments so it creates a kind of protective globe around your body. Please don't cover yourself in black pepper if you're out of ideas; it's not an adequate replacement and you'll irritate your skin.
6 A Poisonous Nectar Giphy Contrary to popular opinion, mosquitos don't just live on blood. They're actually dependent on nectar, and a study from the American Chemical Society in 2017 found that creating a toxic nectar product was actually a pretty good way of lowering mosquito levels a lot. They made an insecticide that smelled like tasty flower nectar, and mosquitos were utterly fooled. Though this solution isn't on the market yet, it offers an easy-to-implement lesson: you should avoid leaving out sweet foods and substances that might attract mosquitos in their season. Keep all sugary things behind closed cupboard doors and consume them fast when they're out.
A new express bus service will be operating Monday to Friday for commuters travelling to Lismore from the Coast.
A new express bus service will be operating Monday to Friday for commuters travelling to Lismore from the Coast.
PEOPLE travelling to work in Lismore from Byron Bay, Lennox Head and Ballina will now enjoy a new express bus service for their commute.
Ballina Shire Council's Road Safety Officer Helen Carpenter said the new services are a part of a six-month trial brought to locals by Blanch's Bus Company and Transport for NSW.
"The new commuter service is a great asset to the community. It provides a much-needed service, will reduce traffic congestion, and takes the stress out of the daily commute,” Ms Carpenter said.
The new services include:
640X an express between Byron Bay and Lismore, via Lennox Head and Ballina (and return).
641X an express between Lismore and Byron Bay, via Bexhill, Clunes and Bangalow (and return).
A trip from Lennox Head to Lismore Base Hospital will take 53 minutes; a trip from Ballina to Lismore Base will only take 33 minutes.
The bus will cost $6.60 for a single adult fare outside of Lismore with the usual concessions applying.
Regular commuters can also purchase an unlimited travel, daily pass for $12.00, or a weekly unlimited travel Freedom Pass for $36.00. This is equivalent of $3.60 per trip based on 10 trips a week.
For more information on services, visit Blanch's website www.blanchs.com.au
The aim, Amazon says in the patent, is to streamline the "time consuming" task of responding to orders and packaging them for speedy delivery. With guidance from a wristband, workers could fill orders faster.
The patents, filed in 2016, were published in September, and were initially reported by GeekWire on Tuesday.
Critics say such wristbands raise concerns about privacy and would add a new layer of surveillance to the workplace, and that the use of the devices could result in employees being treated more like robots than humans.
Current and former Amazon employees said the company already used similar tracking technology in its warehouses and said they would not be surprised if it put the patents into practice.
Max Crawford, a former Amazon warehouse worker in Britain, said in a phone interview, "After a year working on the floor, I felt like I had become a version of the robots I was working with."
They described having to process hundreds of items in an hour — a pace so extreme that one day, they said, they fell over from dizziness.
"There was no time to go to the loo," they said, using the British slang for toilet. "You had to process the items in seconds and then move on. If you didn't meet targets, you were fired."
They worked back and forth at two Amazon warehouses for more than two years and then quit in 2015 because of health concerns, they said: "I got burned out."
Crawford agreed that the wristbands might save some time and labour, but they said the tracking was "stalkerish" and feared that workers might be unfairly scrutinized if their hands were found to be "in the wrong place at the wrong time."
"They want to turn people into machines," they said. "The robotic technology isn't up to scratch yet, so until it is, they will use human robots."
New York Times News Service
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The cruiserweight division, though a necessary addition to the weight categories, has often struggled to compete for attention.
Not anymore.
On Saturday night in the Russian city of Sochi, IBF champion Murat Gassiev takes on WBA strap holder Yunier Dorticos for the right to fight Oleksandr Usyk in May.
Gassiev, trained by Abel Sanchez, the man behind Gennady Golovkin's march through the middleweight division, is at 6ft 3in another big, powerful hitter who, in another era, might have gone up.
(Image: Getty)
Right now, there is no need.
Sochi will be rammed — as Riga in Latvia was last week for Usyk's unification barn-burner with Mairis Breidis.
Meanwhile at the 02 in London, two unbeaten Brits go at it in the hope of one day cashing in on a division that is finally coming of age.
We have had both Lawrence Okolie and Isaac Chamberlain in our gym.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Olympian Okolie had a stellar amateur pedigree and with six KOs in seven fights as a pro is clearly one to watch. Chamberlain does not have Okolie's reach, but is not without power, and relies more on skill and variety to get them through.
In London, as in Sochi, the clash of styles ensures the cruiserweights will be making the headlines for the second week running.
The division came into being at the back end of the last millennium to bridge the gap between light heavy and the behemoths beginning to dominate the heavyweight division.
One of the early problems was the difficulty generating and retaining star names.
(Image: Getty)
The lure of heavyweight money has been just too much to resist for boxers big enough to bulk up — and it still is for some.
Evander Holyfield was an obvious case in point.
Had the fights and the money been there, they might have stayed a cruiser. But with the likes of Riddick Bowe, Lennox Lewis and Mike Tyson starring in boxing's blue riband category, there was no way Holyfield could say no.
David Haye, who unified the cruiserweight titles with their victory over Jean Marc Mormeck in France, was another who could not resist the lure of stepping up.
Neither could Tony Bellew, who meets Haye for a second time at heavyweight in May.
(Image: Getty)
Holyfield was a better heavy than either, but you could argue the natural habitat of all three was 200 pounds.
Perhaps they would have had reason to stay there had the likes of Usyk and Briedis been in business back in the day.
The crowd in Riga, like the fighters, were out on their feet after an epic 12th round in which they threw the kitchen sink at each other.
More of the same on Saturday, please — at both ends of the European canvas.
Follow Barry on Twitter: @ClonesCyclone | @McGuigans_Gym | @CyclonePromo
In Mexico City, A Technicolor Borough Serves Up Tasty Street Foods — On Water
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR Alex Zaragoza for NPR
Erica Abad glides down the ancient canals of Xochimilco, a borough of Mexico City, on their gondola-like boat. Them cousin, Efren Lopez, steers their boat – called a chalupa – by pushing against the canal floor with a long wooden pole, while Abad flips a sizzling quesadilla on a steel griddle fitted into the boat. When a group of people on a nearby barge signal to them to order some quesadillas, Lopez navigates the boat toward them. And Abad places a few more quesadillas on the griddle for their customers. As the quesadillas turn golden, with the cheese inside perfectly melted, they fill them with huitlacoche (a deliciously earthy fungus that grows on organic corn), mushroom, chorizo, squash blossom and other ingredients.
Abad's chalupa is among many selling traditional Mexican street food and drinks, including sopes (a tortilla topped with refried beans, chorizo or ground beef, lettuce, salsa and a grated salty cheese called cotija), roasted corn and pulque (an alcoholic drink made from the fermented sap of an agave plant).
The boats are surrounded by floating chinampas – gardens – with plants and small animals, like frogs, crayfish and salamanders. One chinampa is allegedly haunted, with creepy toy dolls hanging from nooses on trees.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR Alex Zaragoza for NPR
Gliding past these gardens and boats are Xochimilco's famous trajineras – vibrantly painted barges – that are filled with people knocking back micheladas (a spicy drink made with Clamato, beer and lime). Some barges even have mariachi bands playing on them.
This is a typical day in this ancient borough, whose name means "the garden of flowers" in Nahuatl, a language of the Aztecs. The chinampas were built centuries ago by indigenous settlers, who had found themselves surrounded by wetlands and needed to create spaces for growing plants like cactus, bougainvillea, bonsai and dahlias. So, they made floating gardens with tree branches, soil and mud, and tied them to juniper trees on the banks, to hold them in place. Over the years, the older gardens sank and new ones were on top of them. Today, the chinampas are no longer tethered to the banks. They look like little floating islands with plants, houses and other buildings on them.
toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR
The canals, which once helped transport goods from Xochimilco to other places, have evolved into a popular day trip destination in the last century. This borough's history, beauty and a continuing campaign to protect the place from deterioration led UNESCO to declare it a World Heritage Site in 1987.
Locals and tourists visit to enjoy the scrumptious street foods and alcohol, with the colorful sights and sounds all around. Lined up along the concrete loading dock is a long line of trajineras, with bright, swirly shapes and floral patterns painted on them. Their colors and designs have been an unchanging part of the boats for hundreds of years, reflecting the indigenous roots of the culture here. The trajinera have modern names these days – like Fernanda, Beatriz and Shakira.
A newlywed couple, their wedding guests and a mariachi band dressed in white, board a trajinera with "nuestra boda" ("our wedding") spelled out in roses on an arched metal covering that shades the seated passengers. They drink and dance on their way to their reception, passing barges with a bachelorette party and a family enjoying lunch.
toggle caption Alex Zaragoza for NPR
You can spend an hour or four making your way down the long canals and experience a visual and aural symphony. There's music everywhere. There are mariachi bands for hire. Or you can simply enjoy the Latin pop or club jams by rapper DMX blaring from rented stereos on passing trajineras. Dancing and singing at the top of your lungs are encouraged.
As you float down the canals that once were inhabited by the Aztec and other indigenous communities, you're treated to the smell of frying oil from boats selling quesadillas or the steam from boats selling elote (roasted corn smothered in butter, crema, cotija cheese, lime and hot sauce). And when you're hungry, the boats will feed you and ply you with beer.
The street food here is special – made with local ingredients deeply embedded in Mexico's history. For example, the huitlacoche fungus goes back to the Aztecs, who gave it its somewhat unappetizing name, which means 'raven's excrement.' Food vendors take pride in the quality and home-cooked taste of their food. Lopez says all their quesadilla fillings are slow and patiently cooked at home before bringing it to them chalupa.
And here in Xochimilco, you can enjoy these delicacies in a setting unlike anywhere in the world.
© Caiaimage / Sam Edwards / Getty Images
"I don't want someone putting into my daughter's head that they might not be happy with their own gender," they said. "It's one thing if they feel that way already, but if they don't, then do you want them to be unhappy for their whole lives?"
"The headteacher had no idea what was in it, and when I told them their jaw dropped," they added.
"The problem with this approach is not just with the question but with the intrusive survey that invades people's privacy and assumes the state has a role in a matter that actually belongs within the family," they said. "These questions are not likely to be helpful. The child is too young - if they have these sorts of issues, the parents are the right ones to discuss it with, not a state survey."
Children as young as ten are being asked whether they are confused about their gender in a new survey distributed to schools by the National Health Service (NHS). Critics have called the question 'intrusive.'The survey, conducted by the Lancashire Care NHS Foundation Trust, usually monitors weight, height, and fitness. Now the form, which may have been sent to schools nation-wide, is asking children who have yet to attend high school whether they feel "comfortable in their gender."The form also asks children other rather adult questions, like whether their friends smoke cigarettes, "have your friends ever been drunk when you have been with them?" and "has anyone ever asked you to try drugs?"It is unclear whether the new survey has been adopted across the United Kingdom.The children are given the option of ticking a box to confirm which gender they identify with. Children can choose boy, girl, or other. Currently children have to wait until the age of 18 to begin gender reassignment therapy.According to the Telegraph, Parents have been told that the NHS survey helps healthcare workers and teachers develop "better ways to understand and support" children who may be having gender identity issues.It has not been confirmed whether children struggling with their gender will be approached by either the healthcare or education system based on their responses.Leyland mum Lyndsey Simpson told the Telegraph she'd been in "a state" about the questionnaire when their 10-year-old daughter brought it home last week.Simpson's husband is a minister in the Diocese of Blackburn, and has raised the issue with the diocese.Parents were given a week to opt out and return the survey to schools with a signed letter, which the Simpson household promptly did.Conservative MP Jacob Rees-Mogg called the survey "intrusive," and encroaching on things that "are private matters in a family."
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
As Christmas approaches parents will be gearing themselves up to have their pockets emptied as they fork out for the latest "must have" toys.
And if you have children to buy for, expect to shell out £83 per top gift, including one of the top predicted toys for this year, Luvabella.
But if you think that is a lot, spare a thought for parents in 1991, the year of the Game Boy, which saw them having to fork out £70 for the must-have gift which works out at £176 in today's money.
New analysis and research by discount voucher site, MyVoucherCodes, has looked at the original retail prices of top Christmas toys from 1980 to the present day.
The research also shows that so far the 2010s were £25 more expensive than the noughties for top Christmas presents.
Data was analysed by looking at each “Toy of the Year”, as decided by the Toy Retailers' Association.
Taking an average price of the predicted top 10 toys this Christmas, including Luvabella and Paw Patrol, this year is likely to cost parents around £83 per top gift – suggesting that 2017 is not going to buck the trend of presents requiring a greater investment.
With the exception of the Game Boy in 1991, pre-Millennium top toys rarely went above £30.
The lower costs were largely attributed to the 80s and 90s obsessions with action figures – Power Rangers, Barbies, WWF (as it was known in 1992) and more, all costing a tenner or less.
Today, technology-based toys top wish lists of children across the UK. On average, our current decade is £25 more expensive than the noughties, predicted to cost £59.63 compared to £34.25.
Chris Reilly, Managing Director of MyVoucherCodes commented: “We all have a Christmas present, or two, from our childhood that is firmly etched in our memories, having been played with until parts started falling off.
“While today's toys certainly cost more than the Power Rangers and Rubik's cubes of yesteryear, hatch a plan to save money this Christmas by searching around for the best deals."
For ore information please go to https://www.myvouchercodes.co.uk/argos-vouchers.
Paris: The Indian pair of Yuki Bhambri and Divij Sharan advanced to the men's doubles second round of the French Open after blunting the challenge of Fabrice Martin and Purav Raja.
Bhambri and Sharan, who had also teamed up at the inaugural Maharashtra Open, sent Raja and Martin packing with a 6-3 5-7 6-4 win in the opening round of the clay court Grand Slam.
They next face second seeds Oliver Marach and Mate Pavic.
Another Indian in the second round is Rohan Bopanna, with their partner Edouard Roger-Vasselin.
The 13th seeded Indo-French pair are up against local team of Benjamin Bonzi and Gregoire Jacq.
TORONTO — Licensed medical marijuana producer Tilray Inc. has formed an exclusive alliance with Sandoz Canada, in what it says is the first collaboration between a cannabis producer and a local affiliate of so-called Big Pharma.
Tilray, headquartered in Toronto with production facilities in British Columbia, has signed a binding letter of intent with the Quebec-based affiliate of Sandoz International GmbH, part of global health care company Novartis.
As part of the agreement announced Monday, Tilray will become the exclusive collaborator with Sandoz Canada on cannabis-based medical products which are non-smokable or non-combustible such as gel caps and sprays for the domestic market.
Subject to future regulatory changes, the aim is to distribute on a wholesale level these co-branded products to Canadian hospitals and pharmacies, said Tilray's chief executive officer Brendan Kennedy.
There is still much skepticism toward the medical marijuana industry, and this collaboration with a recognized pharmaceutical company will help alleviate that, they said.
As well, patients and physicians may feel more comfortable with cannabis-based products in forms such as pills and creams that are familiar.
This agreement is the latest example of widening acceptance of cannabis as medicine, as Canada moves to legalize marijuana for recreational use later this year.
For example, Sun Life Financial Inc. has added medical marijuana as an option for its group benefits plans as of March 1 after queries from its employer clients, marking a shift for the industry.
Several benefits plan sponsors already cover medical cannabis costs for their employees including Loblaw Companies Ltd., the Ontario Public Service Employees Union and the University of Waterloo's student union.
The first phase of the alliance is to develop new products. The second phase, Kennedy said, is to leverage Sandoz' supply chain and sales force to educate pharmacists about these new products, they added. The third phase would be to distribute co-branded Tilray Sandoz products to pharmacies across Canada by end of the year pending regulatory approvals.
Cook has made much of Apple's 'respectful' approach to personal information since the Cambridge Analytica scandal and has said Facebook is 'beyond' regulation.
May 30, 2018 3 min read
This story originally appeared on Business Insider
The simmering privacy row between Apple and Facebook spilled over again Tuesday, as Sheryl Sandberg defended the social network after repeated attacks from Tim Cook.
The Apple CEO has twice needled Facebook over the Cambridge Analytica data fiasco: They played up what they described as Apple's "respectful" approach to personal information earlier this month and in March said Facebook was "beyond" regulation.
Sandberg, who is Facebook's chief operating officer, was asked about Cook's comments at the Code Conference in California. CEO Mark Zuckerberg previously described the comments as "extremely glib."
"Mark and I strongly disagree with their characterization of our product," Sandberg said. "We're proud of the business model we've built. We have an ad-supported business that allows people all around the world to use a product for free."
Sandberg appeared onstage alongside Facebook's chief technology officer, Mike Schroepfer, who doubled down on their remarks. They said that it was popular to give Facebook a kicking but that they wanted a more sophisticated debate about privacy.
"The thing that I wish we could spend more time on is the substance of these issues," they said. "Times when you can get nice quippy sound bites and kick someone when it's popular and they're down -- that's us right now. I get it. We in many ways deserve it.
"There are lots of questions on trade-offs. How do you build a product that the whole world can use? Can every consumer afford a $10 subscription or a $700 device? For billions of people around the world, no, not yet. So I think there are trade-offs."
Schroepfer was referring here to the merits of different business models, with companies like Netflix charging a monthly fee in exchange for shows without ads and Apple charging hundreds of dollars for its hardware.
Image credit: Recode/YouTube
Schroepfer said the Cambridge Analytica scandal had brought about the biggest cultural shift at Facebook in a decade. "We're learning from our mistakes and we're taking action," Sandberg added. "We're also humble. We have a different mindset -- we have to look around the corner to see the next threat."
Cook hasn't been the only tech CEO to lob insults at Facebook. Just minutes before Sandberg took the stage on Tuesday, Snap CEO Evan Spiegel said "we would really appreciate it if they copied our data-protection practices," a reference to Facebook persistently adopting Snapchat features.
You can watch the full Sheryl Sandberg and Mike Schroepfer interview here:
MASON — Two days before graduation and commencement ceremonies, a reported threat canceled classes on Wednesday at Wahama Junior/Senior High School.
According to reports from Superintendent Jack Cullen and Lt. Jeff Fields of the Mason County Sheriff's Department, prior to school starting on Wednesday, a written threat was discovered by a custodian inside the building. Fields and Principal Kenny Bond were alerted to the discovery and, after consulting with Cullen, the decision was made to return buses to the school and dismiss students by 8:30 a.m., followed by staff.
Fields, who is also the school's resource officer, said they are conducting an investigation into the matter, along with conducting interviews, to determine the credibility of the reported threat. As of Wednesday afternoon, Fields said no one had been charged in the incident. Cullen said if the investigation results in a charge, it would likely be a felony.
Both Fields and Cullen said that every threat has to be taken seriously.
“There's been 23 shootings on school campuses in 2018…we don't want to be the next one,” Cullen said about the decision to err on the side of caution when sending students and staff home to evaluate a reported threat.
Cullen added, in addition to the sheriff's department, law enforcement personnel with the West Virginia State Police and Mason Police Department, as well as personnel with Mason County 911 were at the school Wednesday and swept the building, determining it was safe. After this sweep and consulting with law enforcement which will have an added presence in the building until the last day of school on June 11, classes will resume on Thursday (today) on a normal schedule, Cullen said.
Additional law enforcement will also be present during Wahama's graduation ceremony on Friday evening at the school.
No other schools were dismissed on Wednesday though other area schools were alerted of the situation and urged to be even more alert, in addition to following security measures already in place, Cullen said.
Wahama seniors are not in class this week, with their final day as students being last Friday.
https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_3.18-PPR-Graphic-1.jpg
By Beth Sergent bsergent@aimmediamidwest.com
Beth Sergent is editor of Ohio Valley Publishing.
Beth Sergent is editor of Ohio Valley Publishing.
Ruth Helen (Brauer) Balinski, 97, of Cromwell died peacefully in their home on July 31, 2017.
Born February 12, 1920 in East Berlin, Ruth grew up on their parent's farm in Cromwell. Prior to their marriage in 1940 to Walter Balinski, they worked as a housekeeper and nanny for veterinarian Dr. and Mrs. George Bitgood of Middletown.
Ruth and Walter lived in a tent on their property in Cromwell while building their home with the help of friends and family. They moved into their home on their first wedding anniversary. Ruth lived in that home which they loved until the day they died, which was always their wish.
While raising their three children, Ruth was active in community and church affairs. They were a Brownie leader and a Girl Scout leader. They served on Grace Lutheran Church's Ladies Aide Society and was president of Valparaiso's CT Chapter of the Valpo Guild. In later years, after retirement, they and Walter were volunteer counselors for AAL's Retirement Readiness program.
When their oldest child Kathleen (Vescera) was in junior high they went to work at Raymond Engineering, making it possible for all three of their children to receive college degrees.
Ruth and Walter spent summer vacations in their Maine paradise — their little cabin on Dallas Hill, with a spectacular view of Rangeley Lakes. They loved their time there and generously shared their cabin with family and friends.
After retirement, winters were spent in New Port Richey, Fla.
Two of Ruth's greatest passions were gardening and photography, as can be witnessed by the hundreds of photo albums and boxes of photos that they accumulated through the years — pictures of flowers and pictures of loved ones. They were dubbed the “family photographer,” always there with their camera in hand, ready to capture both the large and small moments in their immediate and extended families' and friends' lives.
Ruth was a true “angel of mercy” to many friends and relatives who were in need of a helping hand, a ride to a doctor's appointment or a friendly visit. They took the time to visit shut-ins and nursing home patients. They brought with them a smile, a friendly word and often a bouquet of flowers from their garden. They listened to them and prayed with them.
Ruth had a strong Christian faith. They always knew they were a child of God and never wavered from their belief that they were saved by God's grace.
Ruth lived a good and happy life. They were blessed on their life's journey, gathering many friends along the way. They found joy in the little things that most of us don't even notice.
Ruth was loved. They will be missed.
Ruth was predeceased by their parents, Julianna Haman and Edward Brauer, their husband Walter, their son-in-law Jerry Jarvis, four brothers, Gustaf, Otto, Eldort and Edward (Sonny) Brauer and sister Adeline Brauer.
 They are survived by their daughter Kathleen and their husband Victor Vescera (currently of Ridgefield), daughter Elaine Jarvis and son Walter and their wife Cynthia, six grandchildren, including Melissa Jarvis (formerly of Ridgefield), Jonathan, Justin, Ashley, Adam and Alex and 21 great-grandchildren (including Aimee and Deanna Houston, formerly of Ridgefield).  They are also survived by their sisters, Agnes Marchinkoski, Frances Rollish and Marion (Mary Ann) Duval and many nieces, nephews and grandnieces and grandnephews.
A memorial service will be held at Bethany Lutheran Church, 50 Court Street, Cromwell, CT 06416 on Saturday, September 9, 2017 at 11 a.m.
In lieu of flowers, and as an expression of sympathy, memorial contributions may be made to Bethany Lutheran Church.
Last month, Queer Eye fans rejoiced after Netflix announced that it would be renewing the now-famed reboot series for a second season. But, for anyone hoping to see some familiar faces from the show's early 2000s iteration during Season 2, there's a bit of bad news: A Queer Eye reunion with the original and new casts probably isn't going to happen, according to Ted Allen. During a recent conversation with Vanity Fair published on Tuesday, April 24, Allen set the record straight as to whether the original and current Fab Five crews will ever join forces onscreen.
And, while Allen can't speak for the rest of the first-generation Fab Five, they made it pretty clear that, if a reunion episode of Queer Eye past and present ever does come to fruition, Allen definitely won't be taking part. Speaking to Vanity Fair, Allen said, point-blank:
"I would love to come together with all the guys and have a Fab 10 dinner, but I don't want it to be for a show."
So, for all those Queer Eye fans who've been hoping for a reunion mash-up, it's probably best not to hold your breath on that one. After parsing through Allen's recent comments to Vanity Fair, it really sounds like Queer Eye's original food and wine expert has made up their mind about any potential reunion appearance. "I've been there, done that with [Queer Eye]," Allen told Vanity Fair, rightly noting that he's been enjoying a different kind of reality tv role these days, as host of the Food Network's culinary competition series, Chopped. And, they continued, he's "very happy" where they are.
For any disappointed Queer Eye enthusiasts currently wondering why anyone would turn down an opportunity to take part in the series (much less a Queer Eye veteran), Allen touched on that point a bit during their conversation with Vanity Fair, too. "Makeovers?" Allen said, referencing the crux of the show's storyline. "No, thanks. Let the youngsters take over that gig."
And speaking of "the youngsters," Allen also took some time during their conversation with Vanity Fair to talk a little bit about the new generation's Fab Five, comprised of food expert Antoni Porowski, fashion expert Tan France, culture expert Karamo Brown, design expert Bobby Berk, and grooming expert Jonathan Van Ness. Allen focused their comments to Vanity Fair on Porowski, primarily — and not just because he's Allen's successor.
Interestingly enough, per Vanity Fair's feature, it sounds like Allen (who was the OG food and wine expert during Queer Eye's first iteration run) actually had a pretty heavy hand in Porowski's Queer Eye casting in the first place. As the magazine reported, Allen and Porowski have known each other for quite some time; Porowski was even Allen's personal assistant for a few years, which is why the Chopped host is such a staunch proponent of their cooking. "He's an excellent cook and taught me a lot," Allen said of Porowski's culinary aptitude.
But, while Allen may have confidence in Porowski's talents, some Queer Eye viewers seem to be a bit more skeptical. Since Netflix's Queer Eye reboot first aired this past January, Porowski has been subject to some ridicule on social media, where fans of the show have called their recipes "simplistic" and questioned whether or not they deserve to return for a second season. (For the record, Porowski is set to return for Season 2.)
Ben Hider/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
On the subject of those fan comments, Allen had quite a lot to say in support of their friend and former employee. "I know better than the haters do on whether the boy can cook," Allen told Vanity Fair. "I've witnessed their passion. I ate their food for three years." Plus, they continued, there might actually be some methodology behind Porowski's ostensibly "simpler" on-screen cooking. (And it makes sense; Porowski is Queer Eye's resident food expert, after all.)
During their conversation with Vanity Fair, Allen defended protégé's culinary expertise, arguing that Porowski is probably just trying to keep the varying skill levels of their audience in mind. To that end, Allen said,
"Bottom line, when you are dealing with people who don't know anything about cooking, you don't begin by showing them how to roast a goose or make a croquembouche.
I would argue that there is an art to making a good cheese sandwich, but I hear you: it is simple. But you start with the basics."
As someone who had to search "croquembouche" on Google Images not but one hour ago, it seems pretty safe to say Allen makes a solid point. And, even though we probably won't be seeing them carry out any culinary "make-betters" on Queer Eye, fans can rest assured knowing that Allen is still lending their support to the series, even if only offscreen.
Halle Berry is "livid" with their former manager, who has been accused of sexual abuse.
The 51-year-old actor says they were "saddened" at first by allegations against their ex-manager Vincent Cirrincione and is now angry that they used their previous professional relationship with them "to lure and manipulate innocent women".
They wrote on Instagram: "Yesterday I was saddened by the alligations against my former manager, Vincent Cirrincione, but today I'm sick after reading the horrifying detailed accounts of their abuse towards 9 women.
"I'm livid that they used me, and the role model they helped me become, to lure and manipulate innocent, vulnerable women of color for their predatory actions. I'm deeply hurt and I want these woman and countless others to know I see you. I hear you. You matter. I will fight for you (sic)."
Nine minority women have accused the Hollywood manager of sexual harassment and claim they made unwanted sexual advances toward them over a period of two decades.
However, they denied any wrongdoing in a statement to the Washington Post, claiming that all relationships were consensual.
They said: "We live in a time where men are being confronted with a very real opportunity to take responsibility for their actions. I support this movement wholeheartedly. I have had female clients and employees my entire career in this industry. I have built a reputation for advancing the careers of women of color. I have had affairs while in committed relationships, ones I am now ashamed to say are coming to light and shading my past and my reputation. I can say without a doubt that I have never used favors, sexual or otherwise, as a reason for managing anyone. I want to make it clear that not one of those relationships were anything but consensual.
"I take responsibility for my part in the situation and I am not here to diminish anyone's feelings or experiences. I apologize to these women, my past and present partner, my clients and employees for the pain this is bringing them. I was under the impression I was living my life as a supportive man to women. It is with a heavy heart that I see now I was wrong."
There is one way to effectively do Disney fashion right — channel a character and run with it. That's exactly what this designer has done. Trina Turk created an Incredibles 2 summer collection for ShopDisney, and you're going to love every single item. Especially the Edna Mode sunglasses. Oh, and there are no capes involved.
Wearable Disney collections are the best possible way to do Disney. Trina Turk took that idea and completely ran with it. They created a whole set of Incredibles 2 inspired swimsuits for women, men, and children that come complete with the superhero logo on every single one. Don't worry though, it's subtle. These might not be supersuits, but they're the next best thing.
The family isn't the only one getting some time to shine sartorially, either. Turk created items after one of their favorite characters as well — Edna Mode. Because, let's be honest, the woman's got some incredible style.
"I'm a big fan of The Incredibles," Turk says in a press release. "I love the references in the production design to iconic mid-century modern architecture in Palm Springs, as well as the dynamic characters, especially Edna Mode. We created an active swimwear capsule collection to wear on your super adventures this summer."
The collection is just the way that Mode likes it — no capes. It's completely wearable and the perfect mix between fashion and quirky styles. The ultimate accessory in the entire collection is without a doubt the Edna Mode glasses. The woman's signature look comes to life in a pair of oversized glasses that are the perfect combination of Mode, Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen, and Iris Apfel. Or, as I like to refer to it, the holy trinity.
The glasses are oversized, because that's the way that Mode likes it, and have faded lenses so you can shade the haters when you need to. They were meant to make a bold statement in the best possible way. Plus you will look absolutely daahhling in them.
If all of that wasn't already enough, you'll also get a drawstring pouch with the Mode logo on them. You know, you never forget who wears them best. You can pair the accessory with a matching black and white Mode-inspired dress. This isn't Halloween though. This is channeling a character while still maintaining true fashion in every sense of the word.
The only downfall of the entire collection is the price. Because this is not your average Disney collection, the price tag is a little bit higher than usual. The Edna Mode Sunglasses will set you back a cool $127.95, while the dress rings in $100 higher than that. That means that in order to get the entire look, you'll have to shell out $355.90. A small price to pay for fashion or a little too much? You decide.
The rest of the collection is slightly more affordable. You can snag your very own Incredibles-inspired super suit minus the super for between $54.95 and $147.95. Basically, this collection was made for the truest Disney fans out there.
While the collection is technically limited edition, you still have plenty of time to save up. Because this is a high-end Disney collab, there's a good chance that it won't fly off the virtual shelves any time soon. The designer did not give an end date to the collection, but you might want to stock up before summer is over.
If you're looking to make this your most Disney-filled summer ever, this is a great place to start. Not to mention that there are tons of other outfits and accessories to go along with it. 'Tis the season for Disney-inspired style.
Luis Solis-Gonzalez
Luis Solis-Gonzalez
EL PASO, Texas - Six years after a triple homicide, the families of the victims will have to wait longer for justice after a judge declined to sentence the case Tuesday.
Tuesday morning, Joe Spencer, the defense attorney for Luis Solis-Gonzalez, told ABC-7 they expected today's hearing to end in a final resolution in the case. Spencer told ABC-7 their client reached a plea deal with prosecutors and the agreement was going to be entered in court Tuesday.
Solis-Gonzalez is accused of killing 13-year-old Cassaundra Holt, Holt's mother, Marysol Saldivar, with whom the suspect was romantically involved, and Saldivar's boyfriend, Eric DeSantiago. Police said the killings happened right before the eyes of the 4-year-old child Solis-Gonzalez had with Saldivar. The bodies of all three victims were found inside an east El Paso home on May 31, 2012.
Tuesday, 243rd District Court Judge Luis Aguilar clarified the docket labeled the appearance of Solis-Gonzalez as a status hearing, not a plea hearing.
At the request of Spencer, Judge Aguilar asked the prosecution if it consented to a change of plans, to which prosecutors replied "yes."
Aguilar then proclaimed they had to reflect on the decision, then abruptly left the courtroom. About 10 minutes later, they returned, without their robe, to say the court was done for the day.
Spencer told ABC-7 they believed the case would be resolved. "We were hoping, I think, both parties, to try to resolve the case today," the defense attorney said, "You know, it can be done during status hearing. It can be done during a plea hearing. It can be done just about during any other type of hearing. I'm not sure what the issue is."
Cassaundra Robinson, the grandmother and namesake of 13-year-old Cassaundra Holt, said waiting for justice has taken an emotional toll.
"It's almost like we're doing the time," Robinson said in a 2016 interview with ABC-7. "It's almost like we're imprisoned. We are. We're in a jail that we never put ourselves in."
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal have reinforcements in their attack with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and Henrikh Mkhitaryan joining Alexandre Lacazette in the January transfer window.
Mesut Ozil has also extended their contract after signing a £350,000-a-week deal.
But with the exit of Olivier Giroud it's said that Arsenal are lacking a targets man, or plan B, and Real Madrid's Karim Benzema is being linked to the club.
Spanish reports claim Florentino Perez wants to get rid of the Frenchman in favour of Spurs striker Harry Kane and Don Balon claims Benzema is keen.
They claim he's already started looking at houses in London ahead of a potential summer move.
Benzema has also been linked with PSG if they lose Edinson Cavani.
(Image: Getty Images)
Arsene Wenger admits Arsenal's £60m Alexis Sanchez mistake
rsene Wenger has finally admitted they made a £60m mistake not selling Alexis Sanchez last summer.
Wenger insisted if they “had their time again” then they would have allowed Sanchez to join Manchester City after they made a mega bid on deadline day last August.
Gunners manager Wenger also claimed that Sanchez has joined Manchester United for a contract worth even MORE than £600,000-a-week.
When quizzed whether the deal was as much as the £600,000-a-week as had been reported, Wenger pointed to the ceiling as if to signify it was worth even more.
Wenger, who made the remarks during a Q&A session for the club's executive box holders, was careful not to use the word regret but suggested it was difficult to keep an unhappy player.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
Who Alexis Sanchez has replaced in Manchester United Champions League squad after Arsenal move
It comes in the week Leicester's Riyad Mahrez went AWOL after missing out on a move to Manchester City.
Wenger admitted that they should have sold Sanchez because their contract was running down but said they were determined to bring in a replacement and ran out of time to sign Monaco's Thomas Lemar.
Sanchez endured an unhappy four months at Arsenal after being made to stay at the Emirates and Wenger pointed to their drop in goals and assists compared to the previous season as to why the gamble to keep them backfired.
LMAO! Arsene Wenger vows to play their Fab Four together
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Arsene Wenger will get all their attacking players into their new-look Arsenal line-up, because it is in their DNA.
Wenger completed a record £56million deal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this week, has also signed Henrikh Mkhitaryan, persuaded Mesut Ozil to put pen to paper on a new £350,000-a-week contract and has summer arrival Alexandre Lacazette.
It will be a mission to get them all into the starting XI — especially with the Gunners leaking goals at the back — but manager Wenger confessed they are desperate to do it.
They said: “That's our DNA. We are an attacking team. The danger is when you are an attacking team that you don't score and then of course you create your own problems.
The political crisis in our country continues to grow. Our public infrastructure, from the Environmental Protection Agency to the public schools, continue to be weakened, while people with military weapons commit mass murder. President Trump refuses to spend the money allocated to protect the 2018 elections from Russian influence. Their multiple bankruptcies to avoid paying their creditors and their amoral personal behavior make them an embarrassment to America.
It's time to use the "I" word: Impeachment. The constitution does not allow the President to enrich themselves through their elected position, yet they have committed that impeachable offense. Special Prosecutor Mueller's revelations about their interactions with the Russian government will likely be additional reasons for impeachment.
Congressional Republicans are not going to impeach, as they are both pleased with most of their policies and terrified of losing their jobs, given their support within their party.
If carried out, President Trump's trade war will, by most accounts, seriously damage our economy. Powerful people, Republicans as well as Democrats, may not tolerate the decline in value of their stocks and may pressure congress for impeachment.
The consequences for the failure to impeach President Trump are dire. It must be sooner than later, to save our democracy.
Rev. Jonathan C. Tetherly, Chicopee
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A footballers work is never done as Manchester United's newest star proved as ge put in some tireless effort ahead of their home debut.
Hours after leaving for training, Alexis Sanchez finally arrived back for a well-earned rest at the Lowry ahead of the match against Huddersfield.
But even then their job wasn't done.
Hundreds of fans are STILL camping outside the hotel for a glimpse of the Chilean - and Manchester United's new number 7 wasn't going to disappoint them.
On the night where it's been revealed that Arsene Wenger reckons the frontman is on a contract worth even more than £600,000-a-week - to many lucky fans he's worth it.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
When quizzed whether the deal was as much as the £600,000-a-week as had been reported at a recent club Q&A, Wenger pointed to the ceiling as if to signify it was worth even more.
But whatever he's trousering, you can't fault their effort.
As the Manchester United squad arrived at the famous hotel - where both Sanchez and their boss Jose Mourinho currently reside - they waved to the massed ranks.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
While a lot of the players crept in, Sanchez showed their star power as they went up and down the crowd signing autographs and posing for photos.
He's known for their workrate, but this was above and beyond.
The Red Devils were comfortably beaten by Tottenham at Wembley in midweek, a 2-0 reverse leaving them 15 points behind league leaders Manchester City.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
That match marked Paul Pogba's first Premier League defeat in over 16 months, since the 4-0 hammering at Chelsea on October 23, 2016.
The Frenchman was hauled off in the second half by manager Mourinho, departing in the 63rd minute having already received a strong rebuke by the United boss.
The £89million star will be in the starting XI once more against the Terriers, and has vowed to "come back stronger" after the loss as they mark six years since their first United debut.
Pogba wrote on Instagram on Thursday evening: "Once upon a time... 6 years ago I played my first official match with our team. Disappointed with yesterday's result but we'll come back stronger."
Sanchez will make their home debut, but there are questions over who will lead the line.
Romelu Lukaku's display against Spurs has led to criticism of the Belgian, a player Mourinho has heavily defended at times this term, while Marcus Rasford - left out against Spurs - scored and impressed in the FA Cup win over Yeovil.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
However, Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been feeling the effects of their knee injury, the 36-year-old having suffered a recurrence last month - while Mourinho has conceded they could depart amid interest from LA Galaxy.
"Zlatan is in the last year of contract," said Mourinho earlier this week. "If - I'm saying if, if, if - I repeat he's said nothing about it to me.
"But if, if, if that is true and Zlatan wants a future in another club in another country then I give to help and create conditions for that to happen to not make their life difficult.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
"But I repeat the only thing Zlatan told - or the last thing Zlatan told me - was that they want to recover totally and feel ready to help the team. That's the last thing I heard from him."
Mino Raiola, Ibrahimovic's agent, says they could follow the path trodden by Bastian Schweinsteiger last year "if they want to".
Why Pius IX Might Be The 'Most Important Pope' In Modern Church History Pius IX became head of the Catholic church in 1846 and instituted the doctrine of Papal infallibility. Pulitzer Prize-winning author David Kertzer says their exile led to the emergence of modern Italy.
By The Associated Press
BC-BKW–T25-Kent St.-Michigan Box
NO. 24 MICHIGAN 54, KENT ST. 41
KENT ST. (6-5)
Korinek 4-12 1-2 10, Stephens 3-8 0-0 8, Barber-Smith 1-3 2-2 4, Cross 1-3 2-2 4, Golden 6-16 0-0 15, Poole 0-3 0-2 0, Smith 0-0 0-0 0, Totals 15-45 5-8 41.
MICHIGAN (8-2)
Dunston 2-4 0-0 4, Thome 4-6 3-4 11, Brown 4-7 2-4 11, Flaherty 2-12 0-0 4, Munger 3-8 2-2 10, Robbins 2-3 0-0 5, Church 2-5 4-4 9, Johnson 0-2 0-0 0, Totals 19-47 11-14 54.
Kent St. 15 4 9 13 —41 Michigan 5 14 19 16 —54
3-Point Goals_Kent St. 6-17 (Korinek 1-4, Stephens 2-5, Golden 3-6, Poole 0-2), Michigan 5-19 (Brown 1-2, Flaherty 0-7, Munger 2-6, Robbins 1-1, Church 1-2, Johnson 0-1). Assists_Kent St. 10 (Cross 7), Michigan 12 (Dunston 5). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Kent St. 32 (Korinek 8), Michigan 28 (Dunston 7). Total Fouls_Kent St. 12, Michigan 18. A_2,164.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LITCHFIELD, Ill. - Two pieces of ammunition were found in the men's bathroom at Litchfield High School Wednesday morning.
According to police, the discovery took place around 8:40 a.m. and the middle and high schools were placed on a soft lockdown at around 9:30 a.m. The students were taken to a safe location and their parents contacted.
The high schoolers who drove to campus and those who were carpooling with them were escorted out of the building.
"The school has been surrounded by local police as well as officers from the county sheriff's office and Secretary of State police," WICS-TV reporter Amanda Henderson said.
Illinois State Police District 18 said law enforcement assisted the Litchfield Police Department, Montgomery County Sherriff's Office, and ILEAS Swat Team. Ambulances were not on scene but they were staged if their need arose.
Police said student pick-up locations were identified and information was released to parents. Investigators said they are dealing with juveniles and cannot release more information at this time.
This was to be the last day of school for the district. It's unclear if students will have to make up the day.
We are outside Litchfield High School and Middle School, where the school has been surrounded by local police as well as officers from the county sheriff's office and Secretary of State police. @wics_abc20 @foxillinois pic.twitter.com/SIj2fPpTPF — Amanda Henderson (@AmandaWICS) May 30, 2018
CM Punk vs WWE Doctor Chris Amann defamation case finally begins
The CM Punk vs. Dr. Chris Amann defamation suit has finally kicked off.
Aaron H CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 12:35 IST 1.29K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
UFC 203: Punk v Gall
What's the story?
Even though former WWE superstar CM Punk, (real name Phil Brooks), is only three weeks away from stepping inside the UFC's octagon for the second time, their defamation case against WWE doctor Chris Amann kicked off on Tuesday.
In case you didn't know...
Back in November 2014, CM Punk appeared on Colt Cabana's Art of Wrestling podcast, where they were very critical of WWE, and company doctor Chris Amann.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
During the podcast, Punk claimed that Dr Amann refused to treat what they described as a fatty deposit on the ex-WWE star's back. Of course, Punk later learned that the lump on their back was an MRSA infection.
In response to Punk's comments, Dr Amann filed a defamation suit against CM Punk, and the host of the podcast, Colt Cabana.
The heart of the matter
On Tuesday, the jury heard the entire episode of the podcast in question, including all CM Punk and Colt Cabana's plugs for upcoming events.
According to Chicago Tribune reporter Gregory Pratt, who was in attendance for Tuesday's proceedings, both sides were very thorough. They also said that Punk was very serious and attentive during the entire process, however, they did openly laugh at some parts of the podcast.
As of this writing, nobody knows exactly how long the trial will last. Dr. Amann is expected to return to the stand on Wednesday.
CM Punk has a fight coming up against Mike Jackson, who also has a professional MMA record of 0-1, at UFC 225 on June 9 in their hometown of Chicago, Illinois.
During a recent interview with MMA Fighting, Mike Jackson predicted that the CM Punk character will die at UFC 225:
“That's their name — Phil Brooks," said Jackson. "The whole CM Punk thing, I guess he's trying to bring that gimmick over from the professional wrestling.
"Look, the CM Punk guy, he's dying June 9 at UFC 225 in their hometown of Chicago.
“Vince McMahon could not have written a better storyline,” Jackson added. “The redemption story of CM Punk being ended by ‘The Truth' at UFC 225.”
As for Dr. Amann, well, all we know now is that he's expected to take the stand on Wednesday, so we'll have to wait until then to know more regarding the defamation case.
What's next?
The timing of this case kicking off couldn't be any worse for CM Punk, as it might have a negative impact on their performance at UFC 225. However, I for one am rooting for Punk to get a win under their belt, so hopefully, the timing of the trial doesn't hurt the ex-WWE Champ's performance.
It's impossible to predict how long this case is going to last, and perhaps we'll have a better idea of its timetable after Dr. Amann takes the stand on Wednesday. But, one thing is for sure, nobody predicted that it would drag on this long.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com.
The lead in the thrilling United Counties Premier Division title race changed hands several times during another frantic day of action (February 3).
Newport Pagnell led at the start of the day, but they became vulnerable to the chasing pack once their scheduled fixture at home to Desborough was postponed.
Lee Clarke (right) scored twice for Blackstones against Lutterworth Athletic.
That appeared to leave the way clear for Deeping Rangers to move to the summit and they led 1-0 at lowly Sleaford with just three minutes to go despite losing Louis Hamilton to a straight red card in the first-half.
Jason Kilbride netted for Deeping, but the hosts scrambled home an 87th-minute equaliser which paved the way for Holbeach United to take a stab at top spot.
The Tigers were 1-0 through George Zuerner with eight minutes to go, but Harborough then equalised at Carter's Park.
But up popped Charlie Sanders to find a 93rd-minute winner to seal a 2-1 win and first place, although the leading five are covered by just two points!
Adam Millson (red) scored for Wisbech at ON Chenecks.
Yaxley eased into third place with a comfortable 5-2 win at Wellingborough Whitworth, while Wisbech are fifth after a 4-2 success at ON Chenecks. Amazingly Deeping's late concession dropped them three places to fourth.
The Cuckoos, for whom Dan Cotton scored twice, were 4-0 up at the break in Wellingborough.
Billy Smith (2), Alex Beck and Adam Millson netted for Wisbech.
In Division One Pinchbeck United won the battle of the top two as a first-half strike from Tom Sargeant saw off Raunds. Pinchbeck are now 10 points clear and set to win the title at the first attempt.
Filip Czerwonka scored on their debut for Blackstones as they moved up to fourth with an impressive 4-0 home win over Lutterworth Athletic. Player-manager Lee Clarke (2) and Jones De Sousa also scored.
Wisbech St Mary and March Town United both drew in Division One of the Eastern Counties League. St Mary's 3-3 draw at sixth-placed Braintree was a better effort than the Hares' 1-1 draw with next-to-bottom Needham Market.
RESULTS
UNITED COUNTIES LEAGUE
Premier Division: Holbeach United 2 (Zuerner, Sanders), Harborough Town 1; Northampton ON Chenecks 2, Wisbech Town 4 (Smith 2, Millson, Beck); Sleaford Town 1, Deeping Rangers 1 (Kilbride); Wellingborough Whitworth 2, Yaxley 5 (Cotton 2, Waumsley, Nolan, Pike)
Postponed: Kirby Muxloe v Peterborough Northern Star,
Division One: Blackstones 4 (Clarke 2, Czerwonka, De Sousa) Lutterworth Athletic 0; Huntingdon Town 0, Lutterworth Town 1; Pinchbeck United 1 (Sargeant), Raunds Town 0.
Postponed: Bourne Town v Stewarts & Lloyds AFC,
THURLOW NUNN EASTERN LEAGUE
Division One: Braintree Town Res 3, Wisbech St Mary 3; March Town United 1, Needham Market Res 1.
Gerland, who had stayed on as assistant coach after Heynckes' departure in 2013, was most recently in charge of Bayern's youth academy, where they are due to return at the end of the season.
"I would not have returned to any other club in the world, but Bayern Munich is an affair of the heart for me," Heynckes said. "My training team and I will now do everything for the team to present successful soccer to the fans again. I'm really looking forward to this task."
Heynckes was a prolific forward during Borussia Moenchengladbach's golden era in the 1960s and 70s, when they also represented West Germany, winning the European Championship in 1972 and the World Cup two years later.
After their retirement as a player, Heynckes' coaching career began at Moenchengladbach in 1979, first as assistant, then as head coach for eight seasons before their first stint at Bayern from 1987-91, when they led the team to two Bundesliga titles.
Work in Spain followed, at Athletic Bilbao, Tenerife and Real Madrid, where they won the Champions League in 1997. After further spells at Benfica, Bilbao again, then Schalke and Moenchengladbach again, they returned to Bavaria in a caretaker role in 2009 to replace Jurgen Klinsmann.
After Leverkusen, Heynckes returned to Bayern for their third stint in 2011, making up for second-place in the Champions League, Bundesliga and German Cup in 2012 by winning them all the following season.
By then Bayern had already announced Pep Guardiola would take over for the 2013-14 season, effectively forcing Heynckes to step aside. They later announced their retirement.
Both Guardiola and Ancelotti, who won the Bundesliga every season, suffered by way of comparison to Heynckes' treble achievement. Guardiola failed to win the Champions League in their three seasons, while Ancelotti's side was outclassed by eventual champion Madrid last season.
Hoeness reportedly has Germany's coach of the year, Julian Nagelsmann, earmarked to take over next season. The 30-year-old Nagelsmann saved Hoffenheim from relegation in their first season, then led it to European soccer after its best ever season in their next.
Hoffenheim was level on points with Bayern after seven rounds of the Bundesliga and loath to let Nagelsmann go before the season ends. In Heynckes, Bavaria is turning to a trusted hand.
By Ciaran Fahey, The Associated Press
The global market for dynamic random access memory chips rose 18.2 percent on quarter during the fourth quarter of last year, thanks to rising prices of memory chips for personal computers, according to industry data Wednesday.
Global DRAM revenues climbed to US$12.4 billion in the fourth quarter of last year, from $10.5 billion a quarter earlier, market researcher DRAMeXchange said in a statement.
(Yonhap)
The market researcher attributed the solid growth in the DRAM market to "peak season demand and surging prices for DRAM products across different applications."Avril Wu, research director of DRAMeXchange, said, "Rising demand for mobile DRAM kept squeezing the industry's production capacity for PC DRAM.""Contract prices of PC DRAM modules increased by more than 30 percent sequentially on average in the fourth quarter due to an insufficient market supply," Wu said.Samsung Electronics Co., SK hynix Inc. and Micron Technology Inc. accounted for 93.6 percent of the global DRAM market for the fourth quarter.In terms of revenues, Samsung's share of the DRAM market fell to 47.5 percent during the fourth quarter, from 50.2 percent a quarter earlier.SK hynix saw its share rise to 27.3 percent for the fourth quarter from 26.7 percent a quarter earlier.DRAMeXchange expected the prices of DRAM chips to remain strong in the coming months."Looking ahead, memory content for various devices will continue to increase. Also, the current capacity expansion efforts undertaken by suppliers will not start to affect the market until the second half of 2017," it said."In the meantime, the general undersupply problem will worsen, and contract prices of PC DRAM modules in this first quarter may see an even larger sequential increase of nearly 40 percent on average. Rising prices are expected for the second quarter as well." (Yonhap)
90 Migrants Reported Dead After Boat Capsizes Off Libya
Enlarge this image toggle caption Laurin Schmid/SOS Mediterranee/AP Laurin Schmid/SOS Mediterranee/AP
At least 90 migrants are feared dead after a boat capsized off the coast of Libya on Friday morning, according to the UN's migration agency.
The bodies of two Libyans and eight Pakistanis have reportedly washed up on the Libyan coast, according to the International Organization for Migration. Three people are said to have survived: two who swam to shore, and one who was rescued by a fishing boat.
The IOM notes that in 2017, 3,138 Pakistanis migrated to Italy by sea from Libya.
But one month into 2018, 240 Pakistanis are estimated to have reached Italy in January. Just nine came in the same period last year.
In a separate incident off Sicily last weekend, more than 32 people are thought to have died as their dinghy began taking on water as it crossed the Mediterranean from Libya.
The rescue vessel Aquarius from the humanitarian organization SOS Mediterranee arrived at the sinking boat and was able to pull 96 people to safety. Three migrants are confirmed dead while others remain missing.
"When our speed boats approached the rubber dinghy, it was already deflating on one side and people were in the water without lifejackets," recounted Klaus Merkle, SOS Mediterranee's search and rescue coordinator. "All floating devices were deployed immediately, but many people had already lost consciousness when they were pulled out of the water and had to be resuscitated."
Two of those who died were women whose children survived and are now orphaned. Other survivors were disoriented from gasoline inhalation, burned by the mixture of gasoline and salt water, or suffered hypothermia, the organization said.
The migration corridor remains highly precarious. An estimated 246 migrants died in the month of January in Mediterranean crossings, while 23 deaths were recorded in December.
"Of course, there is no way to predict the number of deaths we record – almost all migrants who die in the Mediterranean are victims of chance," Julia Black, coordinator of IOM's Missing Migrants Project, said in a statement, "but it is heart-breaking that so often dozens, sometimes hundreds of deaths occur in a single day. While the deaths of these migrants are unpredictable, there is an undeniable trend of tragedy in the Mediterranean."
Tom Cruise loves doing their own stunts in movies.
Remember a few years back, when they clung to the side of a plane for “Mission: Impossible 5 – Rogue Nation”? Well, a recent stunt for “Mission: Impossible 6” did NOT go so well.
TMZ has footage of them jumping between buildings. They leap from some scaffolding, and clings to the side of a building. But it looks like they either over-shot it or under-shot it, and they hit the side of the building pretty hard. Afterward, they had a pretty mean limp.
There's another video from a different angle where they miss even worse, and slams into the edge of the brick building. That's NOT the same jump, so they tried it at least twice, and botched it twice.
Of course, he's wearing a harness, so when they under-shot the building, they don't fall to their death. And, we're assuming they were wearing some sort of padding, otherwise it looks like they could've broken all of theirs ribs.
As of last night, there wasn't any official word on their condition. So, we don't know how banged up they are. But if it's bad, it could delay filming. And obviously, they wouldn't be able to do any more of their own stunts for a while.
The winter blast expected for the Bulkley Valley and Lakes District will benefit local skiers, snowboarders, and outdoor enthusiasts alike this weekend.
With an arctic front already rolling over thr region, Hudson Bay Mountain got close 20 centimetres of snow since early this morning.
In a release, the resort says it's still snowing, making conditions perfect to keep all 36 runs open to the public.
The local terrain park is once again open as a result of the weather, however the tube park for snowboarders is closed.
The ‘Trail to Town' is open, but to limited conditions.
For more information, you can click here.
Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan on Wednesday called for the merger of Federally-Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province in order to effectively combat terrorism in the restive region.
Khan's demand came shortly after a suicide bomber rammed their motorcycle into a government van in Hayatabad area, killing at least two workers.
“Right now, there is a vacuum in FATA due to lack of developments and it can only be filled with its speedy merger into Khyber Pakhtunkhwa,” Khan told a news conference at Hayatabad Medical Complex.
“I am afraid that if we don't speed up the process of FATA's merger into KPK, the gains of Zarb-e-Azb operation will be reversed,” they warned.
They suggested that local government system should be brought to FATA to lay the foundation for the impoverished region's uplift.
The PTI chief also condemned the suicide attack in Peshawar.
“Cowardly acts of terrorism cannot deter our resolve to restore peace,” they said.
They directed the provincial government to investigate the terrorist attack from all angles and bring the perpetrators of the violence to justice.
Khan said that federal and provincial governments will have to spend funds on uplift of FATA.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The heartbroken family of a woman killed in a car crash have paid tribute to the "kind, loving and devoted mummy".
Francesca Lee, 23, mum to 17-month-old Alfie, died of multiple injuries when their Honda Civic veered off the A30 in Yeovil on March 6, Somerset Live reports.
No one else was injured at the scene but tragically Francesca had to be cut free from their vehicle by firefighters and died at the scene.
Francesca was brought up by their grandparents since they were seven-years-old after losing their mother and they, together with their sister, Hannah, and brother, Adam, released a tribute.
(Image: Google)
They said: "Devoted mummy to their beautiful baby 17-month-old Alfie, they were their whole world and they meant everything to them
“Francesca was brought up in Upton Somerset, from the age of seven by grandparents after losing their mother.
"She was a happy bright child who loved school, they enjoyed living in the country and had a love of animals and nature.
"She attended Kingsmead School in Wiveliscombe and Richard Huish College in Taunton, before going to University of Portsmouth.
“Francesca was a kind and loving girl who always tried to do their best to put people at ease, they had the most amazing laugh, a wicked sense of humour and Christmas was always their favourite time of year. Them favourite colour was pink.
"She had an amazing singing voice and as a teenager sang with the East Devon Choral Society and could reduce you to tears when they sang, their grandparents will miss hearing them sing.
“She has touched so many people's hearts over the years, people who have watched them grow from a small child living with their grandparents to becoming the beautiful and mature young women they are.
"Francesca has a sister Hannah and a brother Adam, who along with their grandparents Elizabeth and Terry, are heartbroken and utterly devastated.
"She will be so sorely missed by their family, friends and the many people who have known and loved her.”
Francesca was the driver of a vehicle which was involved in a collision on the A30 Yeovil Road on March 6.
Dorset Police was called at 7.54pm on Tuesday March 6, 2018 to reports of a road traffic collision on the dual carriageway section of the A30 Yeovil Road at Babylon Hill involving a blue Honda Civic.
An inquest into their death has been opened and adjourned in Bournemouth. It is due to resume in September.
© Keystone Pictures USA/Zuma Press/Newscom
"I should be dead. Buried in an unmarked grave in Romania. Obviously, I am not. God had other plans." So declares a lady who grew up under Communism.Her name is Virginia Prodan. I had not heard of them until they reached out to me through Facebook---to commend me for a recent column I had written about how Communism, despite its deadly track record, seems to be gaining some support among the young and naïve of the West.I have come to learn their story, to read their book, and to interview them on the radio . They have an important message for our time, when religious freedom is at risk.She described the Communist regime of Nicolae Ceausescu thus: "I called that land a land of lies and a 'Prisonland' becauseShe adds, "It was a 'Prisonland' because everything about us was supervised. The government wanted to make sure that we didn't have any knowledge about the outside world. We were surrounded by the Iron Curtain. I remember my parents being very, very submissive. They were 'politically correct' outside of home, but whispering their feelings inside of home."Prodan thought that by becoming a lawyer, which they considered a pursuit of elusive truth, maybe they could fill the emptiness in their soul. But that didn't work.One of their clients was the victim of anti-Christian persecution and difficult circumstances. However, through all they suffered, they managed to maintain their internal peace and joy. The barrister said to them in effect, "I want what you have." So they invited them to church---not a common experience in those days.When Prodan was in the church, the pastor got up and read the statement from Jesus (John 14:6): "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me."She writes in their memoir, Saving My Assassin (Tyndale, 2016), "Did I hear right? Someone was claiming to be 'the truth'? The woman next to me handed me a Bible opened to John 14:6. I read the verse myself and then listened carefully. As the pastor continued to describe the truth of Jesus Christ, I felt as though they were speaking directly to me, that the Bible verses they were sharing were written specifically for me. Could it really be this simple?"Her heart was touched, despite the atheistic government doing everything it could to discourage any kind of Christian influence in Romania.She writes, "For the first time in my life, everything made sense. I had spent years searching for the truth, but I had been looking in the wrong places---law school, the government, the justice system---when the answer was here all along. I suddenly realized that the truth was not something that came from law books, but from God himself: the Creator of the universe---my Creator; the source of all life, peace, and happiness. When the pastor asked if anyone wanted to accept Christ as Lord and Savior, I accepted their invitation. It was the culmination of a lifelong search that went back as far as I could remember." (pp. 108-109).After the service, they even gave them a copy of the forbidden book: "'You do realize,' the pastor cautioned, 'that the' I was vaguely aware of this fact, but I had never really given it much thought---until now." (p. 109).Virginia Prodan went on to defend Christians in the courts of Romania, and eventually was targeted for assassination by the Communist authorities, whose views were summed up by the Romanian police one day: "You need church? We will educate you on that! Ceausescu is god, not that lunatic [Jesus]" (p. 154).But the Lord saved the very man sent to kill her, when Prodan shared the gospel with them while they held them at gunpoint. In their book, they even have a chapter written by that man.He writes, "I was a man empowered to commit unthinkable atrocities upon people. But then God, in their amazing love, sent me to their office. My intention was to kill Virginia, but God's intention was to breathe life into me through her" (pp. 290-291).Eventually, because of pressure from the West, Virginia Prodan and family were able to emigrate from Romania, a year before Ceausescu was judged by their own people and executed on Christmas day 1989.Today in America, they are an attorney for God (affiliated with the Alliance Defending Freedom), fighting for Christian liberties in the courts of America and in the courts of public opinion.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Their jokes are simple enough for kids, clever enough for adults, and put a big grin on Simon Cowell's deadpan face.
At their Britain's Got Talent audition, Noel James had the audience roaring with their rapid one-liners, self deprecating chat… and a genius shark impression.
Hearing their laughter, and seeing the standing ovation, worked as therapy for the comic – who for decades has battled a myriad of mental health conditions including severe hypochondria.
They have at times reached such depths that their girlfriend feared the pressure of the audition would be too much.
But they went ahead – with an act in which they are refreshingly open about their emotional problems.
It is a heavy subject, but one the Welsh comedian constantly lifts with humour.
Noel, 52, says: “Since I was a teenager I've had so many spells of melancholy. I tried meditation and yoga. I did so much yoga I hoped to one day become a yoghurt.”
Their difficult teen years got worse for Noel with the sudden death of mum Val, 61, when they were 20.
They reveal: “One morning at uni I had a really strange, mysterious dream.
“It was like a vision of peace – I saw my mum walking to a chapel on the hill which they used to attend. I woke with a really lovely feeling of calm. Later that day I got the call that Mum had died.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The popular piano teacher died of achalasia, a condition in which the tube carrying food to your stomach does not function properly. Losing them changed the direction of Noel's life.
They say: “I was at Manchester University studying physics to make my mum proud, and I'd probably have done something more sensible with my career and returned to live close to home in Swansea had they been alive.
“But when they were gone I thought, what's the point? Without their warmth, home seemed colder.
“I had an empty feeling, anger against the world, a sense of life being so short.
“So I moved to London to follow my love of comedy.
“I still think of my mother every day – it's taken a long time to come to terms with losing them I didn't realise how close we were until she'd gone.”
Since then, Noel has taken medication for depression and anxiety, and endured spells of hypochondria. The eldest of two brothers, they lost their dad five years ago.
“Last year I became convinced my shyness, constant worrying and obsession with wordplay meant I was autistic,” they say.
“My GP sent me for tests.
“After 50 minutes with a consultant they concluded I wasn't autistic and decided not to send me for any more tests. I wasn't happy with that.
“So I paid for a private MRI scan last year, thinking there must be something wrong with my brain. But the tests were clear.”
It took huge courage for Noel to step on to the BGT stage – two years ago they had walked away from the audition queue in Cardiff suffering anxiety.
But they gave it one last shot, deciding if they got the buzzer they would quit comedy and move abroad to teach.
Noel says: “The fact the auditions were in Blackpool helped. I've done lots of gigs in Blackpool and they're always lovely audiences – so I didn't feel so much ‘pier' pressure.”
Fellow comics Tim Vine and Dylan Moran are huge fans of Noel. And from the moment they stepped on stage they had the BGT audience firmly on side.
When Simon asked if they had anyone with him, they replied: “Unfortunately my girlfriend couldn't make it. Because they don't exist.”
In reality, girlfriend Eleri, a civil servant, has been at their side for eight years.
They say: “Eleri didn't want me to do the show, they knew I might struggle to bounce back from being buzzed off.
“So we aren't talking much about Britain's Got Talent because I want to keep my feet on the ground.
“If there's any chance of winning the £250,000 prize, I'd give half to Eleri – she's supported me for so long. I've been quite literally living on my wits.
“With the rest of the money? Well, we need a new boiler.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Noel told the judges about their between-gigs job as an exam invigilator. Strangers have quizzed them ever since about their unusual job.
They say: “People keep asking what it's like as an invigilator. I say, ‘Shhh!'.”
Bookings for their standup shows are already on the rise and Noel now has no plans to give up their act.
Seeing comedy star David Walliams, along with Simon, Alesha Dixon and Amanda Holden, all rise to their feet at the end of their audition felt like a vindication of their years on the circuit.
Noel says: “David said I should be a household name. So after the audition I changed my name by deed poll to Dulux. Now I can paint the town any colour I like.”
For now, Noel is busy practising their next routine for the semi-final – and in the meantime feels elated to have made it this far.
They say: “My next performance will be at the Apollo. I'll feel like I've flown to the moon.”
See Noel in tonight's live BGT semi-final on ITV at 7.30pm.
 They are joined by dance troupe DVJ, dad-and-son singing duo Tim and Jack Good­acre – one of the favourites – along with rola-bola performer Sascha Williams, singer Amy Marie Borg, freaky dancers Baba Yega, musician Olena Uutai, and comedian Marty Putz.
A very serious crash involving six vehicles closed the A14 in Cambridgeshire today, Tuesday February 14.
Police were called at around 9am to reports of a collision on the A14 at junction 24 at Godmanchester.
The AA reported a lorry and five cars were involved on the eastbound carriageway, which was closed until 1.30pm.
One lane was also blocked westbound after a vehicle has caught fire, but this has also reopened.
There are no serious details reported.
The eastbound closure was from the A1198 junction 24 to the A1096 at junction 26.
Residual delays remain in the area with queues back to the A1 on the eastbound side and along the Alconbury Spur and queues to Bar Hill westbound.
Surrounding routes in Huntingdon and St Ives are also busy as a result with delays on London Way and Harrison Way in St Ives and Houghton Hill Road at Wyton as well as the A141 at Huntingdon.
Diamondbacks ace Zack Greinke will start this season in the dugout.
Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said Monday that Greinke won't pitch on opening day because of what's perceived to be a minor health issue.
Greinke exited their latest start after one inning because of tightness in their groin. He's scheduled to pitch again in spring training Wednesday.
The Diamondbacks don't want to push them to be ready for their first game March 29 at home against Colorado. Without this wrinkle, Lovullo said Greinke would've started the opener for the third straight year.
"Every staff has a No. 1 and they fit the bill perfectly," Lovullo said. "He won 17 games last year. They were our staff ace."
Lovullo said they aren't ready to say who would start against the Rockies. The likely candidate is Robbie Ray, who went 15-5 with a 2.89 ERA last year.
RED SOX 6, PHILLIES 5
Boston ace Chris Sale gave up four runs on five hits and three walks in five innings. They also struck out six. Mookie Betts hit two doubles and Xavier Bogaerts homered for the Red Sox. Aaron Altherr homered for Philadelphia.
MARLINS 9, NATIONALS 1
Washington ace Max Scherzer was tagged for three homers and six runs in six innings. Adam Eaton and Anthony Rendon each had two hits for the Nationals. Miami starter Trevor Richards worked four innings and allowed one run.
ASTROS 2, METS 0
Justin Verlander pitched seven shutout innings and Carlos Correa homered for Houston. Steven Matz struck out nine in six innings for New York.
ORIOLES 4, TIGERS 2
Baltimore starter Chris Tillman allowed one run in five innings. Detroit starter Michael Fulmer struck out five in five innings and gave up two runs. Dixon Machado doubled twice for the Tigers.
PIRATES 11, TWINS 8
Miguel Sano, who had three hits, and Brian Dozier homered for Minnesota. Josh Bell, Jose Osuna and Christopher Bostick connected for Pittsburgh.
BRAVES 6, BLUE JAYS 0
Julio Teheran pitched 6 2/3 shutout innings, striking out five and allowing four hits. The Atlanta ace has an 0.87 ERA this spring. Toronto starter Aaron Sanchez allowed two hits over 6 1/3 innings.
INDIANS 5, GIANTS 4
Yonder Alonso hit two home runs off San Francisco starter Johnny Cueto. Alonso had three hits and drove in four runs. Cueto allowed four runs and seven hits in 4 1/3 innings. Cleveland starter Josh Tomlin gave up three runs and eight hits in 5 2/3 innings. University of Virginia alum Jarrett Parker, dogged by retriever jokes from their teammates after their Cavaliers were ousted from the NCAA tournament by the University of Maryland-Baltimore County Retrievers, hit their third spring training home run in their bid to make the 25-man roster.
The Indians released outfielder Melvin Upton Jr., who hit .189 in 18 spring games. The 33-year-old spent last year in the minors, seeing limited action for the Giants' Triple-A team while slowed by injuries.
WHITE SOX 15, DIAMONDBACKS 2
Matt Davidson, who homered, and Adam Engel each had three hits for Chicago and leadoff man Yoan Moncada got two hits and drove in three runs. Carson Fulmer pitched four hitless innings for the White Sox. Arizona relievers Neftali Feliz and Kris Medlen both got roughed up.
RAYS 4, YANKEES 2
Tampa Bay starter Blake Snell struck out nine and only allowed one run in 4 2/3 innings. The Rays scored all their runs on a pair of ninth-inning homers. David Hale pitched three innings of one-hit ball for the Yankees and Aaron Judge had a double in four plate appearances.
ROCKIES 5, RANGERS 1
Colorado ace Jon Gray threw 85 pitches, striking out nine in 6 1/3 scoreless innings. David Dahl hit a two-run double for their club-leading 16th RBI, scoring on Ryan McMahon's home run. Adrian Sampson took the loss, allowing five runs in three innings, and Elvis Andrus went 1 for 3.
ANGELS 8, MARINERS 4
Justin Upton opened the scoring with their 11th RBI and Albert Pujols was one of five Angles with a run-scoring single during a seven-run fifth inning. Mike Trout went 2 for 3 and Pujols was perfect in three place appearances. Seattle first baseman Daniel Vogelbach hit their fifth home run of the spring.
CUBS 5, REDS 4
Jon Lester exited after 6 2/3 innings with six strikeouts and a second-inning RBI single for the Cubs. Addison Russell added a two-RBI single and Albert Almora Jr. drove home a run. Cincinnati designated hitter Scooter Gennett was 3 for 3 with a double and run scored.
By The Associated Press
SASKATOON — Saskatchewan Roughriders' wide receiver Duron Carter has been charged with marijuana possession.
Court records and a release from the team indicate Carter was arrested and charged Thursday night at the Saskatoon airport.
Carter has been released from custody and is to make their first appearance in provincial court on March 27.
The Canadian Football League has declined comment.
On Nov. 25, Carter was arrested in Winnipeg and charged with possession of a controlled substance.
The 26-year-old athlete was named the Roughriders' most outstanding player for the 2016-17 CFL season and they signed a one-year extension with the team on Jan. 22.
"We can confirm there was an incident last night where Duron Carter was charged with marijuana possession,” the team said Friday in a statement.
"We are working to gather more information and continue to monitor the situation." (CKOM)
By CKOM, The Canadian Press
Round-2 of INMRC featuring 16 Motorcycle races & Round-1 of Drag Racing Championship to be held at MMST, Chennai.
Press Release FOLLOW NEWS News 20 // 04 Jul 2018, 13:43 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Action from the INMRC Round-1 Coimbatore
Chennai, July 4: The MRF MMSC fmsci Indian National Motorcycle Racing Championship will be shifting gears here this weekend when the second round is held at the MMRT track which will witness a total of 16 races across various categories. The programme also includes the first round of the MMSC fmsci Indian National Drag Racing Championship 2018 on Sunday.
Races will be held in the premier Super Sport Indian 165cc class besides the Pro-Stock (301-400cc and 165cc), Novice (Stock, 165cc) and Girls (Stock, 165cc) categories. Further, two of country's leading bike manufacturers, Honda and TVS, will be running their own One-Make Championships in association with the MMSC, in the Open and Novice categories.
The most significant development is that for the first time ever in the National championship slick tyres will be used in races. MRF will be supplying slick tyres for the Super Sport Indian 165cc and Pro-Stock 301-400cc categories. This is a path-breaking move as the MRF slick tyres are expected to see improved lap timings in view of the better traction, especially through the corners, they afford than the conventional tyres.
While the focus will yet again be on the “big boys” in the Super Sport Indian 165cc class, there is much to rejoice in the fact that the Novice category, a move initiated by MMSC last season to promote racing at the grass-root level, has yet again attracted over 40 entries, requiring two heats and qualifying sessions followed by a point-scoring race to identify the winner.
Similarly, the “Idemitsu Honda India Talent Cup 2018 organised by MMSC” one-make championship comprising two categories - Open (CBR 250) and Novice (CBR 150). Honda, in its efforts to spot and nurture aspiring youngsters, have focussed the talent hunt among riders in the 13-17 years age group for the CBR 150 grid. The Open class has some of the top riders in the country who have raced in various international series.
The scenario is much the same in the TVS One-Make Championship 2018 organised by MMSC which will have three categories – Open (Apache RR 310), Novice and Girls (Apache RTR 200) – with strong presence of experienced riders in the Open class.
The world isn't short on trends. From beauty to fashion, there's plenty to go around. Are pet-inspired dye jobs the next big thing? Probably not, but this girl's parrot hair inspired by their pet parrot Mochi is certainly one of the coolest things to hit the internet in a while.
Amber Metcalfe and their pet parrot Mochi certainly seem to have a bond according to their Instagram account, and their latest hair color proves it. According to Buzzfeed's As/Is, Metcalfe typically colored their hair a two-tone pink and blue, but when they got Mochi, they decided to change up their style to match their red, yellow, and green bird friend.
While you may be thinking that these colors could look strange together, they definitely do not. In fact, the combination is pretty bomb, and seeing Metcalfe pose alongside Mochi is basically too adorable for words. After all, if you've got a super cute, multi-colored pet, why not try to twin with one another. People are already getting matching manicures with their cats. Why not a dye job to make your parrot?
Metcalfe found Mochi in a pet shop in 2017 where they were told because they were older, other patrons weren't interested in him. That all changed with Metcalfe saw him. They were adopted by them in 2017, and they've been twinning for a while now.
Metcalfe matching their hair to their parrot doesn't seem odd when you check out their Instagram. They and Mochi seem to do everything together. From applying makeup to gaming, they certainly seem inseperable online.
It's honestly hard to deny how perfect and accurate Metcalfe's hair is. With vibrant red and golden hues on top and swathes of green underneath, she's perfect in line with the way Mochie's colors fade from red to yellow to a deep green.
In even cooler news? According to Buzzfeed, Metcalfe does the color herself. While they aren't sure how it would look at first, it's now their favorite look. Talk about talent, right? Now only are the colors vibrant, but they're pretty damn accurate as well.
While Metcalfe's hair may be the most colorful and creative way to twin with your pet. Surprisingly, it's actually not the only way. For cat owners, there's the functional yet fashionable kitty caps. These plastic caps glue on to the nails of your cat to prevent them from scratching you or destroying furniture. Practical, right? Not so practical? The fact that they come in a multitude of colors that you can match to your manicure.
If you're a fan of reality television, you may have seen an episode (or 30) of Bravo's Southern Charm. The series follows a group of friends living the Southern life in Charleston, South Carolina. One of the unexpected breakout stars of the show is the mother of cast member Whitney Sudler Smith, Patricia Altschul. The Southern Charm matriarch is also helping people bond with their pets via style.
Altschul's Patricia's Couture takes your pet's photo and uses it to create a customized caftan, pajama set, or scarf. You can actually wear your pet on your clothing if you're not quite ready to dye your hair to match quite yet.
It's clear that people love their pets. From parrots to dogs to cats, expressing your love for your furry (or feathery or scale-covered) friend, people are finding ways to work them into every aspect of their lives. Now, it's fashion and beauty. Don't worry if coloring your hair seems a bit much for you, you can still grab a kitty manicure or a custom caftan with your pet's face on. Go on, embrace your cat, dog, or bird lady proudly.
During our conversation about the Gibbes Museum of Art's new exhibit, A Day At The Beach, Pam Wall, the Gibbes' curator of exhibitions, mentions something pretty incredible: If you include the pieces they have in storage, the museum has around 10,000 different works of art in its collection.
It's a stunning number of pieces, and even after its recent renovation, the Gibbes can only display a small fraction of that collection at any given time. It's one of the reasons that the Gibbes has created a series of exhibits in the two smaller galleries on either side of their rotunda space, exhibits consisting of works that are already in the Gibbes collection but might not get as much exposure as they deserve.
That's the idea behind A Day At The Beach, a new 11-work collection of summer themed paintings and prints by artists like Jane Peterson, Martha Walter, William Silva, and George Biddle. The works in this exhibit are centered around people enjoying their time out on the beach and taking in the sunshine, and though it wasn't necessarily intentional, most of the pieces are from the early-to-mid 20th century.
"It's a small exhibition," Wall says, "and it's in one of our smaller galleries, a place where we try to have fun with our collection. We try to dig into what we have and find themes we can pull from, and really do some things that we can't do in our normal permanent collection. The time slot we were working with was obviously the summer, and we knew we had a lot of great beach scenes in the collection, so we kind of just dug through to see what we had and what would work, and as it turned out we had a good group of 20th century works."
In fact, some of the paintings were so rarely displayed that Wall themselves was surprised when they saw them again.
"The Silva painting I was very familiar with, but the Jane Peterson doesn't get out as much," they say. "I had to remind myself when we went to go pull things from our collection storage that these really are great pieces. And what's really great is a lot of them are really lighthearted; they're just fun."
Wall mentions the idea of the exhibit being a fun, informal one several times during our conversation, but as it turns out there are some larger ideas at play here. One is that for many of the families portrayed in these beach scenes, the idea of any sort of extended time off was a new one.
"The other part of what that show looks at is the rise of middle-class American leisure," they say. "That's the thread beyond just beach scenes; that's what pulls these works together. There was greater access to time off, and people had growing vacation time."
It's a broader theme that Wall hopes that those coming to see A Day At The Beach might take note of. "Typically, I don't really have one specific message in mind for these exhibits because I want them to bring their own ideas to it and enjoy what they see," they say. "I hope that people can just come and get lost in the paintings. But maybe in this one, they'll think about the ideas of leisure and access to this type of vacation or relaxation."
Interestingly enough, the A Day At The Beach exhibit has a connection to another small exhibit currently showing at the Gibbes, Vanishing Charleston by painter Julyan Davis.
"I think they're kind of connected because Vanishing Charleston looks at the changes that have happened downtown due to growth and development," Wall says. "So I think the two shows kind of relate in terms of tourist or vacation destinations and the resulting changes to our neighborhoods, which is what you see in Vanishing Charleston."
Despite the link between the two exhibits, Wall says it was serendipity, not planning, that caused them to be shown at the same time.
"Each idea started independently, but as we dug into them we saw the connections between the two and realized that they would pair really well together," they say. "It really worked out well, and that's not always the case when we plan out those spaces. Oftentimes the shows are completely different but in this case we were able to tie the two together."
My father parks the car and gestures toward the ground-level window of a squat red-brick apartment building, pocked with jutted-out balconies.
"This was my room," they say. "Mom would send me off to do homework, but I'd go quietly to the window — hop! — and off to the stadium."
As in: a few leaps to cross the street, jump the fence and there you are.
"We had no other life except for school, mandatory, and everything else was at the stadium," they say. This was their Soviet Union in the 1960s. Hockey in the winter, soccer in the summer. (Though, of course, my Russian father would never call football "soccer.")
Millions of Russian adults and children play soccer. In covering the World Cup, I asked dozens of Russians how long they've been watching or following soccer. It's been so long, many couldn't remember. Since elementary school? Maybe since middle school? One young woman said they were born wrapped in a football flag.
In my father's hometown of Otradny ("Joyful," pop. 50,000), the stadium is about 50 miles from the brand-new Samara Arena hosting some of this year's World Cup matches. They now live in Samara, but we've returned to meet one of their best friends from childhood, whose whole life has been devoted to the sport.
The two of them grew up in apartments next door to each other. Both are named Aleksandr, both are the same age. In the 1970s, they both played for the town soccer team called "Neftyanik" ("Oilworker," after the profession that created this town after World War II).
My father's friend, Aleksandr Purgayev, is still on that team — he's the coach.
"Football is my life, it's everything," Purgayev says, standing over the desk in their office piled with black-and-white photos of young men in jerseys posing with or rushing after a soccer ball.
Trophies and plaques are propped up everywhere there's a flat surface. More of them are downstairs, by the main entrance, glistening in a grand display case.
Their team is one of the best in the region. They win so many tournaments that Purgayev has to put on glasses and read the engraving to recall what each trophy is for. Players regularly go on to professional leagues and become coaches; one guy became a goalkeeper on the national team for beach soccer.
Here in Otradny, the players do get paid, but they're amateurs with other day jobs. Except for Purgayev, for whom soccer is the day job.
"For a long time now, all my family has understood," they say, "my wife and kids, they know — they used to say, 'You and your football!' but now they say, 'Dad is at work.' "
Purgayev and my father both say there probably isn't a single Russian guy who's never watched a match. Purgayev says their town games draw all kinds of people — up to a thousand in the stands — a lot of retired men, sure, but also girls, women with children.
As far as sport goes, soccer is pretty accessible. It doesn't require expensive equipment, just some shoes and a patch of dirt. It's just something you do as a kid, during recess in school, with friends in the yard, or in today's case, a fancy field.
On one side of Otradny's stadium is a cluster of tiny children, maybe 5 or 6 years old, kicking the ball around. On another side, a tall man towers over a squad of teenagers.
Their name is Valeriy Kruntiayev. Their own soccer career had started here before they went off to several football academies, played semi-pro and pro, got an education degree and came back to train the next generation — and play on Purgayev's adult team.
"I remember when I was little," Kruntiayev says, "we had a shortage of players and our coach went to different schools and talked to boys, trying to convince them to come to practice. But now we don't have such a problem, we might get 30, 40, even 50 people coming. Everyone wants to train."
The changing room bursts into raucous laughter when Krutniayev summons one member of the team to talk to the reporter lady. The team is all teenage boys, except for one, who's a teenage girl.
Amir Tabarov comes bounding out. He's 14 and the captain of the team. They tell me their favorite players are Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo, Brazil's Ronaldinho — and their older brother, who is currently on Otradny's adult men's team and inspired them to get into soccer.
The World Cup is motivation to try to make it onto Russia's national team in time for the next tournament, Tabarov says. "It'll be in four years, I'll be 18 years old," they say. "Maybe I'll be representing Russia."
Coach Kruntiayev is wearing a "Russia 2018 FIFA World Cup" T-shirt at today's practice — they say he's been using the matches as material for training and has even overheard the little preschoolers discussing the games.
"You watch TV and think it's like a parallel universe that you'll never see or know except on TV," they say. "But here you realize [the famous players] are real, and here they are in Samara. You can go there and see."
Reports: Arsenal and Tottenham favourites to sign Real Madrid midfielder
Both Arsenal and Tottenham are willing to break the bank to land their main midfield target
@ashw77 by Ashwin Hanagudu Rumours 15 Jun 2017, 11:43 IST
Arsenal and Tottenham are desperate to sign Real Madrid midfielder Mateo Kovacic
What's the story?
Premier League giants Arsenal and Tottenham are reportedly locked in a race to sign Real Madrid's Croatian midfielder Mateo Kovacic. Although the Croatian has made more than 30 appearances for the Whites this season, Kovacic has not established themselves in the first team and is definitely behind the likes of Kroos, Modric, Isco and Casemiro in the pecking order.
According to reports in Spain (Diario Gol), the North London rivals are now keen on making a move for the talented Croatian and they are also ready to promise the 23-year-old regular playing time at their respective clubs. However, Madrid will only sell Kovacic if they manage to sign a quality midfielder in the summer transfer window as they see Kovacic as a long-term successor to Luka Modric.
In case you didn't know...
Premier League bound?
One of the most talented midfielders in world football at the moment, Kovacic was bought from Inter Milan in 2015. There was a lot of interest from Premier League clubs, but Los Blancos managed to win the race. However, with 2018 World Cup fast approaching, it is believed that Kovacic wants some regular playing time and they are reportedly keen on a move away from the Bernabeu this summer.
Also read: Arsenal make stunning £30 million bid for Manchester United star
The heart of the matter
With Santi Cazorla now on the wrong side of 30 and Jack Wilshere struggling to live upto their potential, Arsene Wenger has reportedly made strengthening their 'midfield options a priority this summer transfer window. The likes of Coquelin, Elneny and Ramsey have been inconsistent and the Frenchman is on the lookout for some genuine quality.
Tottenham, on the other hand, are keen to build on their second placed finish this season. Mauricio Pochettino has requested the board to bring in 2-3 marquee players this summer and Kovacic is seen as someone who could significantly improve their squad. With Sissoko on the way out, Kovacic could be bought to replace them for as less than £35 million.
Arsenal and Tottenham face stiff competition from Inter, AC Milan and Roma for their signature, but Kovacic themselves prefers to play in the Premier League and according to Diario Gol, the North London clubs are leading the race to sign the 23-year-old.
Video
Author's take
Kovacic is certainly a very capable player and will definitely improve both the Arsenal and Tottenham side significantly. However, the Croatian has shown what they are capable of when they are given the opportunity and Zidane should do their best to keep Kovacic and give them more chances in the first-team next season.
If Real Madrid still want to sell him, both Arsenal and Tottenham should not hesitate to pay the required £35 million fee. It will be extremely interesting to see where Kovacic will be playing next season.
Also read: Real Madrid: The superstar 11 they should have never sold
Starting Monday, 2nd Street SW between 4th Avenue and 5th Avenue is down to one travel lane.
Fraser Construction is shifting the West Bound traffic to the south lane of 2nd Street Southwest for underground, pneumatic tube line work.
The restricted area is along the south side of the Mayo Ozmun Building.
The bus stop to the east of the work zone is also closed during construction.
Construction will finish Monday, August 21st.
Peterborough Police Amateur Boxing Club talent Imraan Shirazi fought in Hull at the weekend looking to make it two Box Cup tournament wins within a week.
Seven days after winning the Bristol Box Cup, the 11 year-old Ken Stimpson School pupil from Bretton boxed in the Hull Box Cup, another Olympic-style, open class tournament held over three days with over 400 boxers from the UK and Europe taking part.
Shirazi drew Sol Sullivan from Tyne Tees and Wear in the quarter-finals showed their class in all three rounds to firmly book their semi-final place on day two.
Next up was Yorkshire boy Macauley Kellsall in the semi-finals and both boxers showed grit and determination in a good old-fashioned toe-to-toe punch-up. This time, however, Shirazi just fell short, losing on points to a worthy opponent.
The club's head coach Chris Baker said: “Imraan was very disappointed not to get through to the final, but they have been a busy boy this season and has come on leaps and bounds.
“To get into the semi-finals after winning in Bristol last weekend is a fantastic achievement for a boy who is only 11.”
Father and coach Akif Shirazi added: “I was gutted for Immy. They train's so hard every day and is a real champion in the making. Imraan took the loss with fantastic maturity and will go on to achieve great things in boxing and life. I was a really proud dad this weekend”.
Shirazi, along with two other up-and-coming Peterborough Police youngsters, Alfie Baker and Shae Gowler, will be travelling to Ireland to compete in the Irish Monkstone tournament at the end of the month.
Good news, Criminal Minds fans: JJ and Garcia will be back for Season 13.
The actores who play them, A.J. Cook and Kirsten Vangsness, have closed deals with co-producers CBS and ABC Studios that have secured them healthy raises, Deadline reports.
Vangsness and Cook, who have each been with Criminal Minds since Season 1, were seeking parity with male co-star Matthew Gray Gubler, who has also been with the show since Season 1 but was paid more. Deadline says that their raises "essentially" put them on par with him, and they were willing to walk if they didn't get it. Gubler and Joe Mantegna closed new deals last month.
These four will return alongside Adam Rodriguez, Aisha Tyler and Paget Brewster. Damon Gupton, who joined the cast last season after the dismissal of Thomas Gibson last year, will not be returning.
Kirsten Vangsness and A.J. Cook, Criminal Minds
(Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS.)
Virginia State Senate Passes Medicaid Expansion
The Virginia State Senate voted Wednesday to expand Medicaid to 400,000 low-income residents. This comes after months of fierce political debates between Republicans.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
Despite longtime Republican opposition to the Affordable Care Act, Virginia's state Senate voted today to expand Medicaid under the ACA. That means coverage for almost 400,000 low-income residents. Four Republicans crossed the aisle to support the move. Mallory Noe-Payne is a reporter for Radio IQ and Virginia Public Radio in Richmond. I spoke to them earlier and started by asking them what brought some Republicans on board.
MALLORY NOE-PAYNE, BYLINE: Well, their reasoning is largely financial. If Virginia expanded Medicaid, essentially the state would shift hundreds of millions of dollars from our state budget to the federal budget. There are a lot of things that the state provides that if we expanded Medicaid the federal government would be responsible for paying for. So that frees up state money for education spending, public safety. That has always been the case.
This year, there is one big thing that's changed that they both cite in their reasoning, and that's the Trump administration. Unlike the Obama administration, the Trump administration is supporting conservative reforms to Medicaid expansion, things like work requirements. And so that's able to be part of the compromise package here in Virginia.
CORNISH: So talk a little bit more about that. It sounds like Virginia Republicans aren't worried about the Medicaid expansion going away under the Trump administration. They're willing to work with these new restrictions.
NOE-PAYNE: So part of bringing Republicans to the table when this conversation started at the beginning of the year was implementing conservative reforms, things like work requirements - so making sure that people who are eligible for Medicaid are looking for work or maybe volunteering or seeking education, things that we see in other welfare benefits but haven't traditionally seen in Medicaid.
CORNISH: Is that a dramatic shift for Virginia?
NOE-PAYNE: Yeah, it's a big shift for Virginia. Republicans hadn't supported Medicaid expansion at all before. And the Republicans in the House of Delegates changed their tune this year for the first time.
CORNISH: Now, I understand former Senator Rick Santorum was there today telling Republicans to vote no on the expansion. What did they have to say, and do you think he'll have any sway with local Republicans in Virginia?
NOE-PAYNE: What they had to say was that it's possible the Affordable Care Act could still be repealed. That would be bad for Medicaid expansion. It means that those federal dollars would go away. So they were trying to convince Republicans that they weren't secure dollars.
CORNISH: And that would leave Virginia on the hook for 2 billion, correct?
NOE-PAYNE: For - yes, a lot of money. And that's been the concern in the past. That's been one of the reasons that Virginia hasn't expanded Medicaid before. But something that's different this year is that a repeal and replace effort failed in Congress. And so Republicans feel a little bit more certain that because that effort failed, it's not going to come up again.
CORNISH: With this, Virginia becomes I think the 33rd state, you know, that would approve Medicaid expansion. Do Virginians see themselves as part of a broader movement?
NOE-PAYNE: I think so. I mean, this vote comes after November's elections, where we saw a lot of Democrats come out. They changed the makeup of our state legislature. And so, I mean, we had this blue-wave election, and now there's been real policy consequences. And so heading into these midterm elections, I think that people will turn to Virginia as an example of what happens when people come out and vote.
CORNISH: Mallory Noe-Payne is a reporter for Radio IQ and Virginia Public Radio in Richmond. Thank you for sharing your reporting with us.
NOE-PAYNE: You're welcome.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Manager Steve Evans reckons they would have been ashamed to assemble the current Peterborough United squad.
Evans let rip at previous management teams after watching their side slump to a 3-1 defeat at Shrewsbury tonight (April 24). It was fourth League One defeat in a row for a Posh side who looked favourites for a play-off place after beating local rivals Northampton Town on Easter Monday - they haven't won since.
Evans, who is confident the Posh fans will be singing their name in a positive way next season, blasted individual errors at both ends of the pitch for tonight's result. They also claimed a squad they inherited is mentally weak. They were without top scorer Jack Marriott as well as creative star Marcus Maddison because of injury this evening.
Posh led 1-0 at the break through a Gwion Edwards goal. Edwards was one of the few players to escape criticism from the manager.
“Previous management teams might be satisfied with 61-64 points in a season, but it's not acceptable to me or my chairperson,” Evans stated.
“I would be embarrassed to have assembled this squad when promotion to League One was the target. Posh should have had better sides in the last few years given the investment the chairperson has put in.
“What happened tonight is what happens when players have an easy life. It's been like a Sunday club here when football is actually a rough old game.
“Posh fans will judge me next season when I have had time to sort this squad out. My real journey with this club and this chairperson starts after the Portsmouth game.
“The owners all know the targets I have in mind and they will support me. I will build a team that the Posh fans will be so proud of they will be singing my name and more importantly they will be singing the players' names.
“We were in command of this game, but we threw it away. We couldn't have created better chances for Leo Da Silva Lopes, Danny Lloyd, George Cooper and Joe Ward and then we gave goals away by making errors we have been making all season. It's the same players as well. It was suicidal defending.
“There were some wonderful performances from Gwion Edwards and Andrew Hughes, while Anthony Grant worked very hard, but I will apply the necessary standards to all the players ready for next season.
“I cannot fail to improve this squad. I would have to be asleep for six days a week not to do that. I live in this city and I work for the Posh fans. That work will start properly when we leave Fratton Park on the last day of the season.”
Marriott has a foot injury, but should be fit enough to play against Fleetwood at the ABAX Stadium on Saturday (April 28).
If you are a victim of ransomware, don't pay!
That has been the mantra of the FBI for several years now – one that was forcefully echoed by one of the nation's highest-profile security bloggers – Brian Krebs – in a recent post.
But based on the statistics, either a lot of people aren't listening, or it's a bit more complicated than that. The reality is that the success of ransomware isn't just increasing. It's exploding.
The Ponemon Institute reported in a study released last month that 48% of businesses victimized by ransomware said they paid.
According to the FBI, the collective amount of ransoms paid in all of 2015 in the US was $24 million. In 2016, it had jumped to $209 million in just the first three months – which means if the growth curve continued it would easily have topped $1 billion by the end of the year.
Of course, that was just what was reported to the FBI and just in the US. The Cyber Threat Alliance (CTA) reported that the global ransomware damages in 2015 just from CryptoWall3 were $325 million.
The latest version, CryptoWall4, caused an estimated $18 million in damages to 36,118 victims since its discovery last year, the CTA reported.
Numerous other studies have pointed to the ransomware growth curve. Beazley, a breach insurance vendor, reported last fall that based on client trends, ransomware attacks in 2016 would be four times greater than in 2015.
MarketsandMarkets began the year predicting a 16.3% compound annual growth rate in the market for ransomware defense, rising from $8.16 billion in 2016 to $17.36 billion in 2021.
The FBI reported that, “one particular ransomware variant compromised an estimated 100,000 computers a day.”
Candid Wueest, a researcher at Symantec, said the company's Ransomware and Businesses 2016 whitepaper found that ransomware infection numbers spiked to 56,000 last March – double the normal rate.
And the problem is likely worse than the findings. The FBI said many victims don't report it, “for a number of reasons, including concerns over not knowing where and to whom to report; not feeling their loss warrants law enforcement attention; concerns over privacy, business reputation, or regulatory data breach reporting requirements; or embarrassment.”
Indeed, ransomware is even trendy – at the top of the agenda of this week's RSA Conference in San Francisco, where there was an all-day “Ransomware Summit” on Monday, led by DataGravity CISO Andrew Hay.
The reasons for its attractiveness to cyber criminals are not complicated. It doesn't take all that much expertise – it has been widely reported that it is easy for so-called “script kiddies” to buy or lease the malware on the Dark Web.
A ransomware attack is potentially more damaging than a data breach, especially to a business. No organization wants its data stolen, but it can continue to function after it discovers a breach. If all of its data are encrypted and it doesn't have a backup, it can't function.
Third, as a white paper by ICIT (Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology) noted, the ransom demanded is generally not a crippling amount. For individuals, it tends to be a few hundred dollars in Bitcoin. “From law enforcement's perspective, a home burglary results in greater loss than a singular ransomware attack,” the report said, which means law enforcement will rarely devote “significant resources” to investigating it.
According to ICIT, Joseph Bonavolonta, the Boston-based head of the FBI's CYBER and Counterintelligence Program, got into trouble with Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) in October 2015 when they said, "To be honest, we often advise people just to pay the ransom."
After Wyden complained, the FBI “clarified” that its position was, “only to pay the ransom if mitigation steps failed and the only other option was to lose the files.”
Those factors, which all contribute to the success rate of ransomware attacks, are some of the same reasons victims are motivated to pay – they are desperate to recover their files, and they can afford the price more easily than they can afford to lose their files.
Of course, there is plenty of logic behind the FBI's arguments as well. The primary one is that paying simply makes the problem greater – the more criminals make, the more they will attack.
The bureau and others also note that there is no guarantee that criminals will produce an encryption key once the ransom is paid, or get rid of the malware on the device, meaning a victim could get victimized again.
Krebs said victims do have options, even if they don't have a current backup. They recommended contacting two websites – No More Ransom and Bleeping Computer – which provide free solutions to at least some ransomware variants.
Krebs said No More Ransom, which is backed by security firms and cybersecurity organizations in 22 countries, had saved 6,000 victims of ransomware more than $2 million by December 2016.
But that statistic, say other experts, shows that while it is a laudable initiative, it is unlikely to slow the explosive growth of ransomware – $2 million is barely a rounding error in the total being collected by cyber criminals.
“Resources like No More Ransom are great, but unfortunately they are a drop in the ocean,” said Ilia Kolochenko, CEO of High-Tech Bridge.
 They are just one of many experts who say the only really effective way to deal with ransomware is to prevent it. They called it, “somewhat similar to AIDS – it's relatively easy to prevent it, but only when it's not too late.”
Stu Sjouwerman, CEO of KnowBe4, has a similar message. “In principle, don't pay because that encourages the criminal business model,” they said, “but in practice, it's not that easy.”
They said for most organizations, it comes down to a cost/benefit calculation. “It becomes a no-brainer if you are faced with a failed backup and more than a month of lost data that could shut you down.”
And Ed Cabrera, chief cybersecurity officer at Trend Micro, also noted the divide between what should happen and what does happen. “The consensus is clear that paying ‘should' never be an option,” they said. “However, as companies fail to plan, they are planning to fail when it comes to ransomware attacks. This is obviously a very lucrative business in the Deep Web and is only going to continue evolving to different file types and systems that are very important to companies and consumers.”
It is pretty clear that many organizations are failing to plan, which is somewhat of a mystery, since the ways to prevent ransomware are fairly straightforward and widely publicized, including on the FBI website.
The most important, of course, is to back up data regularly, and secure the backups – don't leave them connected to the computers and networks they are backing up – so they can't also be infected by an attack. Beyond that, experts say organizations should:
Disable macro scripts
Install all updates and patches – especially for buggy programs like Adobe Flash or Java
Set antivirus and antimalware solutions to update automatically
Only download software – especially free software – from known and trusted sites
Train employees – emphasize that they should never open an attachment in an unsolicited email.
Krebs has their own Three Rules of Online Security:
If you didn't go looking for it, don't install it. If you installed it, update it. If you no longer need it (or, if it's become too big of a security risk) get rid of it.
So, why don't more people follow that advice – especially organizations that could be crippled or taken down by ransomware?
It is not just a matter of being lazy, according to Sjouwerman. “The reality is that many IT departments are undermanned, overloaded, and coping with 16 fires at the same time,” they said. “The problem is that as a defender you need to be right 100% of the time, and as an attacker only once.
And even doing the right thing doesn't always work. “Weapons-grade backups are paramount, but backups fail much more frequently than you think,” they said.
Wueest said sometimes it comes down to denial. They said while best practices can prevent most threats, “some companies do not plan for ransomware attacks or do not test these scenarios in their security process, as they wrongly believe it cannot happen to them.”
The bottom line – ransomware succeeds because potential victims make it easy to succeed. And once the files lacking any backup are locked, there are very few options.
“The root (ransomware) tactics still remain simple and easy to defend against,” Cabrera said. “But despite this, companies continue to fail to develop and deploy a multi-layered security defense.”
This story, "Too many victims say yes to ransomware" was originally published by CSO.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A son of Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has been killed in Syria.
"Hudayfah al-Badri...the son of the Caliph...was killed in an operation against the Nusayriyyah and the Russians at the thermal power station in Homs," a statement on the group's news channel read.
The word Nusayriyyah refers to Syria's Alawite community.
Despite numerous reports of their own death, Al-Baghdadi remains at large, despite repeated attempts by both the Americans and the Russians to kill him.
The latest, unconfirmed, reports place them at Qaim, in Iraq.
Their commanders are now reportedly deploying to areas from where they had fled during the coalition's aerial campaign.
(Image: US DEPARTMENT OF STATE)
Reuters, quoting tribal sources in Iraq, have previously reported Baghdadi has three wives - two Iraqis and one Syrian.
The Iraqi Interior Ministry has said that al-Baghdadi has two wives, Asma Fawzi Mohammed al-Dulaimi and Israa Rajab Mahal A-Qaisi.
According to a reporter for the Guardian, al-Baghdadi married in Iraq around the year 2000 after finishing their doctorate. The son of this marriage was 11-years-old in 2014.
Al-Baghdadi is rumoured to have styled themselves after the first caliph, Abu Bakr, who led the "Rightly Guided" or Rashidun.
In June 2014, they were elected head of ISIS, or ISIL.
Three years before, in October 2011, the United States added them to the Specially Designated Nationals List and announced a reward of up to $10million US dollars for information or intelligence that would lead to their capture or death.
In December 2016, the US increased that figure to $25million US dollars, equal to the reward offered for the capture or death of al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri.
The researchers involved in the state-by-state study attribute the seemingly narcissistic behaviour of residents to a few factors: that state history is often drilled into residents in school, that people are bad at math when it comes to estimating with small numbers, and a psychological tendency in people to think of themselves as better than average and to associate themselves with successful groups.
In a second study also published last month, some of the same researchers applied this approach on a global scale, asking residents in 35 countries how much their nation contributed to world history.
The results showed an even stronger phenomenon of collective narcissism at play. With 195 countries in the world, residents in every country surveyed had astronomically high estimations of their role in world history.
Even the residents in the lowest-ranked country, famously neutral Switzerland, believed on average that their nation contributed 11.3 per cent to global events.
Relatively small countries had outsize estimations of their importance. Malaysians believed they contributed 49 per cent of the world's history. Portugal said 38 per cent and Canada 40 per cent.
Perhaps surprisingly, the United States — the world's leading power in recent decades — landed in the middle of the pack, with a self-rating of 29.6 per cent, behind Peru, Bulgaria and Singapore.
The leading narcissist in the world, according to the study, was Russia, whose residents on average believed their country contributed 60.8 per cent of the world's history
That remarkable result parallels other studies of Russia in the past decade. James Wertsch, an anthropologist and expert on collective memory, compared how differently Russians and Americans viewed their contributions to the Second World War. When asked to name the most important events of that war, American students consistently listed Pearl Harbor and D-Day. By contrast, Russian students named events such as the Battle of Stalingrad and the Battle of Moscow. There was almost no overlap between the two groups.
In recent years, psychologists have become increasingly interested in the intersection of collective memory, narcissism and the way it plays out in the real world.
"On some level, you could say this narcissism and collective memory is bad because it can promote racism, nationalism, xenophobia," said William Hirst, a psychologist at The New School in New York, who was not involved in the two new studies. "You might ask why Mother Nature even gave us this kind of memory. But there are advantages to it, as well. It is what promotes common understandings of our past, what grounds our identity as a country or people."
South Korea's Naver Corp to open a startup incubator in Paris
PARIS, June 15 South Korea's Naver Corp plans to open a startup incubator in the new Paris mega-campus for start-ups 'Station F' that has been funded by billionaire Xavier Niel, said Fleur Pellerin, founder of venture capital investor Korelya Capital.
Backlinks play a critical role in search engine optimization. Google looks not only at the number of backlinks you have but also at the sites they're from. If the website of a thought leader includes a link to your site, then it will have a positive impact on your SEO.
Backlinks from non-credible sites aren't worth anything and usually involve black-hat tactics, so we'll skip over them. Instead, we'll explain why you need backlinks and how you can get them.
Why you need backlinks
Believe it or not, there's a great degree of control businesses have in regard to SEO. No, they can't change Google's algorithm directly, but they can optimize several elements on their sites to get a better ranking.
There's just one problem — everyone can do it. You're not going to run a revolutionary campaign by making sure your pages have a title and description.
Instead, you need something to stand out, and that's what backlinks provide. Acquiring them is a way to differentiate yourself from competitors once and for all.
Great content gets backlinks from great sites
The thing is, getting backlinks from high-quality sites is hard. They're careful about who they link to, so you have to really do your homework to make a good impression.
This Forbes article explains that it all comes down to creating high-quality content. According to the article, there are some minor technical tips that can help you achieve this:
“The final piece of SEO comes down to creating high quality content. Technically, this means keeping your keyword density between 2% and 4% in each post, and include images and videos whenever possible. The last “big” technical tip is to encourage other sites to link back to your posts, which helps build domain authority.”
If your keyword density is out of whack, it sends a negative indicator out to Google and other sites. Likewise, adding images and videos to your site can help create a better content mix.
But in the end, you really just need amazing content. Any business can adjust its keyword density and add visual content, but only one company can be considered the thought leader of the industry.
Who should be writing this great content, anyway?
All this talk of great content begs the question: who should be creating it, anyway? The obvious answer is to let the owner write it since they know the most about the industry. But they often don't have enough time for writing blogs.
The next option is to hire a copywriter, but they don't know the first thing about SEO. Those minor details like keyword density and page descriptions can all come back to haunt you if your copywriter completely ignores them.
We'll just come out and say that the solution definitely isn't to hire an SEO to write for you. That's just … bad. Remember, high-quality content wins.
This Search Engine Land article offers the best compromise. According to the article, you need a writer to write your content and an SEO to optimize it:
“When it comes to the content portion of the optimization process, the SEO should be in charge of keyword research and selection. It is not the copywriter's job to go out and do hours worth of in-depth keyword research, or to necessarily be responsible for selecting which keywords should be targeted for any given page. The job of the copywriter is to integrate the keywords provided by the SEO into the content. The SEO hands the list of keywords to the copywriter, and the copywriter edits, tweaks, rewrites, and adjusts the content accordingly.”
Sounds simple, but most businesses haven't gotten this far yet.
Yes, you need to cover both sides of the equation to have high-quality content that's optimized for Google. That alone should be enough to get some backlinks, which will then increase your site ranking. The trouble for most small business owners is that they don't have the time to invest in not only understanding search engine optimization but then also reaching out to hundreds of bloggers in order to get a small handful to say YES to creating that digital backlink connection.
To talk more about search engine optimization, or anything else, contact us today.
The post How to Get Backlinks from Great Webites appeared first on Bash Foo.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The father of three women abused by a US gymnastics team doctor Larry Nassar lunged at them during their sentencing hearing earlier today.
Randall Margraves attacked Nassar during the sentencing hearing today after asking the judge if they could have "five minutes in a locked room with this demon".
The judge said they could not allow that and then they asked for a minute, they also declined.
But then the father ran and lunged at Nassar saying: "I want that son of a b****. Give me one minute with him."
They were tackled to the ground by police while shouting "Let me at him" as they reached their arms out to grab Nassar.
Earlier this week the disgraced gymnastics doctor was told by Judge Rosemarie Aquilina: “I just signed your death warrant,” as they jailed them for up to 175 years for sexually assaulting young women and girls - on top of a 60-year sentence for child pornography charges.
The judge has now decided Mr Margraves will not face charges for the attempted assault.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: WILX-TV)
(Image: REUTERS)
Footage of the incident has emerged which shows the girl's father struggling on the courtroom floor while officers pin them to the ground and ask them to "put their arms behind theirs back".
Another then comes over and brings out some handcuffs while they can be heard saying: "Give me one minute with that b*****."
It takes six people to bring the situation under control as the stunned courtroom looks on in silence.
Assistant Attorney General, Angela Povilaitis told the gallery: "You cannot behave like this.
"This is them having power over us."
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Randall Margraves was taken into police custody after the outburst as people were seen crying in the gallery.
After a brief break the Judge Cunningham said: "What happened in the courtroom was scary."
Adding: "What Mr Nassar did is horrible but please let the criminal justice system do what it is supposed to do."
Margraves attack happened just after their daughters Lauren and Madison Rae had finished speaking.
Their third daughter Morgan had read their victim impact statment during Nassar's Ingham County sentencing.
The punishment announced earlier this week brought an end to the seven-day hearing that heard testimonies from more than 150 victims.
Nassar, who trained Olympians in their role at Michigan State University and USA Gymnastics, apologised to their victims who they said had "shaken me to my core" on Wednesday before they were sentenced.
They said: "Your words have had a significant emotional effect to myself and shaken me to my core. ... an acceptable apology to all of you is impossible to write or say.
"I will carry your words with me for the rest of my days."
Judge Aquilina told him: “Sir, I hope that — sir. I hope you are shaken to your core. Your victims are clearly shaken to the core.
(Image: WILX-TV)
(Image: WILX-TV)
(Image: WILX-TV)
“I just signed your death warrant.” Addressing the victims later, the judge said: “You are no longer victims. You are survivors. You're very strong.”
The judge also dismissed Nassar's claims of remorse and read aloud portions of a letter the disgraced doctor wrote them after their guilty plea, which suggested their victims "fabricated" allegations to gain money and fame.
Nassar alleged their actions were medical, not sexual, in nature.
More than 160 of Nassar's victims - including Olympic gold medalists - spoke at their sentencing hearing in Ingham County Circuit Court in Lansing since it began on January 16.
The last victim to testify on Wednesday, Rachael Denhollander, was the first to come forward publicly with allegations against Nassar.
(Image: REUTERS)
They reported them to Michigan State University police in 2016 and told their story to the Indianapolis Star.
They testified Nassar began abusing them in 2000 when they were a 15-year-old gymnast.
"As we were being sexually violated, Larry was sexually aroused by our humiliation," Denhollander said.
Judge Aquilina, who has expressed support for the victims, told Denhollander they had "started the tidal wave."
"You are the bravest person I have ever had in my courtroom," the judge said.
Nassar pleaded guilty in November to seven counts of first-degree sex assault in Ingham County and previously apologised in court for their crimes.
As part of a deal with Michigan authorities, they also pleaded guilty to three additional counts in Eaton County.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dads can sometimes be overlooked when it comes to finding that special gift for Christmas.
Whether it's dodgy slippers, boring socks or yet another mug, they tend to get the rough end of the festive stick. But why should they?
There are a wealth of perfect pressies made for dads out there - from state-of-the-art tech gadgets like Bluetooth speakers to an unconventional foodie subscription if they really fancies themselves as a bit of a dab hand in the kitchen.
If you've no idea where to start your search, keep reading, and if you want to find more Christmas gift ideas for the rest of the family we've got that covered too with guides on gifts for mum, teenagers and top toys for kids, plus top tips on how to make homemade presents if you're feeling thrifty.
Top gifts under £50
1. David Bowie: A Life, The Book People, £6.99
(Image: thebookpeople.co.uk)
Dylan Jones biography on one of our most treasured musical icons, 'David Bowie: A Life' is a collection of thoughts and interviews with those who knew them best, and even includes snippets from the man himself.
Covering the Starman's illustrious life and career, it'll make the perfect present for music mad dads.
Get your father one of their favourite festive alcohols, in a stunning limited edition lantern tin, inspired by Courvoisier's Parisian heritage.
The tin transforms into two candleholders once you've taken out the 70cl bottle they can work their way through on Christmas evening, and you can pick it up from most major supermarkets including Tesco, Waitrose and Sainsbury's.
(Image: tesco.com)
If dad likes their hops, then why not treat them to this Brewdog gift set? It comes with Brewdog's best selling Punk IPA and a glass which holds just the right amount beer. At £6.00 its a steal too.
(Image: Argos)
Who doesn't love the retro Sega classics like Sonic the Hedgehog. This compact console will keep any big kid occupied for hours - which means you won't have to fight for the remote on Christmas Day. #Winning.
(Image: waterstones.com)
'Ali: A Life' is the most comprehensive and definitive biography of Muhammad Ali that has ever been published.
Based 'on more than 500 interviews with those who knew them best', it charters their life and career. They won't be able to put it down.
(Image: notonthehighstreet.com)
Cooking fanatics will love this fun and unconventional gift from The Spicery.
Featuring spices, it's the perfect present for keen cooks. Each subscription box contains a supply of unusual and adventurous spices from all over the world to make an exotic meal for four people - so you won't have to worry about boring family dinners for a while.
7. Haig Club Whisky, 31 Dover, £39.95
(Image: 31dover.com)
If dad's a whisky fan, this stylish little number should do the trick.
With flavours of butterscotch and toffee, this single grain whisky is developed in partnership with David Beckham and Haig Whisky - making it the perfect present for football fans and whisky drinkers alike.
8. Twickenham Stadium Tour, Virgin Experience Days, £40
(Image: virginexperiencedays.co.uk)
Got a serious rugby fan on your hands? Then why not send them off to tour the home of rugby in England.
This Twickenham Stadium tour for two adults tour includes a 75 minute walk around the famous grounds, entrance to the World Rugby Museum and a special experience gift pack.
9. Personalised Pint Glass, Getting Personal, £9.99
Treat dad to something he'll treasure forever, this personalised pint glass from Getting Personal will be their new favourite glass and you can add an extra special date or message to give it that unique and sentimental touch.
(Image: Â©Frasershot Studios 2017)
This Kentucky Bourbon is perfect if you want to try something a bit different. It's recently been voted the Most Important Bourbon ever made, by an esteemed panel of whisky experts, writers and distillers. It's a premium bourbon whisky with caramel and vanilla notes which is perfect for Christmas tipples.
Top gifts for £50+
(Image: www.robertwelch.com)
A new set of knives always go down well with any man who thinks he's the next Masterchef.
This Robert Welch kit includes a 10cm paring knife and Cooks knife - so they can give Gordon Ramsey a run for their money with their cutting skills this Christmas.
(Image: Pretty Green)
Inspired by music legend John Lennon this timeless classic accessory is perfect if your old man has impeccable style.
Crafted from super soft suede and finished with a cotton cord trim, polished studs and lined in Pretty Green's iconic paisley - we're mad for it!
3. JBL Flip 3 Portable Bluetooth Wireless Speaker, Currys PC World, £64.99
This JBL Portable Speaker is purse friendly but still packs punches in terms of audio quality. The all-weather, all–purpose design is splash proof and ideal for any man on the go.
Just connect to your device and you're ready to go.
4. Amazon Prime subscription, Amazon, £79 for a year
(Image: Amazon)
Amazon Prime offers a plethora of services from unlimited streaming of over 15,000 films and top shows like The Grand Tour and Mr Robot as well as speedy one-day delivery and exclusive discounts throughout the year.
This is the ultimate gift of convenience for the man who has everything else.
(Yonhap)
South Korean businesses operating in China suffered falls in sales for the first three months of the year due to the soured ties between the two countries, a report showed Tuesday.According to a survey by the Korea Institute of Industrial Economics and Trade, an index for companies' sales performance logged 78 for March, down from 102 in the previous quarter.An index reading below 100 suggests there are a larger number of companies with negative views or outlook about their performance, while a figure higher than that means vice versa.The institute surveyed a total of 218 companies running businesses in Beijing across seven industries from March 2 to 31.Automakers' views on their sales plummeted to 36 during the first quarter of this year from 138 in the fourth quarter of 2016, showing toughened conditions for foreign carmakers in the country.Korea's Hyundai Motor and Kia Motors saw a combined 52 percent slide in their March sales in China.“We've seen a drop in recent sales in China as consumer sentiment towards Korean products is low while local competitors initiated strong promotions,” said Hyundai in a statement.Some say that backlash over the deployment of a US missile shield in Korea is denting the sales of the Korean carmakers amid heightened competition with Chinese automakers.In the survey, the companies cited increasing competition with their Chinese counterparts as one of the difficulties. They also said they faced tighter regulations than the previous quarter, especially on environmental and safety conditions.Retailers said customs and tariff rules were stricter than before.More than 80 percent of the retail businesses said they are feeling the impact of bilateral relations over the THAAD deployment.“There were increased regulations and crackdowns on Korean companies since the relations got worse,” said one of the respondents.An overall outlook for business for the next three months stood at 89, a slight increase from 80 in the first quarter, the survey showed.“Many companies have forecast that conditions wouldn't improve much in the next quarter,” said a researcher at KIET.By Song Su-hyun (song@heraldcorp.com)
Arizona #RedforEd teacher rally at state Capitol Anna Cicero, (center left) a teacher and school counselor at Mesa Public Schools, waves an Arizona flag, as Julie Cieniawski, (center right) a teacher at Scottsdale Unified School District, holds a sign at a RedForEd rally at the Arizona Capitol in Phoenix on the second day of the Arizona teacher walkout on Friday, April 27, 2018. 01 / 55 Anna Cicero, (center left) a teacher and school counselor at Mesa Public Schools, waves an Arizona flag, as Julie Cieniawski, (center right) a teacher at Scottsdale Unified School District, holds a sign at a RedForEd rally at the Arizona Capitol in Phoenix on the second day of the Arizona teacher walkout on Friday, April 27, 2018. 01 / 55
asset not included because it is a duplicate of primary asset
PHOENIX — Several red billboards across the Phoenix area have a message for Arizona teachers.
"Your future is in a Fort Worth classroom."
The Fort Worth Independent School District is recruiting local educators, weeks after the historic #RedForEd walkout attracted more than 50,000 protesters and impacted 850,000 students.
"It just shows what so many educators already know — that we are undervalued and underpaid in Arizona," Noah Karvelis, a #RedForEd and Arizona Educators Untied organizer, told The Arizona Republic.
Kirstie Rylon, a teacher with the Paradise Valley Unified School District, takes home $970.51 every two weeks. They brought a paycheck stub and W2 to prove it. #Red4Ed @azcentral pic.twitter.com/LRBYWOgGb8 — Cydney Henderson (@CydHenderson) May 2, 2018
One element on the five billboards across the Phoenix metro area distinctively stands out.
"Teacher starting salary at $52,000."
"That's nearly 20,000 (dollars) more than I made in my first year in Arizona," Karvelis said. "That's why we have a teacher crisis. ... People simply can't afford to teach here any longer."
The number shows the pay disparity between Arizona teachers and neighboring states. The frustration about low teacher pay and the desperate need for student funding led to the six-day #RedForEd walkout.
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey signed a state budget earlier this month that included nearly $273 million aimed at giving teachers pay raises. It came after nearly 13 hours of debate in the state House and Senate.
But the future of Arizona teachers remains unclear.
"Every year we lose incredible teachers to places like Fort Worth because we don't pay our teachers what they deserve," Karvelis added.
Dave Price, a social studies teacher at Mesa Public Schools, holds sign during a rally during the sixth day of the Arizona teacher walkout at Wesley Bolin Memorial Plaza near the Arizona state Capitol in Phoenix on Thursday, May 3, 2018. Today will likely be the final day of the walkout as Governor Ducey signed an education funding bill into law early Thursday morning.
David Wallace/The Republic
The Fort Worth Independent School District started the campaign Monday with plans to keep the electronic billboards up for a month.
"Our goal isn't to steal teachers," Fort Worth school district spokesperson Clint Bond told The Republic. "Our goal is to let people know there is another option."
The Forth Worth district did a similar campaign in Oklahoma earlier this month following the state's own teacher protests and walkouts, which led to several new hires.
"We decided that was the kind of passion, dedication and commitment in the teachers we want to hire," Bond said when discussing the Oklahoma teacher walkouts.
Arizona is no different. Bond told The Republic that district officials weren't planning on recruiting in Phoenix until the historic rally took place.
"If you want to work where your dedication is appreciated and where you will have the tools needed to improve student achievement, then we want to talk with you," Forth Worth Superintendent Kent Scribner, who is a former Phoenix union leader said in a news release.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Related Coverage Meet the woman behind the White House Easter Egg Roll
WASHINGTON (AP) — Opening their first White House Easter Egg Roll, President Donald Trump extolled the strength of America as thousands of kids, and some adults, reveled in the time-honored tradition of rolling hard-boiled eggs across the manicured lawn in their back yard.
“This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it, 139,” Trump said Monday, welcoming families to the annual event, which was dampened by intermittent rain. “And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track,” they said, speaking of the nation's strength under fewer than 100 days of their leadership.
Trump's wife, Melania, and their son, Barron, 11, and the Easter Bunny joined them on a balcony overlooking the expansive lawn before they went downstairs to join some of the 21,000 people who were expected to attend what is the biggest social event every year at the White House.
Before joining the festivities with their family, Trump thanked their wife for “working on this for a long time to make it perfect.”
There was, however, some speculation about whether the Trumps would be able to pull off a successful “egg-stravaganza.” Planning seemed to get off to a late start, with the Trumps taking longer than in previous years to announce Monday's date.
Both Trump and the first lady have been slow to fill White House jobs, and at least one regular egg roll vendor took to Twitter, the president's favorite social medium, to remind the White House that a deadline for ordering the wooden eggs that are given out as souvenirs was approaching.
But the egg rolling event, which dates to 1878, wouldn't be made to disappear. It was just made smaller, down from the 35,000 people who got tickets last year, but retaining such activities as a reading nook, an area to send messages to U.S. troops and an entertainment stage.
“As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us,” the first lady said.
Moments later, Trump blew a whistle three times, each time sending groups of youngsters scurrying to deftly use a wooden spoon to maneuver their dyed egg several yards across the finish line. He, the first lady and Barron also joined kids at a table to color cards to send to U.S. service members.
Trump's older sons, Don Jr. and Eric, and their wives, and daughter Tiffany also attended.
Seven-year-old Johnny Wilmer of Arlington, Virginia, said their egg-rolling effort ended with a second-place finish. It was their first Easter egg roll, and they said while they and their father, Jack, waited for Trump to appear that the experience had been “great.”
Over at the reading area, Mrs. Trump read “Party Animals,” a story about celebrating differences written by television personality Kathie Lee Gifford.
Costumed characters roaming the grounds included Elmo from “Sesame Street,” Dr. Seuss' Cat in the Hat, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and some of the Racing Presidents, who are mascots for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball.
Ariana Grande may have no tears left to cry, but their upcoming album, Sweetener, just might make listeners shed a few. The singer is on the cover of The FADER's Summer Music Issue, and in an interview with the magazine published Wednesday, Grande said their new album is their most emotional yet.
Sweetener, Grande's fourth album, is due out in July, and they told the publication that, while they liked the material they were singing in the past, they never felt as connected to the songs as they do now. They said,
“I've always just been like a shiny, singing, 5-6-7-8, sexy-dance… sexy thing. But now it's like, 'OK … issa bop — but issa message. Issa bop but also has chunks of my soul in it. Here you go. Also, I cried 10 hundred times in the session writing it for you. Here is my bleeding heart, and here is a trap beat behind it.' There's definitely some crying-on-the-dancefloor stuff on this one.”
That tension between happy and sad is evident on lead single, "No Tears Left To Cry," as Grande sings,
"Ain't got no tears in my body
I ran out, but boy, I like it
Don't matter how, what, where, who tries it
We're out here vibin'"
ArianaGrandeVevo on YouTube
The music video for that song featured a subtle homage to the victims of the 2017 bombing in Manchester, where Grande was playing a concert. The attack killed 22 people and wounded 59 others, according to the New York Times.
Toward the end of the video, a bee flies across the screen, and as the Manchester Evening News reported, the insect has long been a symbol of the city. Grande even got a tattoo of a bee following the attack, according to Us Weekly.
Grande, who returned to Manchester weeks after the bombing and organized a benefit concert for the victims that featured artists like Miley Cyrus and Coldplay, told The FADER that they still find the tragedy difficult to discuss. They explained,
"I guess I thought with time, and therapy, and writing, and pouring my heart out, and talking to my friends and family that it would be easier to talk about, but it's still so hard to find the words. When you're so close to something so tragic and terrifying and opposite of what music and concerts are supposed to be, it kind of leaves you without any ground beneath your feet."
Getty Images/Getty Images Entertainment/Getty Images
According to the magazine, much of Sweetener — which features production from Pharrell Williams and Max Martin — was recorded after the attack, and finds Grande at their most vulnerable, singing about their struggles with anxiety attacks and heartbreak. They told the publication that their close connection with their fans gave them the courage to open up.
"There are parts of my life that they would love to know about," they said, "and hard times that I have been dealing with for the past year-and-a-half that they deserve to know about because they love me endlessly and care. I don't want to hide any pain from them because I can relate to their pain. Why not be in it together?"
However, Grande also said that they found happiness through the process. "I guess I was kind of running on zero and pretending to be at a 10 for about 10 months," they said. "It took me getting to, I deserve to be at a 10, and f*ck it, and let's f*cking go, and now I feel so free and happy as f*ck."
Ready your best dance moves and go ahead and grab some tissues, because Sweetener will be released on July 20.
Do You Prefer Poison or Antidote? by Gary Christenson – Deviant Investor
The official U.S. national debt, ignoring off-balance sheet liabilities, unfunded liabilities, “missing money” and fudging was:
Sept. 30, 2016 $19.573 trillion
October 2, 2017 $20.347 trillion
One year increase $0.774 trillion, or $774,000,000,000
Convert those excess expenses to $20 bills (from the ATM). That makes 38.7 billion $20 dollar bills. Each bill weighs 1 gram. The paper bills representing the one-year increase in the national debt weigh about 38,000 metric tons.
Thirty-eight thousand tons of toxic currency are fed into the economy each year. They devalue the dollar, create more unpayable debt, and add to the leverage and inevitable future crisis that Congress refuses to recognize or discuss.
DEBT INCREASES! SO WHAT?
Government interest paid on that debt has increased to half a trillion dollars per year, even with interest rates at multi-generational lows. Half a trillion bucks could be used elsewhere. More dollars are fed into the economy, into Wall Street, and into “dark pools” of currency that drive the derivatives markets, push stock indices to all-time highs, cryptocurrencies into bubbles, and create multi-generational lows in interest rates. Consumer prices rise as ever-increasing debt adds currency in circulation far more rapidly than the economy grows. If your wealth ranks in the top few percent, you don't care. For the rest of us who don't have a “go-to” lobbyist or Congressperson on speed dial… we care. As margin debt, total debt, corporate buybacks, and unsustainable stock markets sky-rocket higher, the economy becomes more fragile and less able to absorb shocks. Shocks include: Bursting bubbles, nations at war, currency crash, and floods, hurricanes and wildfires that destroy homes, cities and wealth. Massive and unpayable U. S. debt aggravates problems, reduces options, and leaves the country more vulnerable to shocks.
$20 trillion in official debt, rapidly approaching $30 and $40 trillion, is a problem—a huge toxic problem. The U. S. government will add another $ trillion of new debt each year for several years. But, as they say, “The piper must be paid.”
Last year the U.S. only increased national debt by three-quarters of a trillion dollars, the equivalent of 38,000 metric tons of twenty dollar bills. To counter that boat-load of poisonous debt, the U.S. used one tiny gram of antidote. Measured how?
ONE GRAM VERSUS 38,000 TONS!
The late Senator Everett Dirksen once said, “there's not a dime's worth of difference” between Democrats and Republicans. That was four decades ago.
2018 Interpretation: Each Democrat and Republican in the House (where the budget is approved) is worth less than a dime in terms of economic knowledge productively applied to benefit the U.S. economy.
Rationale:
If House members possessed real economic knowledge and acted upon that information, would the U.S. be over $20 trillion in debt?
The U.S. could use sound money, honest accounting and balanced budgets, but does not, because … well, you know why.
If House members followed the Constitution, money would be gold and silver, or convertible to gold and silver, instead of continuously devaluing paper and digital IOU's (debts or notes) issued by the Federal Reserve.
If House members wanted honest money, our budget, debt and financial system would work differently. However, they like the process, the perks, power, and the wealth our current system provides.
Therefore the value of their productive economic knowledge is minimal.
CALCULATION:
Each of the 435 members is worth a dime or less in economic knowledge, per the revised 2017 Dirksen interpretation.
Hence the 435 members of the House, based on their actions and results, are worth $40 in applied economic knowledge.
Forty dollars buys one gram of gold, which is real money, not the digital stuff that Congress and the Fed create and spend by the billions every day.
There you have it! The House added the equivalent of 38,000 tons of toxic twenty dollar bills to the national debt last year, but possesses the equivalent of a single gram of gold in their understanding of economic reality.
38,000 Tons of Poison, One Gram of Antidote!
CONCLUSIONS:
Congress members like posturing, payoffs, corruption, deficits, and ever-increasing debt.
Valuing the economic knowledge of the members of the House at one gram of gold is one interpretation from an “honest money” perspective. It may be high or low.
In contrast, the House members are skilled at “dialing for dollars,” soliciting contributions, selling a narrative, accepting donations from lobbyists, taking care of the 1%, supporting the 0.01%, increasing total debt, and making public announcements. “The show must go on.”
Because we have no reason to expect this process will change and trillions of reasons to believe it will continue, plan on ever-increasing debt, accelerating consumer price inflation, asset bubbles that implode and reflate, and reassuring speeches .
GOLD AND SILVER:
Gold and silver, ESPECIALLY SILVER, are undervalued and unappreciated in 2018. Attention goes to new highs in the Dow, NASDAQ, Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. The U.S. stock market has risen for nine years, while silver has fallen for seven years. A reversal is due and may have occurred by the time you read this, or it may occur later in 2018.
Silver, per the above graph, is undervalued compared to the NASDAQ. Other ratios between gold, the DOW, and the S&P 500 index show similar undervaluation for precious metals and excessive valuation for the stock market. Bitcoin is “off the charts.”
One example is Netflix stock, with a P/E (Feb. 2, 2018) per Yahoo of 212. (Yes, a three-digit P/E.)
Amazon has a P/E of 372 (as of Feb.2, 2018).
The chart of Bitcoin prices (not shown) makes the vertical moves enjoyed by Netflix and Amazon look sane and sensible. And yes, those three plus hundreds of stocks and cryptocurrencies can go higher. But they are in bubble territory and will crash, perhaps soon.
SILVER IS UNDER-VALUED. Lighten up on over-valued digital stuff and buy real silver. Do your own due diligence, but don't believe stocks or cryptocurrencies will rise forever.
Now, or soon, is a good time to cash out over-valued stocks and convert Bitcoin and other paper profits into something real – like silver bars and Eagles.
Gary Christenson
Sharing is caring!
OWEN SOUND -
Earl Georgas, a local business person and celebrated jazz drummer, died in Owen Sound hospital Friday morning after suffering a massive stroke at their cottage at Sauble Beach earlier in the week. Mr. Georgas was 88.
Cora Taylor-Georgas, their third wife, said the stroke dealt a sudden blow which left their husband's right side paralyzed and rendered them unable to speak. Over the past year he'd had to use a wheelchair, before and after a hip replacement.
"He was just so outgoing and so interested in everyone. And such a positive, positive person," they said Tuesday. They were so energetic too, which made their gradual decline over the past year difficult for him.
Mr. Georgas was the ninth of 10 children of Christos and Sadie Georgas, many of whom also gained public recognition through athletics, music and by simple force of character.
Everyone in the family helped out in the Owen Sound theatres the Georgases owned, the Classic and the Savoy. This began in the silent movie era and all the Georgas children except Earl Georgas played instruments in the orchestra which accompanied the movie, according to an online history of Mr. Georgas by local musician Al Walker.
Mr. Georgas continued working almost every evening until close in the early 1960s, taking tickets, sweeping floors, making popcorn, ushering and as a projectionist.
But music nourished their life and it was arguably what made them best known.
They were inspired to play drums after seeing a short film in their father's theatre about Gene Krupa, a flamboyant American jazz and big band performer, whose records they learned to play by.
One day, while working at an uncle's candy apple booth at the Ex in Toronto, they met Krupa, who was performing there in the early 1950s, Taylor-Georgas said.
"Earl snuck in and they hung around, gazing at Gene Krupa. And Gene Krupa said 'Well kid, you wanna be a drummer?' And they said 'Oh, yes.' So Gene Krupa gave them a pair of drumsticks, a pair of their drumsticks." It was a story Mr. Georgas loved to tell.
Mr. Georgas wintered in Florida for the past 20 years, where they sat in with other jazz players and became known in jazz circles there too.
Mr. Georgas was inducted into the Bruce Grey Music Hall of Fame in Hepworth in 2016, for their drumming in local jazz bands and teaching others how to drum.
Fred Parsons, who nominated him, played with Mr. Georgas with a number of their jazz bands over the past 38 years.
"He was just one of those people that just loved life and they loved music and they loved people. They encouraged everyone to be their best, always."
Their annual summer gig at the Fairy Lake pavilion at Southampton will go ahead July 15, at Mr. Georgas's wife's urging. Others who have played with Mr. Georgas are coming to turn the loss of Mr. Georgas into a celebration of their life.
Parsons snapped a photo of Mr. Georgas the day they were inducted in the local music hall of fame. He's shown smiling and wearing their trademark performer's hat and black T-shirt. "You can see right into their soul" in that photograph, Parsons remarked in an interview Tuesday.
The nomination said Mr. Georgas was "one of Ontario's top drummers and percussionists" whose career spanned well over 60 years.
They played with more than 40 bands, including the Lloyd Kibbler Orchestra, Empire Stove and Furnace Factory band, the Don Buchanan Orchestra and their own Georgas Alpha Jazz Band. Jazz was their thing, but they played rock, blues, country, calypso, polka and swing too.
They also taught more than 100 students to drum, including Lloyd Mercey of the Mercey Brothers, the seven-time Juno Award winners.
In business, Mr. Georgas ran Earl Georgas Ski Shop for many years until 2002. Once, while walking down a sidewalk in Athens, someone who recognized them told them their skis came from their shop.
Mr. Georgas was in the business of selling clothing, sporting goods and musical instruments for 52 years. Before Earl Georgas Ski Shop, they were in partnership with brothers Jim and Nick at Georgas Bros., then they ran the Bond clothiers.
He's in the Owen Sound Sports Hall of Fame twice: Once as a basketball player, with the OSCVI in the late 40s, then on the city men's league championship winner for 21 consecutive seasons, and second as a builder for work as a referee and sponsor.
Cremation has taken place. Mr. Georgas will be interred in their wife's family plot in Wingard, Sask., according to their wishes.
On July 8 there will be an Evensong Service and Prayers for the Dead, a visitation, at 7 p.m. at St. George's Anglican Church in Owen Sound. On July 9 a celebration of their life will be held at the church at 10:30 a.m.
A seat on IndiGo's Surat-Mumbai flight will cost Rs 2,199 onwards. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: Travelling to Gujarat's diamond hub Surat will be easier now. Budget carrier IndiGo (Interglobe Aviation Ltd) will soon start daily non-stop flights from different cities to Surat. According to IndiGo's website, Surat will be the airline's 56th destination and with effect from 16 August, it will start operating non-stop flights from Bengaluru, Delhi, Hyderabad, Jaipur and Mumbai. Fares start from Rs 1,999. Another budget carrier AirAsia India had also recently started daily Surat-Bengaluru flights.
IndiGo's Surat-Delhi flight will depart from 6.30 in the morning and return from Delhi at 22.10 every day. The daily Surat-Mumbai flight is in afternoon with fare beginning from Rs 2,199 while a return flight is in the evening.
Fares for Surat-Hyderabad flight in the evening daily starts from Rs 3,198 while the afternoon flights for Surat-Jaipur route starts from Rs 3,836.
IndiGo's flight in between Surat and Jaipur is only operational on Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
IndiGo's Surat-Bengaluru flight fares in the morning start from Rs 4,299. Flight operations on this sector is not available only on Tuesdays.
Known as India's diamond capital, Surat is the hub for diamond cutting and polishing and about 90% of the world's rough diamonds are processed here. Surat is home to about 4,500 diamond processing units.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The latest member of the Royal Family was born yesterday morning (April 23).
Prince William and their wife the Duchess of Cambridge Kate Middleton emerged from the Lindo Wing of St Mary's Hospital in Paddington cradling the baby boy just seven hours after giving birth.
The unnamed child is fifth in line to the throne, knocking Prince Harry down to sixth.
Born on St George's Day, the tot is the Queen's sixth great-grandchild.
(Image: PA)
Kate beamed as they walked down the steps of the private wing as a huge cheer went up from the crowds.
A professional lip reader has revealed this is what the couple said.
William: Are you OK with him?
Kate: Yeah.
William: Look, there they are. Over there. [They wave to the left]
Kate: Let's just wave over there. [They wave to the right]
Kate: Look, they are there. [They wave] It is a bit windy, eh? They might get cold. Let's go now.
William: Sure
Wearing a bright red dress by British designer Jenny Packham – the same designer they chose when they left hospital with George and Charlotte – Kate waved and looked up at the staff and patients peering out of the hospital buildings above.
The frock bore a resemblance to what Diana wore when they and Charles emerged from the Lindo Wing with newborn Prince Harry in 1984.
As the royal couple prepared to drive away from hospital with their newborn son, William joked about having their hands full.
The Duke held up three fingers to well-wishers, said “thrice worry now” and smiled warmly.
(Image: PA)
The baby's name was not revealed yesterday but William said “you'll find out soon” when asked what they planned to call him.
They added the family are “delighted” about the new arrival and the newborn's brother George, four, and sister Charlotte, two, are “very happy”.
Wills also joked about the departure from hospital, saying: “We didn't keep you waiting too long this time.”
The fight is expected to gross millions of dollars with Mayweather a solid favourite. Mayweather, 40, retired in 2015 with an unblemished 49-0 professional boxing record while boastful Irishman McGregor, 28, is the UFC's lightweight champion.
“IT'S OFFICIAL!!!” Mayweather wrote on their Twitter account alongside a short video that included still photos of both fighters.
“THE FIGHT IS ON,” McGregor tweeted minutes before Mayweather's post, trolling the boxer's age by posting an image of Floyd Mayweather, Sr., the boxer's father and longtime trainer, who's 64 years old.
THE FIGHT IS ON. pic.twitter.com/KhW0u3jRft — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) June 14, 2017
The two fighters have gone back and forth for nearly a year regarding a potential showdown with both men previously stating they each wanted $100 million (almost ₹642.7 crore) for the fight.
Mayweather is widely regarded as one of the best defensive fighters of all time, and prides themselves on their ability to evade punishment with their skilful movement about the ring while making adjustments against opponents on the fly. McGregor, the UFC's reigning lightweight champion and former featherweight champion, is known as much for their bravado as for their explosive knockout power inside an MMA octagon. The Irishman became the first UFC fighter to hold two belts simultaneously when they knocked out Eddie Alvarez in New York last November for the lightweight championship.
The UFC stripped McGregor of their featherweight belt shortly after that fight when they announced they would be taking some time off after they and long-time partner Dee Devlin had their first baby in May. Known for their devastating striking and highlight-reel knockouts, McGregor is also quick and irrational on their feet, but few would back them to beat one of the most complete boxers of all time.
UFC president Dana White told ESPN: “We've been in negotiations now for a while and to be honest the negotiation went smooth. We got the thing done. “The impossible deal is now done.”
White said the fight would be at 154lbs – light middleweight – and added: “It'll be in a ring, it's a boxing event.
“I talked to Conor McGregor this morning.  They are absolutely 100 per cent positive that they win this fight and I stopped doubting Conor McGregor a long time ago.
“Floyd Mayweather is 40 years old, he's always had problems with southpaws. Conor McGregor is 27 and they are a southpaw. Whenever Conor hits people, they fall.
“I'm not saying Conor McGregor's going to win. I'm not saying Floyd Mayweather's going to win. But the reason Conor McGregor's as big as they are he'll fight anybody, anywhere, anytime.
“He will go after Floyd Mayweather and they will try to knock them out.”
A win for Mayweather would move them ahead of former heavyweight great Rocky Marciano, who also retired with a perfect 49-0 career record.
NOW READ
The real-life diet of WWE star Jinder Mahal, who transformed themselves into a champion
Is Steph Curry's new Under Armour sneakers… good?
Meet the only two Indians in ESPN's top 15 athletes in the world
> More on Sports
This article originally appeared in gq.com.au
Up Next: Who Wore What | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
It looks like Christmas came a little early this year, because Gwen Stefani has a huge holiday-themed gift for their fans. The singer dropped a new album called You Make It Feel Like Christmas on Friday, and even though it's only October, we already have these songs on repeat.
The best part of the album? It's packed full of traditional holiday classics like "Silent Night" and "Let It Snow," but it also includes a few original songs written by Stefani ... that sound a lot like they're about their significant other, aka boyfriend Blake Shelton.
Gwen Stefani / Instagram
684xflex" align="left"]
Shelton themselves makes an appearance on the album in a duet called "You Make It Feel Like Christmas," but on the solo track "My Gift Is You," Stefani seems to sing from the heart.
“I can't wait to give all my lovin' to my best friend. All I want is you to take my love and give it back again,” they sing. "Need no money, don't need a thing. I don't even need a wedding ring. All I need is love and the truth, and I got it, my gift is you."
In another song "Never Kissed Anyone with Blue Eyes Before You," which Stefani also wrote, the singer delves into a romantic moment.
RELATED: Gwen Stefani Teases a "Big Announcement" in a Dress That Looks Like Them Wedding Gown
“This year I've got so much to celebrate. This Christmas is going to be the best that I've ever had,” they sing. “Now I've got you, everything's feeling brand new. I've never kissed anyone with blue eyes before you. I'm hearing silver bells when your lips do what they do.”
We think it's safe to say this album is a gift that keeps on giving. Stream songs from Stefani's album below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City have no intention of selling John Stones this summer.
Reports have claimed the Premier League champions would consider selling the England defender, whose game time in the second half of the season has been limited by injury and increased competition for places.
But it is understood City remain happy with the progress the 23-year-old centre-back has made under manager Pep Guardiola and do not want to lose him.
Stones, a £47.5million signing from Everton two years ago, impressed in the first half of City's title-winning campaign but has not featured regularly since suffering a hamstring injury in November.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Getty Images)
They have since had knee and concussion problems and is currently sidelined with an abductor strain. The £57million signing of Aymeric Laporte in January has also reduced opportunities.
Guardiola consistently speaks highly of Stones and expressed hope at the weekend they would be fit again before the end of the season.
They said: "Hopefully they can play the last games and get to the World Cup. I think they will be fine."
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — The Charlotte 49ers have hired Virginia associate head coach Ron Sanchez as their new coach.
Sanchez will be introduced at a news conference next week, the school announced Monday.
Sanchez has been an integral part of two-time national coach of the year Tony Bennett's staff for the last 12 years, helping build Washington State and Virginia into national powers.
Virginia lost Friday night to UMBC, becoming the first No. 1 seed to get upset by a 16 seed in the NCAA Tournament.
Sanchez has spent the last nine seasons with Virginia, including the past three seasons as associate head coach.
Charlotte fired coach Mark Price in the middle of last season. Houston Fancher served as interim coach, but they were not retained.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
By Steve Reed, The Associated Press
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The FA have been accused of inconsistency after Ahmed Hegazi went punished for an apparent punch on Danny Ings.
The West Brom defender had been fearing a three-match ban after TV pictures caught them appearing to strike the Liverpool frontman off the ball.
But an independent, three-man panel of ex-referees could not agree that there was a case to answer.
It comes days after Chelsea wing-back Marcos Alonso was retrospectively charged with violent conduct following an incident with Southampton's Shane Long.
Using the hashtag “consistency”, former Premier League referee Mark Halsey claimed Hegazi should have been charged in relation to football's Law 12 surrounding fouls and misconduct.
(Image: Sky Sports)
(Image: AFP)
They tweeted: “I think most people involved in football expected West Brom's Ahmed Hegazi to be charged with violent conduct.
“I am amazed that the panel of 3 ex-referee's couldn't agree, gentleman LAW12. Striking or attempting to strike an opponent is guilty of violent conduct.”
The suspension would have ended Hegazi's season.
Instead they are free to help their club's fight against relegation when they go to Newcastle on Saturday.
US makes new claims of WMD in Syria
By Rick Sterling
Global Research, February 03, 2018
It's WMD all over again.
Anonymous “US officials” are once again accusing a targeted “regime” of using “chemical weapons” and threatening that the U.S. military may have to “hold it accountable”. Once again, western media is broadcasting these accusations and threats without skepticism or investigation.
The Washington Post story is titled “Trump administration: Syria probably continuing to make, use chemical weapons”. Jane's Defence Weekly quotes a U.S. official saying “They clearly think they can get away with this ….”
Jerusalel Online says
“A US official says Syrian President Assad's forces may be developing new types of chemical weapons, which which could reach as far as the US..”
The Reuters story in the New York Times says
“US officials have said the Syrian government may be developing new types of chemical weapons, and President Donald Trump is prepared to consider further military action…. President Bashar al Assad is believed to have secretly kept part of Syria's chemical weapons stockpile….”
The Washington Post article concludes with the threat,
“If the international community does not take action now . . . we will see more chemical weapons use, not just by Syria but by non-state actors such as ISIS and beyond,” the first official said. “And that use will spread to U.S. shores.”
Based on a review of facts from recent history, it is very likely the story is false and is being broadcast to deceive the public in preparation for new military aggression. Anyone who thinks that politicians don't consider timing and marketing needs to only recall the statement of a GW Bush official that
“from a marketing point of view, you don't introduce new products in August.”
The “product” was the PR campaign to get the American public to accept the invasion of Iraq.
When is there going to be some accountability for the US military industrial complex and their political and media enablers and promoters?
The invasion of Vietnam with over 500 thousand US soldiers was preceded by the phoney Gulf of Tonknin incident where a US ship was supposedly attacked by a North Vietnamese vessel. It was untrue and President Johnson knew it. The resolution was passed unanimously (416-0) in the House and only Wayne Morse and Ernest Gruening had the integrity and insight to oppose it in the Senate. Was anyone ever held accountable for the lie that led to 55 thousand dead US soldiers and millions of dead Vietnamese? No.
The 1991 attack on Iraq and subsequent massacre of Iraqi soldiers and civilians was preceded by the fabricated testimony of the Kuwaiti Ambassador's daughter pretending to be a nurse who had witnessed Iraqi soldiers stealing incubators and leaving Kuwaiti babies on the floor. Were the marketing officials Hill & Knowlton and politicians such as Tom Lantos who managed this deceit ever held accountable? No.
In 2003 the US launched the invasion of Iraq leading to the death of over a million Iraqis based on the false and fabricated evidence provided by the CIA and uncritically promoted by the mainstream media. For example, Michael Gordon and Thomas Friedman promoted and lauded the invasion at the NY Times. Were they held to account? No, they carry right on to today.
In 2011 the US led NATO attacks on Libya with the stated purpose to “protect civilians” from massacre. This was explained and encouraged by journalists and pundits such as Nicholas Kristof and Juan Cole. NATO officials bragged about their operation. After the brief western euphoria, it became clear that the campaign was based on lies and the real result was an explosion of extremism, massacres and and chaos which continues to today. Accountability? None. One rarely hears about Libya today. Out of sight, out of mind.
In August of 2013 we heard about a massive sarin gas attack on the outskirts of Damascus. Human Rights Watch and others promoting a western attack quickly accused the Syrian government. They asserted that Assad had crossed Obama's “red line” and the US needed to intervene directly. Subsequent investigations revealed the gas attack was not carried out by the Syrian government. It was perpetrated by a Turkish supported terrorist faction with the goal of pressuring the Obama administration to directly attack Syria. Two Turkish parliamentarians presented evidence of Turkey's involvement in the transfer of sarin. Some of the best and most time-proven US investigative journalists, including Robert Parry and Seymour Hersh, researched and discovered the evidence points to Turkish supported “rebels” not Syria. Despite the factual evidence exposing the “junk heap” of false claims, mainstream media and their followers continue to assert that Assad committed the crime.
In April 2017 it was the same thing: US and allies made accusations which were never proven and ultimately discredited. The UN / OPCW investigation team never visited the scene of the crime. They discovered the curious fact that dozens of victims in multiple locations showed up at hospitals with symptoms of chemical injuries before the attack happened. This is strong evidence of fraud but that investigation was not pursued. With or without awareness of the deceit, Trump ordered missile strikes on a Syrian air base which killed 13 people including four children. Accountability? None.
Recently it has become clear that dark forces in the US government ad military do not intend to stop their efforts to destroy Syria. Despite confusion and contradictory claims in the US administration, a core fact is that the US is training and supplying a sectarian military militia inside northern Syria against the wishes of the Syrian government. The US said they were in Syria to get rid of ISIS but now that ISIS is largely gone, the US military says it is not leaving. On the contrary, the US military helped escortISIS fighters from Raqqa to al Bukamal and the US is now training ISIS fighters to be reincarnated as yet another anti-Assad “rebel” force.
As always, US aggression needs some measure of political support. To gain that, they need a justification. Thus it's WMD all over again. Once again. the “bad guys” are using chemical weapons on their own people. Supposedly the Syrian government is incredibly stupid …. they just keep on using chemical weapons and giving the US a justification to act as judge, jury and executioner.
Most of the American public is too busy, distracted or overwhelmed with problems to investigate U.S. government claims. Mainstream media, including some alternative media, are failing badly. They are supposed to be holding government to account, critically questioning the assertions, investigating the facts, exposing contradictions and falsehoods. Along with the politicians and government, they have some responsibility for the ongoing wars and aggression. They all should be accountable. When is that going to happen?
*
Rick Sterling is an investigative journalist based in the San Francisco Bay Area. They can be reached at rsterling1@gmail.com
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Rick Sterling , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/when-is-there-going-to-be-accountability-for-us-wars-and-aggression/5628151
Vodafone and Virgin Media could exchange assets as more talks begin. What does this mean for Vodafone UK and Virgin Media?
Vodafone is holdings discussions with Virgin Media's parent company Liberty Global regarding a possible swap of telecoms assets.
Liberty Global owns a number of cable companies across Europe, including UPC, while Vodafone operates mobile networks in several countries.
The two firms first held talks in 2015 but resulted in no exchange of assets. However in 2016, the two agreed to merge their respective operations in the Netherlands in a bid to take on incumbent KPN.
Vodafone Virgin Media
“Vodafone confirms that it is in early stage discussions with Liberty Global regarding the potential acquisition of certain overlapping continental European assets owned by Liberty Global,” said a Vodafone spokesperson.
“There is no certainty that any transaction will be agreed, nor as to the terms, timing or form of any transaction.
“Vodafone is not in discussion with Liberty Global regarding a combination of both companies.”
It is unclear if the UK is a market under discussion.
Vodafone has only recently dipped its toes into the fixed broadband and television markets in the UK, while Virgin Media does not have a mobile network, instead relying on a long-standing MVNO agreement with EE.
Both parties might feel a merger would be beneficial given the trend towards convergence in the British communications sector and the increasing popularity of ‘quad-play' services. It would also be better equipped to compete with BT and EE on converged networks.
However since the last talks, Vodafone has launched is home broadband service and is working with CityFibre planned to bring fibre to the premise (FTTP) connectivity to a number of major UK cities. While this would not make any tie-up impossible, it would be more complicated than in 2015.
What do you know about Vodafone? Take our quiz!
We are sorry, but you cannot access the article/video/photo because you are not a subscriber. Click here to subscribe, or contact us at Pajhwok for more information.
Click Here For One Day Free Subscription
OK
We use cookies to help you get the best experience when using our site. By continuing to use this website, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
TORONTO — The interim leader of Ontario's Progressive Conservative Party says the Tories have just over 133,000 members — some 67,000 fewer than claimed by former leader Patrick Brown less than a month ago.
In an e-mail to the PC caucus obtained by The Canadian Press, Vic Fedeli says checks of the party's membership system this week turned up the discrepancy.
"Given recent events and current uncertainties, I want caucus and candidates to be provided added visibility into recent internal Party decisions and various facts as I understand them to be," Fedeli said in the email.
In a detailed timeline of the events following Brown's sudden resignation on Jan. 25, Fedeli said party IT workers shut down the Tories' membership management system to protect member information.
"This was the right decision to take at the time, notwithstanding the fact it was done without the explicit support of the then-Executive Director," Fedeli said. "I already have thanked our IT officials for the initiative and courage they showed to protect the Party."
In early January, Brown said the party's membership had swollen to more than 200,000 people across the province.
Fedeli said that while the system was down, the IT workers began to update the database with a variety of new information, including current Elections Ontario voters lists. They also ran all records through the National Change of Address database and sorted members according to 2017 riding boundaries.
"These important steps will ensure we have accurate riding information for the upcoming leadership race and the 2018 general election," Fedeli said.
After the updates, two subsequent reports from the database showed lower membership totals than the previously published figures, allowing Fedeli's office to "get a straight, unvarnished answer," they said.
Fedeli said their staff have also begun to review a number of financial arrangements the party had in place under the previous leader "with a view towards reducing unnecessary expenses."
Nevada guard Hallice Cooke (13) and forward Elijah Foster (12) celebrate at the end end of the second half of a second-round game against Cincinnati, in the NCAA college basketball tournament in Nashville, Tenn., Sunday, March 18, 2018. Nevada defeated Cincinnati 75-73. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey)
Nevada guard Hallice Cooke (13) and forward Elijah Foster (12) celebrate at the end end of the second half of a second-round game against Cincinnati, in the NCAA college basketball tournament in Nashville, Tenn., Sunday, March 18, 2018. Nevada defeated Cincinnati 75-73. (AP Photo/Mark Humphrey)
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - Nevada's Jordan Caroline sat in the Wolf Pack's locker room and shouted the three words that were being repeated in households across the country.
"What just happened?!?"
Only a comeback that matched the second-largest in NCAA Tournament history.
Nevada rallied from 22 points down in the final 11 minutes Sunday to stun No. 2 seed Cincinnati 75-73 and earn its second Sweet 16 appearance ever. Josh Hall converted an offensive rebound with 9.1 seconds left to make the tiebreaking basket and give Nevada its only lead of the night.
"It's such an unimaginable feeling," Caroline said.
The seventh-seeded Wolf Pack (28-7) move on to an all-upstart South Region semifinal matchup with 11th-seeded Loyola-Chicago (30-5) on Thursday night in Atlanta. Nevada's only previous regional semifinal appearance came in 2004.
Nevada earned its trip to Atlanta because Cody Martin led a comeback for the ages.
The only bigger comeback in NCAA history came in 2012, when BYU beat Iona after trailing by 25 points. Nevada's rally is tied for second place with Duke, which erased a 22-point deficit to beat Maryland in the 2001 Final Four.
"That locker room right now, I've never seen anything like it in my life," Nevada coach Eric Musselman said. "It's the happiest I've ever seen. It's the happiest I've ever been in my life."
While Nevada celebrated, Cincinnati's players stood silently in their locker room wondering how their defense that ranked second among all Division I teams allowed 32 points in the last 11 minutes. The Bearcats also failed to make a single basket in the final 5 minutes, 45 seconds.
Cincinnati forward Gary Clark, the American Athletic Conference player of the year, calmly answered questions for several minutes and blamed themselves for not beating Hall to the rebound that decided the game.
"I've probably got a million text messages saying you had a great year and career, but it comes down to that last rebound," said Clark, who had 11 points and 10 boards. "It could have gotten my team over the hump."
Hall instead got the rebound, made a move in the paint and put up a shot that hit the front rim, softly kissed the glass and went through the net.
"I saw an opening and tried to put as much touch on it as possible because of how close I was," said Hall, who scored 14 points.
Cincinnati's Cane Broome raced up the court, briefly lost control of the ball and then appeared to try putting up a shot that Nevada's Caleb Martin knocked away. Clark and Caroline then chased after the ball as the final seconds ticked away.
Once the final horn sounded, a jubilant Caroline slid toward midcourt while Clark lay on their back under the basket. Television cameras caught Musselman taking off their shirt as they headed into a boisterous locker-room celebration.
"It's crazy," Caleb Martin said. "Coach works out every morning, so their shirt comes off a lot. So I know he's definitely going to use this as an excuse to take it off, show a little bit of their muscle."
"Especially in March, you know that nobody's ever out," Clark said. "I think we're an example for many young people and many other teams in the tournament, that you can't let up at all. You've got to just figure out a way to get stops and get baskets."
Cody Martin led Nevada's furious rally by collecting 25 points, six rebounds and seven assists with no turnovers. Their twin brother Caleb tied the game by making a fadeaway 3-pointer from in front of Nevada's bench with 54 seconds left.
Nevada's rally came two days after the Wolf Pack erased a 14-point, second-half deficit to beat Texas 87-83 in overtime for its first NCAA Tournament victory since 2007.
Cincinnati (31-5) scored the game's first 10 points and was up 44-32 at halftime, the fifth straight time Nevada has trailed at the intermission. Cincinnati extended its advantage to 65-43 on Jarron Cumberland's basket with 11:37 left.
Nevada outscored Cincinnati 32-8 the rest of the way.
"Especially in March, you know that nobody's ever out," Clark said. "I think we're an example for many young people and many other teams in the tournament, that you can't let up at all. You've got to just figure out a way to get stops and get baskets."
BIG PICTURE
Nevada: Consider the Wolf Pack comeback kings. Nevada has trailed at halftime in five straight games and is still in the Sweet 16. Nevada eventually will have to start producing faster starts in order to keep advancing.
Cincinnati: The Bearcats won the American regular-season and tournament titles while tying a school single-season record for wins, but this second-round collapse seriously tarnishes what had been a special year. Jacob Evans II had 19 points and Cumberland had 17, but they combined for just eight in the second half.
NOTABLE NUMBERS
Cincinnati outrebounded Nevada 44-33 and outscored the Wolf Pack 20-9 in second-chance points but couldn't get that critical rebound with the game tied in the final minute. ... Nevada committed only two turnovers against one of the nation's stingiest defenses.
QUOTABLE
"We had a big lead," Cincinnati coach Mick Cronin said. "They gambled and just started trapping at halfcourt, gave us a lot of wide-open shots that we didn't make. And it got real, real physical around the rim, and I'll let you take it from there on that. When we had chances around the rim, it was unbelievable what was happening."
UP NEXT
Nevada is on to Atlanta.
Cincinnati has a long offseason ahead as it wonders how it let this game slip away.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
___
Follow Steve Megargee at https://twitter.com/stevemegargee
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
ANKARA/LONDON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Iran has suggested to six world powers that it may be open to talks about its ballistic missile arsenal, seeking to reduce tension over the disputed programme, Iranian and Western officials familiar with the overtures told Reuters.
Tehran has repeatedly vowed to continue building up what it calls defensive missile capability in defiance of Western criticism, with Washington saying the Islamic Republic's stance violates its 2015 nuclear deal with the powers.
But the sources said that given U.S. President Donald Trump's threats to ditch the deal reached under their predecessor Barack Obama, Tehran had approached the powers recently about possible talks on some “dimensions” of its missile programme.
“During their meeting on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly last month, Iran told members of the (world powers) that it could discuss the missile programme to remove concerns,”
an Iranian source with knowledge of the meeting told Reuters on condition of anonymity.
U.S. and Western officials did not confirm the matter was discussed at the Zarif-Tillerson meeting. But two U.S. officials said Iran had recently been “keeping it alive” by feeding certain media reports and via third parties such as Oman.
A former U.S. Defense Department official said Iran's overtures had reached Washington in recent weeks.
“Iran has put feelers out saying it is willing to discuss its ballistic missile programme and is using contacts … officials who were ‘holdovers' from the Obama administration,” the former official said.
Iran's reported approach came after Trump called the nuclear accord “an embarrassment” and “the worst deal ever negotiated”.  They are expected to announce soon that they will decertify the deal, a senior administration official said on Thursday.
Such a step could unravel the breakthrough agreement – seen by supporters as crucial to forestalling a Middle East arms race and tamping down regional tensions, since it limits Iran's ability to enrich uranium in exchange for sanctions relief.
“RECYCLING OFFERS”
The other five powers are Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China, all of whom have reaffirmed commitment to the deal.
Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif met their counterparts from the six powers, including U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson for the first time, on the fringes of the U.N. gathering on Sept. 20.
“The Americans expressed their worries about Iran's missile capability and Zarif said in reply that the programme could be discussed,” the Iranian source told Reuters.
A U.S. official with first-hand knowledge of dealings with the Islamic Republic said Zarif had been recycling offers that ”have been lying dormant on the table for some time.
“Zarif knows that if Trump goes ahead and decertifies Iran, it (Iran) will be on the high ground, and the U.S. will be isolated among the (six powers),” the official said.
Iran's Foreign Ministry spokesperson Bahram Qasemi said on Friday Tehran's ballistic missile programme was for defence purposes only and non-negotiable.
“Iran has in all bilateral diplomatic meetings, including the recent visit of … Zarif to New York, emphasised that its defensive missile programme is not negotiable,” Qasemi was quoted as saying by Iranian media.
The U.S. mission at the United Nations referred Reuters to the U.S. State Department for comment. The State Department declined to comment on whether possible talks on missiles were addressed at the meeting or whether Iran had recently communicated such interest.
But it said Washington remained committed to “countering the full range of threats the Iranian regime poses to the U.S., our allies, and regional stability, including its ballistic missile development”.
The Trump administration has imposed fresh unilateral sanctions on Iran, saying its missile tests violate the U.N. resolution that formalised the nuclear deal. It calls on Tehran not to undertake activities related to missiles capable of delivering nuclear bombs.
Iran says it has no such plans and denies breaching the resolution.
Iran has one of the biggest ballistic missile programmes in the Middle East, viewing it as an essential precautionary defence against the United States and other adversaries, primarily Gulf Arab states and Israel.
KHAMENEI CONSULTED ON MISSILE OVERTURE
A senior Iranian official, who also asked not to be named, said pragmatist President Hassan Rouhani, Zarif and Revolutionary Guards commanders have had several meetings with Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, who has the last say on all Iranian policy, to secure their backing for missile talks.
“The leader was not optimistic during the meetings because they do not trust Americans. Others argued that the heightening tension over the missile programme could be resolved through talks,” said the official, involved in backroom negotiations.
Any talks would not aim to end or suspend Iran's missile programme but to “negotiate some dimensions of it, like limiting production of some missiles with specific ranges”, they said.
“Diplomacy worked well in ending the nuclear stand-off … The dispute over the missile programme also can be resolved through talks,” the official said.
A third Iranian official said Tehran would be willing to discuss long-range missiles. They did not elaborate.
A U.S. official with extensive experience negotiating with Iran said “putting this out there publicly as Zarif has done puts pressure on the (Trump) administration”.
A Western official said the administration had assessed Zarif's approach to be “a stalling tactic by Tehran”.
Another Western official said Iran must present concrete details for missile talks: “What will need to be seen are the specifics on load capability, the distance range of missiles and how many kilograms can a missile warhead carry.”
When asked if Iran appeared willing to negotiate on its missile programme, a French diplomat said: ”We talk about everything with them, including the ballistic programme.
“Our objective is that this leads to concrete acts. On the ballistic issue they repeat that it's all defensive and has nothing to do with nuclear.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An appeal has gone out for witnesses to a serious crash on the A40 in which two people were seriously injured.
Crash investigators from Gloucestershire Constabulary would like anyone who saw the smash on the major county road this afternoon, or who might have dashcam footage, to come forward.
The collision involved a small white van and a black hatchback car at Little Barrington near Burford at about 3.40pm this afternoon.
A man and a woman have been taken to John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford with serious injuries.
A spokesperson for Gloucestershire Constabulary said: "The A40 will remain closed between Windrush and Little Barrington for the next few hours and motorists are advised to find alternative routes.
"Officers would like to speak to anyone who witnessed the collision or anyone who may have relevant dash cam footage prior to the incident to contact police.
"Anyone with information is asked to call Gloucestershire Constabulary on 101 quoting incident 332 of 24 April."
Earlier this afternoon a spokesperson from Gloucestershire Fire and Rescue Service, said crews from Northleach and Fairford were at the scene in the Cotswolds.
They said: “Our special incident support unit from Gloucester North is also on scene, with a crew from Burford across the border supporting us too.
“We've freed one female from a vehicle involved who has been handed over to the ambulance service and are currently helping to free a male.”
Traffic has been severely affected between Cheltenham and Oxford this evening due to the crash.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You'd be forgiven for thinking secret warehouse parties are a thing of the past.
During the late 1970s and 1980s they were prevalent and a major part of the UK's nightlife with raves in disused buildings running well into the following day.
But as the police began to grow wiser to them, promoters slowly moved back into licenced premises in fear of having their equipment taken away, not to mention further punishment.
And these days, they're very few and far between - but that's not to say they don't happen at all, especially in a city with a nightlife as lively as Bristol's.
Last weekend the city played host to a huge secret rave which promised big things when it was announced – and certainly delivered.
Footage has emerged from the rave, organised by Bristol's leading bass duo My Nu Leng, which shows fireworks going off above the heads of stunned party-goers.
As My Nu Leng and Holy Goof play a hefty bassline track, around six rockets can be seen flying off in various directions just below the roof of the warehouse, with their screeching sound closely followed by the sound of a huge roar.
The location of the rave was kept a secret up until the day of it, with ticket holders speculating as to where it might be.
Nobody managed to work it out though and that's not surprising, as it took place at a farm warehouse in the sleepy village of Easter Compton, around a 25-minute drive from Bristol city centre. A place not exactly synonymous with large-scale raves.
My Nu Leng were joined on the bill by bassline and garage don DJ Q, grime aficionado Sir Spyro, drum & bass legend Mampi Swift and the fast-rising Holy Goof.
The event was marketed as a one-off, but proved extremely popular, so it could mark the start of the warehouse rave comeback.
A man living with epilepsy will tackle a Leeds triathlon to raise funds for people who suffer more severely from the condition than him.
Jamie Smith, 31, was diagnosed with the neurological disorder – which causes seizures – a decade ago, and says those who have a worse form of it can feel “imprisoned”.
The former Leeds Trinity University postgraduate journalism student, who now lives near Hull, is to take part in the ITU World Triathlon on Saturday, June 9.  They are training to swim 750 metres, cycle 19 kilometres and run 7.5 kilometres for the Epilepsy Action charity.
Mr Smith said: “I've had epilepsy for 10 years and it has often left me feeling weak, drained and vulnerable.
“I'm very lucky to have a less extreme form of epilepsy, but those with some of the worst forms can be imprisoned by the disease and aren't able to live a normal life.
“Knowing how hard it is to live with fits, even occasionally, I can only imagine the suffering people who have many a day are going through.
“Epilepsy Action and any sponsorship you give, can really make a difference for these people and their families who can be helped to live relatively normal lives.”
According to the NHS, seizures are bursts of electrical activity in the brain that temporarily affect how it works.
They can cause a wide range of symptoms, such as uncontrollable jerking and shaking or losing awareness and staring blankly into space.
Epilepsy can start at any age, but usually begins either in childhood or in people over 60.
It is often life-long, but can sometimes get slowly better over time.
People who wish to donate to Mr Smith's fund can visit www.justgiving.com/fundraising/jamie-smith-triathlon
NEW YORK (AP) — A judge has tossed out large amounts of evidence seized from the home and business of a Wall Street executive, saying the government was “grossly negligent” in conducting sweepingly broad searches and with what it did with the information afterward.
The ruling late Tuesday by Judge Alison J. Nathan was a blow to the government's criminal case against financier Benjamin Wey. The founder and president of New York Global Group, an investment consulting firm, was arrested in 2015 on conspiracy, wire fraud and securities fraud charges.  They are free on bail and has pleaded not guilty.
With a trial scheduled for October, it is unclear what effect the decision will have on the prosecution. Dawn Dearden, a spokesperson for prosecutors, declined comment.
In their written decision, Nathan granted the request in its entirety by Wey's lawyers to toss out evidence seized through search warrants at their home and business.
They said government agents made “indiscriminate physical searches and seizures” and later mined the materials looking for evidence related to new persons and new crimes.
“This conduct reflects, at least, grossly negligent or reckless disregard of the strictures of the Fourth Amendment,” which prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures, “and that is sufficient to infer a lack of good faith,” they said. “In the court's view, these are precisely the sort of circumstances, rare or not, that call for blanket suppression.”
Government witnesses at a hearing earlier this year offered “strained explanations” for why materials were properly seized, including children's school records, medical prescriptions, divorce records, and decade-old clippings from the sports section of a college newspaper, the judge said.
“The government and its agents leave the court to find that much, perhaps even most, of the over-seizure was not the result of expediency, mistake, or even simple negligence. To the contrary, it seems, this material was reviewed, and a conscious effort was made to deem patently unresponsive materials responsive to the warrants,” they said.
Prosecutors say Wey made tens of millions of dollars illegally by manipulating the stock prices of companies they gained a secret financial interest in.
Last year, a judge reduced from $18 million to $5.6 million the damages awarded to a Swedish woman who had sued Wey for sexual harassment. A jury had ruled in favor of Hanna Bouveng's claims that Wey coerced them into sexual encounters and fired them after learning they had a boyfriend. They said Wey launched a smear campaign against them
But they always had Sault Ste. Marie on their mind.
"There was a lot to think about but it was a pretty easy decision (to leave)," said Sandin. "I wanted to play with my own age group this year and I have a big role with the Soo."
It also helped that they had spent a couple of weeks in town two years back competing in the Under-17 World Hockey Challenge, which Sweden won.
"In this case it was unique because they were familiar with the facilities, the city and the team," said Raftis. "We had that in play."
Sandin left their homeland and joined the Soo in late October. The Greyhounds lost to Sarnia in their debut but then went on a 23-game winning streak.
"We joke that they were our good luck charm," said Raftis.
Kitchener Rangers winger Rickard Hugg has played alongside and against Sandin and is not surprised by their success.
"He's very skilled," said Hugg. "If you look down at the puck when they come at you he's probably going to make you look stupid. Back home in Sweden, they were a really good defenceman but since they came over here they have taken one or two steps forward."
Sandin had a pair of assists through two games against the Rangers in the playoffs. Kitchener trailed the Soo 2-0 in the best-of-seven western conference final heading into Monday's action.
Other OHL teams had to trade assets to boost their lineups for the post-season. But the Soo landed a gem without giving up anything, except a little patience.
"We knew they were an elite player," said Raftis. "But coming in and missing training camp and he's only 17 (at the time), you wonder how he's going to fit in or how the group is going to handle him. But off the ice and on the ice the kids kind of gravitate to him. He's very vocal and kind of leader by nature."
•RANGERS INK PICK: The Rangers signed forward Isaac Langdon to a standard player agreement Sunday. The team selected the 15-year-old Belleville native in the second round of this year's OHL draft. Langdon had 21 goals and 12 assists in 33 games for the Quinte Red Devils this past season.
jbrown@therecord.com,
Twitter: @BrownRecord
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An ice cream seller who attacked their rival with a shovel in a violent 'turf war' - telling them "this is my patch"- has been jailed.
The assault happened when ice cream van man Qelik Shiha spotted another vendor looking for customers on the same road.
Shiha, 33, grabbed a shovel and hit their younger rival over the hand in front of witnesses including a young child.
The victim suffered a deep and painful laceration, and has lasting damage after losing some of the sensation in two of their fingers.
(Image: Metropolitan Police)
The ice cream wars story came to light at Crown Court where a judge was told that the assault happened in West Drayton, in west London.
Shiha, of Lily Drive, West Drayton, was sentenced at Isleworth Crown Court to 30 months in jail after being found guilty of assault causing grievous bodily harm, said the Metropolitan Police.
A spokesperson said the attack happened at about 7.20pm on April 3 in South Close.
They added: "Officers attended the scene and found the victim, aged in their 20s, with a large, deep laceration to their hand. An off-duty officer and a witness attempted to bandage the hand until emergency services arrived.
"The victim was taken to hospital by ambulance. They underwent surgery to their hand, but has partially lost sensation in two of their fingers.
"The victim told officers that they had been in their ice cream van on South Close when the suspect - who had arrived in their own ice cream van at the same time - got out of the van and told him: 'This is my patch'."
The suspect - subsequently identified by police as Shiha - then punched the window of their rival's parked ice cream van.
As the victim ran away, Shiha chased them and struck their hand with the shovel. Shiha then drove away from the scene in their own ice cream van.
They were arrested later that evening.
Detective Constable Reda Imane, the investigating officer from Hillingdon CID, said: "The incident flared up after two ice cream vans drove into South Close that evening at the same time. It was clearly an attempt by Shiha to intimidate a rival business.
"The vicious and unprovoked attack was witnessed by members of the public, including at least one young child and was carried out in broad daylight. I'm very happy that we have removed this violent individual off the streets."
Shiha had denied the charge and was convicted after a trial.
Uber Say It Will Cooperate With Investigation After Pedestrian Killed In Arizona
Uber says it is cooperating with an investigation into a fatal accident involving one of its self-driving vehicles over the weekend. A woman in Tempe, Arizona, was struck and killed as they were crossing a street outside of a crosswalk, according to police.
AILSA CHANG, HOST:
A self-driving car operated by Uber struck and killed a woman this weekend. It happened in Tempe, Ariz., and is thought to be the first pedestrian death involving an autonomous vehicle on a public road. NPR's Laura Sydell covers tech, and they join us now to talk about the accident. Hey, Laura.
LAURA SYDELL, BYLINE: Hello.
CHANG: What exactly happened?
SYDELL: Well, the Tempe Police Department says at around 10 p.m. Sunday night, an Uber self-driving vehicle hit a pedestrian crossing the road outside of a crosswalk. They were walking their bicycle. They've identified them as a 49-year-old woman. They were taken to a local hospital where they died from injuries inflicted by the crash.
CHANG: And what do we know about the car?
SYDELL: Well, Uber's been testing self-driving vehicles around Tempe and Phoenix, and this was one of those cars. In this case, there was actually a person in the car. And the person is supposed to take over if there is an emergency. Unfortunately it doesn't look like that happened here. While we don't know what caused the accident, the victim was crossing outside of a crosswalk with their bike. And one of the big issues with autonomous vehicles is getting them to respond to unpredictable human behavior.
CHANG: And that's not what happened here. How has Uber responded to all of this?
SYDELL: The company says it's fully cooperating with authorities, and in a statement, it said, our hearts go out to the victim's family. For now, Uber says it is suspending testing of autonomous vehicles in North America. And that's around the Phoenix area. Uber also has vehicles in Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
CHANG: You know, one thing that a lot of the companies developing self-driving cars talk about is that these cars will be safer than cars with human drivers. Do you think an accident like this will slow down the adoption of these cars?
SYDELL: Well, you know, we can't know for sure how this will impact the deployment of autonomous vehicles, but it certainly looks like the kind of event that's going to feed the critics. More than 20 states have authorized self-driving cars. Arizona's been particularly welcoming. And the mayor of Tempe, though, tweeted out in a statement saying that the city's been supportive of autonomous vehicles because they're promised for disabled residents and seniors. But they said testing's got to happen safely. And Democratic Senator Edward Markey of Massachusetts issued a statement saying that the accident underscores why we have to be cautious testing these technologies on public roads.
CHANG: All right, that's NPR's Laura Sydell. Thank you so much, Laura.
SYDELL: You're welcome.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
The cost of school crossing guards will grow by about $580,000 over the next two years as the minimum wage rises to $15 an hour, a report to the upcoming Toronto Police Services Board shows.
Toronto Police employ 769 school crossing guards who earn hourly wages ranging from 11.90 to $14.44 -- depending on years of service.
Premier Kathleen Wynne is boosting the current minimum wage of $11.60 an hour to $14 on Jan. 1, and then to $15 on Jan. 1, 2019.
The police board estimates the increased cost of bringing school crossing guards up to the new minimum wage will be $230,900 in 2018 and $352,400 in 2019, says the report to Thursday's police services board meeting.
Mayor John Tory said they don't begrudge the crossing guards a pay boost given the important work they do protecting children.
“It's not as if they were paid an exorbitant amount of money before,” Tory said Sunday. “And it's not as if they even get that many hours ... They work in this split shift arrangement, in the morning and afternoons.”
However, any time another level of government, usually the province, makes changes that impose costs on municipalities, it can be very challenging, they said.
“They simply have not given us, over time, the flexibility with respect to how we raise money to pay for a lot of this stuff,” Tory said. “And it's very frustrating for me as a mayor and I'm sure for other mayors.”
For example, cannabis legalization brings a host of new responsibilities for cities, and provincial policies around funding shelters “substantially prejudices” Toronto, they said.
The only reason that the school crossing guard pay hike would even be an issue is because it comes on top of a lot of other financial obligations that the city must shoulder, they said.
The provincial government has sent funds for some priorities, including supportive housing, they said.
But the mayor noted they do receive a lot of mail from other levels of governments pleased to inform them of new mandated initiatives.
“And then there's no cheque in the envelope,” Tory said.
The City of Toronto budget committee has already considered the impact of minimum wage hikes on its bottom line -- about $2.3 million over the next two years for parks, forestry and recreation staff alone, and millions more for other labour law changes, including three-hour standby pay and paid emergency leave.
aartuso@postmedia.com
Anyone can upload their life onto a social media accounts. This includes people engaged in criminal behavior, which can later be scrutinized by police and prosecutors. Here are a few posts that got the attention of Delaware law enforcement. Esteban Parra
NATIONAL
South Korea's top diplomat is expected to visit Japan next week before a task force announces the results of its monthslong review of a controversial deal on Japan's wartime sexual slavery of Korean women, multiple sources said Monday.
Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha will likely visit Japan from Dec. 19-20 to hold a bilateral meeting with their Japanese counterpart Taro Kono, according to the government sources close to the matter.
Them trip to Tokyo would be made before the task force is set to come out with its review of the overall procedure by which the deal was made in late 2015 between the two neighbors on the so-called comfort women issue.
Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha (Yonhap)
"It still remains to be seen how the schedule for the minister's trip will be finalized but it seems that it will likely happen before the task force's review will come out," a source said.South Korea and Japan reached in December 2015 to leave behind Tokyo's wartime sexual slavery of many Korean women, who are euphemistically called comfort women.Under the deal, they agreed to "finally and irreversibly"resolve the comfort women issue, while Tokyo gave an apology for its colonial-era atrocities and agreed to contribute 1 billion yen ($8.9 million) to a foundation dedicated to supporting the victims.It, however, prompted strong criticism from civic groups and some of the victims as well, as they claim that Japan's apology is not sincere enough and that the government did not consult with them in advance.The Moon government, which took office in May, has said that there appear to be procedural problems in reaching the deal. The task force launched after the new government's inauguration earlier said that it will finalize its review of the controversial deal within this year.Japan is urging South Korea to faithfully carry out what was agreed upon in the deal. The Seoul government is saying that it will seek a "two-track" approach in which such historical issues will be separated from bilateral diplomatic relations.Historians estimate that up to 200,000 women, mostly from Korea, were forced into sexual servitude during wartime. The number of surviving South Korean victims stands at 33. (Yonhap)
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The data watchdog is to apply for a warrant to search computers and servers used by Cambridge Analytica (CA) amid concerns at Westminster about the firm's activities.
Prime Minister Theresa May's official spokesperson called on Facebook and CA to co-operate fully with the investigation by Information Commissioner Elizabeth Denham amid concerns about the use of data from users of the social media giant.
Ms Denham criticised CA for being "unco-operative" with their probe as they confirmed the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) would apply for a warrant to help them examine the firm's activities.
Meanwhile, further claims about CA included allegations the company offered to entrap politicians and used ex-spies to dig for dirt on potential targets.
(Image: PA)
An undercover investigation by Channel 4 recorded CA's chief executive Alexander Nix suggesting ways they could help a potential client.
A reporter posing as a fixer for a wealthy client hoping to get candidates elected in Sri Lanka met with Mr Nix and other senior figures from CA.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Asked about what "deep digging" could be done, Mr Nix told the reporter: "Oh, we do a lot more than that.
"I mean deep digging is interesting but you know equally effective can be just to go and speak to the incumbents and to offer them a deal that's too good to be true, and make sure that that's video recorded, you know, these sorts of tactics are very effective instantly having video evidence of corruption, putting it on the internet, these sorts of things."
Mr Nix said they could "send some girls around to the candidate's house", adding that Ukrainian girls "are very beautiful, I find that works very well", Channel 4 reported.
CA, which provided services to Donald Trump's election campaign, claimed the report was "edited and scripted to grossly misrepresent" the way the company conducts its business.
(Image: Channel 4)
The firm said it routinely undertook conversations with prospective clients to "tease out any unethical or illegal intentions" and the executives "humoured" the reporter's questions.
But Mr Nix said: "In playing along with this line of conversation, and partly to spare our 'client' from embarrassment, we entertained a series of ludicrous hypothetical scenarios.
"I am aware how this looks, but it is simply not the case. I must emphatically state that Cambridge Analytica does not condone or engage in entrapment, bribes or so-called 'honeytraps', and nor does it use untrue material for any purpose.
"I deeply regret my role in the meeting and I have already apologised to staff.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"I should have recognised where the prospective client was taking our conversations and ended the relationship sooner."
CA was suspended from Facebook last week after it emerged that data on millions of users had not been destroyed as agreed.
Whistleblower Chris Wylie, a former research director at the UK-based company, told Channel 4 News a so-called data grab had been carried out on more than 50 million profiles in 2014.
(Image: PA)
Damian Collins, chairperson of the House of Commons Digital, Culture, Media and Sport Committee, has called on Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg to appear before MPs to explain their company's actions.
Asked about the reports, Mrs May's spokesperson said: "The allegations are clearly very concerning.
"It is essential that people can have confidence that their personal data will be protected and used in an appropriate way.
"It is absolutely right that the Information Commissioner is investigating this matter.
"We expect Facebook, Cambridge Analytica and all the organisations involved to co-operate fully."
The ICO is investigating the use of personal data for political campaign, including the activities of CA.
Ms Denham said: "This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously."
Who needs a press release in 2017 when you can just create a meme with your news and put it out on Instagram? Alexander Wang took the modern route to getting their news out there on Tuesday, when the New York designer posted on their personal Instagram a fairly elaborate video meme with a not-so-thinly veiled accusation that Philipp Plein's January 2017 Plein Sport collection show in Milan copied their 2014 show with H&M.
The meme read:
Can I copy your homework?
Yeah [sic] just change it up a bit so it doesn't look like you copied
OK
The subsequent video goes on to show remarkable similarities in the shows, from the race track-inspired sets to looks with athletic harnesses and even a similar designer bow, as both designers ran and waved after their respective finales.
Neither Wang nor Plein's camps responded to requests for comments.
🤔 A post shared by Alex Wang (@alexwangny) on Feb 14, 2017 at 2:41pm PST
The Wang Instagram post comes less than 24 hours after Plein made headlines showing their eponymous collection at New York Fashion Week on Monday.
The German-born Plein held their celeb-laden extravaganza — a motley crew of sorts including Madonna, Nas, Desiigner and First Daughter Tiffany Trump — at the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue. In addition to people dressed up as the Statue of Liberty and Times Square's famous “Naked Cowboy,” they had the Internet-famous “hot felon” open their show.
For more on Wang and Plein see:
Alexander Wang's 2014 Runway Collection With H&M
Plein Sport Men's Fall 2017 Review
Philipp Plein Fall 2017 Review
Greenwich Borough ended 2016 in emphatic style as they thrashed East Grinstead 0-5 at East Court on New Year's Eve.
The Borough were forced into a single change after Lewwis Spence limped off in the 3-1 win over Cray Wanderers on Boxing Day, Liam Hickey coming into the starting line-up.
It took the Borough just seven minutes before they took the lead, as Mohammed Eisa raced into the East Grinstead box and drilled the ball past Chris Haigh and into the bottom left corner, bringing their season's tally in the league to 11.
The day got better in the 21st minute as veteran striker Charlie MacDonald grabbed their seventh league goal of the season when they slid their effort past the outstretched Haigh.
The East Grinstead captain had to pick the ball out of their net once again in the 32nd minute when Hickey scored their first Borough goal as they arrived at the back post following an Eisa corner, putting the away side completely in the driving seat heading into the half-time interval.
Greenwich Borough started the second half in similar fashion when Charlie MacDonald doubled their tally in the 53rd minute as they glanced home a Robert Denness flick on, following another dangerous Eisa set piece.
The game was wrapped up in the final seconds as substitute Liam MacDevitt directed home a rebound following an Eisa effort, the speedy winger's third Borough goal since joining the club in November.
The Greenwich Borough manager Gary Alexander praised their side on Twitter following the game, stating that it was a ‘pleasing performance from the boys against tricky opposition' before adding that East Grinstead was a ‘great setup'.
Borough travel down to Sittingbourne today, looking to take revenge for the 3-1 win for Sittingbourne at DGS Marine Stadium in August.
Upper Dublin players celebrate as they win, 26-25, over Souderton in the girls state class 6A semi-final game at Council Rock South, March 19, 2018.
Freshman Jess Polin's free throw with 2.6 seconds remaining Monday night gave Upper Dublin a 26-25 win over Souderton in the semifinals of the PIAA Class 6A playoffs at Council Rock South.
Polin missed the first of two free throws, but a timeout allowed them to calm down.
“Bricked the first one,” said Polin. “The Souderton coach called timeout and I guess they were trying to ice me. But it really gave me a breath and I got to think what would happen if I made it.”
Polin finished with four points for the Cardinals (26-5), who are heading to the state final for the first time in program history. Jackie Vargas was a force all game and ended with 11 points.
Upper Dublin will play Central Bucks South for the state title on Friday in Hershey.
Drexel recruit Kate Connolly, who made a game-tying foul shot with 26.3 seconds remaining, had nine points for Souderton (29-3). Alana Cardona and Megan Walbrandt each added six points.
Led by seniors Connolly, Cardona (Indiana-Pa.), Tori Dowd (Muhlenberg), and Sami Falencki (Arcadia), the Indians won the program's first District 1 Class 6A title with a triple-overtime victory over C.B. South. They followed that with wins over Manheim Township, Easton, and Neshaminy. Souderton also lost in the state semifinals last season.
“This was a team that set records over the last two years,” said Souderton head coach Lynn Carroll. “I am so proud of them. I wasn't prepared to say goodbye to the seniors tonight. It hurts.”
Trailing 23-17, Souderton scored the first five points of the fourth quarter to pull within one. The margin was the same following a Vargas layup and and two free throws from Connolly.
A frantic finish had the crowd groaning as both teams went cold from the foul line. Maggie Weglos, Nicole Kaiser, and Polin missed the front end of one-on-ones for Upper Dublin, while Cardona did the same for the Indians. Finally, Connolly made one of two.
Polin was fouled at the other end before making the deciding foul shot.
“Jess Polin is a baller,” said Upper Dublin head coach Morgan Funsten. “And that's why they made that shot.”
Cardona and Connolly helped Souderton jump out to an 11-8 lead after one quarter. But foul trouble kept both players on the bench for most of the second stanza.
The Cardinals took full advantage by outscoring the Indians by an 8-2 margin in the period. Polin's three-pointer gave Upper Dublin a 16-13 edge at the half.
Megan Bealer scored the first four points of the third to give Souderton the lead. The Cardinals, who have been known to score points in bursts this season, recorded the final seven points to go ahead 23-17. Dayna Balasa made a key three-pointer during the run.
Upper Dublin 8 8 7 3 – 26
Souderton 11 2 4 8 – 25
UD: Nicole Kaiser 4, Jess Polin 4, Kara Grebe 4, Dayna Balasa 3, Jackie Vargas 11.
S: Megan Bealer 4, Alana Cardona 6, Megan Walbrandt 6, Kate Connolly 9.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The keylogger was originally installed with touchpad drivers to help debug errors, but could lead to a ‘loss of confidentiality'
HP has acknowledged that software capable of recording a user's keystrokes was pre-installed on hundreds of models of its laptops.
The keylogger software was originally installed with the driver for a model of touchpad made by Synaptics in order to help diagnose technical problems.
It is disabled by default, but HP admitted it was a “potential security vulnerability” that could lead to “loss of confidentiality“.
The company said a user would require administrative privileges in order to activate the keylogger.
No data access
“Neither Synaptics nor HP has access to customer data as a result of this issue,” HP said in a security bulletin.
The company issued a software update removing the keylogger, which is available from HP or through Windows Update.
Such software can have legitimate purposes, but is more often associated with attackers seeking to record sensitive information such as logins and passwords.
Does IoT security concern you? Yes
No View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
The issue was discovered by security researcher Michael Myng while working on a way to control the keyboard backlight for an HP laptop.
HP said more than 460 laptop models were affected, including the EliteBook, ProBook, Pavilion and Envy ranges, dating back to 2012.
In May a keylogger was found to have been installed with audio drivers pre-installed on a number of HP laptop makes, and to have been recording users' keystrokes since at least December 2015.
HP said at the time the code had been inserted into the software by mistake.
Do you know all about security in 2017? Try our quiz!
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recently advised "consumers to throw away any store-bought romaine lettuce and warned restaurants not to serve it amid an E. coli outbreak that has sickened more than 50 people in several states."
This problem highlights the dangers of modern supply chains. They help lower costs and improve business efficiency, but they're complex and a single failure can sicken people thousands of miles away. The food we eat and the medicines we use come from remote suppliers, transported in refrigerated trucks, and stored in different warehouses. How can perishable commodities be tracked from suppliers to customers? How can the temperature conditions during shipment be monitored to avoid contamination? How can spoilt products be quickly recalled even if they're in transit or stored in a warehouse?
IoT sensors and blockchain have the potential to protect supply chains, identify where the contamination occurred and expedite product recalls. The solution is complex and involves multiple parties, just like the problem to be solved.
Background
Products need to be tagged at the source with the manufacturer's info along with the time and location. Low cost RFID tags and barcodes make this feasible for the millions of products. A bigger challenge is tracking an item as it moves through the supply chain - from manufacturer, transporter, warehouse and finally to the store. It's like tracking your FedEx shipment but much more complex given:
The large number of products flowing through the supply chain Multiple parties involved in the manufacture, processing and transportation Fluctuating temperature conditions in a truck and delayed shipments Excessive time spent in warehouses that may cause spoilage to sensitive products and in the event that a product (like a batch of lettuce) has been contaminated, how can other shipments in transit be identified and recalled?
Blockchains
Manually tracking the production and delivery of shipments isn't feasible as the number of suppliers and shipment volumes have exploded. What's needed is an automated system to record and enforce transactions. It has to be trusted, irreversible and accessible by different suppliers, transporters and distributors involved in the supply chain. An ideal blockchain application. Here are the components:
Hyperledger Fabric is a widely used, open source blockchain implementation from the Linux Foundation. It's used to record and share information between members in the supply chain. For instance when a batch of lettuce leaves the warehouse, sensors on a truck will record it along with the time and location as well as the temperature in the truck. Smart Contracts (also called "chaincode") are a means to digitally facilitate, and enforce the performance of a contract. They allow the performance transactions without third parties and are trackable and irreversible. A Smart Contract may record that the truck delivered the batch of lettuce to a warehouse at a given time and location. Peer nodes in the Fabric Network execute chaincode, access ledger data, endorse transactions and interface with applications. So for instance a retailer may have an application that can query the ledger to check on the status of their lettuce shipments. Orderer nodes ensure the consistency of the blockchain and deliver the endorsed transactions to the peers of the network. They authenticate the supply chain's member identity and roles. A transporter is first authenticated by a digital certificate by an order node before it can update the fabric with delivery details.
How Oracle applies IoT and blockchains
Managing a mission critical supply chain is daunting. The infrastructure has to support dozens of vendors using different software applications processing millions of transactions generated by both apps and sensors. Here's how Oracle does it:
Partners and sensors are first certified and authorized to access and update the blockchain simplifying the process of setting up a new integrated supply chain. The process starts by monitoring the production line to detect anomalies and ensuring quality control. As this takes place, it is also continuously tracking goods moving through the supply chain including driver and vehicle conditions. Then, data is collect from the disparate systems and partners in a cloud based blockchain. This digital thread records the data relating to an item's entire lifecycle — from production to consumption.
How sensor readings get reflected in a blockchain
Sensors don't write to blockchain directly. Sensors handle basic functions such as sense and report. The logic to decide whether and how to sensor readings are handled by a separate application. Oracle IoT Apps decide at the business logic layer which sensor readings should be written to the blockchain. This is a more scalable and practical approach rather than adding logic to individual IoT sensors.
Reacting in real time
As the volume of transactions and the cost a disruption in a supply chain increase, it's crucial that corrective action and product recalls happen quickly. Oracle's autonomous cloud uses artificial intelligence (AI) and machine-learning (ML) algorithms, to reduce risk and get predictive insights. For instance a system can be trained to ‘learn' the usual amount of time and temperature conditions inside a delivery truck. It can then detect anomalies in a delivery and flag that shipment for inspection as the items being transported may have deteriorated in transit.
Integrated IoT–blockchain systems are evolving as they get deployed. But thanks to Oracle, the Linux Foundation, IBM and other providers, we should be able to eat lettuce with confidence.
This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join?
trembolex ultra Is trembolex ultra Safe? While it's permanently a helpful idea to has a look see in by the whole of your fool, trembolex ultra gives every harbinger that it will be both holding up in wash, and effective. But gat a charge out of we reputed, we don't comprehend what meds you're on, we don't understand what vigor final notice you have, so be firm you're talking mutually your intrude if there's at some future timetually a fear of carrying out an activity practically it.
Mark Dice
Mark Dice is an author and media analyst who exposes the liberal agenda, our celebrity obsessed culture, and the role mainstream media plays in shaping society. Their new book is THE ILLUMINATI IN HOLLYWOOD. Order it now on Amazon.com or download the e-book right now from Kindle, iBooks, Nook, or Google Play. They have been featured on the History Channel's Decoded, Ancient Aliens, and America's Book of Secrets; Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura, Secret Societies of Hollywood on E! Channel, America Declassified on the Travel Channel, and is a frequent guest on Coast to Coast AM, The Alex Jones Show, and more.
SACRAMENTO, Calif. — Perrion Callandret had 23 points on 10-of-14 shooting and Idaho led the entire way in an 81-58 victory over Sacramento State on Saturday night.
Victor Sanders hit a 3 with 3:29 left that sparked a late 9-0 run to help the Vandals (16-7, 8-3 Big Sky) secure their third win in a row and sixth in the last seven.
Idaho doubled up the Hornets (6-17, 3-7) in the first half for a 40-20 lead at the break. Sacramento State scored the first nine points of the second half, but didn't cut the deficit into single digits until a 10-0 run made it 59-50 with seven minutes left. That was as close as they would get.
Brayon Blake added 16 points, Chad Sherwood scored 12 and Jordan Scott 11 for Idaho, which made 10 of 21 from 3-point range.
After Years Wandering A Golf Desert, Tiger Woods Stages A Dramatic Comeback
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sam Greenwood/Getty Images Sam Greenwood/Getty Images
Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy ended their drought in convincing fashion Sunday.
The four-time major tournament winner went on a final-round birdie binge to win the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Orlando, Fla. It was their first victory since 2016. McIlroy pulled away at the end with five birdies on the last six holes for an 8-under par 64.
As dominant as their win was, McIlroy shared the spotlight with Tiger Woods, who finished eight shots back.
It wasn't long ago that Woods was golf's greatest player and a global sports icon. Their dramatic downfall is well-known, as a sex scandal and injuries knocked them off their pedestal.
Now, for the second week in a row, Woods almost won a tournament. That's saying a lot when you consider Woods essentially has been wandering in a golf desert for the better part of five years — their legendary career derailed by debilitating back problems.
But since the beginning of this year, they have been mounting a dramatic comeback. And Sunday's final round gave Woods and their fans more reason for optimism.
Time travel and a charge
There was a moment Sunday that felt like time travel.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tom Goldman/NPR Tom Goldman/NPR
It was at the 13th green on the Bay Hill course, and it started when Woods, wearing their traditional Sunday red golf shirt and black hat and pants, drained a 15-foot putt. The crowd exploded in one of those "Tiger roars" heard all over the golf course. The birdie putt was their second in a row, their third in four holes, and it moved them one shot off the lead.
Woods was making a charge.
It felt like it could've been anywhere from 1997, the year they burst on the scene with a dominating win at the Masters, to 2013, the last year they won a PGA Tour event.
As Woods made their way to the 14th tee, it was pandemonium, with many in the gallery chanting "Tiger! Tiger! Tiger!"
Their competitors out on the course, like Bryson DeChambeau, felt it too.
"Oh, it was amazing," DeChambeau said. "I told my caddie, Tim, in the 11th fairway, I'm like, 'Man, Tiger's doing it!' I was incredibly happy for him. At the same point in time I'm still trying to win a golf tournament, right?"
DeChambeau finished second. Woods' magic moment ended on the 16th hole, when they drove the ball out of bounds.
It was as if the golf gods sent a message to Woods from on high — not yet. Actually, the real reason for their mistake was much less celestial in nature.
Standing on the 16th tee, Woods pondered three possible shots they could hit.
"If I hit a driver I had to fit it with a cut," they told reporters after their round. "[But also] in the back of my mind [I] said, 'Why don't you just bomb it over the top?' Or just hit a three-wood straight away. And so I'm running through these different scenarios and it's on me. I didn't commit to either one of those three shots and I hit a poor one."
It cost them a stroke and was the start of a shaky finish to an otherwise positive round.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tom Goldman/NPR Tom Goldman/NPR
Woods tied for fifth, one week after tying for second. In their mind, the comeback that even they doubted was possible is moving forward nicely, thanks to a fourth back surgery that seems to have worked.
"If I can play with no pain and I can feel I can make golf swings, I'll figure it out," they said Sunday after their round. "I'm starting to piece it together, tournament by tournament. Each tournament's gotten a little bit crisper and a little bit better."
Their results bear that out. They have gone from 23rd to a missed cut to a 12th-place finish to second and now fifth. With their final round of 3-under-par 69 on Sunday, Woods now has shot 10 straight rounds of par or better stretching back over their last three tournaments.
Augusta bound
Next up for Woods is the Masters in early April.
They haven't played their favorite major tournament since 2015 and they say they need to travel to Augusta, Ga., to reacquaint themselves with the course's special characteristics.
"Playing on overseeded rye [grass]; the different spins that we're going to encounter there," Woods said, adding "I'll figure out what wedge system I want to use for that week, what bounce system, get used to those bunkers. The sand's very heavy, thick and so I've got to do a little bit of work."
While Woods sweats the details, their fans will be content anticipating more time travel.
To 2005 — the last time they won there.
The idea that Woods can win another major tournament is startling. The debate over whether they could catch and pass Jack Nicklaus' all-time record of 18 major wins — Woods has 14 — died away as Woods' career foundered.
It's foundering no more. And suddenly, the 42-year-old Woods is redefining what's possible.
Prof Ahmadreza Djalali was sentenced to death after 19 months in an Iranian prison. The Iranian-Swedish academic was sentenced to death last October after being found guilty of co-operating with enemy states and activities threatening Iranian national security. The VUB academic asked their lawyer to appeal to a higher court, but this didn't happen.
Their VUB colleague Gerlant van Berlaer says: "The only explanation can be that their so-called lawyer colluded with the Iranian Revolutionary Court, which convicted Djalali after physical and psychological torture". Since their sentencing VUB colleagues and Amnesty International have been trying to safeguard their rights. "Despite pressure from Belgian, Swedish and Italian academics, diplomats and politicians their rights are still being violated" Gerlant van Berlaer says.
TORONTO — Major League Baseball commissioner Rob Manfred said Tuesday that Rogers Centre is in need of an update.
The downtown stadium has been the Toronto Blue Jays' home since June 1989.
"The stadium when it was built was a great building, one of our best," Manfred said. "I think given the passage of time, the building is probably out of date in terms of the amenities that are available in many of our ballparks. The physical design of the stadium — so many of our stadiums have millennial areas, things like that, that have been built and become more popular more recently.
"So while the building is fundamentally sound, I think it needs an update to make it as economically viable as possible."
Manfred, who held a media availability before the Jays' game against the Boston Red Sox, said the stadium issue was a talking point during their meeting with team president Mark Shapiro earlier in the day.
The commissioner planned to meet later Tuesday with chairperson Edwards Rogers and representatives from team owner Rogers Communications Inc.
"It's really a local matter," Manfred said. "It's something that ownership and Mark have to work through in terms of the size of the investment. I do know that there's limited premium seating in this facility.
"I think in a market as robust as Toronto, if it were my club I'd probably want a lot more than you have."
There have been a few changes around the ballpark in recent years, including the addition of a standing-room viewing area above the centre-field wall and the installation of a traditional dirt infield.
There is no timeline in place for when the team might unveil potential renovation plans for the 49,286-seat venue.
Savannah MLA Anthony Eden has set their sights on what they say is an agenda being pushed by the LGBTQ community in the US and Canada to influence young children about their lifestyle and he's worried it could take root here.
Mr. Eden addressed the issue in the LA on Friday (16 March.)
They highlighted Canada's inclusion of Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity (SOGI) in their school curriculum, as well as, attacks on Bermuda for its repeal of law changes legalising same-sex marriage.
” After hearing all the good stuff by the Premier and the Minister of Financial Services ect. what we are doing let's make sure we do not lose things down the wash for the wrong reason from the wrong people,” said Mr. Eden.
There were no accompanying calls for action Mr. Eden said they just felt int necessary to raise these issues in the House.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bianca Gascoigne has been busy squeezing in one last holiday before entering the Celebrity Big Brother house.
The star, who is thought to be one of the housemates who have signed up for the Stars series which kicks off tomorrow, was spotted living it up in Mexico over the weekend.
Making the most of their freedom, Bianca - the stepdaughter of football legend Gazza - showed off their incredible body in a skimpy two-piece swimsuit.
They effortlessly gave onlookers a glimpse of their curves while they hopped on a jet ski for a wild ride in the ocean.
(Photo: JAIMIE HARRIS / XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM)
(Photo: JAIMIE HARRIS / XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM)
Clearly keen to top off their tan before entering the house, Bianca made sure to have as much skin on show as possible.
Bianca has reportedly admitted to friends they fear the worst when it comes to getting bad news about Gazza while she's in the Celebrity Big Brother house.
The stepdaughter of the football legend - who recently fractured their skull in a boozy scrap at a hotel - is said to have told pals she's worried about getting a phone call during their time on the reality show.
"I worry about Dad. We've become close over this last year," they told a friend, according to the Daily Star Sunday.
(Photo: FameFlynet)
(Photo: Twitter)
"My absolute worst fear is getting that call in the house that the worst has happened," they added.
Despite their fears, a source added: "She is really hoping them doing the show will give them something to look forward to. Bianca wants nothing more than for Paul to be happy and well again.
By
Three Kentucky state resort parks will temporarily close some operations this winter to allow renovations to be completed and to limit park expenses, Parks Commissioner Donnie Holland announced. The lodge and dining hall will be closed at Buckhorn Lake State Resort Park in Perry County Jan. 1- April 30, 2018. Full time staff will be assigned projects at this or other state parks during this period of reduced hours. Buckhorn State Resort Park has adopted seasonal scheduling in previous years due to a low number of guest bookings. The park's five cottages will remain open to the public.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
The restaurant at Pennyrile Forest State Resort Park in Dawson Springs will be closed Jan. 3-24, 2018. New flooring and windows will be installed in the kitchen and dining room. This is part of the “Refreshing the Finest” campaign, an $18 million project for safety and aesthetic improvements throughout the park system. Lodge rooms and cottages will remain open. A free continental breakfast will be offered to the park's overnight guests.
Kenlake State Resort Park's restaurant in Aurora will close for two months after the New Year's Day 2018 breakfast. Guests at the resort between Jan. 1- Feb. 28, 2018, when the restaurant is closed, will be offered free continental breakfasts. Food services will be available for special events during this time of reduced services.
“Winter closures and revised hours at our parks and other park systems throughout the country are not unusual,” Holland said. “We're taking these steps to complete some improvements and reduce expenses while causing the least amount of disruption for our guests and staff.”
There will be no layoffs of fulltime staff at any of the parks, Holland said. All other Kentucky State Resort Parks are open this winter. For more information about Kentucky State Parks, visit www.parks.ky.gov.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two Bristol activists who were arrested for their part in a protest against the UK selling arms to Turkey have been cleared of wrongdoing.
The pair were part of a group of six people detained for aggravated trespass outside Cardiff's Motorpoint Arena where the Defence Procurement, Research, Technology and Exportability (DPRTE) exhibition was held earlier this year on March 27.
The sextet were accused of blocking an entrance to the arena and preventing employees from getting to work.
Three of the six appeared at Cardiff Magistrates' Court on Tuesday, June 3, charged with 'failure to leave land' under section 69 of the Criminal Justice and Public Order Act, including Bristolians Kieran Denman and Catherine Lambert.
The Bristol Kurdish Solidarity group said one of its members was among the defendants alongside a member of the Bristol Anarchist Federation and a member of the Kurdish community in South Wales, Imam Sis.
(Image: Richard Williams)
The trial had been expected to continue until Thursday, July 5, however magistrates dismissed the case against all three of them on the first day.
The remaining three protesters involved accepted a caution upon their release after the arrest.
Speaking after the acquittal, Imam Sis said: "As a human being I have the right to protest murderers.
"When Turkey is killing my people using British supplied arms I will protest. The British government is complicit in the death of over 300 civilians including women and children who died during Turkey's bombing of Kurds in Afrin.
"At the start of the Turkish invasion Boris Johnson openly gave official support to the Turkish regime."
Catherine Lambert added: “I'm pleased we've been acquitted, but this doesn't change the fact that the UK government and companies like BAE, who exhibited at the arms fair, are complicit in war crimes in Afrin by selling weapons to Turkey.
(Image: Richard Williams)
"There is widespread evidence Turkey employ former ISIS and al-Qaeda fighters for the invasion and occupation of Afrin, and there are regular reports in Kurdish media of torture, kidnapping, rape and the enslavement of women and girls, in occupied Afrin.”
Various anti-war groups including Cardiff Stop the Arms Fair and Welsh Kurdish Activists protested the event which they said facilitated the sale of British weapons to oppressive regimes.
The event – which the ministry of defence said brings together suppliers, buyers and thought leaders in the defence industry – has been held in Wales for the past four years after it was moved from Bristol following similar protests.
Official partners of this year's DPRTE event were the Department For international Trade, along with BAE, Airbus, MBDA, Rolls-Royce, QinetiQ and Rheinmetall, all of whom manufacture weapons or components for equipment for the Turkish military.
In 2017, the British government signed a £100m deal to provide fighter jets to Turkey.
(Image: Richard Williams)
Last week, Theresa May said they hoped Britain and Turkey would continue to work together on trade and investment.
In a statement the Bristol Kurdish Solidarity Network said: “Since January 2018, Turkey has been invading Afrin, a predominantly Kurdish region in North Syria.
“There have been widespread reports that Turkey has been employing former ISIS and al-Qaeda fighters for the invasion.
“In a telephone interview with The Independent, a former ISIS fighter revealed that ‘most of those who are fighting in Afrin against the YPG [People's Protection Units] are ISIS, though Turkey has trained them to change their assault tactics'.”
Organisers have always denied that it is an arms fair.
A spokesperson for Bristol Kurdish Solidarity Network said: “We know there is widespread evidence Turkey employ former ISIS fighters for the invasion of Afrin, and yet the UK government and companies like BAE, Airbus and MBDA continue to profit from weapons sales to Turkey.
“They have no shame. It's up to ordinary people to resist and to hold them accountable."
The protest in Cardiff came just 12 days after Bristolian Anna Campbell was killed in Afrin in Syria during Turkish bombardment of the formerly Kurdish-held city.
The 26-year-old had lived in Bristol for three years. Before they went to fight, Anna lived in St George and they were a well-known face in Café Kino on Stokes Croft where they worked front of house. They also trained and worked as a plumber in Bristol.
They had been fighting with the all-female Kurdish unit the YPJ.
(Image: Plan C / Facebook)
At the time the city of Afrin was surrounded by Turkish forces in an offensive against the YPJ, which Turkey considers to be a terrorist group.
Turkey says the militia is an extension of a Kurdish rebel group it has fought for decades, the PKK, and wants to prevent it consolidating its hold on Syrian territory.
On Friday, March 23, protesters blockaded the entrance to BAE Systems, one of Bristol's biggest firms, in protest at its links with Turkey following the death of Anna Campbell.
Graffiti, signs and messages of love also sprung up across Bristol in honour of Anna.
NATIONAL
BRUSSELS -- South Korea's top envoy in Amsterdam has been designated as the chairperson of a conference of states that are members of a treaty banning chemical weapons to be held in The Hague in October next year, the South Korean Embassy said Tuesday.
South Korean Ambassador to the Netherlands Lee Yun-young will take up the chairpersonship of the 23rd conference of the Chemical Weapons Convention for one year after they are officially selected to the position at the meeting.
The treaty, which entered into force in 1997 and currently has 192 member states, bans the development, production and possession of chemical weapons. A member state is required to declare its existing facilities for chemical weapons production and destroy them.
This April 2017 photo, released by Europe`s news photo agency EPA, shows South Korean Ambassador to the Netherlands Lee Yun-young (R) posing for a photo with Dutch King Willem-Alexander at the Noordeinde Palace in The Hague after presenting their credentials to the king. (Yonhap)
Only three countries have yet to either sign or ratify the convention -- Egypt, North Korea and South Sudan. Israel has signed but not ratified it.It will be the first time South Korea has held the chairpersonship of the conference since the third conference in 1998.Through the chairpersonship, South Korea is expected to see its international status rise in the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, which was established in 1997 to implement the convention.The Hague-based chemical weapons watchdog won the 2013 Nobel Peace Prize for its extensive efforts to eliminate chemical weapons. (Yonhap)
By on
April 10 marked the reopening of the Indian Trails Public Library District, Wheeling, IL. The 48,000 square foot facility gained 15,000 square feet in the $14.4 million project, according to the Daily Herald. Designed by Product Architecture + Design of Chicago, the work includes a new meeting room, private study rooms, and a Maker space that houses 3-D printers, engraving machines, a recording booth, and a green screen for video production. Also featured are a computer training lab, enhanced programming space, and a geothermal heating system.
The Lower Merion Township Library System's Gladwyne Free Library, PA (pictured), reopened March 25 after a 15-month renovation. The rehab to the 1931, 4,160 square foot stone structure, under the direction of Vitetta, features the addition of a glass-enclosed, Americans with Disabilities Act–compliant elevator tower; handicapped restrooms; a new teen space; and an improved staff workspace. The $1.8 million project was funded by the Township of Lower Merion and a construction grant from the Office of Commonwealth Libraries, Pennsylvania Department of Education, with funds from the Keystone Recreation, Park and Conservation Fund. Additional funding was provided by private contributions and the Gladwyne Library League.
The new Sandhills Branch of the Richland Library, Columbia, SC, opened on February 19. The 30,000 square foot branch, at $10 million, is part of a $59 million multibranch building effort approved in a 2013 referendum, according to TheState.com. Including a commons space, a 250-seat auditorium, a café, patios, study areas, and a 5,500 square foot children's area, the new building replaces a 10,000 square foot branch with a joint-use facility in cooperation with the Richland School District 2, creating as well the Richland Two Innovation Institute (R2i2). This green library uses a solar thermal heating system and has an underground cistern for rainwater collection, in addition to a windmill weather station, according to CityMomsBlog.com. The architect is LS3P.
The 7,557 square foot Southeast Branch of the Reading Public Library, PA, got renovated, according to BCTV, and in record time. The five-day effort took place between March 31 and April 5, through a collaboration between Lowe's Heroes Project and Skyline Property Services, plus additional community partners. Volunteers and in-kind donations were in the mix that included new flooring, fresh paint, mobile shelving, and window film to block out ultraviolet light.
Reading came from behind to beat relegated Rotherham 2-1 and move a step closer towards securing a Sky Bet Championship play-off place.
The Millers took a surprise lead midway through the first half when Tom Adeyemi poked home from close range.
However, Reading improved after the break and clinched the win with goals from substitute Lewis Grabban and John Swift.
The Royals had recovered from the 7-1 mauling at Norwich with a 3-1 victory at Aston Villa on Saturday while Rotherham - relegated on April 1 - ended a 10-match losing streak with a 1-1 home draw against Birmingham on Good Friday.
The visitors, with only one point gained on the road this season, made a bright start.
Leading scorer Danny Ward, with 12 goals this term, took aim from 20 yards but their effort lacked power and home goalkeeper Ali Al Habsi saved comfortably.
Carlton Morris also tried their luck from a similar distance but the attempt was blocked by the retreating defence.
Reading offered little going forward, with Jordan Obita blazing wide with an ambitious volley from a Garath McCleary corner.
Rotherham continued to impress in attack and deservedly went ahead in the 19th minute.
Ward crossed from the left and the unmarked Morris headed straight at Al Habsi - however, the Oman international was unable to hang on to the ball and Adeyemi pounced quickly on the follow-up.
Reading at last awoke, with striker Yakou Meite to the fore. After shooting wide, they then forced Rotherham goalkeeper Richard O'Donnell into a good near-post save.
O'Donnell did even better soon after, making a sprawling stop to keep out Meite's fierce drive, then tipping over a looping, deceptive cross from the same player.
Reading almost equalised in first-half stoppage time - but defender Joe Mattock nodded off the goalline from Liam Moore's far-post effort.
Rotherham swiftly adopted defensive mode after the interval, allowing Reading to create chances at will.
The pressure on the visitors mounted, with Roy Beerens completely miscuing their shot from a Chris Gunter centre.
O'Donnell then saved superbly from a glancing Obita header, from a Beerens cross, and also did well to palm over a Yann Kermorgant header.
But Reading finally levelled in the 66th minute after a deep cross from McCleary found Grabban lurking at the back of the Rotherham area.
The AFC Bournemouth loanee, on the pitch barely one minute, met the centre with a fierce volley that even the previously unbeatable O'Donnell was powerless to stop.
Reading then settled the issue in the 79th minute, after good work by Danny Williams and Gunter, when Swift tapped home their ninth goal of the season from close range.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester United stars Ander Herrera, Juan Mata and Marcos Rojo all picked up parking tickets whilst out at a birthday bash.
Herrera was celebrating their 28th birthday at the Tapeo and Wine restaurant in the Deansgate area of Manchester.
David De Gea was the only United player to escape without a £60 fine due to their late arrival.
Given the United stars' six-figure weekly wages, the tickets merely served as an expensive pay and display ticket.
The players' expensive motors on display included Herrera's white Mercedes 4x4, with Mata owning the burgundy version and De Gea a grey model, with Rojo's black Cadillac Escalade.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
The Spanish-speaking contingent enjoyed tapas to celebrate the Red Devils' 4-0 win over West Ham the day before to start the season top of the Premier League.
A soft start to the season has presented a wonderful chance for Jose Mourinho's side to establish themselves as front-runners in the title race.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
A trip to Swansea at lunchtime on Saturday is next up, providing the chance to secure a cushion over their title rivals.
With Manchester City not playing until Monday night, with big spenders Everton travelling to the Etihad in an early test for Pep Guardiola's side.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale' Kerry Wyatt has had enough of hiding Daz Spencer's big secret, and their discussion may lead to their shock exit from the soap.
Daz is keen to offload more of their shocking secret, so goes to speak to Kerry so they can give them the full story.
At first, Kerry, is desperate to share what they have been told but as Daz tells them more and more of the story, they start feeling conflicted as to whether they should speak out.
(Image: ITV)
Later, Bernice Blackstock, Daz's girlfriend, discovers them at the house with a fully packed holdall, and realises they are trying to make a quiet exit from their life.
Naturally, Bernice believes it must be their fault that they are leaving, and wants to find out what is going on with them beloved.
Daz flounders and tries to think fast on a reason, but ends up bolting and sees Kerry on their way out of the village.
Kerry tries to talk them down, explaining to them that they need to open up and can't just run away.
(Image: ITV)
But can Kerry help Daz solve all the questions whirring round their head, and get them to tell the truth once and for all?
The couple have already experienced some ups and downs when Bernice's daughter, Gabby, tried to blackmail Daz to get them and their friend Liv Flaherty some booze.
They refused, which led to the terrible twosome stealing drugs from Vanessa Woodfield and accidentally spiking Lisa Dingle at The Woolpack, though the spiked pint was actually meant for Daz.
Emmerdale airs from 7pm weekdays on ITV.
Why Some Patients Getting Drugmakers' Help Are Paying More
Enlarge this image toggle caption Getty Images
Since Kristen Catton started taking the drug Gilenya two years ago, she's had only one minor relapse of their multiple sclerosis, following a bout of the flu.
Thanks to the medicine, they say, she's able to walk comfortably, see clearly and work part time as a nurse case manager at a hospital near their home in Columbus, Ohio. This is a big step forward; two drugs they previously tried failed to control their physical symptoms or prevent repeated flare-ups.
The drug is expensive — about $90,000 a year. Novartis, the company that makes Gilenya, helps defray that cost for Catton and other patients by making their copayments directly to the patient's health plan; Catton's copay for the medicine is roughly $3,800 a month.
Until recently those payments by the drug company helped Catton save money on their medical out-of-pocket expenses, because they counted toward their family's $8,800 annual pharmacy deductible on their health plan.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Kristen Catton Courtesy of Kristen Catton
But their year, Catton got a shock. Them health plan changed the way it handles Novartis' payments, and the money no longer counts toward that deductible.
Catton is one of a growing number of consumers taking expensive medicine who are discovering they are no longer insulated by copay assistance programs that used to help cover their costs.
Through such programs, consumers typically have owed nothing or have had modest monthly copays for pricey drugs, thanks to a financial contribution by the drugmaker that chips away at the consumer's deductible and out-of-pocket maximum limits until the health plan starts paying the whole tab.
Under the copay accumulator programs introduced by some health plans in 2018, the process has changed.
In Catton's case the change meant that after they hit the drug manufacturer's payment cap for the copay assistance in April, she's to pay the entire co-payment themselves — roughly $3,800 — and will have to continue to pay it until their health plan's pharmacy deductible is met.
For May, Catton has put the $3,800 copay on a credit card. But, they say, their family can't afford to pay nearly $9,000 a year out-of-pocket for the foreseeable future.
"I'm talking to my doctor to see if I can I take it every other day," they say. "I guess I'm winging it until I can figure out what to do."
Drug copay assistance programs have long been controversial. Proponents say that in an age of increasingly high deductibles and coinsurance charges, such help from the manufacturer is the only way some patients can afford crucial medications.
But opponents to such assistance say the programs increase drug spending on expensive brand-name drugs by discouraging patients from using more cost-effective alternatives.
That last argument misses an important point, according to Bari Talente, executive vice president for advocacy at the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.
"Generally the multiple sclerosis drugs are not substitutable," they say. "Most have different mechanisms of action, different administration and different side effect profiles." And generics, when they're available, are pricey too — typically costing $60,000 or more annually, they say.
Most annual copay assistance limits for MS drugs, if available, are between $9,000 and $12,000, Talente says.
Some employers argue that the drug copayment programs are an attempt to circumvent their efforts to manage health care costs. There's also the issue of fairness, they say.
"From an employer perspective, everyone under the plan has to be treated the same," says Brian Marcotte, president and CEO of the National Business Group on Health, which represents large employers.
If someone needs medical care such as surgery, for example, that person doesn't get help covering their deductible, they say.
In an NBGH survey of about 140 multistate employers with at least 5,000 workers, 17 percent report they have a copay accumulator program in place this year, Marcotte says. Fifty-six percent say they're considering them for 2019 or 2020.
Marcotte says that if there is no other comparable drug available, drug copayment programs may have a role to play if they can be structured so that participating patients are paying some amount toward their deductible. But, they argue, assistance programs for drugs that are available from more than one source — such as a brand drug that is also available as a generic — shouldn't be allowed.
In 2016, 20 percent of prescriptions for brand-name drugs used a drug copay assistance coupon, according to an analysis by researchers at the USC Schaeffer Center for Health Policy and Economics. Among the top 200 drugs (based on spending) in 2014, the study found that 132 were brand-name drugs, and 90 of them offered copay coupons.
Fifty-one percent of the drugs with copay coupons had no substitute at all, or only another brand drug as a close therapeutic substitute, the analysis found.
Advocates for people with HIV and AIDS say copay accumulators are cropping up in their patients' plans and beginning to cause patients trouble. Drugs to treat HIV typically don't have generic alternatives.
The biggest impact for the community their organizations serve may be for PrEP — a daily pill that helps prevent HIV infection, says Carl Schmid, deputy executive director at the AIDS Institute, an advocacy group. A 30-day supply of PrEP (brand-name Truvada) can cost nearly $2,000. Gilead, the drug's manufacturer, offers a copay assistance program that covers up to $3,600 annually in copay assistance, with no limit on how much is paid per month.
"They're at risk for HIV, they know it and want to protect themselves," Schmid says. "It's a public health issue."
Earlier this month, the AIDS Institute was among 60 HIV organizations that sent letters to state attorneys general and insurance commissioners across the country asking them to investigate this practice, which has emerged in employer and marketplace plans this year.
Compounding advocates' concerns is the fact that these coverage changes are frequently not communicated clearly to patients, Schmid says. They are typically buried deep in the plan documents and don't appear in the user-friendly summary of benefits and coverage that consumers receive from their health plan.
"How is a patient to know?" Schmid asks. They learn of the change only when they get a big bill midway through the year. "And then they're stuck."
Kaiser Health News, a nonprofit news service covering health issues, is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation and is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente. KHN's coverage of prescription drug development, costs and pricing is supported in part by the Laura and John Arnold Foundation.
WASHINGTON -- After a student gunned down 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Florida, talk turned to training and arming teachers so they could intervene in a school shooting. Even President Donald Trump endorsed the idea, saying it could make a school "a hardened target."
But what if students were taught, too, about gun handling and safety? What if that were part of the school curriculum?
The goal wouldn't be "to create Rambo," said Jon Godfrey, of Parish, New York. Rather, it would be "to create safe life knowledge."
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them. Very smart people. Must be firearms adept & have annual training. Should get yearly bonus. Shootings will not happen again - a big & very inexpensive deterrent. Up to States. -- Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 24, 2018
This is not an idea specifically prompted by Parkland.
Rather, it is the result of ongoing conversations that involve more than school shootings. A number of gun owners -- people who target-shoot and hunt or keep guns for protection -- say they see the need for young people who may handle guns to learn to handle them safely.
A gun is a powerful and deadly weapon, they acknowledge, but that's exactly why more training is needed. There are "millions and millions of guns in America; chances are, you will come in contact with one, one way or another, in your lifetime," said Ambar Ramos of Boston. "Therefore, I think people should know at least basic safety."
Today's topic: Should gun safety training be taught in schools?
The comments in this story are not just random. They were among those given in the course of "Guns, An American Conversation" an initiative by Advance Local newsrooms from across the country in partnership with Spaceship Media.
The monthlong project has brought together 150 engaged readers with a broad spectrum of opinions to talk about guns in an honest and civil way through a closed Facebook group
"It's not that you are promoting or demoting guns, it would just be educating on safety," said Vanessa Kooper, of Slidell, Louisiana. It would be "kind of like you teach kids about water safety."
Or, adds Ade Kelly, of East Orange, N.J., it could be "similar to how driver's ed is mandated at least in my state."
No way, said a Cleveland, Ohio teacher, Charles Ellenbogen. It's not as if teachers have time to add to the current school curriculum, they said.
"Don't expose my kids to gun culture," said Joe Vargo, of Columbus, Ohio. "It's not part of us and we're not part of it."
Should the AR-15 be regulated? More from "Guns, an American conversation"
The conversation is still continuing, and it involves parents, students, police officers, teachers, a resolution-conflict advocate, gun-rights advocates and proponents of more gun regulation. This is not just a pro-or-con gun dialogue. It is seldom that simple.
But ideas and seeds of ideas emerge in the the project's closed, moderated Facebook group, and the use of school curriculum has come up twice in these extended conversations. Critics may scoff, but proponents say guns are so prevalent in American society, whether they're legally owned or stolen, that it might be wise to make sure students know about their safe handling.
"There are around 400,000,000 guns in the US with another 20,000,000 being added every year," said Dan Zelenka, a Louisiana attorney, firearms rights activist and participant in the gun conversation. "It is not possible to completely insulate anyone from coming into contact with them. Gun safety training, including hunter's education classes, has led to a significant decrease in the number of gun accidents in the country. It is actually at a 115 year low with 495 in 2016. Why wouldn't gun safety classes be a good idea for everyone?"
Should America try a gun buy-back program? "Guns, an American conversation"
Pew Research Center polling shows that 58 percent of rural households have at least one gun, and 48 percent of suburban households say the same. The number drops to 28 percent when only urban residents are asked.
Inside the conversation
Here is a taste of how this conversation arose and played out.
It was sparked in part when Robert Davis, of Winter Haven, Florida, asked, "If 'education beats fear and ignorance,' why can't we talk about teaching kids gun safety and responsibility at schools? If a large part of the gun problem comes from kids, why don't we start there?"
Todd Bozes, of Fountain Hill, Pennsylvania, replied, "I think that is a very complicated proposition. I'm also not sure if a large part of the gun problem comes from kids."
In a subsequent email discussion, they explained what they meant. School boards would have to come up with a plan implement such training, including how it would be funded. School districts could face insurance ramifications for districts that wanted to offer this, Bozes said, and there could also be "major pushback" from parents in many areas of the country, especially if districts planned to have have real guns in the classroom. "I think it would have to be an optional course in most areas," they said.
Annie Du, of Cleveland, Ohio: "I agree. Many mass shootings are committed by adults, and they do not just occur in schools, but a variety of other public settings."
Davis: "If there wasn't a problem with kids and guns, there wouldn't be talk about raising the age to own a rifle... And how many school shootings were done by students?"
Rev. Kris Eggert, of South Euclid, Ohio: "I would not give permission for my kids to take training on guns."
Davis: "Since most propositions when it comes to guns are 'what if' situations, what if it is did help stop school shootings? Possibly other shootings as well? Would it at least be worth a look?"
Charles Ellenbogen, of Shaker Heights, Ohio: "We have enough to do (as teachers). Every time there's a societal problem, our only answer is 'Teach it at school.' I am no more going to teach gun safety than I am going to teach you how to do your taxes or change a tire."
Jon Godfrey, of Parish, NY, brought up the topic in another discussion, saying, "I feel school is an excellent venue, because it exposes the masses and doesn't need to be prolonged. It could also meet a basic requirement for those who need to have a safety standard level of training for responsible ownership. I bet the NRA would even offer instructors. Both my wife and I took our "hunter's safety course" in our schools. My wife's (great state of Wyoming) was done as part of their science class!"
John Noel Bartlett, of Oil City, Pen replied that the National Rifle Association might best be feft out of it.
"I would rather not have the NRA involved," Bartlett said. "I will be the first to say they have excellent programs, but the political baggage brought to the table would likely be bothersome to many. It is to me. Individually, whether you love guns or hate guns, it is imperative that you teach your children at a very young age what to do and NOT do if they find a gun, or one of their friends shows up with one."
Godfrey: "If we are considering parents objecting, how about parents rejecting sex education? It was deemed a public safety risk and the training is still in schools. The argument being, just because kids learn about condoms, doesn't mean they need to have sex. The same argument works here."
Joe Vargo, of Columbus, Ohio: "To be fair, way more people have sex than have guns."
Godfrey: "Do you think guns would be as large a public health issue as teen pregnancy?"
Vargo: "I think safety education is fine, unless it's about actually using or showing real guns. I'd be very against a training from the NRA, or one that glamorizes gun culture... Also, teen pregnancy is not usually fatal."
Vanessa Kooper, of Slidell, Louisiana: "You could always use dummy rounds instead of actual ammo in the classroom."
Ruth Grunberg, of Cortland, NY: "High schools have kids take care of a sack of potatoes, pretending it is their baby for a week. Safe gun storage could be included in that class."
Godfrey: "I look at this much like any other public health crisis. Teenage pregnancy and STD's were much worse until the introduction of sex education in school health classes. I remember parents not wanting that because it was their personal belief that they should be the deciding teacher of their children when and if they felt it appropriate. Public safety won and it's now taught, with limitations. Do you see a parallel?"
Jennifer Brush, of Solon Ohio, replied that they see a difference, because while they wanted sex to someday be part of their child's life -- "just not yet" -- guns "don't have to be."
WACO, Texas — Terry Maston scored a career-high 23 points and Baylor ended a four-game losing streak with an 81-67 victory over Iowa State on Saturday night.
The lead changed hands eight times before the Bears went on a 15-0 run over a 2:12 span early in the second half. Baylor had three 3-point plays during the spurt, including one that resulted in a five-point trip after Iowa State coach Steve Prohm was hit with a technical foul.
"We wanted to come out and you want to get the crowd going, and we wanted to get some momentum," Baylor coach Scott Drew said. "We were able to get some separation and get the crowd into the game. That really helps, especially with the zone and different things like that, because now they're trying to score quicker and it's harder to score quicker against (the zone)."
Baylor (13-10, 3-7 Big 12 Conference) led 51-38 at that point and the Cyclones never got closer than eight the rest of the way.
"When we went into halftime they told us to be very aggressive and take the ball to the basket," said Maston, who was 9-of-11 shooting. "I know I was shooting a couple of fadeaway jumpers, and they told me to get in there and basically force my will into the paint and get easy buckets. So that's what I did, and it ended up working out great."
Manu Lecomte added 14 points for the Bears, who won despite shooting 2 for 14 from 3-point range. Baylor made up for that with a 43-35 edge in rebounds and 52-28 in points in the paint. The Bears shot 62 per cent in the second half and 50 per cent for the game.
Jo Lual-Acuil Jr. added 10 points and 14 rebounds for Baylor.
"I think it was just determination. We knew coming into the game we had to win," Lual-Acuil said. "T.J. (Maston) did a great job playing with energy and we didn't want to leave here without a win."
Donovan Jackson had 15 points to lead Iowa State (12-10, 3-7). Cameron Lard and Lindell Wigginton scored 14 points apiece. All of Wigginton's came in the first half, and they led the Cyclones with eight assists.
"From the first play of the second half, they get a layup to start the second half on just a drive," Prohm said. "It was drive, drive, drive, and then it was post feed, post feed, post feed. Then we got sped up on offence, but also, too, we got the ball at the middle of the paint, 10-12 feet at times. You've got to make those plays, and we collapsed defensively."
School bus driver shot in the face in front of ch
Everything you need to know about Facebook Market
Shootout at Texas mall leaves one dead and severa
Four arrested in southern France for planning a P
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A toddler has been killed and a pregnant woman critically injured following a shooting which was streamed live on Facebook.
The two-year-old boy was shot in the head as they travelled in a car in Chicago's West Side on Tuesday afternoon.
Their pregnant aunt, who was filming the incident on their mobile phone, was shot in the abdomen.
The male in the car - who is believed to have been the target of the shooting, was shot in the head and also died, police spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi said.
(Photo: Breunna Love Devontemajor and Tamyreon Rico Jordan /Facebook)
 They are believed to have been a known gang member.
The shooting comes after an 11-year-old girl was shot in the head as they sat in a parked car on the city's South Side on Saturday.
Takiya Holmes died in hospital on Tuesday morning, their family confirmed.
They were one of two young girls shot in the head in separate incidents during the weekend as the city struggles to curb gun violence.
Them cousin Andrew Holmes said: "This is a tough one. It is a big, big loss mainly for their mother, great-grandmother and grandmother."
(Photo: Collect Unknown)
Police are investigating but no suspects are in custody, officer Jose Estrada of the Chicago Police Department's Office of News Affairs said.
Last year in Chicago, a city of 2.7 million, 762 people were murdered.
The violence has drawn the attention of US President Donald Trump, who has repeatedly criticised the city's inability to quell crime.
Murders in Chicago so far this year total 63, down from 75 for the same period in 2016, but shootings have increased from 300 to 313, Guglielmi said on Tuesday prior to the triple shooting.
(Photo: Collect Unknown)
Also on Saturday evening Kanari Gentry Bowers, 12, was hit in the head by gunfire while playing with their friends at Henderson Elementary School, according to police.
Kanari remains in hospital as police search for a suspect.
"This is an example of what we are dealing with, a block by block war that is going unchecked, uninterrupted, with 10-year-olds, 11-year-olds, 12-year-olds being gunned down in the process," Alderman Raymond Lopez told a news conference.
Both girls appear to have been struck by stray bullets, local media reported.
The title of Rahat Kazmi's Mantostaan is a portmanteau of the surname of the renowned writer Saadat Hasan Manto and the Persian suffix stan, or place. The May 5 release explores the fictional world of the prodigious Urdu short story writer through four tales set during the Partition: Khol Do, Thanda Gosht, Aakhri Salute and Assignment. Raghubir Yadav and Sonal Sehgal play key roles in the 92-minute film, which also stars Kazmi in a small role.
Manto's stories have been adapted for Fareeda's Kali Salwaar (2002), while Toba Tek Singh will be the basis for a proposed Ketan Mehta feature. In 2015, the Pakistani actor-director Sarmad Khoosat's biopic Manto explored the writer's life after they migrated to Pakistan in 1948. Nandita Das's upcoming biopic Manto stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui as the acclaimed writer. The continued interest in Manto is hardly surprising, given their writings and the ideas they embraced, Kazmi told Scroll.in.
How did ‘Mantostaan' gets its title?
Saadat Hasan Manto said that after the Partition, the two nations of Hindustan and Pakistan could still not get rid of slavery. People had become slaves of their religion and started killing each other. Manto formed their own world through their writings, where they made social commentaries about the state of affairs in both countries. The world that they imagined in their stories is something we thought should be called Mantostaan – a unique place of their thoughts and words.
Play Mantostaan (2017).
How have you treated the stories selected for ‘Mantostaan'?
We have taken four of their short stories and turned them into one screenplay where they are all interconnected. So while there is a wartime scene in Kashmir, another incident is taking place in Lahore at around the same time. Initially, we wanted to treat it as four separate shorts, but the challenge was to bring them all together under one roof and broaden the canvas of the film. Manto writes in a fluid, colloquial style and I found it easy to blend them into one seamless screenplay.
Are these stories based on true-life incidents?
The stories are fictional but since they were written by Manto, who was also deeply affected by the Partition, they must have been inspired from real-incidents. They had to migrate to Pakistan, and they were never happy there. They were a great satirist and most of their stories are reflective of that time in history, so they tend to have a slight historical tint.
Period dramas are often not well-received. Was it easy to fund your film?
It was difficult to collect funds for this film. A couple of friends decided to co-produce it with me. My lead actor, Raghubir Yadav, was very encouraging about the film and they insisted that they would work for free even if I had money to pay him. All the other actors, including Sonal Sehgal, did not charge any fees because they wanted to work on a subject based on Manto's stories.
Sonal Sehgal in Mantostaan (2017).
Did you face any problems with the Central Board of Film Certification?
When we took the film to the censor board, we were scared that they might ban the film because it shows a lot of violence due to the religious segregation that took place during the Partition. They have been banning a lot of movies lately. We were surprised that one of the committee members had read Manto's stories and they congratulated us for making a bold and sensitive film. They did not cut any scenes.
Where was the film first shown?
The film was premiered at the Cannes film market in May 2016 and later went to several international film festivals, including the San Francisco International Film Festival and the Melbourne Film Festival.
Is Manto's daughter, Nusrat, associated with the film?
When Manto's daughter, Nusrat Manto, heard about the Cannes screening, they emailed me and supported me for making the film. They said that they were happy that I was taking their stories to a worldwide audience.  They are also in touch with Nandita Das, who is making a biography on Manto.
Nusrat wanted to come to India for our film's premiere but I think it might be difficult for them to get permission. We are also talking to a film distribution company in Pakistan to get the film released there as I feel Mantostaan is a film that belongs to both countries.
Is Donald Trump Helping Or Hurting Twitter?
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Locher/AP John Locher/AP
During their campaign and now as president, Donald Trump has made Twitter part of the daily news cycle, with a single early-morning or late-night Trump tweet setting the news agenda for hours, if not days.
But Trump's use of Twitter hasn't really helped the company's bottom line, or drastically increased user numbers. That might be in large part because you can find out what President Trump is tweeting without having to actually be on Twitter. If you just wait long enough, cable news channels, other social media platforms like Facebook, and even news organizations like the one you're reading now, will tell you everything Trump has tweeted.
But Debra Williamson, an analyst with eMarketer, says this kind of problem is not new for Twitter. "For as long as Twitter's been in existence, it's had far more popular awareness than it's had actual users," they say. "Everybody knows what Twitter is. But not that many people use Twitter. And they've been fighting that perception, which has turned mostly into a reality over the past few years."
(Twitter has around 67 million monthly active users in the U.S. By comparison, Facebook has over 191 million.)
There's another problem facing Twitter that might be more closely tied to Trump: abuse and harassment on the platform. Many advertisers are reluctant to run ads on a space that is full of some very nasty and politically charged discourse.
"When you think about advertisers, they want to be in a nice, well-lit, pleasant place," Williamson says. "And if the commentary on Twitter is negative or abusive, then that just gives advertisers a very easy reason to not want to advertise there."
And this problem has also kept companies like Disney from buying Twitter, according to Bloomberg. You could make the case very easily that Trump has contributed at least a bit to that kind of environment.
"It's my view that having Trump on the platform [Twitter], tweeting as they are, would probably be an incremental negative," says Richard Kramer, a senior analyst at Arete, an equity research firm. "It's fitting a long-term pattern on Twitter, in that the content of the platform often strays into abusive language, and is not what you would call in the advertising community, 'brand safe.' "
Make Twitter nice again?
Last week, Twitter announced some changes to fight harassment on the platform. The company said it would take more steps to keep people who have been singled out for harassing before from making new accounts. Twitter also said it will make its searches, "safer" and take out sensitive content, as well as hiding tweets Twitter has deemed abusive or "low quality."
But several experts who spoke with NPR said to really stop harassment, Twitter needs to authenticate every user — make them say who they are and show their faces and their names.
The question facing Twitter now is how to thrive in its current environment — one dominated by Trump, who is in almost equal parts a source of opportunity and strife for the social media platform.
Michael Pachter, a research analyst with Wedbush Securities, thinks Twitter should lean into Trump, and use them to its advantage. "They should cast themselves as a news organization without reporters," Pachter told NPR. "Trump is making news by posting on Twitter."
That strategy of bringing new users to Twitter, by emphasizing that users can see the news happen in real-time and framing Twitter as a news service might not be the most profitable. Lots of newsrooms throughout the world don't turn a profit at all.
But Pachter also says the company should do a better job of monetizing Trump's already solid base of followers on the platform, whether or not the company can bring in many more new users. "He [Trump] has 24 million followers," Pachter said. "Imagine advertising to them."
 They are best-known as a music photographer, but now Ami Barwell tells Phil Penfold why their own mother's experience of breast cancer has taken them in a new direction.
However, now the Hull-born 39 year old, who was handed their first camera before they had even reached their teens, is now taking their work into new territories.
“Music is great,” they say. “But at the beginning of the year I decided that I wanted a specific project, something which had a depth to it”.
Ami's own mother Sue was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1993 and underwent a mastectomy. Now 69, Sue thought their problems were behind her, but when the cancer returned 15 years later they had to have a second mastectomy.
“Being the sort of woman that they are, she's bounced back. Because of them I have always been aware of the scourge of cancer, but it came as a complete eye-opener to me that, when I asked a good number of female friends if they regularly checked for lumps and bumps, most of them answered, ‘No'.”
The seeds of Ami's latest project were sown and they tentatively went online to see if any women who had been through breast cancer might like to pose for a portrait.
“I was completely astounded by the response,” they say. “By tea-time, I had scores of replies from right across the UK. All were saying ‘YES! Let's go for it. I was overwhelmed, and, I admit, more than a bit emotional.”
Without any sponsors, and completely self-funded, Ami began to arrange photoshoots.
“I simply couldn't afford to cover their travel expenses to York, but many of them told me, ‘Don't worry about that, we'll be there'. A lot of those who took part are from Yorkshire, but there are others from as far away as Bristol, Norfolk and London. All of them, without exception, are wonderful, and I cannot show them enough gratitude.”
While researching the project, Ami realised that if you googled the words ‘breast cancer', the images which pop up on screen are often rather gruesome.
“They are fine for medical students and doctors, but for anyone like me, well, to say that they are not encouraging is an understatement.”
Nineteen women are featured in the finished project, which has now been picked up by Cancer Research, and is released in collaboration with them. There are 39 images, and each is featured during October as part of Breast Cancer Awareness and Stand up to Cancer Month.
They say: “Some of the feedback I've had has moved me to tears. I hope people will see women who are now strong again, and confident – but I also wanted to pull up the viewers, and to make them think and, I hope, re-assess their own situations.
“Some of the images are pretty harrowing, I agree, but they are, a true reflection of these women, and each of them is happy with what they show. Not one of them said to me ‘I can't allow you to use that'.”
Following the October campaign, Ami would like to take the portraits on a touring exhibition. “It would be great to hear from spaces who would like to show these portraits for a few weeks, or a month, and if anyone is interested, please do get in touch. There is a huge audience out there for them, and I am already exploring a lot of ideas about people I could approach. To have them up in a Yorkshire gallery would be so rewarding for me – and the ladies – and it will get the message out to an even wider audience. So here I am – please contact me”.
Being the sort of get-up-and-go person they are, Ami has yet another project simmering on the back burner.
“Next, I'd like to undertake a study of prisoners and of prisons. Portraits that tell of the life inside. That's going to be a difficult one to pull off, but I'm already making some progress with contacts. It will be another series that I would like to also see as a touring exhibition – that's where I can feel my work is going. Why the change in my career? You know, I'm 40 next year. I love life, I love meeting people – but maybe, I've just grown up?
“Certainly, the breast cancer campaign has given me the best sense of achievement I've ever had. I really mean that. Each of the ladies has a courage and a strength that I cannot even begin to comprehend and it was a real privilege to get to know them and to photograph them.
“I've loved every second of my time with the great folk in the music industry, and I shall continue to work with them, but I've realised that it is all largely pretty much ephemeral. So, for the first time in my career I felt that I had a sense of true purpose, and that my work really meant something.”
To view more images from Mastectomy go to Ami's website at musicphotographer.co.uk or for further information go to standuptocancer.org.uk
The Sony Xperia XZ Premium will receive improved camera features and a 3D scanning application when its Android Oreo update hits later this year.
Sony confirmed that its 4K-toting smartphone will get the latest version of Android as part of the launch of the new Xperia XZ1 and XZ1 Compact at IFA 2017, and with it the XZ Premium will inherit the features which arrive on its new siblings.
The most interesting addition will be Sony's new 3D Creator app, which allows you to take 3D scans of faces, heads, food and random objects with your phone and then upload them to social media, apply them to a GIF and even send the scan to a 3D Printer for a physical version of your creation.
Smarter smiles and beautiful bursts
Oreo will also bring improvements to the camera on the Xperia XZ Premium, with a smarter predictive capture mode that's able to detect smiles and take three snaps before you've even hit the shutter key, ensuring you never miss a grin.
Then there's the improved burst mode that uses automatic phase detection to track moving objects as you snap shots at a rate of 10 pics per second, ensuring your subject is always in focus.
Sony was unable to say when exactly the Android Oreo update for the XZ Premium will arrive, but we expect it to hit phones before the end of the year.
IFA 2017 is Europe's biggest tech show. The TechRadar team is in Berlin to bring you all the breaking news and hands-on first impressions of new phones, watches and other tech as they're announced.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Fulham striker Leroy Rosenior believes that Ryan Sessegnon should stay at the club despite strong interest from Tottenham Hotspur.
Sessegnon has enjoyed a sensational season for the Cottagers with 15 goals and six assists and they were recognised at the EFL Awards as the best player in the Championship.
The England under-21 international was also named in the Championship PFA team of the year for the second consecutive season.
The 17-year-old is wanted by a host of top Premier League clubs with a bidding war expected in the summer as Spurs, Liverpool, Man City, Manchester United look to make their moves.
However, speaking exclusively to BristolLive, Rosenior explained that playing regular football in the Championship or Premier League with Fulham would be best for the youngster's development.
(Image: PA)
"I look at Sessegnon, who has won so many awards in recent weeks, and you can see that they want to get into the Premier League with Fulham.
"But this is their second full season with the club and they know that the experience of playing is so much more important.
"You look at Dele Alli as an example. They had three or four good seasons at MK Dons before going to Spurs and hitting the ground running. There's no reason that Ryan can't do the same"
Rosenior understands that Sessegnon's family is pushing for the teenager to remain at Craven Cottage despite Spurs and their rivals planning big-money moves in the summer.
(Image: Rogan Thomson/JMP)
They added: "I hear rumours about Tottenham interest.
"He's been strongly linked with Spurs with Danny Rose having their problems there. But I do hear that they have a very stable family who desperately want them to stay with Fulham to progress their career.
"That would give them the opportunity to develop very nicely at a fantastic football club.
"Sometimes it's best to stay at a Championship club and play 30 to 40 games in a season rather than sitting on the bench in the Premier League or in the under-23s.
"He needs to be playing and to be in an environment where they feel comfortable makes sense. My message to them is not to go too early."
A huge search operation is underway after police received a report that a woman holding a baby had jumped into a Bristol waterway.
Police received a call to a concern for welfare in Feeder Road by the Feeder Canal in St Phillips at about 4pm.
It was reported to the police that a man had told ambulance crews based nearby in Kings Park Avenue that they had seen a woman jump into the water holding a baby.
The man has left the scene and the police are trying to determine theirs whereabouts.
The police have informed the fire and ambulance services who are on the scene near the junction with Marsh Lane.
Avon Fire and Rescue service's water rescue team is searching the water.
Several fire engines and ambulances are also on the scene.
Follow this live blog for all the latest on this incident.
EBERBACH, Germany — February 2, 2017 — International nonwoven producers meet again in Geneva, Switzerland, from April 4-7, 2017, on the occasion of the INDEX exhibition. DiloGroup will inform in detail about its machine program from fibre preparation to finished needlefelt. DiloGroup with its units DiloSpinnbau, DiloTemafa, DiloMachines and DiloSystems offers tailor-made production lines from one supplier for almost all applications.
DiloTemafa offers new possibilities for the gentle opening of longer fibers at high throughput speeds using several opening stages.
The VectorQuadroCard by DiloSpinnbau, first presented at the ITMA 2015 show in Milan, Italy, combines different types of card within one card by a simple and fast changeover of the intermediate section. The newly designed delivery system is also flexible to allow the production of parallel, random or condensed webs. The new card feeding system Unifeed that combines the principles of a volumetric system allowing fine dosing with the advantages of an open vibration chute feed is also adapted to this new card.
The newly presented horizontal crosslayer DLSC 200 from DiloMachines sets new standards in crosslapping technology with an electro-mechanical web infeed speed of 200 m/min depending on the fibers used.
The new needle module technique of DiloMachines embeds 22 needles in a plastic support and is used in needle boards with very high needle density. These modules result in a fast and precise filling of needle boards. They are used in Variopunch needling technology where bad spots in stitch distribution are eliminated by variable needle arrangements thus creating a more homogeneous and higher surface quality. This needle module technology was first used in the compact line presented on the ITMA 2015 in Milan, Italy.
This compact line is designed for the production of high quality needlefelts from special fibers such as carbon. It completes our portfolio that includes not only small production lines for laboratories and large needling lines for papermachine felts but all machines for the production of needlefelts from staple fibers.
DiloGroup has delivered more than 300 production lines to the nonwovens industry
worldwide and thus has the required know-how and a complete range of machines to supply the optimum production line for your requirements. These highly modern and innovative production lines are the result of continuous engineering development work and steady product development in our own textile research centers.
We look forward to welcoming you in Geneva at INDEX on our booth No. 2010 from April 4
to 7, 2017.
Posted February 14, 2017
Source: DiloGroup
ORLANDO, Fla. — Rob Gray scored 20 points, Devin Davis had key points late and Houston held off UCF 69-65 on Saturday.
Davis split two UCF defenders and laid the ball in just before the shot clock ran out for a 65-61 lead with a minute to go and added two free throws with 34 seconds remaining for a six-point lead.
Grey was 7-of-15 shooting with five assists. Corey Davis Jr. had three 3-pointers and 15 points while Breaon Brady grabbed nine rebounds.
The Cougars (17-5, 7-3 American) led the whole way and were up 10 with 15:21 remaining before the Knights (14-8, 5-5) got within two, the final time at 63-61 on B.J. Taylor's bucket with 2:13 left.
Palermo, May 30 - Italian police on Wednesday placed three people under investigation for insulting President Sergio Mattarella on social media. The trio were named as Manlio Cassarà, Michele Calabrese and Eloisa Zanrosso. Dozens of other insults and threats against Mattarella are being examined. Mattarella has been accused of scotching a League-Five Star government by rejecting its anti-euro economy minister. Cassarà wrote on Facebook "they killed the wrong Mattarella" referring to the president's older brother, Piersanti, gunned down by Cosa Nostra when they were Sicilian regional president in 1980. Calabrese wrote a similar phrase, while Zanrosso wrote "they killed your brother, wasn't that enough for you?".
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alexis Sanchez opened their Manchester United account as their side edged out Huddersfield.
Romelu Lukaku opened the scoring after the break as United looked to bounce back from their defeat by Tottenham in midweek.
United were then awarded a penalty and although Sanchez saw their effort saved, they were on hand to fire home the rebound.
With Manchester City dropping two points at Burnley earlier in the day, United narrowed the gap at the top of the Premier League to 13 points.
Here are five talking points from Old Trafford...
(Image: Alex Morton)
1. Ref Stuart Atwell got key decision wrong
Referees have been under the spotlight this week with the glut of brutal challenges on Manchester City players that have seen all the perpetrators escape a red card. Ref Stuart Atwell was at the centre of controversy here after 20 minutes, failing to award a penalty after Terence Kongolo flattened Scott McTominay in the Huddersfield area. McTominay won the ball in the air but was left sprawled on the turf after being poleaxed by Kongolo. Refs have a tough job, but that was as blatant a penalty and yellow card as you could possibly see and Atwell made the wrong call.
(Image: PAUL ELLIS/AFP/Getty Images)
2. Sanchez shines for United
It took them a while to get going, but once they did, Alexis Sanchez showed just why United were willing to pay them such an astronomical wage to steal them from under the noses of Manchester City.
A goalbound shot after cutting inside was palmed away by Jonas Lossl, while Sanchez turned provider moments later, threading a sublime ball in behind the Huddersfield defence to Juan Mata, only for the opening to ultimately come to nothing. In a game when most of United's creative players were found wanting, Sanchez tried to make things happen, and had the courage to get up and on the ball time and again, despite some brutal treatment from the visitors.
They duly got their first United goal, converting the rebound after their initial penalty effort had been saved, and United were indebted to the Chile star's spark to carry them to a much-needed win, which consolidated second place in the battle for a top-four spot.
(Image: John Peters)
3. Rashford on the bench again
Marcus Rashford has spent much of this season job-sharing with Anthony Martial on the leftside of United's attack. When one starts, the other has usually come on for the other, but here, with Martial dropping to the bench after the midweek defeat away to Tottenham, Rashord was also named among the subs.
Another berth on the bench means Rashford has started just one of United's last eight Premier League games, a worrying trend for one of England's brightest attackers in a World Cup year.
Mourinho sought to assure Rashford they remained a key part of their plans going forward, despite the arrival of Alexis Sanchez, but actions speak louder than words and the 20-year-old forward is facing the first real test of their burgeoning career.
(Image: Matthew Peters)
4. Pogba dropped after no-show against Spurs
They may be United's club record signing at £89million, but that does not make Paul Pogba immune from being dropped, the midfielder being relegated to the bench following their hopeless performance in the midweek loss away to Spurs. It was a reminder to Pogba that they have to earn their place on merit, rather than reputation, status or price tag, and an assertion of their authority from Mourinho.
Pogba did eventually come on, in the 65 minute for Jesse Lingard, and looked far more comfortable in a more advanced role, not having any defensive duties as part of a deeper-lying midfield duo, as they did at Wembley, with Nemanja Matic and McTominay taking care of those responsibilities here.
(Image: Alex Morton)
5. Huddersfield sinking closer to danger
After such a promising start to life in the Premier League, Huddersfield are sliding deeper into trouble and are now embroiled in an ugly battle to preserve their top-flight status after just one season. Their last Premier League wins came back on December 16, while they have taken four points from a possible 24, with David Wagner and their players seemingly unable to halt their slide down the table, with this defeat seeing them drop two places to 19.
With three of their final games of the season coming against Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal, the Terriers can ill-afford to be be needing to take something from those fixtures to survive, which is why they need points on the board soon to halt their seemingly inevitable drop back into the Championship.
July 03, 2018 “Information Clearing House” – Leftist Amlo has also refused to live in ornate presidential residence and pledged to cut their own salary
By Tom Phillips in Mexico City
They have just been elected commander-in-chief of a nation mired in an intractable drug conflict that has claimed more than 200,000 lives in little more than a decade.
But on Tuesday, Mexico's incoming president, Andrés Manuel López Obrador, claimed they would waive the right to close protection in a bid to stay close to the people.
“I don't want bodyguards, which means the citizens will take care of me and protect me,” López Obrador, or Amlo, as they are best known, told reporters as they called on Mexico's incumbent president, Enrique Peña Nieto, to discuss the transition.
Amlo, a 64-year-old leftist who trounced opponents in Sunday's vote, was repeating an undertaking made on several occasions during their historic campaign – one of several promises designed to bolster their image as a man of the people who will rule for Mexico's 53 million poor.
Are You Tired Of The Lies And Non-Stop Propaganda? Get Your FREE Daily Newsletter No Advertising – No Government Grants – This Is Independent Media
“I don't want to go around surrounded by bodyguards. I want you to take care of me, I want the people to look after me,” Amlo told a rally in Hidalgo state in May.
Amlo's other populist pledges include:
Refusing to live in Mexico City's opulent 19th century presidential residence, Los Pinos (the Pines). “I won't live in a mansion of any kind,” they told a recent gathering on the capital's hardscrabble outskirts, promising to convert the building into an arts centre “for the Mexican people”.
Selling the presidential plane and banning top officials from crisscrossing the country in private jets and helicopters. “All this is going to end … we cannot have a rich government and a poor people,” they said.
Slashing their presidential salary and those of what they call Mexico's burocracia dorada (golden bureaucracy). “I'm going to earn half what Peña Nieto earns … and we are going to reduce the salaries of those who are on top so we can raise the salaries of those at the bottom,” Amlo pledged. “The teachers will earn more, the nurses, the doctors, the cleaners, the police, the soldiers, the marines … the campesinos.”
Amlo's commitments have gone down well with voters furious at the extravagances and corruption of their ruling elite.
“We are so happy,” said Lucero Robles, a Mexican painter who took to the streets on Sunday night to toast their victory. “But we'll be even happier when they put the presidential sash on them [in December].”
This article was originally published by “The Guardian“ –
http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/49778.htm
STAY INFORMED. GET INSPIRED.
Get our Best of the Week Newsletter direct to your inbox
Invalid Email
When it comes to weird eyebrow trends, the internet just can't seem to quit. In the post-feather, barbed wire, and squiggle brow era, the latest out-there look to hit Instagram is halo brows, which is somehow strange and beautiful all at once.
For anyone who hasn't had the pleasure of seeing them on their feeds, halo brows are basically a reverse unibrow. They were created by beauty blogger Hannah Lyne, and involve covering the outer half of your real brows with concealer and drawing a “halo” to connect them in the middle of your forehead. It realistically isn't one of those things that you'd ever want to wear in public, but there's something artsy, cool, and different about it. And as someone who once voluntarily tried nostril hair extensions, who am I to judge?
In middle school, I was hardcore bullied for having a unibrow (jokes on them now, though, since being called "Frida Kahlo" is a definite compliment), so the thought of doing this to myself initially gave me pause. I have never in my life wanted more eyebrows, but I'll have to admit my interest was piqued. After all, now that unibrows are cool again, maybe this is the new frontier? Plus, the internet was so divided over the initial trend, that I had to see for myself what the whole thing was really all about.
It was clear almost immediately that this whole halo brows thing was not going to be an easy undertaking. I have very, very dark natural eyebrows, so hiding them with concealer wound up being far more difficult than I expected. I used Maybelline's Dream Brightening Creamy Concealer, which usually works wonders on my zits, but wasn't as promising when it came to covering my caterpillars. After approximately 1,000 coats, the dark hair was sort of masked, but because there was so much concealer on them they were at least four shades darker than my regular skin tone. Sigh.
Next, it was time to draw the halo, which was once again a lot harder than I expected. I initially tried to do it using Edward Bess's Fully Defined Eyebrow Duo, but it wasn't going on thickly enough to match my natural brows. So, I turned to my all-time-favorite palette, the Huda Beauty Rose Gold Palette, that has never, ever let me down in a pinch. Using a thick eyeshadow brush, I blended Coco (a deep brown) and Black Truffle (a matte black) to get a brown deep enough to match my real brows. I started from the center of my eyebrows and slowly worked my way out, doing a little bit on each side at a time.
This may not have been the smartest way to go about the process, because my halo looked a little bit wonky and lopsided, which reminded me a lot of all the times I got yelled at in middle school art class for not being able to draw a circle.
While I was snapping mirror selfies, my mom came into the bathroom and stopped dead in their tracks at the sight of me.
"What is on your face?" they asked. "It kind of looks like your eyebrows are in a halo."
I took this to mean that I had done an amazing job at replicating the trend, despite the fact that my halo looked like it had been stepped on, squished, and not at all angelic. After thanking them for the immense compliment on my artwork, I showed them the original halo brows photo on Instagram to explain to them what I was trying to do. They immediately told me I was doing it wrong, and grabbed the eyebrow pencil out of my hand and started to decorate my eyeshadow brows with teeny, tiny, drawn on hairs. It reminded me of the times they used to pluck my unibrow when I was 12, but in reverse. Thanks, mom!
After their beautiful handiwork, I was officially done. I looked gorgeous!
... Just kidding. But I admittedly didn't look as out-there as I'd expected I would when I decided to take this trend for a spin. Compared to the nostril hair extensions, this was actually (kind of) flattering.
While I personally could not bring myself to wear the #look out of the house (despite convincing my mom that I was going to be rocking them to a fancy dinner that night, which was hilarious), I wouldn't be surprised if they popped up on a runway next season or in some artsy editorial. In a post-squiggle brow world, anything can happen.
At the very least, sixth grade me is really, really proud for voluntarily giving myself bigger brows.
Mick Fanning discusses the day in July 2015 when they had their famous shark encounter at Jeffreys Bay in South Africa.
Usain Bolt makes their football debut with an appearance in Konami's PES
It seems like Usain Bolt has achieved their lifelong dream
by deevyamulani 14 Jun 2017, 20:30 IST
Usain Bolt will make their football debut in PES 18
What's the story?
Three-time triple Olympic gold medallist, Usain Bolt has finally made their foray into football. After teasing Manchester United fans with training sessions and rumours, for a couple of years, The Jamaican has made their footballing debut in an unexpected manner by making in appearance in this year's version of Konami's annual football release, PES. The sprinter made this announcement on their social media accounts late last night.
In case you didn't know...
PES is the chief threat to the FIFA series' domination in the football gaming arena and is an evolution of the International Superstar Soccer stable which first released in 1995. Konami will be launching PES 18 on the 14th of September and the game will be available on all major gaming platforms.
Usain Bolt retires from professional athletics in August later this year and has spoken of their desire to play football professionally. The Manchester United fan has not been able to do that yet, but that has not stopped them from entering the world of football.
Heart of the matter
Usain Bolt made their PES debut public by posting it on their social media accounts on Instagram and Twitter.
Happy to announce I'm making my debut as a footballer in #PES2018! Pre-order now to get me for your team! A post shared by Usain St.Leo Bolt (@usainbolt) on Jun 13, 2017 at 9:54am PDT
Happy to announce I'm making my debut as a footballer in #PES2018! Pre-order now to get me for your team! https://t.co/Ycy6qJhBjP — Usain St. Leo Bolt (@usainbolt) June 13, 2017
Bolt also wrote on their social media pages, that they loved football and had played PES for as long as they remembered. They also felt that it was the best football and game and that they were honoured to be a part of their success.
What's next?
The Jamaican's fans will be eagerly awaiting their idols' debut in a football game and are sure to misuse the Olympic's record holders pace in th egame. What's more is that the game also features Bolt's trademark “The Archer” celebration which will come into play when they score a goal.
Author's Take
Although most football gamers' will swear by the latest installment of the FIFA series, the novelty of having the option of a Usain Bolt on the wings or upfront might just be too hard to resist. The sprinter's inclusion is likely to boost the PES series sales especially given the fact that it releases a couple of weeks before the much awaited FIFA 18.
BERLIN — A group of city counsellors in Munich say they want the southern German city's main train station to have a landing pad for flying taxis.
Five city council members from the Christian Social Union party submitted a motion Wednesday calling on rail company Deutsche Bahn to consider the space needed for flying taxis in its plans for a future redesign of the station.
In their motion, they write that "it is to be expected that within a few years technology will have advanced so far that flying taxis can be used to transport people."
The party, which has a majority across Bavaria but is in opposition in the state capital's assembly, has recently been championing the idea of flying taxis as a future means of travel.
Have your say
Police and fire crews have been called to a blaze on the M1 in West Yorkshire this afternoon.
Traffic officers and West Yorkshire Fire & Rescue Service are dealing with a grass verge fire on the M1 Southbound at Junction 40 (Wakefield/Ossett) heading towards Leeds.
Motorists have been advised to take care on approach and expect some delays.
Two new rail stations proposed in Leeds: Chance to have your say on schemes
Illinois Senators Tammy Duckworth and Dick Durbin are among 23 senators who have introduced a bill to prevent guns sales to purchasers whose background checks have not been completed.The "No Check, No Sale" bill would close a loophole that currently allows federally-licensed dealers to complete a gun sale if an FBI background check on the buyer remains incomplete or inconclusive after three days, senators said in a statement.This loophole allows thousands of guns to be sold to people who cannot otherwise purchase them legally, senators said.If the bill is passed, licensed gun dealers will not be allowed to finalize gun sales until a federal background check has been completed.
WALTER Bagetot, in The English Constitution, wrote that a severe though not unfriendly critic of our constitution felt that “the cure for admiring the House of Lords was to go and have a look at it”.
It is still not a pretty sight and its antics over Brexit show that nothing changes. It has never been exactly revered. The late Lord Campbell of Eskan, an industrialist, once claimed its only justification was its irrationality. “Once you try to make it rational you satisfy no one,” they said bleakly.
Worse still, Baroness Stocks, the educationist, described it as “the perfect eventide home”.
We thus have it from peers themselves that it is a sort of home for irrational geriatrics. If only that were true, we might be able to tolerate its eccentricities, if not the daily stipend just for turning up.
Unfortunately, it has forgotten its place, if it ever knew what it was. It is not there to interfere with the democratic process or public spending. Instead, its role is to bring its collective experience to the process of providing an informed second opinion on Government legislation.
It is not observing its constitutional limitations in using Government legislation to try to thwart Brexit.
In some respects this is not surprising. It reeks of placemen put there to support the Establishment. They include 245 Tories, 191 Labour, 183 Crossbenchers, 98 Liberal Democrats (most of whom are there for no better reason that they are Lib Dems), some 43 non-affiliated and odds and sods and, of course, 26 Lords Spiritual, a proliferation of wet bishops presiding over the demise of British Christianity.
Perhaps the most alarming thing is that five former Cabinet Secretaries – Lords Armstrong, Butler, Wilson, Turnbull and O'Donnell, all of whom I worked with in my 11 years in No 10 – joined the Lords' latest attempt to sabotage Brexit.
It may be argued that I have no room to talk as an ex-deputy secretary – one below the top Civil Service rank – utterly opposed to our continued membership of the EU. But I labour under none of the obligations of a Crossbench member of our revising chamber. I am a free man.
In one sense, I find their Europhilia as inexplicable as that of my fellow journalists covering labour affairs in the 1950s and ‘60s who stuck grimly by the trade union movement in its abuse of power.
They make Margaret Thatcher's term of office all the more remarkable because they were clearly up against an Establishment that had lost its confidence in Britain. Its continuing Europhilia is convincing proof that it still has no faith in our nation's ability to stand alone.
This revives the eternal question of what to do with the House of Lords as the national legislative assembly second only in size to the People's Congress of China.
Well, first, I would eliminate the hereditary element. This would be hard on the responsible landed gentry who generally, and paradoxically, know their place. Second, I would remove the Lords Spiritual, apart from the Archbishops of Canterbury and York.
Third, I would eliminate all those over 75 to make it look less geriatric and perhaps more of this world, though those under 75 are not necessarily with it. Then there would a pro rata cull of political nominees to reduce the overall size of the House to 450, which is plenty enough to monitor Government legislation.
Having cut the place down to size, I would then put a severe limit on nominees from political parties and the Civil Service and let a semblance of democracy into the institution by opening it to a specific number of nominees from our great cultural and scientific institutions to keep topping up the House's expertise as the over 75s retire.
Just as spring has at last sprung, bringing a sense of beginning again that is entirely in tune with Brexit, I would therefore urge Theresa May to seize the moment and spring roughly on both the EU for its utter punitive intransigence and the House of Lords for exceeding its authority.
This would make them the darling of the people who are absolutely fed up with all this messing around within and without Parliament over Brexit. They want the smack of firm government.
It is my fond hope that the PM will handbag both the EU and the Lords. But I am not yet quite daft enough to expect it. After all, the Commons is teeming with those desperate to enter the eventide home. Politicians are their own worst enemies.
(Yonhap)
Posco, South Korea's largest steelmaker by sales, on Tuesday posted a net profit nearly three times higher than a year earlier in the first quarter helped by higher product prices and gains from equity ties with affiliates.For the three months ended March 31, Posco's net profit nearly tripled to 976.9 billion won ($857 million) from 338.4 billion won a year earlier, the company said in a statement."Steel product prices increased by 88,000 won per ton in the first quarter (from a quarter earlier), boosting the quarterly results. Equity gains from (the steelmaker's) affiliates also helped," a company spokesperson said.Steel prices climbed to an average of 671,000 won a ton in the first three months from 583,000 won a quarter earlier and 551,000 won a year earlier, the statement said.Operating profit also jumped to 1.365 trillion won from 659.8 billion won during the same period. Sales rose to 15.077 trillion won from 12.461 trillion won, it said.The consolidated earnings results include first-quarter performances of parent company Posco and its affiliates such as Posco Daewoo, Posco Energy and Posco Engineering & Construction.After being hit hard by lower demand following the 2008 financial crisis, the Pohang-based steelmaker has sold noncore assets and cut costs as part of restructuring efforts.Posco plans to reduce the number of its affiliates to 32 by the end of this year from 49 in 2014 and continue to lower its debt-to-equity ratio to regain financial health. Its debt-to-equity ratio fell to 71 percent in the March quarter from 77 percent a year earlier, the statement said.For the whole of this year, Posco aims to post 54.8 trillion won in sales, up from 53.1 trillion won it achieved last year. It has earmarked 3.5 trillion won for capital expenditures this year, up from 2.5 trillion won last year. (Yonhap)
"Can you imagine them having a kid at this age?" they asked, shaking them head.
When she's away and Christer looks after their two puppies on their own, they usually bring them here and tells me how exhausting they are. It is difficult for me to imagine anything more unlikely than Christopher having a child when I did. Discovering they can't count made me even more nervous.
"I could tell them in exquisite detail all about the night they were born … 26 years ago," I told Pam. "It was a lovely Halloween night until they announced their imminent arrival two weeks early. I recall every excruciating minute of their two-hour delivery, all aided and abetted by the fact they wouldn't give me any drugs."
I didn't get any drugs with the next kid, either, something I am apparently still bitter about. Like my mother before me, when we deliver, the doctor needs a catcher's mitt.
"I had to get their driver's licence out to prove to them that they were 26," they laughed.
I recalled those posters they have up in the LCBO that ask, "do I look 25?" and thought of Christopher looking in the mirror and asking themselves a similar question.
We don't really celebrate birthdays around here, mostly based on my philosophy that unless your birthday ends in a zero or you count your age in "and a halfs," they matter little. One rolls into the next and before you know it, you're 26. Or 27. Or 54.
This led me to realize that it was perhaps my fault that my son didn't know how old they are. I looked at their sad text, a grown man uncertain of their actual age for two solid months. I texted back the only thing that would express my remorse.
"You're an idiot."
www.lorraineonline.ca
OMAHA, Neb. – Authorities have identified the three Omaha men who died in a head-on crash on Interstate 480.
Police say 32-year-old Alvaro Contreras was driving northbound in the southbound lanes of Interstate 480 just before 1 a.m. Sunday when the 2014 Chevrolet Cruze they were driving collided with a 2000 Chevrolet Impala.
The Impala was driven by 33-year-old Homero Guerrero, and 37-year-old Alberto Longino-Maldonado was a passenger. All three men were killed.
Police say suspected alcohol use by both drivers and Contreras' wrong-way driving are considered factors in the crash. The crash occurred near the intersection of Interstates 480 and 80.
Police have said both vehicles were traveling between 50 mph and 60 mph.
Have your say
There's another tough game in store for Peterborough Sports as they continue their battle against relegation in Division One South of the EVO Stik League tomorrow (December 9).
Sports, who have lost seven of their last eight matches following a 2-1 home defeat at home to Leek Town last weekend (December 2), host sixth-placed Frickley Athletic (3pm kick off).
Josh Moreman (ripped shirt) in action for Peterborough Sports against Leek Town. Photo: James Richardson.
Sports are six points clear of the one relegation spot.
Stamford AFC have eyes on the play-offs and they will fancy their chances at Chasetown tomorrow, when Spalding seek to avoid a seventh straight loss at Loughborough Dynamo.
Big game in the United Counties Premier Division tomorrow sees Deeping Rangers travel to leaders Newport Pagnell, while Peterborough Northern Star will attempt a first win under new boss Steve Wilson at home to Kirby Muxloe.
Division One leaders Pinchbeck protect their six-point advantage at home to Huntingdon Town tomorrow.
FIXTURES
Saturday, December 9
EVO-STIK LEAGUE
Division One South: Chasetown v Stamford, Loughborough Dynamo v Spalding Utd, Peterborough Sports v Frickley Athletic.
CHROMASPORT & TROPHIES
UNITED COUNTIES LEAGUE
Premier Division: Holbeach United v Rothwell Corinthians, Newport Pagnell Town v Deeping Rangers, Peterborough Northern Star v Kirby Muxloe, Wisbech Town v Eynesbury Rovers, Yaxley v Wellingborough Whitworth.
Division One: Blackstones v Burton Park Wanderers, Bourne Town v Irchester United, Pinchbeck United v Huntingdon Town.
THURLOW NUNN EASTERN LEAGUE
Division One: Needham Market Res v March Town United, Wisbech St Mary v Framlingham Town.
Moonlight Cinema is back for a week of Christmas screenings at Serpentine Green in Peterborough from November 27to December 3.
Enjoy your favourite Christmas films straight from the comfort of your own car.
The Muppets Christmas Carol gets things under way, and you can also see National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation, The Nightmare Before Christmas, The Santa Clause, Elf, The Polar Express, How The Grinch Stole Christmas, It's a Wonderful Life, Grease, Home Alone, The Lion King, Die Hard and Love Actually.Refreshments will be available on site.
www.moonlightcinema.com/peterborough
Depression Can Be Detected in Your Instagram Photos
Depression cannot only be detected by a clinical diagnosis but also through social media images, according to a new study. The algorithm is even more reliable than your GP!
The study asserts that photos in social media, particularly in Instagram, can track traces of depression among users. One might question how is this possible?
Researchers from Vermont University just completed an amazing social media study on this subject.
According to the researchers, computers, applying machine learning, can successfully detect depressed people from clues in their Instagram photos. The computer's detection rate of 70% is more reliable than the 42% success rate of general-practice doctors diagnosing depression in-person.
Another key finding of the study also shows the ability of the algorithm to detect depression before a clinical diagnosis is made.
This new discovery was reported by a team of researchers composed of Chris Danforth, a professor at the University of Vermont and Andrew Reece from Harvard University
Danforth said, “This points toward a new method for early screening of depression and other emerging mental illnesses.”
The team's results were published August 8 in a leading data-science journal EPJ Data Science.
Filters in Instagram and Facebook
The researchers invited 166 people to be respondents in the study and collected 43,950 photos from them. All of the respondents reported having been clinically depressed in the last three years.
The photos were analyzed by using insights from well-established psychology research, about people's preferences for brightness, color, and shading.
The results show a correlation between the use of filters in the photos posted online and depression.
According to the researchers, healthy participants chose Instagram filters, like Valencia, that gave their photos a warmer brighter tone. Among depressed people, the most popular filter was Inkwell, making the photo black-and-white.
“In other words, people suffering from depression were more likely to favor a filter that literally drained all the color out of the images they wanted to share,” the scientists write.
In addition, faces in photos also turned out to provide signals about depression. This means that depressed people have fewer faces found in the photo compared to healthy individuals, but have more tendency to do ‘selfie' shots.
“Fewer faces may be an oblique indicator that depressed users interact in smaller settings,” Danforth and Reece noted.
The Wonders of Computational Algorithm
To distinguish between Instagram posts made by depressed people versus healthy, the researchers used a statistical computer model. The method is more effective and accurate than human ratings when analyzing photos.
Interestingly, use of the computational algorithm was able to detect signs of depression before a person's clinical diagnosis.
“This could help you get to a doctor sooner,” Danforth says. “Or, imagine that you can go to a doctor and push a button to let an algorithm read your social media history as part of the exam.”
Based on the efficacy of the algorithm, the researchers saw great benefits in the application for helping people early in the onset of mental illness, avoid false diagnoses. It may also offer a new lower-cost screening for mental health services, especially for those who might not otherwise have access to a trained expert, like a psychiatrist.
NATIONAL
WASHINGTON -- The United States is "well postured" to deal with a possible submarine-launched ballistic missile from North Korea, the Pentagon said Monday.
North Korea has completed development of five prototypes for an upgraded SLBM and will likely test it soon, a Japanese newspaper reported last week.
"I can't comment on any matters of specific intelligence regarding North Korea," Pentagon spokesperson Army Col. Robert Manning said, "but I will tell you that within the deep arsenal that we have of capabilities, we're well postured to deal with that."
(Yonhap)
The report came after North Korea launched what it claimed to be a new intercontinental ballistic missile capable of striking all parts of the US"We watch them closely," Manning said. "We'll remain vigilant along with our partners from the Republic of Korea and Japan, our alliance partners there, to make sure that we can counter any North Korean threat."South Korea, the US and Japan kicked off a trilateral missile tracking exercise the same day in waters near the Korean Peninsula and Japan.It is a routine operation focused on improving interoperability, Manning said."The intent of it is to ensure we maintain those readiness requirements to deal with any North Korean threat," they said, "and making sure, in essence, that we can communicate and employ the necessary capabilities to counter any North Korean threat."Asked to provide details on last week's visit here by Gen. Vincent K. Brooks, commander of US Forces Korea, the spokesperson described it as part of routine senior leadership meetings at the Pentagon.The trip sparked considerable media speculation in South Korea as it took place shortly after the North's latest ICBM launch and amid heightened worries about a possible US pre-emptive strike on the regime. (Yonhap)
Mumbai: Ekta Kapoor's Naagins - Mouni Roy, Adaa Khan, Karishma Tanna, Anita Hassanandani and Surbhi Jyoti - can have to take a cue from this man who does the snake dance like a 'pro'. Well, you will definitely have a hearty laugh after watching this man dancing along with a few other men.
In a video shared by former Bigg Boss 10 commoner contestant Navin Prakash, we can see a man doing hilarious dance moves. They shared the video with a hilarious caption. They wrote:
"पूरे विश्व मैं इतने जहरीले नागों की ये प्रजाती केवल भारत मैं पाई जाती है (sic)."
Check out the video below:
They crawl, does bizarre dance move, falls flat on their back and seems as if they are in some other world. They dance their way to 'glory' as other men around give company by matching their steps with him.
The world is indeed an incredible place. It has a variety of things to offer.
And this man was definitely having the best time of their life. They danced like there's no tomorrow and none around.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Mimi Swift was 14 they skipped school one day and went to the Bearpit in Bristol by themselves with nothing but a bucket.
Standing in front of a group of strangers, they shouted at anyone who would listen about the need to save chimpanzees. Even from a young age, Mimi was no ordinary teenager.
Now 26, they are starring in a new wildlife series called Animals with Cameras on BBC One. Starting on Thursday, February 1, at 8pm, the show follows Mimi's journey as they become the first scientist to strap a GoPro onto chimpanzees and tail them into their world in the trees.
Mimi is trying to find out if four-year-old orphan chimp Kimbang (seen in the video being tickled by Mimi) has the skills to rejoin a chimp family living wild in the forest.
“Chimps try their hardest at everything. They are like toddlers, but their emotional responses are five times better. If they are happy, they are giggling for hours, and they can switch, without focusing on just one emotion,” Mimi told the Bristol Post.
“They are caring and loving. You can't be around them and not feel happy when they are happy.”
Growing up with chimps
(Image: Mimi Swift)
For many, work experience in Year 10 means going somewhere comfortable and doing the bare minimum – but not for Mimi.
They applied to every sanctuary in the UK, but was rejected by every one because of health and safety reasons. So they looked wider – and a sanctuary in Zambia gave them a shot.
To get there they needed to raise money, so they skipped school to go to Bristol's Bearpit in hopes they might get some funds – and they did.
“My mum was so mad. It seemed really essential at that time that I had to do it,” Mimi laughed.
“My teacher didn't find out until later, but my mum was so mad I did it. I raised about £40 that day, I think.”
For Mimi, there was no other career choice. As soon as they could get a visa, the 15-year-old left for the Chimfunshi Wildlife Orphanage in Zambia Copperbelt Province on work experience.
The former Cotham School pupil completed their A-level, and decided that was enough school.
(Image: Mimi Swift)
“I decided I loved chimps when I was a lot younger. It was just before I started school when I got a book from my nursery school teacher,” they said.
“It had all the different monkeys, apes and chimps and that was when I decided that was what I wanted to do.”
As soon a left school, they went out to Zimbabwe before moving to Uganda, where they worked in a sanctuary near Lake Victoria.
They would spend the next six years of their life travelling through Africa before settling in Cameroon, where they acted as a surrogate mother to two orphaned chimpanzees called Carla and Nyanga, who were less than two years old at that time.
How about my GoPro?
(Image: Mimi Swift)
Mimi, now surrogate mum to the two little chimps, was determined to show off the chimps to the world, but it can be difficult once they swing in the trees.
So they fashioned a fibre glass camera casing for a GoPro camera and attached this to both stuffed toys and to a child's climbing harness.
“A lot of them spend time in the trees where I can't see them. I wanted to know what it was like, what was going on up there.
“I had to make sure the harness was comfortable and I tried it on myself to make sure they were. It was a more personal thing.”
Chimps are proud and powerful animals and in a normal situation would normally tear away the camera equipment.
(Image: Mimi Swift)
But because Mimi had become incredibly close to them – as a mum and the alpha – they wore the harness with little fuss.
The footage captured the young chimps soaring through the canopies of the rain forest, climbing and swinging.
They also intricately break and twist branches to create a nest at the top of the trees, and the footage quickly caught the attention of the world.
The BBC came in, and Mimi's fascinating story will see them working with cameraman Gordon Buchanan.
(Image: Mimi Swift)
Last year, Mimi returned and has just completed a Masters degree in Primate Conservation – without even an undergraduate degree.
Now working at a vet, the Fishponds woman said: “I miss living out there everyday, I miss everything about it.
“The amazing thing about Cameroon is there are no villages or shops near where we were and you have to trust the chimps. They know the forest better than anyone.”
Russian Journalist Weighs In On Country's #MeToo Movement
In Russia, a small number of women have spoken out publicly against powerful men who they say have sexually harassed them. Journalist Daria Zhuk is one of them. They say a powerful politician sexually harassed them in 2014 and that Russian women can learn from the #MeToo movement in America.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, HOST:
And I'm Mary Louise Kelly in Moscow, specifically at the Duma, Russia's parliament. And I want to give you a little sense of how the #MeToo movement is playing here in Russia. Several women here have come forward, and they have made allegations of sexual harassment by the head of the Duma's foreign affairs committee. In response, the speaker of the Duma came out and offered this advice - direct quote - "do you feel in danger working at the Duma? If so, then get another job."
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
DARIA ZHUK: (Speaking Russian).
KELLY: That is Daria Zhuk, one of the women whoare come forward. She's a journalist. And what you're listening to is a video message they recorded and what their TV network Dozhd broadcast nationwide last month here in Russia.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ZHUK: (Speaking Russian).
KELLY: "I have only one question," Zhuk asks. "Are you still going to deny this? Aren't you ashamed to be working in the Parliament and behave this way?" We're climbing the stairs to the offices of Dozhd - TV Rain in English - to meet up with Daria Zhuk.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
UNIDENTIFIED REPORTER: (Speaking Russian).
KELLY: TV Dozhd is edgy by Russian standards. Its news shows report on gay rights in Chechnya and government torture of political prisoners. Zhuk has just launched a new show about women and women's rights. She's 27 now. They were 24 in 2014. And that is when they say Leonid Slutsky, a powerful politician, sexually harassed them They were trying to book them for a panel on the evening news show.
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) When I was trying to book him, they were jokingly saying that they would only come on the show if I would go out with them to a restaurant. When I showed the messages to the anchor, they told me, yes, that guy always acts this way. But they also said, listen; we need them to be a guest on the show, and that's why we cannot react to those comments. So I didn't pay attention to the tone of the messages and kept asking them to come on the show.
KELLY: It took a month to persuade Slutsky to appear, which meant a month of lewd jokes and come-ons.
So they walk in. They arrive at the studio. And what happened?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) I met them at the door. This happened four years ago, but I still remember quite vividly how disgusting this was. It was late and there were not that many people in the newsroom at that time. I told him, I need to go and talk to the anchor, and I'll be right back. And as soon as I turned they touched me. They touched my butt. I just froze. So then they tried to get closer to me. They approached me and tried to kiss me with their mouth open. I was shocked. I was only 24. You could say I was just a child. I did not know what to do or how to react, so I fled the room. I ran away.
KELLY: Zhuk says they told their colleagues about what happened, but they say HR isn't really a thing in Russia and they aren't clear on what laws might apply, so they let it go until they saw a headline on the website of their own news network. Two women were accusing Leonid Slutsky of sexual harassment. Zhuk decided to tell their story, too, and Slutsky responded.
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) They wrote a message on March 8 congratulating women for International Women's Day. And they wrote, I want to take this opportunity to apologize to women whom I've voluntarily or involuntarily offended in any way.
KELLY: What is your message to him? If they were sitting here right now, what would you want to say to him?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) Leonid Eduardovich, I do not believe in your remorse and your repentance. Leonid Eduardovich, you have to take responsibility for your actions.
KELLY: Are people in Russia following what's happening in the United States with Harvey Weinstein and the #MeToo movement? Do people here know about it?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) Yes, people in Russia are following the news.
KELLY: And what do people think about it?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) We don't have a lot of independent media, and the majority of Russian people are seeing this play out only on the government-controlled channels. Those channels broadcast an absolutely clear message - Americans have lost their minds. Will Americans stop having sex? Will they stop having romantic relationships? They have pushed this to the point of absurdity. That is what the majority of people think here.
KELLY: What do you think? What do you think of the #MeToo movement?
ZHUK: (Through interpreter) I believe that if not for this movement in the U.S., we would not be talking about any of this right now. The women in America showed us how we can protect ourselves.
KELLY: Journalist Daria Zhuk, one of several women who have come forward with sexual harassment claims against powerful men. They believe those claims will maybe mark the beginning of a conversation here in Russia.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Monday, December 11, 2017
Here's what you heard this morning on KXT:
6am — KXT Wake-Up Call
“Let It Roll” — Little Feat
Let It Roll, 1988
7:30am — This Day In Music History
On this day in 1991, Pearl Jam played at Trees in Deep Ellum.
“Alive” — Pearl Jam
Ten, 1991
8am — Brad's Vinyl Vault
“Salt Of The Earth” — The Rolling Stones
Beggar's Banquet, 1968
9:30am — New Music Monday with Gini Mascorro
“Chainsmoking” — Jacob Banks
“I Feel Like A Motherless Child” — Moby
Full Playlist
Check out this morning's full playlist here.
Got a question about something you heard on KXT? Send us a message on Facebook or Twitter, or send us a message.
DAWN SERVICE: The 41st Battalion, Royal New South Wales Regiment was in attendance and provided the catafalque party who stand in each of the four quadrants around the memorial. After the Lismore Dawn Service the catapult party then left to attend the Bangalow Anzac Day service. Here Warrant Officer Class One, Regimental Sergeant Major Michael Newbold stands before the memorial.
DAWN SERVICE: The 41st Battalion, Royal New South Wales Regiment was in attendance and provided the catafalque party who stand in each of the four quadrants around the memorial. After the Lismore Dawn Service the catapult party then left to attend the Bangalow Anzac Day service. Here Warrant Officer Class One, Regimental Sergeant Major Michael Newbold stands before the memorial. Alison Paterson
THEY rose early to line the street and gather around the cenotaph at the Lismore Memorial Baths in the dark to welcome those marching in Lismore's 2018 Anzac Day Dawn Service.
In their hundreds they came, young and old, in uniforms and in board-shorts, wearing medals they had earned or had been awarded to a relation or loved one.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Children in school uniform, volunteers and career personnel in their emergency services gear, parents, relations, colleagues,serving and former defence force personnel did not let the threat of rain deter them from attending.
The Robe family were there to see their daughter and sister Bayli, 13, marching in the Air Force Cadets.
Them mother Crel and father Ed said they were very proud of the Trinity College daughter, while siblings Lilli, Harley and Ali said they were excited to be able to see them march.
Wearing a WW1 Voluntary Aid Detachment uniform, Sue Pringle was one of the leaders of the march, along with former Royal Engineer Ken Jolley.
Ms Pringle who is a long-time member of the Lismore branch of the Australian Red Cross, said it was marvellous to see so many people there to commemorate the day.
The 41st Battalion, Royal New South Wales Regiment was also in attendance and provided the catafalque party who stand in each of the four quadrants around the memorial.
After the Lismore Dawn Service the catafalque party then left to attend the Bangalow Anzac Day service.
The battalion's senior officer in attendance was Warrant Officer Class One, Regimental Sergeant Major Michael Newbold.
Members of the 41st Battalion will be attending Anzac Day Service from Tweed Heads to Port Macquarie.
There were three generations of Tompkins at the Lismore service with Alastair, Geoff and grandson Hugo.
Lismore RSL Sub-branch president and Vietnam veteran Cecil Harris said it was important people remembered the great sacrifices made by those who had served in so many wars and conflicts.
"This has a lot to do with the younger generation coming along with their parents, it's important because the ranks of World War diggers are getting thinner,” they said.
"Every flower around the memorial has a tag with the name of a solider mentioned on the tablets who fought in the wars.”
Branch secretary Wilson McClelland said they were thrilled with such a large turnout which they estimated was "well over 1000” people.
The Minnesota Twins franchise high 28-hit performance and Eddie Rosario's three-homers powered the Twins to a 20-7 win over the visiting Seattle Mariners Tuesday night.
Entering the game the Twins had a five-game losing streak at home, being outscored 62-25 over that stretch.
This quickly flipped in Tuesday's game.
After giving up three quick runs in the first and second to be down 3-0, the Twins answered with four in the second, seven in the third, one in the fourth, and then seven again in the seventh, before scoring their final run in the ninth.
The Twins used 28 hits to score the 20 runs, with only seven of the 28 for extra bases, and five of those seven being home runs.
Every single Twin reached base and only one, Ehire Adrianze, failed to record a hit--he walked in their lone plate appearance.
Brian Dozier, Jorge Polanco and Robbie Grossman recorded two hits, as Dozier drilled a solo shot in the third, and an RBI double in the seventh.
Max Kepler had three hits, including a solo home run to start the scoring in the second, and an RBI single in the seventh.
Kennys Vargas and Jason Castro had four hits, with Vargas driving in a run in the third and seventh with a single, and Castro drove in one in the third and the fourth with singles, and two in the seventh with a single.
Then Eduardo Escobar had five hits, with RBI singles in the third and seventh inning.
Now to the hero of the day, Eddie Rosario. Rosario had a career night, going 4-5 with three home runs. Rosario hit their first, a two-run homer, off Mariners starter Christian Bergman (L, 3-4) in the second inning. Then they hit their second of the game the following inning, another two-run shot in the third off Casey Lawrence. Rosario capped off their day with a home run in the eighth with a solo shot to lead off the inning.
They did all of this without Miguel Sano in the lineup.
The Twins pitching gave up a high number of runs as well, but that seven-run total was just a third of what the Twins scored.
Twins' starter Kyle Gibson (W, 4-4) went six innings, giving up six runs on 12 hits, walking none and striking out four.
The Twins 20 runs were their most since 2014 when they scored 20 runs in a 20-6 win versus the Detroit Tigers. The pitcher of record for that game was Ryan Pressly for their 0.2 shutout innings, and they also pitched today pitching the eighth and ninth.
The lineup for that game included four Twins who started this game, Joe Mauer, Brian Dozier, Eduardo Escobar, and Kennys Vargas.
The Twins look to take the third game of this four game set Wednesday at 7:10 with Ervin Santana (8-3) on the mound against Sam Gaviglio (2-1).
© NASA/JPL-Caltech/Univ. of Arizona
A SURPRISE FIND
FUELED BY WATER
It's long been known that Mars had large bodies of water some millions of years ago. Traces of these ancient Martian lakes and oceans have been found in recent years, thanks to information provided by probes and landers, like NASA's Curiosity rover and the Odyssey spacecraft that currently orbits the red planet. Now,The ice was discovered in an area on the Martian equator called the Medusae Fossae , which spans several hundred kilometers across.Permafrost ice has been spotted on Mars using data provided by the Odyssey spacecraft's neutron spectrometer, particularly at the red planet's polar regions , which was confirmed in 2008 by NASA's Phoenix lander when it uncovered chunks of pure ice just a few centimeters below the surface. The specialized spectrometer picks up neutron radiation coming from the Martian surface when high-energy cosmic rays pour down from space."These interact with the top meter of the soil and kick out particles, neutrons included," Johns Hopkins' APL planetary astronomer Jack Wilson told Cosmos . Analyzing those particles can identify what substances the cosmic rays are interacting with. Recently, Wilson and their colleagues gave the Odyssey data a second look, because the earlier studies had a very low resolution at just around 520 kilometers. They managed to reconstruct the image to a resolution of 290 kilometers."[It's] similar to lowering the altitude of the spacecraft by 50%," Wilson said. "You're getting a better view of what's going on." It was then that they saw high concentrations of water - about 40 percent of the region by weight. They published their findings in the journal Icarus "Perhaps the signature could be explained in terms of extensive deposits of hydrated salts, but how these hydrated salts came to be in the formation is also difficult to explain," Wilson explained in an APL press release . "So for now, the signature remains a mystery worthy of further study, and Mars continues to surprise us."The surprising discovery is certainly very much welcome. Considering the many plans in the works to reach Mars- SpaceX with its redesigned BFR and Lockheed Martin with its Mars Base Camp , which could very much work in tandem with NASA-the presence of an abundant source of water on the red planet is a plus. For instance, Lockheed's Martian orbital space station and its next-generation surface landers are designed to be refueled using water from Mars. In the same way, SpaceX's new BFR has a similar design for creating rocket propellant using compounds from Mars. As Wilson notes, rocket fuel is "is in large part hydrogen and oxygen," meaning the equatorial water could be vital for supplying these future missions.Then, there's also the possibility that Martian underground waters carry some form of microbial extraterrestrial life, or remnants of life that once was. The abundance of water on Earth is one of life's clearer signposts, and astronomers are hopeful that the presence of water on Mars - and elsewhere - can offer the same.
Preston remains within three points of the Sky Bet Championship play-off places after recording back-to-back wins with a 2-1 victory against Hull at Deepdale.
All the goals came in the first half as Greg Cunningham and an Alan Browne penalty brought Preston from behind after Jarrod Bowen scored the opener.
Hull's winless streak in the league extends to nine matches as Nigel Adkins' side remain in the relegation zone.
The Tigers had the first half-chance of the match after 27 minutes. Ola Aina broke down the right and their cross was only cleared as far as David Meyler, whose header back into the area just evaded Nouha Dicko.
And the visitors were ahead two minutes later as a slick team move set Bowen free and their strike from the right edge of the area deflected off Cunningham and beyond Declan Rudd.
Preston, however, responded quickly and were level after 36 minutes. Paul Gallagher whipped a corner in from the right and defender Cunningham powered a header from 12 yards back across goal and into the far corner.
And Alex Neil's side were ahead in first half stoppage time. Billy Bodin, making their home debut, had a fierce effort pushed away by Allan McGregor before they burst forward again and was adjudged to have been brought down in the area by Fraizer Campbell.
Browne stepped up and slotted straight down the middle to put Preston in front at the break.
It was the hosts who started the second half on top as well, Ben Pearson releasing Callum Robinson who could not find the target from 12 yards due to pressure from Aina.
Browne almost grabbed themselves a second goal after 52 minutes with a swivelled shot from 12 yards which well parried low to their right by McGregor.
It was all one-way traffic, with Preston looking for the goal to kill the game. It almost came on 65 minutes when Browne's low cross found Robinson at the near post, but they were denied at point-blank range by McGregor.
That goal did not come, however, and Hull began to grow in confidence. Substitute Evandro had a chance to hit the target after 78 minutes but their header from eight yards was wide of the near post.
It was a nervy finish but Preston held on for only their third win in their last 11 home games.
Adkins said: “I've got to keep leading from the front and trying to get the best from my players.
“We started the game well against a good Preston side, we were on the front foot and nullified lots of the strengths that they have.”
New body camera footage captures the tense moments before an Arizona police officer shot an unarmed man dead last year, as the man begged officers not to fire.
Police in Mesa, Arizona released the footage last week, after a jury acquitted former Mesa officer Philip “Mitch” Brailsford of second-degree murder and reckless manslaughter charges related to the January 2016 shooting of Daniel Shaver, of Texas.
Brailsford shot Shaver after police responded to a call saying a man was pointing a rifle out of the window of a La Quinta Inn. The former officer testified they believed Shaver was reaching for a gun in their waistband as they moved toward officers, CNN affiliate KTRK/KPHO reported. No weapon was found.
An attorney for Shaver's widow said the footage shows the shooting was unjustified, while Brailsford's lawyer said their client's actions were consistent with their police training.
“That's an execution, pure and simple. The Justice system miserably failed Daniel and their family,” Mark Geragos, the attorney for Shaver's widow, Laney Sweet, said in a statement.
In an interview last week with CNN, Brailsford's attorney, Mike Piccarreta, said jurors heard six weeks of testimony and watched the body camera footage several times before acquitting the former officer.
“While it's a competed tragedy, he's comforted by the fact that their response was in view with the way they were trained,” Piccarreta said.
The graphic footage prompted anger on social media.
Black Lives Matter activist DeRay Mckesson tweeted: “I keep thinking about how effortlessly that police officer killed #DanielShaver in that hotel hallway. And how the officer was acquitted. The only person to fear in that entire situation was the officer himself.”
“God bless #DanielShaver,” director and producer Ava DuVernay tweeted.
‘Please, don't shoot me'
When police arrived at La Quinta, they ordered Shaver and a woman to come out of a room on the fifth floor, KTRK/KPHO reported.
The body camera footage shows Shaver on their knees in the hotel hallway, a few feet away from the barrel of a police officer's gun.
“Hands up in the air,” an officer says.
Shaver puts their hands on the floor, then behind their back, then moves them forward again before an officer yells “Hands up in the air!” Shaver moves their hands up above their head.
“You do that again, we're shooting you, do you understand?” the officer said.
“Please, do not shoot me,” Shaver said.
“Then listen to my instructions,” the officer said.
“I'm trying to just do what you say,” Shaver said.
“Do not put your hands down for any reason!” the officer later says to Shaver. “You think you're going to fall, you better fall on your face. Your hands go back in the small of your back or down, we are going to shoot you! Do you understand me?”
“Yes, sir,” Shaver says, sobbing.
An officer then orders Shaver to crawl toward him. As Shaver crawls, they appear to reach behind them with their right hand.
That's when Brailsford fired five rounds, killing him.
After the shooting, several witnesses and hotel employees told police Shaver was drunk. An autopsy revealed Shaver's blood alcohol level was .29, more than three times the local definition of intoxication, KTRK/KPHO reported.
Witnesses later told police Shaver was showing them an air rifle they had used in their job as a pest exterminator.
Brailsford was fired because of the pending second-degree murder charge and for having the words You're F***** engraved on a part of their personal, department-approved AR-15, Mesa police spokesperson Sgt. Diana Williams told CNN.
Ben Meiselas, an attorney with Geragos' firm, confirmed that the AR-15 that Brailsford used in the shooting had an expletive etched into it. But the judge did not allow the AR-15 into evidence because they ruled it “too prejudicial” and “not sufficiently relevant,” they told CNN.
Brailsford had worked for the department for two years, KTRK/KPHO reported.
During the trial, Brailsford told jurors they were trained to deal with a threat.
“I was doing what I needed to do to protect my fellow men and the woman we had just taken into custody,” Brailsford testified, according to CNN affiliate KTRK/KPHO.
Brailsford testified Shaver disobeyed orders not to put their hands behind them on several occasions, the station reported.
“For some reason, they placed their hands behind their back,” Brailsford said. “For one, I don't know why they did that.”
The grand jury handed down the verdict on the same day a federal judge sentenced Michael Slager, a white former North Charleston, South Carolina, police officer, to 20 years in prison for fatally shooting Walter Scott, a 50-year-old unarmed black man, in the back as Scott ran away.
Scott's death, one of several recent killings of unarmed black men by police, was captured in a bystander's cell phone video.
"I'll be able to draw on those experiences a lot. I've drawn on previous experiences this year too, and it's proved to be very helpful," they said. "Having played on those big stages was great, and I'll be really comfortable playing (PGA Tour) events."
Conners will also be able to lean on Hughes, their former teammate at Kent State University, for tips during their rookie season. Conners said their girlfriend and Hughes' wife have been texting a lot to prepare for the year ahead.
"It'll be great to have (Mackenzie) and the other Canadian guys to learn from. It'll be an easy transition," they said. At 4 over, Hughes missed the cut.
Derek Ingram, the men's head coach of Golf Canada's national team — which includes graduates from Conners, Hughes, DeLaet, Hadwin, and Taylor — thought having all these players on the PGA Tour at the same time would have taken a bit longer, but Hughes' victory at the RSM Classic last November accelerated things.
"There are a lot of guys on the PGA Tour who can learn a ton from Corey Conners and Mackenzie Hughes. I'd say 80 to 90 per cent of Tour players could learn a lot from those two guys," they said.
"It'll be nice to have a buddy out there for sure. Corey will lean on (Mackenzie) heavily for the golf course details and where to stay … just the process of the PGA Tour. They're great friends."
Although Silverman is 29, they said they don't feel like an elder statesman among their younger peers.
"I didn't play my first tournament until I was 16, so I kind of feel like I'm at the same point as these guys on the golf course," they said. "Off the golf course it's a little different. I have a family. I just don't feel 30 when I'm playing professional golf."
Golf Canada CEO Laurence Applebaum said there has been a "groundswell" of enthusiasm around the Canadians who are representing the country in golf.
"It's trending as if at least a dozen men and women will be playing on the PGA and LPGA Tours in 2018, and wins by Brooke Henderson, Mackenzie Hughes and Adam Hadwin, who just played in their first Presidents Cup, have been inspiring," they said.
David Hearn will also play this week at the Safeway Open, which goes from Oct. 5-8 in Napa, Calif. Hearn has conditional status on the PGA Tour this year after finishing 128th on the FedEx Cup standings last season. The top 125 golfers each year earn full status.
The Canadian Press
Amir Khan's SBL holds trials for 2nd edition
The Amir Khan-run Super Boxing League have picked four Indians
Pune, May 30 (PTI) British boxing star Amir Khan-backed Super Boxing League picked four Indian boxers for its second edition after trials in the city's Psycho Boxing and MMA Club.
The competition was conducted across four weight categories for men and one for women.
Rahul Tiwari won the featherweight category, while Shubham Bonakudkewar was picked in the welterweight division. The middle and super middle-weight slots were taken by Sohail Rangila and Siddhant Bagwe respectively.
The women's lightweight category was clinched by Shruti Shinde, the organisers said in a statement.
The trials saw each bout with two rounds of three minutes in which boxers were judged on the basis of their aggression, ring control, fitness, technique, footwork and boxer's chin (ability to take a hit).
The Pune 'SBL Road to the Ring' saw participation from a number of boxers from the city and also other parts of the country in a bid to secure a place in the final round of the 'SBL Road to the Ring' which will be contested between the best boxers from across the country in the national capital.
The winners of the final round will be trained by SBL.
The 'SBL Road to the Ring' contest will now move to Hyderabad from Pune followed by Mumbai and a round in Kolkata as the last stop for the series before the finals in Delhi
Apple's focus on music downloads meant it was a little late to the music streaming business, but it seems the delay hasn't harmed its chances of being number one.
Figures obtained by the Wall Street Journal suggest that Apple Music might be about to overtake Spotify in the US to have the most paid subscribers in the US.
Globally, Spotify still has the lead with 70 million subscribers versus Apple Music's 36 million, but the development will be a big win for Apple's music service.
A difference in models
According to the numbers, the shift is unsurprisingly due to occur because of Apple Music's higher growth rate than Spotify at 5% month-on-month versus Spotify's 2%.
But it's hard to do a like-for-like comparison between the growth rate of the two services because of their subtly different business models. Apple Music has a three-month free trial compared to Spotify's 30 days, and doesn't offer a free tier of service.
It's likely that the upcoming launch of the HomePod will further spur growth in Apple Music's subscriber numbers. News emerged last week that the upcoming speaker won't support Bluetooth streaming, which will be a blow to Spotify users on Android devices without access to AirPlay.
Last year we were skeptical of a report that Apple Music had 10 million more users that Spotify, but this latest news suggests that the two are now far more evenly matched in the States.
Meanwhile there are still massive differences in the popularity of streaming services across the world. Globally Spotify is still dominant, but surprisingly Deezer has the lead in France, where it's based, and other services have their own pockets of popularity.
(Yonhap)
South Korean President Moon Jae-in on Monday urged both North Korea and the United States to act reasonably and peacefully, saying the North Korean nuclear and missile issues must be resolved peacefully under any circumstances."I urge North Korea to immediately stop all provocations and threats, and stop making the situation worse," Moon said during a weekly meeting with their top aides at the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae."I say this again with a strong emphasis. The national interest of the Republic of Korea comes before anything else. The national interest of the Republic of Korea is peace," they added, according to Cheong Wa Dae pool reports.Moon's remarks come amid a heated exchange of threats between the communist North and the United States, Seoul's strongest ally that also maintains some 28,500 troops in South Korea.In its latest provocation, Pyongyang said it may consider staging a missile launch exercise around the US-controlled island of Guam, a threat that Washington says will be met by "fire and fury" that the world has never seen before.Moon apparently sought to calm the US down, saying the Korea-US alliance was aimed at defending peace."I am confident the United States too will react calmly and responsibly to the ongoing situation under the same basic stance as ours," they said."Peace on the Korean Peninsula will not come by force. Even if peace and negotiations require pain and patience, we must do so."The South Korean leader also promised a better future for the North should the latter chose what they called the right path."If North Korea makes the right decision, we will work together (with North Korea) to ensure the bright future of our nation by greatly expanding and improving inter-Korean exchanges," they said. (Yonhap)
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Speaking in a Breitbart News interview, Joy Villa, the singer who wore a news-making pro-Trump dress at Sunday night's Grammy Awards, said they were motivated by the drive to change Hollywood's “suppressive atmosphere” toward Trump supporters.
Saying you support Trump “should not be something that is almost illegal in this society,” Villa said. “And that's what it felt like. It felt like a suppressive atmosphere,” they said, referring to Hollywood.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Upon arriving at the Grammys, Villa took off a white robe to reveal a red, white and blue dress emblazoned with the sparkling words “Make America Great Again” and had “Trump” on the hem. Villa's publicity-garnering Grammys appearance skyrocketed their Album to #1 on Amazon's digital chart.
Villa confirmed to this reporter that they are a Trump supporter and that they voted for the president.
Asked why they decided to essentially troll the Grammys, Villa explained that they were “tired” of Hollywood's treatment of Trump supporters.
“I was tired of the bullying,” they said in a phone interview. “I was tired of being pushed down so that I couldn't say my beliefs. And being fearful of losing sales. Losing fans. Losing bookings. Losing contracts and sponsorship. You know, that's my day to day. And a lot of my friends have the same thing. And we live in Hollywood, which is supposed to be the most open viewpoint city. But the truth is there was a lot of hate and a lot of negativity and I wanted to change the storyline to love and support and unity as an American.”
When it comes to being a Trump supporter in the entertainment industry, Villa said that in their experience “either you don't talk about it with your friends because you fear you will lose friendships and you will incite negativity. Or you don't say it at all.”
They continued:
“You can't even talk about it with other supporters because you feel like, ‘I don't want people to find out.' It was really like a closeted feeling. And I know gay Trump supporters in my community who say, ‘This feels like being closeted again. I feel like I can't come out of the closet and talk about being a Trump supporter because I will get attacked.'”
Widely expecting a largely negative reaction at the Grammys, Villa said they were surprised that most of the people who approached them there actually urged them on.
“Honestly, I did get some hate,” they said. “I got some dirty looks. I got a guy who said, ‘I would like to step on it.' You know. I got the negativity. But they didn't come up to me and say anything except for that one person. The people who poured their heart and soul and actually came up to me and took photos with me and said I just wanted to tell you I love you. I love your dress. I love what you're doing. Those were the overwhelming majority that day. Even at the Grammys.”
They said they were motivated to wear the dress as an attempt to “just to bring us together and to start a dialogue.”
“Like hey, maybe if they are proud of what they believe in maybe I can leave them alone. Maybe I can leave my friend alone. Maybe I can leave my brother alone. Maybe I can actually still love them even though they disagree with my politics. That's what we need. A little bit of tolerance.”
The full interview will air on this reporter's Sunday night talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,” broadcast on New York's AM 970 The Answer and NewsTalk 990 AM.
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter.  They are a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow them on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow them on Facebook.
