Equity investors grappling with a technology selloff, trade tensions and hawkish monetary chatter have a new foe to contend with: growing angst in credit markets.
After resisting the full force of the gales that swept through markets earlier this year, corporate bonds are sending ominous messages. Traders are jumping out of the asset class as investment-grade spreads sit near their widest in six months and yields rise to the highest in more than six years -- just as stock investors seek to recover from the first S&P 500 correction in two years.
“If credit spreads widen, the equities with bad balance sheets will underperform,” said Louis de Fels, a Paris-based fund manager at Raymond James Asset Management International. “We're quite cautious on the quality of the assets.”
Corporate bonds held by smart money have historically proven a leading indicator for the direction of stocks. That may spell disappointment for investors heeding Wall Street advice to shift towards equity, a late-cycle outperformer.
“Credit leads equities and will underperform,” said Andrew Brenner, the head of international fixed-income at Natalliance Securities in New York, citing Federal Reserve hikes, signs of softer U.S. output and corporate sales of short-term U.S. debt. “We expect equities to catch up on the downside.”
For now, stock investors appear sanguine. U.S. equity funds took in a record $34.5 billion in the week to March 14, compared to just $2.4 billion for bonds, according to Stanford C Bernstein & Co. That brings the quarterly total for debt funds to $37.3 billion, the slimmest quarterly addition since the three months ending in December 2016, the data show.
Credit softness first emerged in some of the world's most popular exchange-traded funds and has continued to worsen. Short interest on the iShares iBoxx Investment Grade Corporate Bond ETF, ticker LQD, relative to its U.S. equity ETF counterpart is now at its highest on record.
“When we see a widening of credit spreads, it's always a problem,” said Matt Maley, a Miller Tabak equity strategist. “The cost of carrying leverage goes up and people's models say that they need to unwind.”
While credit weakness and a junk bond selloff in November proved to be a headfake, “this time around, I'm more nervous about some weakness in investment-grade credit seeping into big-cap stocks,” Peter Tchir, the head of macro strategy at Academy Securities Inc., wrote in a note.
The telltale sign? Underlying corporate bond spreads have widened while credit default swaps have stayed largely steady. Higher dollar funding costs are now beginning to curb appetite for credit risk -- a bearish signal missing from derivatives, for now likely thanks to technical factors, Tchir noted.
Add weakness in the primary market, and pressure on credit markets is likely to endure, they said. That increases the prospect of a risk-off trade that would weaken stocks and lift government bond prices.
Investors in high-grade credit have pared their exposure to the lowest since October 2010 as they brace for interest-rate increases, according to a Bank of America Corp. survey this month. Funds that reported inflows fell to a net 29 percent, the lowest in two years, the survey found.
“We are seeing clear signs that U.S. credit is in the midst of the transition away from global QE as inflows to high-grade continue to decline,” strategists at the bank led by Hans Mikkelsen wrote in a note Sunday.
0:50 Man charged in two shootings of pizza delivery drivers makes first court appearance Pause
4:22 Cop Shop Podcast: Mistress carves messages into lover's wife's Honda
0:59 Georgia National Rodeo returns to Perry
0:43 Jacob Elijah Miller jailed in Brooklyn Rouse shooting
0:50 Brumby having fun with QB competition
2:23 "I've never seen anything like this," sheriff says of dangerous intersection
1:16 Winning a big game at Dublin doesn't happen often
2:32 Coroner cast as 'boom box guy' in Synovus Super Bowl commercial
0:37 Bibb deputy helps friend make "promposal"
Henderson police officers are investigating an early morning convenience store robbery that left a 67-year-old clerk injured Tuesday.
Officer Rodrigo Peña said the department was dispatched to reports of a robbery at 2:45 a.m. at a Chevron gas station located in the 300 block of North Boulder Highway, near Lake Mead Parkway.
Citing the investigation, police said a man entered the store at 2:30 a.m., grabbed the clerk and forced them into the back of the store while another man stole cigarettes from behind the counter. The suspect with the clerk brought them back to the front of the store where they stole an undisclosed amount of cash from the register. Before leaving the store, the suspect with the clerk punched them in the face, leaving them unconscious. The suspects left the scene either on foot or on a bicycle.
The clerk was taken to St. Rose Dominican Hospital - Siena Campus where they were treated for non-life threatening injuries, police said.
Police described the first suspect as a black man, in their late to mid 20's, standing approximately 6' to 6'3" tall. They were last seen wearing a black or navy blue baseball hat with "NY" lettering in white, a two-tone gray and black zip sweater, black pants, and black shoes.
The second suspect was described by police as a white man in their early 20's, standing approximately 5'7" to 5'8" tall, with blonde hair that was braided on top and tied into a small ponytail in the back. They were last seen wearing a green t-shirt, tan pants, and white shoes.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Henderson police at 702-267-4911. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A two-car collision at around 5pm on the A7 at Boleside this afternoon (Monday, August 14) has resulted in the road being closed in both directions.
It's not known how long the road will be closed, but a spokesperson for Police Scotland told us: “The road will reopen as soon as we can safely remove the cars.”
In the meantime, drivers would be advised to use a different route if possible.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Don't panic if you've forgotten the prosecco or party poppers.
Shoppers will be pleased to hear the majority of supermarkets will be open on New Year's Eve so even if you've missed something off your list you'll have everything sorted before 2017 begins.
And for those who have neglected to stock the fridge ready for a hangover-curing fry-up on New Year's Day, a select few places will still be open to rescue you from an empty stomach.
New Year Day falls on a Sunday this year so we'll get an extra day off on Monday, January 2 - woohoo!
Take a look at our list of seasonal supermarket opening hours for Reading, Bracknell and Wokingham.
If you are thinking of heading out on New Year's Eve take a look at these parties happening in Reading.
We have also taken a look at the best prosecco offerings from the supermarkets.
Tesco
The following operating hours apply to Tesco Reading Extra in Napier Road and Reading West Extra in Portman Road:
Christmas Eve - Open until 7pm
Christmas Day - Closed
Boxing Day - 9am until 6pm
Bank Holiday Tuesday, December 27 - Open from 6am
New Year's Eve - Open until 7pm
New Year's Day - 10am to 4pm
Monday, January 2 - Open from 6am
On Christmas Eve, the Wokingham Superstore in Finchampstead Road will open at 6am until 7pm.
On Tuesday, December 27 it will stay open until midnight.
On New Year's Eve it will open from 6am to 7pm, New Year's Day from 10am to 4pm, and Monday, January 2 from 6am to midnight.
The Bracknell North Superstore in County Lane, Warfield and Bracknell Superstore in Whitton Road, Martins Heron will operate on Christmas Eve from 7am to 7pm, Boxing Day 9am to 6pm and Tuesday, December 27 from 7am to 10pm.
Both Bracknell stores will operate on New Year's Eve from 7am to 7pm, New Year's Day from 10am to 4pm and Monday, January 2 from 7am to 10pm.
To find your nearest Tesco branch, visit the website for times.
Sainsbury's
(Photo: Matt Cardy/Getty Images)
The Reading town centre Sainsbury's branch in Friar Street will be open as follows:
Christmas Eve - 7am to 6pm
Christmas Day - Closed
Boxing Day - 8am to 5pm
Bank Holiday Tuesday, December 27 - 8am to 7pm
New Year's Eve - 7am to 7pm
New Year's Day - 11am to 5pm
Monday, January 2 - 8am to 7pm
The Broad Street store will operate in the same hours apart from on Boxing Day when it will be open from 9am to 6pm, and New Year's Day from midday to 6pm.
The Calcot branch in Bath Road will be open on Christmas Eve from 6am to 6pm, Boxing Day from 7am to 6pm, and Tuesday, December 27 from 8am to 7pm.
The New Year operating hours will be New Year's Eve from 7am to 7pm, New Year's Day from 10am to 4pm and Monday, January 2 from 8am to 7pm.
The Bracknell Superstore in Princess Square will be open on Christmas Eve from 7.30am from 6pm, Boxing Day from 8am to 5pm, and Tuesday, December 27 from 9am to 6pm.
In the New Year, the store will be open on New Years Eve from 7.30am to 6.30pm, it will be closed on New Years Day then it will be open again from 9am to 6pm on Monday, January 2.
The Bracknell Bagshot Road store and the Winnersh store in King Street Lane will operate from 6am to 6pm on Christmas Eve, 8am to 6pm on Boxing Day and 8am to 7pm on Tuesday, December 27.
New Year opening hours are 7am to 7pm on New Years Eve, 10am to 4pm on New Years Day and 8am to 7pm on Monday, January 2.
For your nearest Sainsbury's branch, visit the website for times.
ASDA
(Photo: Google Street View)
The ASDA Tilehurst superstore in Honey End Lane and the Lower Earley store in Chalfont Way are open as follows:
Christmas Eve - 6am to 7pm
Christmas Day - Closed
Boxing Day - 9am to 6pm
Bank Holiday Tuesday, December 27 - 7am to 11pm
New Year's Eve - 6am to 7pm
New Year's Day - 10am to 4pm
Monday, January 2 - 7am to 11pm
For your nearest ASDA branch, visit the website for times.
Morrisons
The Reading store in Basingstoke Road, the Woosehill Shopping Centre store in Wokingham and the Bracknell store in Skimped Hill Lane will all be open from 6am to 6pm on Christmas Eve.
Other opening hours for Morrisons after Christmas are still to be confirmed.
For your nearest Morrisons branch, visit the website for times.
Waitrose
The Waitrose Caversham Church Street store opening hours are as follows:
Christmas Eve - 7am to 5pm
Christmas Day - Closed
Boxing Day - Closed
Bank Holiday Tuesday, December 27 - 8am to 6pm
New Year's Eve - 8am to 6pm
New Year's Day - Closed
Monday, January 2 - 8am to 6pm
The Twyford store in London Road and Wokingham store in Rectory Road will operate on the same days and times listed above, but will change hours on Christmas Eve from 8am to 5pm, and 9am to 6pm on Tuesday, December 27.
The Twyford store will be open from 8am to 9pm on Monday, January 2 and the Wokingham store will be open from 9am to 6pm.
The same closures apply to the Oxford Road Reading store however it will open from 7.30am to 5pm on Christmas Eve, 9am to 6pm on Tuesday, December 27, 7.30am to 6pm on New Year's Eve and 9amto 6pm on Monday, January 2.
The Woodley Crockhamwell Road store will be closed on Christmas Day, Boxing Day and New Year's Day but will open on Christmas Eve from 7am to 6pm, then 9am to 6pm on Tuesday, December 27.
It will be open from 7am to 6pm on New Year's Eve and 9am to 6pm on Monday, January 2.
For your nearest Waitrose branch, visit the website for times.
Aldi
(Photo: Peter Byrne/PA Wire)
Christmas Eve - 8am to 6pm
Christmas Day - Closed
Boxing Day - Closed
Bank Holiday Tuesday, December 27 - 8am to 10pm
New Year's Eve - 8am to 6pm
New Year's Day - Closed
Monday, January 2 - Standard hours resume
Opening hours may vary for the Bracknell Aldi store in Birch Hill Road and stores in Basingstoke Road, Vastern Court and Bath Road in Reading -customers are advised to see in store for details.
For your nearest Aldi branch, visit the website for times.
Lidl
The following operating hours will be in place for the Lidl stores in Oxford Road, Headley Road in Woodley and Molly Millars Lane in Wokingham:
Christmas Eve - 7am to 6pm
Christmas Day - Closed
Boxing Day - Closed
Bank Holiday Tuesday, December 27 - open as usual
New Year's Eve - Open until 7pm
New Year's Day - Closed
The same hours apply for the branch in Basingstoke Road, however it will remain open until 8pm on New Year's Eve.
The Crowthorne High Street store will be open from 8am to 6pm on Christmas Eve, operate as normal on the Bank Holiday, then stay open until 6pm on New Year's Eve.
All stores will open as usual on Monday, January 2.
For your nearest Lidl branch, visit the website for times.
Christmas in Reading
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in See this Southcote family's incredible Christmas lights Share this video Watch Next
Time is running out for posting your cards and gifts so take a look at the Royal Mail's Christmas deadline.
If you're unsure what to buy for that special someone in your life, check out these guides to best gifts for men, family stocking fillers and Christmas gifts for pets.
We've put together a list of great family-friendly Christmas party games to keep the kids busy during the festive period, too.
Follow turkey with all the trimmings with a beautiful winter walk in Berkshire.
Want to snuggle up on the sofa after Christmas Dinner? See what's on the television this Christmas.
Another woman has accused casino mogul Steve Wynn of sexual harassment.
Another woman has accused casino mogul Steve Wynn of sexual harassment.
Steve Wynn and their former wife, Elaine have resolved remaining claims that Steve breached their stockholders agreement.
Steve Wynn and their former wife, Elaine have resolved remaining claims that Steve breached their stockholders agreement.
Elaine Wynn (left) and Steve Wynn (Right) are shown in undated images. (File)
Elaine Wynn (left) and Steve Wynn (Right) are shown in undated images. (File)
Elaine Wynn (left) and Steve Wynn (Right) are shown in undated images. (File)
Elaine Wynn (left) and Steve Wynn (Right) are shown in undated images. (File)
A day after Elaine Wynn, the largest shareholder of Wynn Resorts sent a letter asking for changes to restore the company's reputation, the company announced it appointed three new "independent directors."
A day after Elaine Wynn, the largest shareholder of Wynn Resorts sent a letter asking for changes to restore the company's reputation, the company announced it appointed three new "independent directors."
Elaine Wynn took the stand on Wednesday morning to testify against their ex-husband, Steve Wynn.
Elaine Wynn took the stand on Wednesday morning to testify against their ex-husband, Steve Wynn.
Wynn Resorts removing Steve Wynn's name from new casino
Casino mogul Steve Wynn holds a cane as they rest against a site model during a news conference regarding their proposed $1.7 billion casino complex, tentatively named "Wynn Boston Harbor", in Medford, Mass., Tuesday, March 15, 2016. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa)
Wynn Resorts is renaming a casino set to open next year just outside Boston to remove the name of company founder Steve Wynn, who resigned following sexual misconduct allegations.
New CEO Matthew Maddox on Friday announced plans to change the casino from Wynn Boston Harbor to Encore Boston Harbor. That's a moniker used on one of its Las Vegas casinos.
Wynn resigned as chairperson and CEO and sold their shares following allegations they deny.
Maddox addressed Massachusetts gambling regulators on the company's request to remove Wynn's name from its casino license. Regulators say the change doesn't require state approval.
Maddox also outlined steps the company has taken to change its culture, including appointing three women to the board.
Wynn has filed a defamation lawsuit against The Associated Press for its reporting on a separate allegation made to police.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Janhvi Thanked Madhuri For This Reason
Janhvi shared a picture of their mother with Madhuri on their Instagram page and wrote, "Abhishek Varman's next film was very close to mom's heart ....Dad, Khushi and I are thankful to Madhuriji for now being a part of this beautiful film...."
A Tribute To Sridevi
KJo, who was known to be close to Sridevi, apparently felt that Madhuri would be the perfect choice for the role, which would now be a tribute to the late actor.
What The Makers Had Said Before
Earlier talking about this film, a source stated, "There are a lot of speculative stories during the rounds about the star cast of Abhishek Verman's Shiddat but let us clarify, no one has been approached for the film yet. Karan is very sensitive about the Kapoor family and till all the post-death rituals of Sridevi are not completed, they wouldn't start anything. Also, Karan is not in the country so till they aren't back, nobody would be approached."
But now, Janhvi themselves has confirmed this latest development.
Karan Johar Always Wanted To Direct Sridevi In A Film
In one of their earlier interviews, KJo had said, "I have wanted to do a movie with them for the longest time. I think she's magic on screen. There's a certain aura about them that nobody else can replicate. I have lived with this dream for years."
Unfortunately now with Sridevi no more, Karan's dream will remain unfulfilled.
Coming Back To This Abhishek Verman Directorial
Reportedly, this film has an ensemble cast featuring Sanjay Dutt, Madhuri Dixit, Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhawan, Aditya Roy Kapur and Sonakshi Sinha.
Sanjay Dutt- Madhuri Dixit To Reunite On Screen?
If this cast is indeed confirmed then we would get to see the reunion of one of Bollywood's most iconic jodis- Sanjay Dutt and Madhuri Dixit. The two actors had last starred together in 1997 film Mahanta.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Off the Quality album comes the visuals to “First Come First Served” by CDQ.
The indigenous rapper recently left General Records to set up their own label, N.S.N.S (No Struggle No Success). We expect a big 2017 from CDQ!
The post VIDEO: CDQ – First Come First Served appeared first on tooXclusive.
CASINO
There's no stopping Macau casino operator Galaxy Entertainment Group (GEG) from constructing a $500 million integrated resort at the heart of the Philippine island oasis of Boracay, not even the island's impending closure.
In a disclosure to the Philippine Stock Exchange, GEG's local partner Leisure and Resorts World Corp (LRWC) said it would proceed with its plan to build its integrated resort in Boracay despite the impending closure of the island.
LWRC announced it had already purchased 23 hectares of land in Boracay as the two gambling operators anticipate Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation's (PAGCOR) issuance of a casino license.
“Upon the issuance of the said license through the partnership between LRWC and GEG an Integrated Resort will be constructed in the said property,” LWRC said in a statement.
Over the weekend, PAGCOR chair Andrea Domingo said the state regulator will issue a provisional license to GEG and its local partner by the end of March, paving the way for the casino operator to begin its casino project on the island.
They pointed out that GEG and LRWC weren't concerned about the recommendation of the Philippine Tourism Department and Interior Department to shut the island to give way for its one-year rehabilitation.
Boracay Island, famous for its powdery white sand beach and vibrant nightlife, is the Philippines' top tourist draw. The Philippines has also benefited from the casino boom over the past years thanks to an improved relationship between Beijing and Manila as well as a stable domestic economy.
Last year, GEG and LRWC sought regulatory approval for the Boracay project. GEG Deputy Chairman Francis Lui even flew to Manila in December to meet Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte in Manila and discuss the casino operator's intention to get a slice of the Philippine gambling market as the firm looks for new growth engines. Lui told Duterte that the casino operator wanted to help China in fostering strong diplomatic relations with the Philippines through increased trade.
In January, President Duterte ordered a moratorium on new casinos in the country in order to let the existing brick-and-mortar facilities mature first.
When asked whether GEG's application was covered by the casino ban, Domingo said GEG and LRWC “met all the requirements before the President announced the moratorium.”
5 killed in Waterfront Manila Hotel & Casino fire
In other Philippine casino news, at least five people were killed and 24 others were injured when a 25-hour inferno razed the Waterfront Manila Pavillion Hotel & Casino over the weekend.
Rappler reported that the blaze broke out at around 9:30 a.m. Sunday and was quelled at 10:56 a.m. Monday. The fatalities include four PAGCOR employees, according to fire officials.
Shares of Manila Pavillion operator Acesite Hotel Corporation tumbled by 7.19 percent to PHP1.29 (US$0.025)
The Philippines' Bureau of Fire Protection (BFP) officials said firefighters had difficulty putting out the fire since the hotel was heavily lined with combustible materials, such as carpets and curtains, which produced heavy smoke. It also didn't help that the hotel's sprinkler system was defective.
Comments
Coveo for Salesforce Free Edition removes barriers to adopt AI-powered search by offering a frictionless drag-and-drop experience
SAN FRANCISCO, CA and QUEBEC, QC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Coveo, a recognized leader in AI-powered search and predictive analytics, and recently positioned as the highest for execution and furthest for innovation leader in the leaders quadrant of Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Insight Engines, has just announced the general availability of Coveo for Salesforce Free Edition.
Coveo for Salesforce powers the support experiences of some of the biggest, most innovative brands in the world. Coveo for Salesforce Free Edition now allows every brand using Salesforce to leverage Coveo's Machine Learning features and transform their self-service experiences to deliver more relevant content, at scale, whether for customers, partners or employees.
Companies unintentionally make it difficult for people to find relevant content, let alone receiving relevant insights and personalized recommendations. It is even harder for community administrators and managers to gain valuable insights, and learn from usage and behavioral data, such as what customers are searching for, what drives better outcomes or what content gaps exist in their self-service pages.
"Search and relevance are at the very core of user engagement, personalization and self-service success," said Laurent Simoneau, President and CTO of Coveo. "We wanted to offer the Salesforce ecosystem a solution with the capabilities and ease of use needed to truly optimize their self-service experiences and applications. With Coveo for Salesforce Free Edition, they can now deploy an AI-powered search solution that not only delivers best-in-class relevance, in-depth usage analytics and a rich user interface, but also provides the advanced capabilities of our machine learning engine in minutes."
Coveo for Salesforce Free Edition offers a fast, barrier-free onramp that infuses self-learning, AI technology directly within Salesforce Community and App Clouds, making Salesforce content easier to find and providing insight into what customers, partners and employees are asking for in their community.
Within minutes, Coveo customers can transform their community and self-service sites into dynamic, visually appealing destinations that match the vibrancy of customer's existing digital properties, combined with the personalization power of AI-powered relevance.
Coveo for Salesforce Free Edition leverages the power of its machine learning to enable constituents to spend less time searching and more time engaging with the right content. With the Free Edition that is now available from the Salesforce AppExchange, companies benefit from the following features:
Machine learning capabilities that deliver the best, most relevant answers from all Salesforce content.
Easy drag-and-drop tools to customize their community with a rich, intuitive search user interface that matches the aesthetics of their site.
Coveo Usage Analytics which enable companies to continuously learn and improve, by understanding how people behave on-site, what they're looking for and when they don't find content, why not.
Flexible deployment options, available for any community, with an out-of-the-box integration with Lightning Community Builder or ability to add to existing VisualForce pages.
Coveo for Salesforce Free Edition is an ideal solution for Salesforce systems integrators and developers to integrate into their client's Salesforce environments. For those that also require Coveo Support, an Express Edition is available for a fee. Both editions enable developers to plan on using Coveo from the beginning of each of their client engagements, and help them to easily take the search experiences they deliver to their customers to the next level.
Coveo will be on the road in the upcoming series of Salesforce World Tour and community-led events such as Texas Dreamin' and Midwest Dreamin'. Visit the Coveo team at one of these events to learn more about different Coveo editions and which one best suits the needs of your organization.
To discover how you can drive real business results through AI-powered search, register for Coveo's upcoming webinar, Free AI-Powered Search for your Salesforce Community, on May 4, 2017.
To learn more about Coveo for Salesforce Free Edition, and get started with better search on your community, visit express.coveo.com.
About Coveo
Coveo, the relevance company.
Positioned upper-rightmost in the leader's quadrant of Gartner's Magic Quadrant for Insight Engines, Coveo helps companies transform by bringing relevance to every interaction their business has with customers, partners and employees. Coveo improves customer, partner and dealer engagement, and upskills employees with self-learning, AI-powered information and recommendations across all digital experiences, driving self-service intelligence from websites to contact centers and intranets. A Sitecore Platinum Technology Partner and a Salesforce Gold ISV Partner, Coveo removes complexity and improves proficiency and engagement. Powered by artificial intelligence, unified search, rich analytics, and machine learning, Coveo drives more relevant and effortless experiences by providing contextual information and predictive insights from across all cloud and on-premises systems. From website intelligence and self-service applications to intelligent contact centers and intranets, Coveo partners with some of the world's largest enterprise technology players and currently has more than 1,500 activations in mid-to-large sized global organizations across multiple industries, such as Johnson & Johnson, Adobe, VMWare, L'Oréal, GoPro, KeyBank and 3i.
For more information, visit www.coveo.com and follow our blog, LinkedIn, Twitter, and YouTube accounts.
Coveo is a trademark of Coveo Solutions, Inc.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
If augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) devices are going to succeed, businesses worldwide are going to need to adopt them in order to expand their operations. With the Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, or PlayStation VR, and popular AR experiences like Pokémon Go dominating the mindshare of this new type of tech, how these devices can change how businesses and organizations do business is often left in the dust.
Enter Microsoft Corp. with the HoloLens – its AR headset. On top of a gaming experience the glasses could provide, the tech giant has been pushing the way the glasses can revolutionize business processes. Whether it be in architecture, retail, or manufacturing, the HoloLens has taken a step away from the gaming focus of other devices, and dialed in on how it can transform the business. The question is – can it?
I got a chance to try out the HoloLens myself at the Microsoft Technology Centre in Toronto thanks to Avanade Inc., a Microsoft partner who has been developing business applications for Canadian retailers.
Essentially, Avanade is using the HoloLens to develop a system that would eliminate the need for retailers to have physical mockup locations. By creating virtual planograms that are fully customizable, retailers could create these mockups virtually.The HoloLens could also be used in-store to reorganize on the fly without creating the mess that normally comes with shuffling product around.
I was able to pick up the needed HoloLens gestures fairly quickly – there are only two – and tinker around with a virtual mockup of a case of laundry products that would be in a grocery store. Despite learning the hand movements, the actual act of moving around and placing new product was tedious to say the least.
To click on objects the HoloLens has a crosshair. The cursor is accurate, but you have to stare at a virtual object to “pick it up” and then it follows your gaze as you look across the shelf. This was tedious I'd be able to move products around more quickly just using my hands.
For instance, Avanade's technology innovation adviser, Bruno Capuano, told me that instead of using just the HoloLens, adding a tablet might work better in this case. That would make it easier to reorganize the shelves, but you'd still have the headset for that virtual experience.
The virtual mockups work well – it feels almost exactly like it would be seeing it in a store. However, I would suggest using a space with very little clutter when making these mockups. Since these shelves are the same size virtually as they would be in-store, they fill up a room fast.
But retail planograms aren't the only use for Hololens, and Microsoft has been proactive advertising other use cases on the HoloLens website.
Front and centre are partnerships with the likes of Volvo, who are using the HoloLens in the manufacturing process; Trimble, who are using the HoloLens to extend current Trimble tools and create 3D models as life-like holograms for architecture and construction professionals; and Jet Propulsion Laboratory, who are using the headset to explore Mars using holograms of Mars Rover images, and train jet engine repair virtually.
Between retail planograms, vehicle manufacturing, architecture, and exploring Mars, it's clear to me that there will be good uses for the HoloLens from a business perspective – I'm just not sold on how practical it will be yet. The eye-tracking based UI was just too slow.
The headset isn't light and the possibility of neck strain developing after 30 plus minutes of using the device is a very real one. Limiting employees to working for only 30 minute to hour chunks isn't exactly the improvement businesses are hoping for.
Step one moving forward with the HoloLens is to make a lighter, and more comfortable headset that someone wouldn't mind wearing for hours a time. The device in its current state is clunky, and I wouldn't expect a factory worker to accurately do their job with it on.
Otherwise, the possibilities look promising, especially from a retail planogram perspective.
The HoloLens Development Edition is currently available in Canada for the steep price of $4,000 at the Microsoft Store.
A man was hospitalized after a massive fire broke out at their home in Matthews Monday morning Caroline Hicks, WBTV
Ovation Magazine publisher, Dele Momodu is pictured with the daughters of late Military Head Of State General Sani Abacha in 1999 just a year after Abacha's death.
Source: http://www.naijahelm.com/2017/01/throwback-photo-of-dele-momodu-with-abacha-daughters.html
The center will be the home of the competitive exhibits, which include non-perishable entries in adult home economics, fine arts, photography, stained glass, baking, farm-crop entries, school exhibits and egg contest.
The youth exhibits will now have a new home in the East-West Building, which will allow them space to grow. The flowers and roses will also have a new home in the Arnett Education Building.
The new Expo Center will also be the home for all the pageants, as well as God and Country Day, at the Wilson County Fair.
“The new Expo Center will benefit the people of Wilson County during the fair as all events that will be in it will be limited to Wilson County residents,” said Randall Clemons, president of Wilson County Promotions. “The Expo Center will also feature Hometown USA during the fair that will be an outstanding display that you don' to want to miss.”
For more information, visit wilsoncountyfair.net or call 615-443-2626. Fair catalogs are available at local banks, chambers of commerce, The Lebanon Democrat office and the fair office.
Does chasing your kids leave you panting for breath? That's because they're as fit as professional athletes, according to a new study.
Researchers from Edith Cowan University in Australia and Université Clermont Auvergne in France studied energy use and post-exercise recovery in groups of 8- to 12-year-old boys, trained adult athletes and untrained adults. They had all three groups perform a series of high-intensity physical activities, and found that kids outperformed the adults.
“We found the children used more of their aerobic metabolism and were therefore less tired during the high-intensity physical activities,” study author and exercise physiologist Sébastien Ratel writes in a press release. “They also recovered very quickly — even faster than the well-trained adult endurance athletes . . . This may explain why children seem to have the ability to play and play and play, long after adults have become tired.”
These findings could help parents who want to develop their kids' athleticism.
“Our study shows that muscle endurance is often very good in children, so it might be better to focus on other areas of fitness such as their sports technique, sprint speed or muscle strength,” Ratel writes. “This may help to optimize physical training in children, so that they perform better and enjoy sports more.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LONDON (CBSMiami) — This year's Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded to group in Switzerland that's working towards a global ban on nuclear weapons.
The award comes amid heightened tensions between the U.S. and North Korea and President Trump's criticism over Iran's nuclear program.
The award came as a surprise to the Geneva-based International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, or ICAN.
“Really overwhelmed by all this, it's a huge honor,” said ICAN Executive Director Beatrice Fihn.
For the past decade, ICAN activists have been trying to convince nuclear-armed nations to prohibit and eliminate their weapons programs.
“You can't threaten to indiscriminately slaughter hundreds of thousands of civilians in the name of security,” said Fihn. “That's not how you build security, and it doesn't make us safer.”
The award may send a signal to the U.S. and North Korea that negotiations over nuclear weapons are vital to avoid a humanitarian crisis.
It's also a show of support for the 2015 Iran Nuclear Deal which ICAN pushed for despite President Trump calling it an “embarrassment” and not in America's national interest.
ICAN's leader said the Trump presidency has put a spotlight on the risks of nuclear weapons.
“The election of President Donald Trump has made a lot of people feel very uncomfortable with the fact that they alone can authorize the use of nuclear weapons and there's nothing people can do to stop him,” said Fihn.
The Nobel Prize committee said ICAN's work is needed now, more than ever, to eliminate nuclear weapons.
More than 300 nominees were up for this year's peace prize. Along with the honor, the Nobel committee awarded ICAN more than a million dollars.
What horse person doesn't dream of ‘dashing through the snow' in an open sleigh, snuggled up next to a loved one, laughing all the way?
My beloved, Cortney, and I booked a stay at the historic Omni Mount Washington Hotel in New Hampshire to celebrate our anniversary last month. Our intention was to spend most of each day skiing at Bretton Woods across the street, but the hotel and surrounding area has a plethora of other activities to entertain visitors as well: snowshoeing, canopy tours, ice skating, snowmobiling, the spa and, you guessed it, sleigh rides.
If we did anything else besides ski, eat and drink for three days, we were going to go for a sleigh ride.
The Gilded Age of the Grand Hotel
The completion of the Cog Railway through Crawford Notch in 1875 effectively ushered in the age of the grand hotel. Until then, a carriage road provided the only access to the White Mountains of New Hampshire. It was a wild and wonderful place which became a hub for social connection and whimsical art.
“This kind of ground obviously lends itself to getting out there and enjoying nature,” said Craig Clemmer, a director at the Mount Washington. “That kind of inspiration, whether you're seated on a horse or hiking, it's elegance on the edge of wilderness.”
The Mount Washington was the ambitious enterprise of coal and railroad tycoon Joseph Stickney. Construction began in 1900, on the back side of the Gilded Age. Two years later, Thomas Edison turned on the lights and the doors were opened to the public.
Designed by architect Charles Alling Gifford, the Mount Washington was one of the most innovative and luxurious hotels of the time. Whereas other area grand hotels earned their status with intermittent expansions, the Mount Washington was conceived as a 200-room masterpiece on a 10,000-acre estate. Today, it is one of the last remaining grand hotels still in operation.
Sadly, Mr. Stickney died just a year after the hotel opened, leaving everything to their young wife Carolyn Foster who was, for all intents and purposes, a horse person. They disliked motor cars so much they would not allow them to pull up to the front of the hotel. Only horses and carriages were allowed to use the front door, while automobile passengers were forced to use an alternative entrance which today serves as the valet lot. A pair of matching white carriage horses were their own preferred method of travel.
Despite their distaste for cars, they cared about the assets of their guests, so Carolyn built a 100+ stall car barn. That building was eventually dismantled, but Craig explained that the wooden beams were repurposed in the construction of the Latitude 44 restaurant and Hobbit Ski Center at Bretton Woods.
Horses are still an integral part of the Mount Washington experience, now as an family-friendly activity rather than a transportation necessity. While there are one and two-horse drawn sleigh rides in the winter, the resort offers trail rides in the summer plus a year-round barn buddies program that introduces children to the magic of horses.
Making Spirits Bright
Having served as the livery for several grand hotels in the area, the Bretton Woods Stables actually predate the hotel and today's equine inhabitants still reside in the original barn.
Luke Thorn is the resort's stablemaster now in their fourteenth year on the job. They not only drives the sleigh, but they are in charge of every aspect of the horses' care, right down to the horse shoes they make on the forge. Luke owns the horses himself, sourcing them from around the country to be safe, friendly additions to the resort stables. The steady steed for our evening sleigh ride was Ralph, a 23-year-old Belgium whom Luke affectionately called the “little guy” of the barn.
Luke and Ralph picked us up after sunset where we were waiting inside a heated outbuilding. Having been deprived of the smell of horses for a few days I had a snuggle session with Ralph before climbing into the open sleigh and settling down under the thick blankets provided.
Off we went, jingling up the drive, passed the historic Bretton Woods Inn (we ate a celebratory dinner there the following night, and it was easily the best meal we had on the whole trip). Beyond the Inn we past by what looked like the front of a mansion but was in fact the entrance to the barn.
We soon escaped the wind as we entered the shelter of the woods. Gliding along the quiet trail I marveled at how un-phased Ralph was by the darkness and night sounds, but Luke assured us he's an experienced old chap who knows their job. For the next half hour, Ralph sure-footedly dragged us through the snow while the three of us chatted.
Not long into the ride Cortney dug into their backpack and came up with a bottle of wine and two glasses (how thoughtful!). Clinking our cups together in ceremony, I thought what a perfect opportunity this would be for a couple in love to make a lifelong promise to each other.
“Do you get a lot of proposals during sleigh rides?” I asked Luke.
They laughed and confirmed, “All the time. Especially on Valentine's Day and we've had nine already this month. We even did a horse drawn wedding once.”
Emerging from the woods, we packed up our wine, thanked Luke and Ralph and boarded the shuttle to go to dinner. While we didn't exactly go dashing through the snow in the dark, I can check a romantic sleigh ride off my bucket list.
But the trip to the Omni Mount Washington will be one I remember forever for a different reason.
There would have been a tenth proposal that month, had I only stopped talking about horses long enough for Cortney to pop the question! Not to mention I slammed shut the window of opportunity by asking about proposals in the first place.
“It had potential,” Cortney laughed, explaining it all to me later.
I may have botched their first attempt, but good humored as Cortney is they brushed it off and tried again the next day. They surprised me at the top of the mountain, with the whole world beneath our feet and the sun glittering off the surface of the snow.
Anyone who witnessed the Milpitas City Council meeting on April 4 could sense the tension that had been built up quickly over arcane rules, procedures and contract language between Mayor Rich Tran and City Manager Tom Williams. Adding to the charged atmosphere were warnings to the mayor about Brown Act violations from City Attorney Chris Diaz, who almost walked out of the meeting in frustration.
Our energetic, youthful mayor swept into office last November on a platform of more transparency, opening greater communication with residents and promising a closer look at the assorted lawsuit settlements with employees over alleged behavior by the city manager. In their second run for political office, Rich Tran impressed the voters despite their inexperience. Historically, as well as by statute, the mayor's role in a “general law” city is largely a ceremonial one and is mainly the person who presides over council meetings. That wasn't the mandate the mayor thought was wanted by the voters.
One of their first proposals was to explore whether Milpitas wanted to look at banning the sale of non-rescue animals at Milpitas pet stores. That idea was nixed after none of the other council members saw merit in it. But the mayor is determined that some of their ideas are still needed. Thus, at the last council meeting, they made a push to talk about the performance review process for the city manager. Currently, this is done each November and one was completed by the full council on the normal schedule, even though three of the five members would not be coming back in January.
The mayor, at the meeting, got tangled up in the Brown Act restrictions on un-agendized items, which caused the flap with the city attorney and got under the skin of the city manager.
Tom Williams remained quite measured in tone but their body language resembled tripping over a wasps' nest. The exchange finally reached a point where the mayor was invited to meet with the manager and Williams' personal attorney to go over their contract's performance review verbiage.
Undeterred, Mayor Tran's exuberant style shows they still relish their role and seems unruffled by the dust-up. But their inexperience does occasionally prove embarrassing. There is something to be said for experience in getting ideas transformed into realities.
Meanwhile, the city manager's frustrations have resulted in a defensive posture vis-a-vis the mayor. We're sure that neither of them, nor the other four members of the city council, want this kind of friction to continue.
No doubt the council can hash all this out behind closed doors but it would seem a lot simpler if the mayor and the manager grabbed some beers and went to a quiet spot and worked it out between themselves.
And don't tell us what happened. Just show us in future meetings that everybody's on the same page working for the community's betterment.
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Start a Digital Trial for $1.00 per week.
Try all of the FT's content with a Premium Digital Trial 4 weeks for $1.00 *
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
Other Subscription options:
Disposable or reusable? Consumers face that choice many times each day. Should we buy a bottle of water for the gym or fill a thermos at home? Should we eat dinner on paper plates or use the dishes? Which to choose depends on many factors, including convenience, cost and the environment.
The choice is a little more complicated in the world of medical devices. Making surgical instruments from materials like stainless steel is expensive and energy-intensive. But, cleaning and sterilizing those instruments so they can be safely reused is also expensive and energy-intensive. What if instruments could be made from less expensive materials, such thermoplastic, so they could simply be used once and thrown away?
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
The most 'ingenious' real estate deals in New York City Each spring, commercial real estate pros vie for the Real Estate Board of New York's Most Ingenious Deal of the Year Awards. For the 73rd annual contest, the industry's most...
Roger Daltrey, LL Cool J to be honored by We Are Family Foundation The 2018 We Are Family Celebration Gala is set for April 27 at Hammerstein Ballroom in New York City.
Weinstein exposés win big at National Magazine Awards Sex scandals and the opioid crisis were on center stage at the National Magazine Awards on Tuesday. To nobody's surprise, Ronan Farrow's three-part series on the alleged serial sex offenses...
NYPD Medal of Valor found in thrift store will get 'proper honor' An NYPD Medal of Valor belonging to a city cop who died more than eight decades ago will receive its “proper honor” after a thrift shopper in Ohio found it...
NYPD Medal of Valor found in thrift store jewelry purchase AKRON, Ohio — A thrift shopper in Ohio says they found a New York Police Department Medal of Valor inside a $4 bag of mixed jewelry. The Akron Beacon Journal...
#MeToo won't change Hollywood — but money will Will they or won't he? Oscar watchers are wondering whether professional toady Ryan Seacrest will host the annual red-carpet pageantry for E! tonight after their former stylist accused them of...
J.J. Abrams teases Mark Hamill about 'General Hospital' stint The actor was one of several honorees, including Catherine O'Hara, Paula Malcomson and Barry Keoghan, at the 13th annual Oscar Wilde Awards.
Paul McCartney to receive prestigious prize in Israel The Wolf Foundation said that McCartney "is one of the greatest songwriters of all time."
Here's how 3-on-3 basketball in Olympics will actually work Millennials aren't just taking over the world. They're taking over the Summer Olympics, too. In an effort to gain more interest from young people and in urban areas, the International...
BMX legend dead at 41 of apparent suicide GREENVILLE, N.C. — Police say veteran X Games biker Dave Mirra has died in North Carolina. They were 41. Greenville police said Thursday night that Mirra's body was found earlier...
Getty
Both locked in the middle of a tight Group I battle for World Cup qualification, Iceland and Turkey will meet in a crucial match at Eskisehir Stadium on Friday.
Iceland came away with the 2-0 victory when these teams met in Reykjavik last October, but the Turks will be hoping for a different result now that they're on their home soil. Either way, this one has massive implications for the landscape of the World Cup.
In the United States, the match will start at 2:45 p.m. ET and be broadcast on Fox Soccer Plus. If you don't have cable or can't get to a TV, FuboTV is the only streaming service that will give you access to this this channel.. Fox Soccer Plus is included in the “Fubo Premier” package, and you can click here to sign up and start your free trial.
Once signed up, you can watch on your computer via your browser, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the Fubo app.
UEFA Group I World Cup Qualifying Table
Pos Team W-D-L GD Pts 1 Croatia 5-1-2 +9 16 2 Iceland 5-1-2 +4 16 3 Turkey 4-2-2 +4 14 4 Ukraine 4-2-2 +4 14 5 Finland 2-1-5 -4 7 6 Kosovo 0-1-7 -17 1
For the uninitiated, the first-place team in the group automatically qualifies for the World Cup, while the second-place country will advance to a second-round playoff, where they will play another UEFA second-place team for a spot in Russia.
Croatia currently has the leg up on the group with a better goal differential than Iceland and matches against Finland and Ukraine remaining. As such, there's a large possibility that Friday night's match determines who will advance to the second-round playoff. Iceland will be ecstatic with a draw on the road, while Turkey will be aiming for the full three points.
On Monday, Iceland will finish up Group play against last-place Kosovo at home, while Turkey will travel to Turku to take on Finland.
NOTE: This article may contain offensive language.
Many people have posted to their social media accounts in response to the brutal protests that took place on Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The President is at the center of these posts because the people feel that they did not censure the white supremacist protesters:
US President Donald Trump condemns violence by "many sides" at Saturday's #charlottesville white supremacist rally https://t.co/2Puj77PI2f pic.twitter.com/5cZmc1cbTI — BBC News (World) (@BBCWorld) August 13, 2017
In reference to Trump's statement regarding violence “from many sides,” former Vice President Joe Biden threw a jab by saying:
Former President Barack Obama also posted a statement to Twitter that focused more on the protests and the hatred surrounding this incident instead of Trump:
"No one is born hating another person because of the color of their skin or their background or their religion…" pic.twitter.com/InZ58zkoAm — Barack Obama (@BarackObama) August 13, 2017
Although their intentions were good, their post caused a Twitter uproar:
Although a few were in shock that the picture did not “work”:
The Association of Concerned Aviation Practitioners (ACAP) has said a claim by Asset Management Corporation of Nigeria (AMCON) that Arik Air has a debt profile of N300billion was untrue.
In a statement signed by its secretary, Justin Nwokolo, ACAP said the embattled airline's total debt, including what it owed AMCON, was less than N150billion.
It warned of a plan by a cabal, which it promised to name in its next statement, to hijack the airline.
AMCON, which took over Arik last Thursday, declared on Sunday that it needed over N10billion to fix the airline.
But Nwokolo noted that the N10b request was made even before an audit of the airline has been carried out and that the figure was too high.
They said: “Within 24 hours of the hostile takeover, AMCON is saying that it needs N10billion to fix the airline.”
They alleged that the Arik takeover was reminiscent of AMCON's takeover of Aero Contractors in 2012, which, according to him, left Aero in even worse debt.
They said: “ACAP wishes to remind the public that this same AMCON took over Aero in 2012 claiming that the airline was owing N12billion. At the time, the airline had nine aircraft and was worth far more than the alleged debt.
“After taking over Aero, AMCON has used an additional N20billion to chase a purported N12billion debt, leaving the airline in N32billion debt hole!”
Nwokolo said the cabal's actions would endanger Arik's safety record.
They continued: “Why are they lying that Arik Air owes N300billion when the total debt owed by airline to all vendors, including AMCON, is less than N150billion, which is less than 10 percent of the value of the airline valued at $ 4billion by the world renowned Delloite of London?
“As concerned aviation practitioners, it is our patriotic duty to ensure that this cabal that has chopped our past will not also chop our future by endangering Arik Air's sterling record in aviation safety for the past ten years!
“And who says they cannot? After the hostile takeover, International Air Transport Association (IATA) has suspended Arik Air's membership.
“Do not be deceived. There are 28 aircraft in Arik Air's fleet at the time when AMCON took over. Apart from the two A330 on C-Check, the two A340 on lease, two executive jets and two classics, 20 of its aircraft are flying.”
Nwokolo also stated that the the story about Arik being on the verge of an imminent shutdown before it was taken over by the government was “a lie from the pit of hell, and even NCAA, the government regulator, can attest to this.”
Orsted has completed installation of Siemens Gamesa and MHI Vestas turbines at the 659MW Walney 3 offshore wind farm in the Irish Sea.
Installation of the 87 turbines was carried out in two phases by Seajack jack-up vessel Scylla.
Related Stories DNV GL lends Walney 3 support
12 Feb 2018
Bladt starts loading Walney 3 kit
11 Apr 2017 Walney 3 comprises 40 MHI Vestas 8MW machines optimised to 8.25MW and 47 Siemens Gamesa 7MW turbines.
The project will become the largest offshore wind farm in the world when it becomes operational in the second half of the year, Orsted said.
Work is continuing on the commissioning of the turbines and substations, the company added.
Walney 3 programme director Andrew Cotterell said: “We're delighted to announce that all 87 turbines have been installed. It's thanks to the hard work of all the teams involved, both within Orsted and our partner contractors, that we have successfully reached this significant milestone on schedule.
“We are now focussed on completing construction and looking forward to seeing the world's largest wind farm brought safely into commercial operation later this year.”
Orsted owns 50% of the project, with compatriot pension funds PKA and PFA having each acquired a 25% stake in November last year.
Image: Orsted
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
During National Physical Fitness and Sports Month or anytime, MOBI's wrist blood pressure monitor allows users to stay on top of their blood pressure anywhere – without embarrassment or pain.
Beverly Hills, CA (PRUnderground) May 30th, 2018
There is no better time to become active than during May – National Physical Fitness and Sports Month – and there is no easier way to help ensure a safe workout than with the convenient, portable and pain-free MOBI Health Wrist Blood Pressure Monitor.
Available now to retailers, online sellers and the public, this monitor is based on proven technology used in doctor and pharmacist offices for years. Quick and quiet, this wrist blood pressure monitor is great for use at work or on the go. Users no longer have to settle for hard-to-carry, noisy, bulky blood pressure cuffs that can hurt their arms.
This small unit takes blood pressure with a single touch, detects an irregular heartbeat, warns of hypertension and tracks progress or problems by storing up to 120 past readings in 2 groups.
“During National Physical Fitness and Sports Month or whenever you're active, taking your blood pressure doesn't have to involve a large, noisy and embarrassing machine anymore, The MOBI name is trusted in thermometers and other home and healthcare products, and it's a name you can trust for your state-of-the-art wrist blood pressure monitor too.”
Additional features include an easy-to-see LED display and auto-shutdown to reduce battery drain.
Depend on this ergonomically designed unit to take a wrist blood pressure reading on just about anyone. Those with large upper arms or who find upper arm blood pressure units painful will be especially interested in this pain-free unit. For users who have been told to monitor blood pressure or those who want to stay informed, MOBI makes it easier than ever.
The company is seeking distribution channels for this wrist blood pressure monitor. To learn more about selling this product to your customers, contact MOBI. Samples are available to distributors, the media, executives and proven bloggers.
Founded 15 years ago, MOBI makes dependable, innovative and well-designed home and healthcare products. This wrist blood pressure monitor joins full-featured digital thermometers and more – available to the public through bricks-and-mortar and online retailers. Based in Beverly Hills, the company is committed to meeting consumer needs with innovative products that are the best in their category.
About MOBI Technologies
NEW CASTLE, Pennsylvania (WYTV) – Sharon rolled past Quakers Valley 65-48 Monday night in the PIAA Class 4A State Semifinal at new Castle High School.
The win clinches the Tigers' first trip to the state championship game in Hershey since 1961 when they won a state title.
James McKinney led the Tigers with a team-high 18 points. Elite Williams added 17 points in the win, while Ethan Porterfield tallied 11 points.
Coletrane Washington led all scorers with 23 points in the loss for Quaker Valley. The Quakers end the season with a record of 26-2.
Sharon has now won 24 straight games, improving to 27-2. The Tigers will face Imhotep Charter in the PIAA Class 4A State Championship Thursday at 8PM at the Giant Center in Hershey.
Total allowances of more than £80,000 were claimed last financial year by the four MSPs with offices in the Borders at that time, according to figures published by the Scottish Parliament.
At the top of the list is John Lamont, Conservative MSP for Ettrick, Roxburgh and Berwick from 2007 until April this year, when they resigned that seat and went on to be elected as MP for Berwick, Roxburgh and Selkirk the following month.
In their last full year at Holyrood, Mr Lamont, based at an office in Hawick High Street, claimed total allowances of £34,217.
That was made up of 436 separate claims comprising 35 for stays in Edinburgh hotels, costing £4,111 altogether; 224 for travel, costing £6,845; 108 for office provision, worth £17,775; 37 for staff travel at £1,627; 14 for telecommunications at £1,337; and 16 for surgery advertising at £2,489.
Christine Grahame, Scottish National Party MSP for Midlothian South, Ettrick and Lauderdale since 2011 and based at an office in Bank Street in Galashiels, claimed total allowances of £19,249.
That consisted of 176 separate claims – 75 for travel at £972, 75 for office provision at £16,458, nine for staff travel at £220, 10 for telecommunications at £688 and three for surgery advertising at £813.
Paul Wheelhouse, a South Scotland list MSP for the SNP with an office in Hawick's Sandbed, claimed allowances totalling £16,169.
The business, innovation and energy minister's 96 claims comprised 30 for accommodation in Edinburgh at £5,933, 12 for travel at £375, 40 for office provision at £9,246 and 13 for telecommunications at £555.
Over the last five years, Mr Lamont claimed £168,844 in total, Ms Grahame £98,830 and Mr Wheelhouse £85,962.
The allowances paid to Rachael Hamilton, elected as a South Scotland list MSP for the Conservatives in May 2016 and then to the Ettrick, Roxburgh and Berwick seat vacated by Mr Lamont a year later, only cover the 10 months to March 31, 2017.
During that period, Mrs Hamilton, now moving into an office of their own in Kelso after previously sharing with Mr Lamont, received £13,962 in allowances for 118 claims including 17, together worth £11,034, for Edinburgh hotels and other accommodation; 70, together costing £1,735, for travel; 13 for office costs for advertising, hall hire for surgeries, printing and photocopying at £761; and 12 for staff travel at £78.60.
Them list seat was taken over by Selkirkshire councillor Michelle Ballantyne in May.
OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — The solar eclipse will sweep through Nebraska later this month, and some professors and institutions see it as an opportunity to teach students about astronomy, space and science.
The Omaha World-Herald reports that the University of Nebraska at Kearney and Concordia University in Seward will invite students and visitors into their stadiums for the solar eclipse Aug. 21.
Some universities have encouraged instructors to allow students to observe the eclipse or have cancelled classes that day. Other colleges have planned viewing parties with drinks and snacks. Some professors are holding events leading up to the eclipse.
The moon will cover the sun for about 2 ½ minutes in the eclipse's roughly 70-mile-wide path.
The last total eclipse to cross the U.S. from coast to coast occurred nearly 100 years ago.
All contents © copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) – A 19-year-old man is facing a second-degree murder charge in the June death of a 16-year-old boy.
KTUU-TV reports (http://bit.ly/2lDp7bj) the suspect was set to appear in court Saturday morning after their Feb. 10 arrest in the death of Frank Woodford.
It's unclear if the man has an attorney.
Alaska State Troopers say that on June 27 they responded to a report of an underage teenager who had a gunshot wound.
Woodford was found at a Wasilla home and later pronounced dead at a hospital.
The suspect's Saturday court appearance was not open to the public or media.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) – Tuesday is the big day for many cities across North Carolina as the NCAA is expected to announce tournament host sites for the next five years.
NCAA leaders said the state would be eligible to host events after lawmakers repealed HB2. Championships were pulled from the state last year in response to HB2.
Stick with WNCT on air and online for the latest on the decision.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The Iran nuclear deal will be one of the big items on the agenda Tuesday during French President Emmanuel Macron's visit with President Trump. Macron wants the U.S. to stick with the deal, but President Trump has been a harsh critic of the agreement.
Here & Now‘s Eric Westervelt (@Ericnpr) speaks with MSNBC's Ali Velshi (@AliVelshi), co-host of “Velshi & Ruhle.”
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Federal Agriculture Minister has announced an investment of $360,521 for the Ontario Ginseng Growers' Association.
They said the money is “to help promote and pursue new markets, including India which provides potential to further increase demand for Canadian-grown ginseng beyond its traditional Asian markets.”
An 18-year-old man was fined £250 last Wednesday at Craigavon Magistrates Court for driving without insurance on September 18 this year.
Glenn McKeown, whose address was given as Pinebank, Craigavon, was also given six points and ordered to pay a £15 offender's levy.
The court heard that at 4.20pm a police check on a car travelling on the Old Portadown Road showed it was not insured.
They spoke to the defendant who was the driver and it transpired that their previous policy had been cancelled.
The car was seized.
A solicitor representing the defendant said their client couldn't afford insurance and, on this occasion, made a foolish decision to drive.
Deputy District Judge Anne Marshall said McKeown had made a bad start to their driving career having got three points previously for speeding.
The Group Managing Director of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, Maikanti Baru, on Friday visited Vice President Yemi Osinbajo befoe heading to the office of the Chief of Staff to the President, Abba Kyari. The People's Democrati...
Here are some pictures of Nigerian celebrities and their loved ones as they celebrate Valentine's day.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
KEY WEST (CBSMiami/FKNB) – How fast can you eat an entire Key lime pie without using your hands?
Houston attorney Trey Bergman did it in well under two minutes, winning Key West's annual July 4 Mile High Key Lime Pie Eatin' Contest.
Bergman, the defending champion, defeated 24 other entrants from around the U.S. Wednesday, devouring a nine-inch Key lime pie smothered in whipped cream in just 1:40:57.
Contestants were not allowed to use forks, spoons, or even their hands — resulting in inventive and very messy methods of consumption as they gobbled the Florida Keys' signature dessert.
“My strategy is very simple. It's the law of ABCs: ‘Always Be Consuming',” said a jubilant Bergman after the contest, fragments of Key lime pie still smearing their face, T-shirt and the bright yellow bathing cap and goggles they wore.
Believed to have originated in Key West in the late 1800s, Key lime pie is made primarily of condensed milk, egg yolks and the juice of tiny yellow Key limes — typically with a graham cracker crust and whipped cream or meringue topping. It was designated Florida's official pie in 2006 by the state legislature.
A highlight of the annual Key Lime Festival, the quirky consumption challenge is a sweet response to New York City's traditional July 4 hotdog-eating contest.
“My Fourth of July tradition in Key West is to eat Key lime pie,” said Bergman. “We need no stinkin' hotdogs, we need no stinkin' anything else. If you're in the Keys, you eat Key lime pie, baby, on the Fourth of July.”
The festival's other events include an offbeat Key Lime Pie Drop, a scavenger hunt and tasting strolls featuring Key lime cocktails and pie.
The Florida Keys News Bureau contributed to this report.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
South Korean prosecutors said Monday the daughter of the confidante of disgraced President Park Geun-hye has been arrested in Denmark and authorities are working to get them returned home in connection with a huge corruption scandal.
Park was impeached last month by lawmakers amid public fury over prosecutors' allegations that the president conspired to allow their longtime friend, Choi Soon-sil, to extort companies and control the government.
Denmark police arrested Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra, on the weekend on charges of staying their illegally.
South Korea had asked Interpol to search for Chung because they didn't return home to answer questions about the scandal.
South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that Chung, a former member of the national equestrian team, allegedly took advantage of their mother's relationship with Park to get unwarranted favors from Seoul's Ewha Womans University.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Belfast Giants coach Adam Keefe is unhappy about their team having a goal disallowed in the Elite League game against leaders Cardiff Devils.
With just 1.6 seconds left in overtime a shot by Spiro Goulakos went in off the crossbar - only to be ruled out.
The Giants won the penalty shootout 4-3.
Apart from being an actor par excellence and a big superstar, Mammootty is also undoubtedly the most stylish star that the Malayalam film industry has ever seen. Their style quotient is hard to be matched and many a time, they have given even the youngsters, a run for their money.
Well, Mammootty's craze for gadgets and vehicles, is also well-known. Especially, it is quite known to many that the much loved star of Mollywod is hugely fond of cars. There have been umpteen number of instances in films from the past wherein Mammootty was seen riding stylish cars and bikes.
Now, videos and pictures of Mammootty riding a superbike, has taken the social media by storm. Interestingly, it was in Kaloor that the Megastar was spotted riding the limited edition BMW superbike, and it has to be said that the Megastar looked as stylish as ever this time too. The photos and the videos associated with this have turned out to be hugely popular on social media and Mammootty has once again proved that they are truly the stylish star of Mollywood.
Meanwhile, reports have surfaced that, the same was in connection with the shoot of their upcoming film Oru Kuttanadan Blog, which is being directed by popular scenarist Sethu. In the film which is touted to be a light-hearted family entertainer, Mammootty will be seen playing a character named Hari.
Lagos, a state in South Western Nigeria boasts of a population of over 20 million people. It is reputed to be Nigeria's fastest growing city and the commercial nerve of the country. The state is not with violence and terrible clashes in some parts of...
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
0:31 Fire damages uptown condos under construction
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Toy retailers are seeing more action in October than usual — and five hot toys are already selling out, retailers tell The Post.
“It's odd to have this kind of demand so early in the shopping season where toys are just blowing out of the stores and selling out online,” said Jim Silver, president of TTPM, a toy review Web site.
Toronto-based Spin Master makes two of the best sellers, Hatchimals Surprise, a $70 egg that hatches two bird-like creatures, and Luvabella, a $99 doll (right) that babbles, blinks its eyes and turns its head when it's done eating.
The other three bestsellers are Fingerlings, a monkey-like creature that sells for $15 a pop; Pikmi Pops Surprise, an $11 plush toy by Moose Toys; and, L.O.L. Big Surprise, a $69 doll that sold out on Amazon and Toysrus.com within an hour of going on sale on Sept. 29, according to toy maker MGA Entertainment.
With the toy out of stock, anxious parents are placing pre-orders with some stores for the L.O.L. — basically reserving a place in line for when new shipments arrive.
“L.O.L. will be MGA's biggest seller,” said Chief Executive Isaac Larian, whose company sold $1.3 billion in Bratz dolls in 2005 and 2006.
Larian increased the number of L.O.L dolls on order to 1 million from 650,000 to accommodate the demand, they said. Still, they expect to sell out all of them by Thanksgiving.
Some L.O.L.s are selling on eBay for up to $200.
“It's a net positive that you have multiple hot products on the expensive side,” said Sean McGowan, a toy consultant with Liolios.
Priyanka Chopra's mother, Madhu Chopra today responded to the notice for illegal construction that was issued to the actor by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), saying they are cooperating with the officials, the spokesperson said. Them statement comes a day after the BMC pulled up the Quantico actor for allegedly carrying out illegal constructions at their spa and salon in suburban Oshiwara.
Also Read: Ranbir Kapoor Reveals That He's Addicted To Something Which Is WORSE Than Drugs!
"We have received the notice from the BMC. We are coordinating with the officials and have already taken the required appropriate measures," a spokesperson for Chopra said in a statement.
Yesterday, a civic official said the BMC had received complaints of alleged irregularities in construction of Charishma Beauty Spa and Salon, owned by the actor. If Chopra fails to comply with the notice, the BMC will demolish the illegal alterations, they said.
TOI had quoted a senior official from the BMC by saying, "We earlier wrote them asking to regularize the unauthorized changed after paying the penalty and removed other illegal changes which cannot be approved. But they didn't bother to pay any attention after which we sent them notice under the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act (MRTP). If they fail to reply on this, we will demolish the illegal construction at both the premises."
(PTI News)
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
While none of the documents during a three-year period when Kushner was CEO bore their personal signature, they provide a window into the ethics of the business empire they ran before they went on to become one of the most trusted advisers to the president of the United States.
"It's bare-faced greed," said Aaron Carr, founder of Housing Rights Initiative, a tenants' rights watchdog that compiled the work permit application documents and shared them with The Associated Press. "The fact that the company was falsifying all these applications with the government shows a sordid attempt to avert accountability and get a rapid return on its investment."
Kushner Cos. responded in a statement that it outsources the preparation of such documents to third parties that are reviewed by independent counsel, and "if mistakes or violations are identified, corrective action is taken immediately."
"Kushner would never deny any tenant their due-process rights," it said, adding that the company "has renovated thousands of apartments and developments with minimal complaints over the past 30 years."
New York City Council members are calling for an investigation into the AP's report.
The falsified documents allowed the Kushner Cos. to escape extra scrutiny during construction projects that the watchdog group said led to harassment of rent regulated tenants.
Mary Ann Siwek sits in their apartment in the East Village neighborhood of Manhattan on March 15, 2018. Jared Kushner's family real estate company routinely filed false documents with New York City claiming it had no rent-regulated tenants in its buildings, including the one where Siwek lived, when it actually had hundreds. Mary Altaffer / AP
For the three Queens buildings in the borough's Astoria neighborhood, the Kushner Cos. checked a box on construction permit applications in 2015 that indicated the buildings had zero rent-regulated tenants. Tax records filed a few months later showed the company inherited as many as 94 rent-regulated units from the previous owner.
In all, Housing Rights Initiative found the Kushner Cos. filed at least 80 false applications for construction permits in 34 buildings across New York City from 2013 to 2016, all of them indicating there were no rent-regulated tenants. Instead, tax documents show there were more than 300 rent-regulated units. Nearly all the permit applications were signed by a Kushner employee, including sometimes the chief operating officer.
Had the Kushner Cos. disclosed those rent-regulated tenants, it could have triggered stricter oversight of construction crews by the city, including possibly unscheduled "sweeps" on site by inspectors to keep the company from harassing tenants and getting them to leave.
Instead, current and former tenants of the Queens buildings told the AP that they were subjected to extensive construction, with banging, drilling, dust and leaking water that they believe were part of targeted harassment to get them to leave and clear the way for higher-paying renters.
"It was noisy, there were complaints, I got mice," said mail carrier Rudolph Romano, adding that they also bristled at a 60 percent rent increase, a hike the Kushner Cos. contends was initiated by the previous landord. "They cleaned the place out. I watched the whole building leave."
Tax records show those rent-regulated units that numbered as many as 94 when Kushner took over fell to 25 by 2016.
In Kushner buildings across the city, records show frequent complaints about construction going on early in the morning or late at night against the rules, improper or illegal construction, and work without a permit.
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner attend a meeting held by President Donald J. Trump with members of their Cabinet at the White House in Washington on March 8, 2018. Michael Reynolds / Pool via Getty Images
At a six-story walk-up in Manhattan's East Village that was once home to the Beat poet Allen Ginsberg, the Kushner Cos. filed an application to begin construction in late 2013 that, again, listed zero rent-regulated tenants. Tax records a few months later showed seven rent-regulated units.
"All of a sudden, there was drilling, drilling. ... You heard the drilling in the middle of night," said one of the rent-regulated tenants, Mary Ann Siwek, 67, who lives on Social Security payments and odd jobs. "There were rats coming in from the abandoned building next door. The hallways were always filled with lumber and sawdust and plaster."
A knock on the door came a few weeks later, and an offer of at least $10,000 if they agreed to leave the building.
"I know it's pretty horrible, but we can help you get out," Siwek recalls the man saying. "We can offer you money."
Siwek turned down the cash and sued instead. They said they won a year's worth of free rent and a new refrigerator.
New York City Council member Ritchie Torres, who plans to launch an investigation into permit applications, said: "The Kushners appear to be engaging in what I call the weaponization of construction."
Rent stabilization is a fixture of New York City that can bedevil developers seeking to make money off buildings. To free themselves of its restrictions, landlords usually have to wait until the rent rises above $2,733 a month, something that can take years given the small increases allowed each year.
Submitting false documents to the city's Department of Buildings for construction permits is a misdemeanor, which can carry fines of up to $25,000. But real estate experts say it is often flouted with little to no consequences. Landlords who do so get off with no more than a demand from the city, sometimes a year or more later, to file an "amended" form with the correct numbers.
Housing Rights Initiative found the Kushner Cos. filed dozens of amended forms for the buildings mentioned in the documents, most of them a year to two later.
"There is a lack of tools to go after landlords who harass tenants, and there is a lack of enforcement," said Seth Miller, a real estate lawyer who used to work at a state housing agency overseeing rent regulations. Until officials inspect every construction site, "you're going to have this incentive for landlords to make life uncomfortable for tenants."
New York City's Department of Buildings did not comment in general about the false filings by the Kushner Cos., but said it disciplined a contractor who filed false documents while working on two of the Queens buildings, which are currently under investigation by a tenant-harassment task force. It added that the department is also ramping up its monitoring of construction, hiring 72 new inspectors under city laws recently passed to crack down on tenant harassment.
"We won't tolerate landlords who use construction to harass tenants — no matter who they are," spokesperson Joseph Soldevere said.
Exactly how much money the Kushner Cos. earned from the buildings mentioned in the documents is unclear. Of those 34 buildings, only the three in Queens and a fourth in Brooklyn appear to have been sold. The company also likely made money by reducing the number of rent-regulated tenants and bringing in those who would pay more.
Jared Kushner, who stepped down as CEO of the Kushner Cos. last year before taking on their advisory role at the White House, sold off part of their real estate holdings as required under government ethics rules. But they retained stakes in many properties, including Westminster Management, the Kushner Cos. subsidiary that oversees its residential properties. A financial disclosure last year showed they still own a stake in Westminster and earned $1.6 million from the holding.
Back in Queens, the mail carrier Romano was one of the few rent-regulated tenants who fought back.
They hired a lawyer who found out they were protected from the 60-percent rent hike by law, something Romano did not know at the time. And they said their rent, which was set to increase to $3,750, was restored to $2,350.
Romano is still in the building where they have lived for nine years, with their wife, four children and their guests from the construction days — the mice.
"I still haven't gotten rid of them."
The Old Rochester Lady Bulldogs claimed their first MSL title since 2007, defeating the Lady Spartans of Bishop Stang 49-34. The Mattapoisett Summer Basketball League, which has been operating since 1982 under the direction of ORR Coach Bob Hohne, consists of 16 area high school teams divided into an American and National Conference. After playing 9 regular season games, all teams qualify for the playoffs. Finishing second in the National Conference with a 7-2 record, the Lady Bulldogs defeated Dartmouth 48-36, Apponequet 48-40, and in the conference Championship game the undefeated Falmouth Clippers 33-24.
In the League Championship game, ORR faced Bishop Stang, the champions of the American Conference. After a close first half, ORR's speed and defense paved the way for the 49-34 victory. Incoming first-year student Cassidy Yeomans, who led ORR with 26 points, was named MVP of the league.
The Lady Bulldogs will return to action this weekend playing in the Assumption College Summer Slam.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between Trips Five tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S. A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
1:14 First baby of the year gets name from the Bible Pause
0:37 Tax commissioner shows cramped quarters
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:40 Bob Denison volunteers to make the old new again
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:33 Chance Jones credits assistants for first-year success
1:08 Lorenzo Carter is excited for Dominick Sanders to return for senior season
1:33 Jacob Eason talks scrambling ability, Liberty Bowl
2:15 Department of Labor: 'Overtime - it's about time'
U.S. stock futures were moving higher Wednesday in a holiday-shortened session, though losses across other global markets due to trade tensions could make those gains tough to hang onto.
American stock markets and the bond market are shut for the Independence Day holiday, and there are no economic releases expected, as federal agencies are closed. Volumes may be lower than usual for futures trading, as well.
Read: Which markets are closed on July Fourth?
What are markets doing?
Dow Jones Industrial Average futures YMU8, +0.22% rose 64 points, or 0.3%, to 24,277, while S&P 500 futures ESU8, +0.29% added 8.45 points, or 0.3%, to 2,722. Nasdaq-100 futures NQU8, +0.27% put on 27 points, or 0.4%, to 7,050.75.
On Tuesday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.54% closed 132.36 points, or 0.5%, lower at 24,174.82. The S&P 500 SPX, -0.49% ended down 0.5%, with the technology sector leading the declines with a 1.4% drop, while the Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -0.86% declined 0.9%. Trading volumes were lower than normal ahead of the Fourth of July holiday, and markets closed three hours earlier than normal.
The Russell 2000 index RUT, +0.32% of small-cap stocks defied the general trend, closing higher, up 5.33 points, or 0.3%, to 1,660.42.
What is driving the market?
Tuesday's losses for U.S. stocks accelerated toward the end of the session, and Asia picked up the baton on losses on Wednesday, as trade war worries persisted.
China reportedly plans to begin imposing tariffs on $34 billion of U.S. goods from midnight Friday Beijing time, and the Trump administration's tariffs on up to $50 billion in Chinese imports are expected to kick in the same day. However, China's tariffs will begin 12 hours sooner because of the time difference.
Two events that kept trade tensions high in the U.S. on Tuesday rippled though into Asia — the Trump administration's attempt to block China Mobile CHL, -0.70% 0941, +0.51% from operating in the U.S. market, and the Chinese blocking Micron Technology Inc. MU, -5.51% from selling some of its memory chips in China.
Read: How will investors know if there is a full-blown trade war? Here's what Wall Street says
The European Union, meanwhile, may be looking at a way to broker an international trade deal to cut auto tariffs and take remove some tensions from the global trade picture, the Financial Times reported.
And: These 3 airlines to suffer most from growing trade dispute, analyst says
What are strategists saying?
““The biggest risks to the technology sector are regulation and global semiconductor disruption from an escalating trade war. At this point, the probabilities for both scenarios having major impacts on the technology sector in the short term are low,” said Peter Garnry, head of equity strategy at Saxo Bank, in a note to clients.
What are other markets doing?
Asian stock markets finished with losses, with the tech-heavy China Shenzhen ChiNext Composite 399106, -1.96% tumbling 2.6%. Equities in Europe were mixed.
The dollar DXY, +0.04% was flat, while gold prices GCQ8, +0.27% rose modestly to $1,258.30 an ounce. Crude oil CLQ8, -0.67% prices slipped to under $74 a barrel.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Germany grapples with rise of fake news ahead of general election
Lake Zurich hosts 'Taste of the Towns'
hello
LAKE ZURICH -- The 11th annual Taste of the Towns is scheduled to be held from 3-7 p.m. Sunday at Paulus Park, 200 S. Rand Road, in Lake Zurich.
Hosted by the LZ Area Chamber of Commerce, Taste of the Towns features a variety of local food and beverage vendors who will be serving samples of their menus. Attendees can enjoy their samples at any of the picnic or pavilion seating available.
Taste menus are available for $40 before the event at www.tasteofthetowns.com, and includes a "Taste" of food from all 29 vendors and over $100 in coupons for your next visit to most of the participating restaurants. The menus may be shared by more than one individual. Taste Menus may also be purchased for $55 on the day of the event, in addition to the $2 entry fee for anyone over 21.
Tasting Tokens may be purchased at the event for $3 each and allows for one sample of food from a single vendor per token. Attendees can use two Tasting Tokens at one vendor to receive a full serving of the food or drink that vendor offers.
29 different local establishments, including Bbq'd Productions, Beelow's Steakhouse, BeerAbility, Bellalukes, Biaggi's Ristorante Italiano, Bobbers Lake Zurich, Buddy's Special Events, Buffalo Creek Brewing, California Pizza Kitchen, Chasers Sports Bar & Grill, Copper Fiddle Distillery, Consume, Culvers of Lake Zurich, Franco's Pescheria, Jersey Mike's, La Malinche Bar and Grill, Lou Malnati's, Morkes Chocolates, My Flavor It! Place, Nothing Bundt Cakes, On Occasion Catering & Events, Orchard Prime Meats, Prairie Krafts Brewing Company, Roaring Table Brewery and Taproom, Simply Delicious Gourmet Catering, Smokin' T's BBQ, Trader Joe's, UnWined, and Zin Gastro Pub will provide samples, or "tastes," of their food or drink.
Billy Nixon, The DuPage Band and dancers from The Academy of Performing Arts will provide live entertainment. Children and family activities will also be held throughout the day, adding to the "Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte" atmosphere.
For more information, visit www.TasteoftheTowns.com.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
We'll assume we have your consent to use cookies, for example so you won't need to log in each time you visit our site.
Learn more
Agree
A powerful winter storm will move into Southern California Thursday night, bringing the potential for heavy rain and high winds through the weekend.
The brunt of the storm system won't arrive until Friday when moderate to heavy rainfall is expected to fall across San Diego County. Coastal areas could see with 1 to 3 inches of rain.
“Usually, our winter storms provide the bulk of rain in the mountains,” said NBC 7 Meteorologist Jodi Kodesh. “But, this time, even our coastline is expecting heavy rain & high winds.”
The National Weather Service forecast suggests rivers like the San Diego, Tijuana and Santa Margarita will "record significant flows." The San Diego and Santa Margarita rivers may reach flood stage early Saturday, the NWS warns.
The winter storm will come into contact with subtropical moisture from the south, creating a recipe for widespread, heavy rainfall, Kodesh said.
At times, rainfall rates of .5 to 1.5 inch of rain per hour are possible.
“When all is said and done, we could get 1 to 3 inches at the beaches,” Kodesh said. “Isolated areas in the mountains could be drenched by 2 to 5 inches.”
Wind gusts near 60 mph are possible Friday and Saturday, even at the coast. That could easily topple trees, or down power lines, Kodesh said.
by 7th and 8th grade language arts classes GARDNER — Gardner School is unique in many ways, one of which is their on campus flower gardens and greenhouse. Ms. Johnnye Mullen is beginning their third year as the “Volunteer-in-Charge” of overseeing the gardens and greenhouse at the school. They say that their goals are: Raise
What “Pope Francis: A Man of Their Word” can teach us about tolerance
Pope Francis has transformed the church's stance on LGBTQ matters.
By T.T. Stern-Enzi
I've never much liked the idea of tolerance. Who wants to be tolerated? And as a critic, I often find myself taking offense at the idea of casting judgment on the works of others. I'm not shy or retiring about offering my informed opinion about a film or the collected works of a filmmaker, but really, who am I to judge the art or the artist? I'm not capable of such efforts, but I can appraise the impact the work has on me, as a viewer.
As a person of color, I think about these things. Film matters to me, in part, because it offers necessary representations (of an infinite assortment of characters and traits) and I am constantly aware of the moving reflections I observe on screens, both large and small. I eagerly search for some glimpse that looks, in some way, shape or form,
like me.
Black is the color of my true love's hair, so said Nina Simone, but in most cases, black doesn't have such a favorable association. Think evil or nefarious or inferior. Those are just a smattering of the judgments we place on blackness. Who wants to be
black onscreen?
In much the same way, who wants to be gay, lesbian, or transgender—onscreen or off? There are, of course, the stereotypes. Fashion-conscious. Hyper-fit. Highly promiscuous. But everywhere you look, there are signs that being LGBTQ is not seen as a mainstream model of “normal”.
The male gaze, commonly associated with the perspective of directors, is white and heterosexual, so we're rarely allowed to see homosexuality as lovingly provocative. It is distasteful and thus barely seen. Lesbians enjoy more “exposure” from the male gaze, because men can appreciate the sight of two women involved in moments of passion.
Director Wim Wenders, known for their spiritually-minded approach, has waded into these earthly cultural waters in their new documentary “Pope Francis: A Man of Their Word.” The filmmaker, who in “Wings of Desire” captured the agony of an angel named Damiel (Bruno Ganz) longing for the ecstasy of the human experience after an endless lifetime of watching the everyday struggle, meets their match in the form of a Pope who fearlessly embraces the challenge of walking alongside the downtrodden, while maintaining their connection with the divine.
The Pontiff locks arms and raises their voice in solidarity with the poor around the globe and comes to the defense of the planet in ways that religious figures across the faith spectrum refuse to, even when such support might actually bring their flocks together. These are the kinds of impeachable causes that would seem to be no brainers.
But what makes Pope Francis a truly revolutionary leader is, when asked about homosexuality, plainly questioned whether or not they (and by extension, we) had the right to judge who someone decides to love, the Pope zeroes in on the heart of the matter and plants a stake well-past the safety found in mere tolerance. Wenders presents the exchange, during an impromptu press gathering on a plane, allowing us to share that space, which, to my mind, seemed somehow intimate, possibly because of the nature of the question. It was leading, the query, to a certain extent, due to widely held church positions about same-sex interactions. Long considered sins, the Church often tried to negotiate a divide of sorts, where the intention was to separate “the sin and the sinner.” We have been told that we can love the sinner and hate the sin, and that the sinner could be saved by not acting on the urge. That sounds an awful lot like tolerance, right?
But by refusing to judge, Pope Francis takes us all by the hand and leads us towards a vision of humanity that earns and deserves our pride. This could be the first meaningful step towards what we might dream we could be.
Might this be the point where Hollywood could see its way to producing a movie like “Love, Simon,” which dared to feature a gay high school protagonist (Nick Robinson), caught up in their own search for love and happiness? Simon's not the neutered best friend, the sassy supporting player without a meaningful arc of their own, who bats their eyes as their best bud stumbles his/her way to a happily ever after.
Is it perfect? Hell, no. But, in accordance with the Pope's utterance, it shows a tentative striving to get past the default judgments of the past that would have kept a character like Simon and their yearnings, hidden from our easily wounded sensibilities. The word of Pope Francis just might lay the foundation for a desired place where we are all angels.
Welcome to the technological future — of fashion. New Yorkers got to peak into the future Wednesday evening with a tech fashion show hosted by Tech In Motion. The show,...
This jacket does more than protect you from the elements. Asher Levine, the 25-year-old designer who has dressed Lady Gaga, created a new getup that could top their infamous meat...
Cambridge Analytica's chief executive officer Alexander Nix gives an interview during the 2017 Web Summit in Lisbon. Source: AFP/Getty Images
FACEBOOK SHARES PLUNGED as the social media giant was pounded by criticism over revelations that a firm working for Donald Trump's presidential campaign harvested and misused data on 50 million members.
Calls for investigations came on both sides of the Atlantic after Facebook responded to explosive reports of misuse of its data by suspending the account of Cambridge Analytica, a British firm hired by Trump's 2016 campaign.
Democratic Senator Amy Klobuchar and Republican John Kennedy called for Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg to appear before Congress, along with Google and Twitter's CEOs.
The lawmakers said the companies “have amassed unprecedented amounts of personal data” and that the lack of oversight “raises concerns about the integrity of American elections as well as privacy rights”.
Facebook's chief of security Alex Stamos said their role has shifted to focusing on emerging risks and election security at the global social network.
Stamos revealed the change after The New York Times reported that they were leaving Facebook in the wake of internal clashes over how to deal with the platform being used to spread misinformation.
“Despite the rumors, I'm still fully engaged with my work at Facebook,” Stamos said in a message posted on their verified Twitter account.
It's true that my role did change. I'm currently spending more time exploring emerging security risks and working on election security.
Stamos advocated investigating and revealing manipulation of news at the social network by Russian entities, to the chagrin of other top executives, the Times reported, citing unnamed current and former employees.
Profiles weaponised?
Senator Ron Wyden asked Facebook to provide more information on what they called a “troubling” misuse of private data that could have been used to sway voters.
Wyden said they want to know how Cambridge Analytica used Facebook tools “to weaponise detailed psychological profiles against tens of millions of Americans”.
In Europe, officials voiced similar outrage.
Vera Jourova, the European commissioner for justice, consumers and gender equality, called the revelations “horrifying, if confirmed,” and vowed to address concerns in the United States this week.
According to a joint investigation by The New York Times and Britain's Observer, Cambridge Analytica was able to create psychological profiles on 50 million Facebook users through the use of a personality prediction app that was downloaded by 270,000 people, but also scooped up data from friends.
Cambridge Analytica denied misusing Facebook data for the Trump campaign.
Elizabeth Denham, Britain's Information Commissioner who regulates the sector in the country, announced their office would seek a court warrant on Tuesday to search Cambridge Analytica's computer servers.
They said the company had been “uncooperative” to requests for access to its records and missed a Monday deadline stipulated.
Meanwhile, Facebook said it has hired a digital forensics firm to examine how the data leak occurred and to ensure that any data collected had been destroyed.
Facebook shares skidded 6.8% by the close of the Nasdaq on concerns about pressure for new regulations that could hurt its business model.
Shares slipped another percent or so to $170 in after-market trades.
The sell-off spread to other technology giants on Wall Street including Apple, Google-parent Alphabet and Netflix. Asian markets extended the losses, with Tokyo-listed Sony down, Samsung falling in Seoul and Tencent retreating in Hong Kong.
‘Self-regulation not working'
Jennifer Grygiel, a Syracuse University professor who studies social media, said the disclosures will increase pressure to regulate Facebook and other social media firms, already under scrutiny for allowing disinformation from Russian-directed sources to propagate.
“Self-regulation is not working,” Grygiel said.
Daniel Kreiss, a professor of media and communications at the University of North Carolina, said Facebook failed to live up to its responsibilities on election ads.
“The fact that Facebook seems to make no distinction between selling sneakers and selling a presidential platform is a deep problem,” Kreiss said.
Brian Wieser at Pivotal Research maintained that the revelations highlight “systemic problems at Facebook,” but that they won't immediately impact the social network's revenues.
David Carroll, a media professor at the Parsons School of Design, said Facebook and others will soon be forced to live with new privacy rules such as those set to take effect in the European Union.
“Facebook and Google will have to ask users a lot more permission to track them,” Carroll said.
Most people are going to say no, so I think it's going to have a huge impact on these companies.
Carroll has filed a legal action in Britain calling on Cambridge Analytica to disclose what data was gathered and used on him.
An undercover investigation of Cambridge Analytica by Britain's Channel 4 said executives boasted they could entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes and Ukrainian sex workers, and spread misinformation online.
The executives claimed to have worked in more 200 elections across the world, including Argentina, the Czech Republic, India, Kenya and Nigeria.
The British firm said it “strongly denies” the claims from Channel 4 as well as reports on misuse of Facebook data.
“Facebook data was not used by Cambridge Analytica as part of the services it provided to the Donald Trump presidential campaign,” a statement read.
© – AFP, 2018
 They are India's most celebrated talk show host and a supremely successful director-producer. Karan Johar, the man whose cup of coffee gets everyone's attention, has dealt with a stunning Hichki to come this far in life. In a startling revelation, the filmmaker disclosed that they felt like a 'lesser' person as a child because they had a feminine sounding voice.
Karan revealed, "When I was a child, there were many Hichki moments. The one that I wouldn't have changed today, is that I had a very girlish voice when I was a child. I had a very squeaky voice and I used to get teased a lot."
They add, "Sometimes in my building, or at school by seniors, or when I went to inter school competitions, I would get teased that I am a pansy and that, I sound like a girl.
So when I began college, I went into public speaking. A gentleman, who used to conduct public speaking classes, Mr Nazareth, told me that you are very conscious of your voice.
When I told them that I used to feel awkward about my voice, they said that firstly I should never be ashamed of who I am. And then to improve my voice (it's texture), they worked out a course. So for three years, I would go to them and their wife, thrice a week and they gave me speech training. It helped me speak and project and train my voice to find baritone. But I just feel like today, I would not change how I sounded. I wouldn't do what I did and I wouldn't make my children do the same."
The makers of Rani Mukerji's Hichki are promoting the film uniquely by asking prominent personalities to share their untold weaknesses and how they eventually converted them into massive strengths. Karan explains that with changing times, hiccups imposed by societal and public perception don't matter as much today, and that, they would have lived with their hiccup more comfortably.
They say, "At those times, societal pressures were such that it (my voice) was a big hichki. I felt lesser and I was made to feel abnormal. And I felt like I needed to overcome this to be the person that I wanted to be. But today, times are different and we are all more evolved. I hope that if this kind of hiccup comes in people's lives that they shouldn't change their core persona. But I did."
Check out the video here where Karan speaks to Rani about overcoming their 'Hichki'-
Directed by Siddharth P Malhotra and produced by Maneesh Sharma, Hichki is set to touch the hearts of audiences when it releases on March 23.
Tech innovations can be great for businesses. But they also have some downsides.
For one, technology has the ability to make certain jobs obsolete, making it harder for actual humans to find work in some fields. But while that technology also has the ability to create new jobs in different types of fields, it's not exactly an even trade.
Men Favored When Jobs Eliminated by Technology
In STEM fields in particular, it seems that women are more likely to lose jobs to technology. The World Economic Forum estimates that women will only gain one job for every 20 lost to technology. And men will gain one job for every four lost to technology. This disparity is due in part to the already large gender gap in STEM fields, as well as the types of jobs that women and men are likely to hold within those fields.
Technology can provide a ton of new opportunities to businesses and individuals alike. So halting innovation out of fairness to workers isn't likely to happen. But studies have also shown that gender equality in the workplace is good for the economy. And if the economy is in good shape, it's better for business.
The Police have opened a special 24 hour operations room with a hotline dedicated to gather information on any drug related or organised crimes at the STF headquarters.
The Police yesterday said all information received from the public will be regarded as highly confidential. Also cash rewards will be offered to people who provide credible information.
The public are advised to report any drug related or organised crimes to the STF by dialing 011 2580518, 011 2058552 or 011 2081040.
Also the public can provide information via fax on 011 2081044 or 011 2588499 or through e-mail Ctrcolombo@gmail.com or stfhqopsroom@gmail.com
(Source: Daily News)
There are so many facets when it comes to writing.
By Lisa Brown
Some believe that it is as simple as putting pen to paper, but there is a lot more preparation that goes into it. Before you even get to the writing part of the work, there are many more details that need to be finalised.
When you are a blogger, you have to think about your writing style as well as what your audience wants from you.
In a perfect world, bloggers could write what they want to, but it is not that simple. If your readers are not interested in what you ate last Sunday, then writing about it really is a waste of time.
Finding an annotated bibliography service might be an easier task. Luckily, we live in a digital world, and it is easier for us to find practical tools. Here are some of the most powerful tools you can use as a writer.
1. Trello
This tool is not only effective for your writing tasks but also in terms of managing your life. With Trello, you can do so much, and this it is why it is so popular today.
You are able to manage various projects and break them up into separate sections. Use it to organize all those brilliant ideas you have for a new blog post.
It works in a step by step manner, and you are able to scratch out items on the list as you go along.
2. Scrivener
Combining a project management tool with a writing tool is definitely one a writer would appreciate. This tool was created to assist novelists when working on big complicated tasks.
These days it is used by all types of writers and once understood, does wonders.
You put your ideas on virtual cards and then shuffle those cards to help create an outline for your post. This would make a great bibliography builder for students.
3. WordPerfect
Before we had Microsoft Word, this was the tool used by most writers. Even though MS Word has taken over the scene, there is still something special about WordPerfect.
It offers a cleaner interface and comes with everything Word has to offer. If you are considering writing an eBook, you want to look into this tool. It works perfectly for this purpose and any larger projects that you are working on.
4. Paragraphs
As a writer, you have those days when you just want to write and not think about anything else. Distractions are the vice of any writer because it can take hours to get your creative flow back.
This writing interface offers no distractions for those moments when you only want to write. There is a contextual menu for the moments when you want to start editing.
5. CoSchedule Headline Analyzer
Most bloggers know that a headline can make or break you. Knowing what impact your headline will have is important information.
It even has a function to measure your email subjects as well as social media posts. It's as simple as entering your headline into the box and getting a result. Although this seems like simple text, you will be pleased with the impact it has.
6. Grammarly
If you are looking for a great spelling and grammar checker, you want to go with the one leading the pack. Grammarly has basically taken over since it came onto the scene.
Grammarly picks up more than just common grammar and spelling mistakes. It picks up poor language use and sentences that run on for too long. It is like having your personal editor on hand.
7. BuzzSumo
Ever thought of a topic but weren't sure how it will work once you write the article? This tool is going to tell you exactly how it will perform.
You just enter the topic into the space created, and BuzzSumo will determine how popular your article will be based on the topic provided. An APA annotated bibliography generator has a lot of functions, but this tool can make a blogger's life so much easier.
8. Portent Title Maker
There are those moments when you do not have a title in mind, but you have an idea of what you want to write about. This title generator does not just randomly come up with a title that has no significance.
You can enter your subject matter into the tool, and the title will be generated based on the best results. This takes a lot of thinking out of it for the writer.
9. Egg Timer
As writers, we can often get so consumed in one area of work that we lose track of time. Sometimes we need a little reminder to tell us that it is time to move on.
With this time, you can set it to take however long on one area of focus. Perhaps you need an hour to research and 45 minutes to write.
You can work in a brainstorming or outline section and set a timer for this as well. It is all about staying on track to complete the task on time.
10. Meme Generator
Sometimes you just need a good meme to pull an entire post together.
A meme also allows you to communicate your sense of humor or your intellectual and creative side. Have a little fun with your blog and try out this meme generator.
Lisa Brown works as a content manager.  They are specialized in writing useful articles for writers, students and people who want to improve their writing skills. Them hobby is reading, travelling and blogging. Lisa`s life motto is “Never stop learning because life never stops teaching”.
TAMPA, Fla. — It's a deal that sounds too good to be true: $10 per month gets you near unlimited access to the movies.
The online service, called Moviepass, has surpassed 1.5 million subscribers and is being called the "Netflix for the theaters."
But there's a catch. Actually, there's a few:
You can't buy three or four seats at once to a showing
No 3D or IMAX movies
Will use your personal data to track your purchases
And now, there's a new catch: one of the biggest theaters in the Tampa Bay Area has been blacklisted!
The reason? Moviepass is in tense negotiations with AMC Theatres, which owns hundreds of movie theaters across the country. Moviepass is reportedly asking for a cut of ticket sales from AMC, and to prove their worth to the movie chain, Moviepass pulled their service from AMC's 10 largest theaters across the country, which includes the AMC Veterans 24 in Tampa.
In a sense, it means Moviepass is using Tampa area moviegoers as a bargaining tool.
"Of all the theaters, why does it have to be my theater!" said Michael Reyes of Tampa. "Like, why does it have to be AMC Veterans?"
Reyes says the AMC Veterans 24 in Tampa was their favorite because of its size and selection of movies, and proximity to their home in the Carrollwood area.
They were very disappointed when they got an email this past weekend telling them their favorite spot was suddenly unavailable.
"I just paid 10 dollars and I saw 5 movies! It's crazy" Reyes tells ABC Action News. It was really awesome because then the money we weren't spending on tickets we could spend on concessions."
Reyes says they plan to continue using Moviepass at other local movie theaters until AMC and Moviepass resolve their dispute.
A suspect in a deadly North Las Vegas shooting asked the victim "where are you from" before shooting him, according to an arrest report.
The arrest report for Fernando Corales said on April 29, three people, including the victim, went to a trailer park near Lake Mead Boulevard and Civic Center Drive to hang out with a "new acquaintance." When they arrived at the trailer, Corales went outside and spoke to the victim and asked them where they were from. The victim said "FTC." Corales pulled out a gun and fired at the victim, striking them once in the chest.
The victim was taken to University Medical Center where they were pronounced dead, police said.
A second suspect, Hugo Lopez, said they were inside the trailer when they heard gunfire outside. They said they thought someone had shot at their brothers, so they went outside to check and fired at the victim as they ran away.
[RELATED: Suspects arrested after man killed at party in North Las Vegas]
Corales claimed the victim "reached for something" when they approached them so they shot him. Police said Corales was "unable to describe the proclaimed firearm held by the victim."
Corales was booked for murder with a deadly weapon and Lopez was booked for attempted murder with a deadly weapon.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
In fact, they tend to become all of us any time anything-related is happening, like when they met the cast last year and geeked TF out.
Solo, the Dulquer Salmaan starring anthology film had a dream release in Kerala, by hitting around 225 screens on its release days. Popular film-maker Bejoy Nambiar made their Malayalam directorial debut with Solo, which has been receiving positive to mixed reviews from the audiences and critics.
But sadly, the Tamil version of Solo which is a bilingual movie was pulled off from the theatres after the releasing day due to the theatre strike in Tamil Nadu. However, the Malayalam version of the Dulquer Salmaan movie has made a great opening at the Kerala and GCC box offices, and has already earned the hit tag.
Scroll down to read the day 1 Kerala & GCC collection report of Solo...
WASHINGTON — Former FBI Director James Comey has scorned the memo that was released by House Republicans after being declassified by President Donald Trump, saying it doesn't add up to much.
Their assessment on Twitter was: “That's it?”
Comey called the memo “dishonest and misleading” and not worth the damage it's done to public trust in U.S. intelligence agencies.
After being declassified by Trump, the memo was released Friday by House Republicans. It claims the FBI abused its surveillance powers in the Russia investigation.
The FBI, Justice Department and Democrats furiously lobbied Trump to stop the release, saying it could harm national security and mislead the public.
Since their firing last May, Comey has made their personal feelings about Trump known, testifying in detail about personal interactions they say troubled him.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Abrahaminte Santhathikal In Tamil Nadu
Abrahaminte Santhathikal made a release in the rest of the parts of the country, a week later on June 22, 2018. The film also released in a good number of screens in Tamil Nadu and was all set for a grand run.
The Box Office Collections
Mammootty is a well-known figure in Tamil Nadu and Abrahaminte Santhathikal, with the backing of extremely good reviews, had a grand start. According to a report by Metromatinee, the film has fetched 33.48 Lakhs from 10 days of its run in Tamil Nadu.
Overtakes Sudani From Nigeria & Aadhi
The report also suggests that Abrahaminte Santhathikal has already overtaken the total collections of Sudani From Nigeria and Aadhi, in Tamil Nadu. Reportedly, these films had collected 31.9 Lakhs from the Tamil Nadu Box Office.
At The First Two Spots
The report by Metromatinee also has added that the top grossing Malayalam movies of 2018 in Tamil Nadu at present is the Dileep starrer Kammara Sambhavam, which fetched approximately 48.12 Lakhs in its final run. At the second spot is the Nivin Pauly starrer Hey Jude, which collected 42.52 Lakhs.
Will Abrahaminte Santhathikal Be The Top Grosser?
Going by the above report, Abrahaminte Santhathikal is at the third spot at present. The film is still continuing its run in the theatres across Tamil Nadu and there are high chances for the movie to grab the top spot. Let us wait and see.
If you haven't been reliably receiving notifications for messages in Google Voice, you may not be alone. Some users at Google's Product Forums have been reporting that notifications from Google Voice don't always appear, and often don't show up until the app is opened and refreshed. Thankfully it seems that Google is on the case. If indicators for events like messages or voicemails in Google Voice do not show up in your notifications, perhaps it's worth taking a look at the threads over on Google's forums.
I've actually been experiencing this problem, myself, but until I saw the forum posts, I had attributed the cause to Google Voice not working with Doze as it should. Most reports indicate that calls to Google Voice are still coming through properly, but notifications for voicemails passed to the service and messages received are not appearing on some user's devices. Some also claim that problem is also manifesting on pre-Marshmallow devices so it may not be attributed to Doze.
The Google Voice team has created a questionnaire for those with the problem so that they can better identify a common source of the issue. If you are among those experiencing the problem, consider taking a look at some of the forum posts in the links below to verify your symptoms before answering the questionnaire.
Deal would have combined No. 2 and 3 suppliers of acetate tow
Blackstone Group LP and Celanese Corp. ditched a bid to create a joint venture supplying materials for cigarette filters after European Union regulators demanded "excessive" divestments to allay antitrust concerns.
"Demands by the European Commission eliminated the advantages at the heart of the transaction," Celanese Chief Executive Officer Mark Rohr said in a statement. “We worked hard and offered serious remedies to the European Commission and believed we had solved all competition issues."
Celanese's decision to withdraw from the EU's merger review avoids a formal veto of the deal. The EU's powerful antitrust arm is a tough hurdle for large deals, with two transactions vetoed last year and nine others withdrawn. Companies often offer hefty concessions to win approval. DuPont Co. sacrificed large parts of its pesticide business to win clearance to merge with Dow Chemical Co. last year.
The EU's press office didn't immediately respond to a request for comment, made outside regular business hours.
The Blackstone-Celanese deal would have combined the world's second- and third-largest manufacturers, excluding China, of acetate tow, a derivative of wood pulp used in making cigarette filters and other products. The EU flagged concerns last year that the transaction would leave the new entity's two only other major competitors -- Eastman Chemical Co. and Daicel Corp. -- unable to exert sufficient competitive pressure.
The companies agreed in June to form a joint venture to combine Celanese's Cellulose Derivatives and Blackstone's Rhodia Acetow units. Financial terms weren't disclosed. The deal is an effort to counter declining cigarette sales, particularly in China. Blackstone previously agreed to buy Solvay SA's Acetow subsidiary for about 1 billion euros ($1.2 billion).
Authorities are investigating a suspicious car fire in Shelltown.
San Diego Fire Department (SDFD) and San Diego Police Department (SDPD) are looking at surveillance cameras that pointed in the direction of the burning car, located on the 4600 block of Delta Street. The early morning fire broke out around 5:15 a.m.
Police said the flaming car was involved in a carjacking earlier that morning.
Two other cars received exposure damage.
No injuries were reported.
There is no word on arrests at this time, according to SDPD.
Following violent clashes at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the weekend, white nationalist Richard Spencer tried to hold a private press conference in Washington, DC, on Monday. But two different hotels in DC canceled on them before the events were scheduled to start.
In the end, Spencer, a leader of the alt-right movement, had to hold the press conference in an apartment they call an office and part-time residence across the river in Alexandria, Virginia.
Spencer, who was in Charlottesville and participated in the rally, has denied that they were one of the organizers of the events there this weekend. They are, however, prominently displayed on flyers advertising the rally.
Spencer declined to join organizers at a press conference in Charlottesville this weekend, but said they would hold one in DC on Monday. They initially planned to hold a press conference at 3 p.m. at the Sofitel Hotel in downtown DC, just a few blocks from the White House. The location was kept secret and only shared with those who submitted a request to attend. "For everyone's safety, please do not share this information with any you do not trust," read the email Spencer sent to approved attendees.
But less than two hours before the event was scheduled to begin, Spencer announced that the location had been leaked and that the Sofitel had canceled the event. "Please stand by for an alternate plan," they wrote.
The next plan was to hold the press conference an hour later at the nearby Willard Hotel, a part of the InterContinental chain. But that, too, was leaked online, and the hotel received a barrage of tweets questioning its decision to host Spencer and their cause. A hotel receptionist, reached by BuzzFeed News shortly after, confirmed that the event had been canceled.
Representatives for the hotels did not respond to requests for comment about whether they had canceled the events due to Spencer's white nationalist views.
Investors may have cooled on Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. as its profit margins narrow, but one of its early backers says the e-commerce giant is far from its peak.
John Ho, founder and chief investment officer of Janchor Partners Ltd., a $4 billion fund whose 2012 stake in Alibaba has grown several times in value, said the Hangzhou-based behemoth will likely become a trillion dollar company in less than a decade.
While the company is already valued at $450 billion, it's only just starting to tap the potential of using its treasure trove of consumer and user data to transform the $5 trillion bricks-and-mortar retail industry in China, they said.
“The bedrock is that they touch many consumers and know a lot about them,” said Ho in an interview. Alibaba has access to user data collected across its platforms that span shopping, food delivery, bike rentals and videos -- all linked by its mobile payments provider Alipay. “They're not at their peak. With this foundation, the potential to transform many consumer services is huge.”
What a Drag! Investors have cooled on Alibaba as its investments chip away at operating margins Source: Bloomberg
Alibaba has made a slew of investments in physical retail chains, from a $2.9 billion stake in China's top supermarket operator Sun Art Retail Group Ltd., to a $2.6 billion takeover of department store chain Intime Retail Group Co. These outlays have squeezed profit margins and worried investors. After it reported in February that its operating margin narrowed to 31 percent in the last quarter of 2017 from 39 percent a year earlier, shares fell the most in 18 months, cutting its market valuation by about $30 billion.
Alibaba management said at the time the investments would go from being margin drags to providing new sources of revenue. Janchor is a believer, so are analysts following Alibaba. According to data compiled by Bloomberg, Alibaba still boasts 48 buy ratings, 1 hold and no sells.
Hong Kong-based Janchor, which participated in Alibaba's 2012 convertible preferred share sale, has co-authored a new report with consultancy Oliver Wyman that explores how the e-commerce giant and its arch-rival, Tencent Holdings Ltd., are carving up the grocery shopping landscape. They're doing this through partnerships with existing retail giants like Walmart Inc. and Yonghui Superstores Co., but also with their own new hybrid creations.
Alibaba's Hema chain of supermarkets offers check-out through facial recognition, and customers can opt for their items to be sent to their homes via delivery as they leave stores empty-handed. After three years of operations, the average Hema store has only marginal losses despite high set-up costs, according to the report, written by analysts led by Wai-Chan Chan, Oliver Wyman's global consumer goods practice leader. “With further maturity and greater scale, they should soon be able to break even,” they said.
Alibaba's Hema Experiment The chain of offline-to-online supermarkets is close to breaking even after 3 years Source: Oliver Wyman analysis of a mature standard Hema store at 4,000 sq meters
“Early signs indicate that such offline-to-online stores will go beyond an interesting experiment and significantly change the retail landscape,” the analysts said in the report. “Hema stores are already attracting younger, wealthier, tech-savvy shoppers, a coveted group.”
Key to its success is that Alibaba knows so much about every shopper through the data the company collects across its various platforms that it can predict and personalize what consumers want to buy -- fueling more consumption, said Oliver Wyman's Chan. For example, a consumer may be watching Korean dramas on Alibaba's video platform Youku Tudou but not be purchasing Korean cosmetics on its shopping portals. Knowing this consumer's interest in Korean culture, Alibaba can nudge them or them toward these products through targeted marketing and vouchers.
Alibaba and Tencent will help their bricks-and-mortar partners drive additional revenue through better apps, inventory integration and delivery support. In return, these retail chains -- which still sell 90 percent of all groceries in China currently -- can provide them with a further bonanza of data on customers that come through stores, further adding to the Internet giants' understanding of consumers.
“These two companies have so much information about a consumer that they can divert online traffic, eyeballs, or even physical traffic to stores,” Chan said.
— With assistance by Rachel Chang, and Matt Turner
Singer Pink has slammed music producer Dr. Luke, insisting he's a bad person who has “earned” their terrible reputation.
Dr. Luke has been embroiled in a long legal battle with pop star Kesha after they filed lawsuits against them for sexual and verbal abuse in 2014, and as a result of the litigation, they have since been dropped as CEO of their Kemosabe Records label.
Pink last collaborated with the producer in 2006 on their song I'm Not Dead and they had such a bad time creating the track, they refuse to work with them ever again.
Speaking of Kesha's allegations of abuse against Dr. Luke, Pink tells The New York Times, “I don't know what happened. But I know that regardless of whether or not Dr. Luke did that, this is their karma and they earned it because he's not a good person.”
“I have told them that to their face and I do not work with him,” they add. “He doesn't do good business, he's not a kind person, they don't do the right thing when given ample opportunities to do so, and I don't really feel that bad for him.”
Pink and Kesha aren't the only Hollywood stars who have experienced nightmare moments with Dr. Luke - singer Kelly Clarkson has also dissed the music producer in the past.
“He's just not a good person to me,” Clarkson told The Kyle and Jackie O Show last year. “We've clashed... Obviously, he's a talented dude, but... I've run into a couple really bad situations, like, musically... And he's kind of difficult to work with, kind of demeaning.”
The Since U Been Gone hitmaker also recently revealed they despise the producer so much, they opted out of millions of dollars in royalties by denying a songwriting credit on 2009 number one hit My Life Would Suck Without You, just so their name wouldn't appear alongside co-writer Dr. Luke's.
Aims Community College has extended the contract of its president, Dr. Leah L. Bornstein, for two years, the college announced in a news release. The extension will keep Bornstein at Aims through June 30, 2020.
"I am honored and thrilled to continue to serve such an outstanding institution and community," said Bornstein, who has been at Aims since Aug. 1 2015, in the release. "I look forward to many more years together."
Bornstein is the sixth president in the college's 50-year history. They hold degrees from Bradford College and the University of Vermont and a doctorate from the University of Denver.
"Dr. Bornstein is the best president for a community college in the world," said Ray Peterson, the treasurer of Aims' board of trustees, in the release. "I'm glad she's here, and I really mean that."
Raiders sign backup QB Josh Johnson
hello
ALAMEDA, Calif. -- The Oakland Raiders have signed free agent quarterback Josh Johnson to compete for the backup position.
The team also officially announced the signing of cornerback Shareece Wright on Monday. Wright said last week they had agreed to join the Raiders.
Wright spent last season in Buffalo, where they had one interception and five passes defensed in 12 games.
Johnson is an Oakland native and was drafted by Tampa Bay in Raiders coach Jon Gruden's last season there in 2008. Johnson has spent time with 10 teams and started five games. They have completed 96 of 177 passes for 1,042 yards, five touchdowns and 10 interceptions and a 57.7 passer rating.
Johnson hasn't thrown a pass in the NFL since 2011 and will compete with Connor Cook to become Derek Carr's backup.
___
More AP NFL: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Bigg Boss 11: Priyank Sharma GF Divya Agarwal said YES to ENTER the HOUSE on this COST | FilmiBeat
During luxury budget task, the family members of the Bigg Boss 11 contestants visited the house. It was emotional moment for each contestant and their families as they met each other after a long time.
It was surprising for Priyank Sharma, as their ex-girlfriend, Divya Agarwal (instead of their family) visited the house. Read on to know as to why the makers chose Divya?
Divya Had Announced Them Break-up With Priyank As we had already revealed Divya Agarwal was upset that Priyank Sharma never mentioned them as their girlfriend and revealed about their exes to their housemates. Also, they were angry with Priyank's closeness with their inmate, Benafsha Soonawala. Divya Enters Bigg Boss 11 House After seeing Priyank's changing behaviour, Divya announced their break-up. The makers took advantage of this and decided to get Divya to the house during the luxury budget task. Bigg Boss 11 Makers Paid Divya, A Huge Amount! Initially, Divya was hesitant, but it was said that they couldn't say no to the makers. According to the latest report, Divya agreed to enter the house as they were given a whopping amount. Was Divya Paid A Whooping Amount To Create Drama? According to Indiatimes report, "Divya Agarwal was paid thrice the amount that is to be given to the contestants inside the house to create all that drama. Rumour has it that they denied coming inside the house, but when they were offered a huge sum of money, they agreed." Priyank & Divya Had Already Parted Ways! It has to be recalled that during the task, Divya announced their break-up in the house and Priyank was seen shattered. They were shocked and told Hina that they had already parted ways! Divya To Enter The House As Wild Card Entry! Now, there are also reports that Divya will be entering the show as a wild card entry! Well, it has to be seen as to how Priyank will react to their ex-girlfriend, Divya Agarwal's entry! Stay locked to this space for the latest updates of the show...
Bigg Boss 11: Nomination Task! Arshi Khan Takes REVENGE! Here's This Week's Nominations!
Jhanvi Kapoor & Ishaan Khattar On India's Best Dramebaaz
On India's Best Dramebaaz, Jhanvi looked pretty in light pink-white colour top and skirt, while their Dhadak co-star, Ishaan also complimented them in a (dark) pink shirt and black pant.
Vivek Shares A Picture
Sharing a picture, Vivek Oberoi wrote, "Beautiful chemistry with that adorable innocence! You guys look great together! @ishaan95 you're spontaneity is awesome....instantly lovable! Killer abs pretty impressive too! Lol! @janhvikapoor you're absolutely lovely...with that million dollar smile! God bless you both with great success for #Dhadak! #indiasbestdramebaaz #dramebaazdiaries @zeetv @omungkumar @iamhumaq." - (sic)
Huma Qureshi
Huma Qureshi too, shared the same picture and wrote, "Look who dropped in on our set today ... The #Dhadak Duo @janhvikapoor @ishaan95 ❤❤❤ #IBD Season 3 just got cuter !!! @omungkumar @vivekoberoi." - (sic)
Omung Kumar With Jhanvi Kapoor
Omung Kumar shared a picture snapped with Jhanvi and wrote, "All the best @janhvikapoor on your debut film #dhadak we know you will shine in the film:) had a great time with you on our show #indiasbestdramebaaz @zeetv." - (sic)
Vivek Shares An Adorable Picture Of Jhanvi
Vivek also shared an adorable picture of Jhanvi holding a puppy, and wrote, "True love! Hahaha! @janhvikapoor it was such a treat to have you on our show, from that little kid when I first saw you to now....what a wonderful young lady you've become! God bless you with great success! All the best for #dhadak! Hope that puppy makes u smile always! #indiasbestdramebaaz." - (sic)
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Trump, Putin, Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By Abby Hassler
Bruno Mars shocked their sold-out Auburn Hills, MI audience on Saturday (August 12) when they announced they will donate $1 million from the show's proceeds to provide aid to Flint water crisis victims.
Related: Bruno Mars Releases ‘Versace on the Floor' Video Starring Zendaya
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
The funds will benefit The Community Foundation of Greater Flint nonprofit.
US Treasury calls for stronger regulation of clearing houses
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
St. Clair Software has released Default Folder X 5.2.3, bringing long-requested support for the Forklift Finder alternative and file transfer app. The Open/Save dialog enhancement utility rejiggers the underlying mechanism for switching from one folder to another in Open and Save dialogs, making the process faster and more reliable while also helping to eliminate compatibility issues with Magnet and BetterTouchTool.
The update also now shows all recent documents in applications that don't have a native document type (such as Trello), fixes user interface glitches in the Folders tab of the Preferences window, enables you to set a keyboard shortcut to take you to the folder containing the current application (go to Preferences > Shortcuts), and resolves an issue that could prevent the Save button from working in Save As dialogs.
Shortly after the 5.2.3 release, St. Clair Software pushed out 5.2.4 to fix a bug that rendered the Favorites and Recent Folders menus inoperable. ($34.95 new, TidBITS members save $10 on new copies and $5 on upgrades, 7.7 MB, release notes, 10.10+)
Our list in security studies has been growing lately, with a particular emphasis on the study of government surveillance. Take a look at some of our newest scholarship in this essential field:
Mass surveillance has turned into one of the twenty-first century's darkest, if most predictable, realities. The networks we depend on now seem far larger, more totalizing, and less private than previously imagined. “Spectatorship in an Age of Surveillance,” a special issue of Theater, explores the ways in surveillance—from governments' mass spying to all-seeing networks—and the fields of theater and performance inform each other: What forms of surveillance have found their way into our lives online and off? How might theater and performance help us to see them?
Much of the issue takes Live Arts Bard's 2017 performance biennial We're Watching as a point of departure while other contents venture into poetry, visual art, and cinema. Among the performances featured in the issue, choreographer Will Rawls and poet Claudia Rankine contemplated blackness and (in)visibility in What Remains; Big Art Group staged the interplay of intimacy and impenetrability in Opacity using computer code and probability; and Alexandro Segade's queer dystopic drama Future Street proposed a Blade Runner for the post-Snowden era. The issue gathers scripts and photographs from these productions alongside essays, interviews, and reviews that help us to understand surveillance, not only as an anonymous system of digital control but more incisively, as a human behavior enacted by the individual self. Read the introduction, made freely available.
As Katherine Verdery observes, “There's nothing like reading your secret police file to make you wonder who you really are.” In 1973 Verdery, an anthropologist, began their doctoral fieldwork in communist Romania. They returned several times over the next twenty-five years, during which time the secret police compiled a 2,781-page surveillance file on them Part memoir, part detective story, part anthropological analysis, My Life as a Spy offers a personal account of how government surveillance worked during the Cold War and how Verdery experienced living under it.
From the first vistas provided by flight in balloons in the eighteenth century to the most recent sensing operations performed by military drones, the history of aerial imagery has marked the transformation of how people perceived their world, better understood their past, and imagined their future. In Aerial Aftermaths Caren Kaplan traces this cultural history, showing how aerial views operate as a form of world-making tied to the times and places of war.
Life in the Age of Drone Warfare , a collection edited by Lisa Parks and Caren Kaplan, offers a new critical language through which to explore and assess the historical, juridical, geopolitical, and cultural dimensions of drone technology and warfare. Contributors show how drones generate particular ways of visualizing the spaces and targets of war while acting as tools to exercise state power.
Ten years on, Jasbir K. Puar's pathbreaking Terrorist Assemblages remains one of the most influential queer theory texts and continues to reverberate across multiple political landscapes, activist projects, and scholarly pursuits. Puar argues that configurations of sexuality, race, gender, nation, class, and ethnicity are realigning in relation to contemporary forces of securitization, counterterrorism, and nationalism. The Tenth Anniversary Expanded Edition features a new foreword by Tavia Nyong'o and a postscript by Puar entitled “Homonationalism in Trump Times.”
In Saving the Security State Inderpal Grewal traces the changing relations between the US state and its citizens in an era they call advanced neoliberalism. Marked by the decline of US geopolitical power, endless war, and increasing surveillance, advanced neoliberalism militarizes everyday life while producing “exceptional citizens”—primarily white Christian men who reinforce the security state as they claim responsibility for protecting the country from racialized others.
During the Second World War, an FBI program called the Special Intelligence Service (SIS) assigned 700 agents to combat Nazi influence internationally. The mission, however, extended beyond countries with significant German populations or Nazi spy rings. In The FBI in Latin America, Marc Becker interrogates a trove of FBI documents from its Ecuador mission to uncover the history and purpose of the SIS's intervention in Latin America and for the light they shed on leftist organizing efforts in Latin America.
By CYN LoPINTO
Editor-in-chief, gerontologist
To those who do not have a partner to share Valentine's Day with, the approaching holiday may be looked upon with dread.
The media overwhelms us with images of young couples in romantic surroundings spending lots of money on one another. In terms of sending cards through the mail, Valentine's Day comes in second, surpassed only by Christmas. Let's face it, Valentine's Day has become quite a commercial holiday.
The true meaning, however, is to celebrate love – all types of love. You don't have to be in a romantic relationship to experience this celebration. This day can be the perfect opportunity for self-nurturing and looking inward. Here are a few simple ideas to help you care for that special someone … you.
Pamper yourself
Whether it is a long hot soak in the tub or just some extra time in front of the mirror, treat yourself right. When you look better, you feel better!
Call a friend
Invite someone over that may be in the same boat. Plan a day of fun
Fill you heart with memories…
… of people you love, both past and present. How have these experiences made you a better person?
Play some good music
There's nothing like your favorite tunes to lift your spirits.
Get your blood moving
Do something physical by getting out and working those muscles.
Make a list of all for which you're grateful
When you see it in writing, you realize how much you do have to be thankful for.
Get in touch with your spiritual side
Reflect on what you define as your “higher purpose.”
Shelter for homeless veterans opening in Terre Haute
hello
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. -- Reach Veteran Services of Terre Haute is opening a first-of-its-kind homeless shelter for veterans that aims to address root causes of chronic homelessness.
The Stevean Blade Memorial Shelter will open Sept. 1 at 621 Poplar St. and will be able to house either two homeless veterans in need of intense counseling or a veteran and his/her family in need of the same services.
Martina Butler-Hull, a veteran services coordinator with Reach, said the veterans they bring in will get everyday, hands-on attention that will hopefully instill confidence and pride.
"Whatever your issue is, whether you have PTSD (post-traumatic stress disorder), or whether you have some drug and alcohol abuse issues, or if you've been on the street so long you've forgot how to live in a stable housing environment, we're going to teach you that," Butler-Hull said.
"If we have to take you back to basics and teach you how to boil water, we're here for that. If you need help with some resume writing or need clothes for an interview, or whatever it is the veteran needs when they get here, we're going to do some assessments and give them that before they leave here."
The shelter currently consists of a single apartment that can house a pair of veterans in separate rooms. The two will share a common kitchen, living room and bathroom.
Butler-Hull said the goal of the shelter is to address the issues causing the resident veterans to be homeless and help them become self-sufficient once again.
"We want to do sort of a catch and release and put them through a six-month program that address whatever issues that veteran has to cause them to be homeless," Butler-Hull said.
"Whether that's a lack of education, not having finished their GED or high school equivalency, we have partnered with the library to offer that education to improve their employability."
Butler-Hull said the shelter is named after Stevean Blade, a Terre Haute veteran who sought help from veteran services some years ago and heeded the advice of their counselors, eventually rediscovering the pride and confidence they once exuded as a member of the armed forces.
"Stevean was our first real graduate to go from one of our shelters to the duplexes on 14th and Hulman," Butler Hull said.
Before seeking help, Blade was staying with their uncle who was eventually placed in a nursing facility. With nowhere to turn, Blade found help with local veteran services.
Butler-Hull remembers Blade spent around three months in a shelter before spending about a year in the Reach duplexes.
"He then rekindled a romance and moved down to Florida, and went to bed one night and didn't wake up," Butler-Hull said. "He was always such an inspiration to me because they were the first person to come and graduate and be self-sufficient and was just happy.
"I reached out to their son and they gave us permission to call it the Stevean Blade Memorial Shelter. We're very excited to open it up and am I hoping we have the same kind of success with every veteran that we had with Stevean."
Butler-Hull, a Marine Corps veteran, said there has been great need for a veteran-centric shelter in Terre Haute for some time. Public support since Reach's announcement went live over Facebook Wednesday afternoon has been overwhelming.
"We just went live (Wednesday night) and the community has really just come out and we have more likes, shares and comments on this post than we've ever had," Butler-Hull said. "There is a lot of community backing and a lot of people in the community who realize we need something like this."
And while the shelter is comprised of just one apartment right now, Butler-Hull said that with positive results and the community's help, they are ready and willing to expand when the time comes.
"As the services and the funding comes in, we would love to expand the shelter down the road," Butler-Hull said. "If we can pilot this program and find somewhere where our offices and the shelter can move to together and grow, then that would obviously be an option."
___
Source: (Terre Haute) Tribune-Star
___
Information from: Tribune-Star, http://www.tribstar.com
California Statewide Fire Summary
December 8th, 2017 by admin
Friday, December 8, 2017
As nearly 8,700 firefighters made progress the large fires in southern California, two new fires erupted and spread rapidly, pushed by fierce Santa Ana winds. In total, the six fires have burned more than 141,000 acres and driven more than 212,000 residents to from their homes.
Winds and low humidity continue today in southern California, although not expected to be as severe as yesterday. Sustained winds speeds will remain around 15 to 20mph, with gusts up to 40mph in some areas. Temperatures are expected to rise today, with highs reaching into the mid 80's in many spots. Another round of strong, offshore winds will return to the area Saturday night into Sunday. Northern California remains dry, with above average daytime temperatures and colder nights.
You've taken steps to keep your family and home fire safe. Don't forget your pets and livestock. With some advance planning, you can increase their chances of surviving a wildland fire. For more information, click here.
Fires of Interest:
Lilac Fire, San Diego County (more info…)
Bonsall
• 4,100 acres, 0% contained
• Evacuations and road closures in effect
• CAL FIRE Incident Management Team 1 (Gouvea) assigned
Thomas Fire, Ventura County (more info…)
Santa Paula
• 132,000 acres, 10% contained
• Evacuations and road closures in effect
• 15,000 homes threatened, over 88,000 residents evacuated
• CAL FIRE Incident Management Team 4 (Derum) assigned
Creek Fire, Los Angeles County (more info…)
Kagel Canyon
• 15,323 acres, 40% contained
• Evacuations and road closures in effect
• CAL FIRE Incident Management Team 5 (Bravo) assigned
Rye Fire, Los Angeles County (more info…)
Santa Clarita
• 6,049 acres, 35% contained
• Evacuations and road closures in effect
• 5,460 homes threatened, 2,000 residents evacuated
• CAL FIRE Incident Management Team 6 (Estes) assigned
Liberty Fire, Riverside County (more info…)
Murrieta
• 300 acres, 59% contained
Skirball Fire, Los Angeles County (more info…)
North of Brentwood
• 475 acres, 30% contained
• Evacuations and road closures in effect
The grand finale of the Three Ten Club's 2016-17 club year was highlighted by the installation of officers for the ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news from Acadia Parish, LA. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today!
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Mercer University is using this week to spread awareness for sexual assault.
The National Sexual Violence Resource Ccenter says one in five women, and one in sixteen men are sexually assaulted while in college. Mercer's Sexual Assault Hazing and Alcohol Prevention Education group, known as “Shape” worked on The Clothesline Project today. Students decorated t-shirts with awareness messages which will be displayed throughout campus.
Shape member, Avery Lewis, said they do it “to let people know that they're not alone. That there's always someone they can talk to and turn to if they need to.”
Shape's hosting other events throughout the week. On Friday, they'll walk to Washington Park to join the Macon community in support of sexual assault survivors. You can check out the list of full events on their Facebook page.
Kazuo 'Kaz' Hirai has announced they are stepping down from their role as president and chief executive officer at Sony, with former chief financial officer Kenichiro Yoshida named as their successor.
Having joined CBS/Sony Incorporated's marketing department in 1984 and surviving the transition to Sony Music Entertainment Japan, Kaz Hirai moved from the music business to the video game industry with a shift to Sony Computer Entertainment America in 1995. There, Hirai would oversee the staggering success of Sony's PlayStation brand of games consoles, and just two weeks after the launch of the PlayStation 3 Hirai took over the role of Sony Computer Entertainment's overall chief operating officer then in 2007 its president and group chief executive. The merger of Sony's electronics and gaming business in 2009 saw Hirai move to the role of corporate executive officer of the enlarged Sony Corporation, and by 2012 was serving as president and chief executive.
'Ever since my appointment as president and CEO in April 2012, I have stated that my mission is to ensure Sony continues to be a company that provides customers with 'kando' - to move them emotionally - and inspires and fulfills their curiosity,' says Hirai of their tenure at the company. 'To this end, I have dedicated myself to transforming the company and enhancing its profitability, and am very proud that now, in the third and final year of our current mid-range corporate plan, we are expecting to exceed our financial targets. And it excites me to hear more and more people enthuse that Sony is back again. As the company approaches a crucial juncture, when we will embark on a new mid-range plan, I consider this to be the ideal time to pass the baton of leadership to new management, for the future of Sony and also for myself to embark on a new chapter in my life. My successor, Kenichiro Yoshida, has supported me closely since returning to Sony in December 2013, contributing extensively beyond their remit as CFO and acting as valuable confidant and business partner, as we took on the challenge of transforming Sony together.'
'I am very grateful to Kazuo Hirai and the Sony Board for their trust and confidence in appointing me as Sony president and CEO, and at the same time feel a great sense of responsibility in taking on this vitally important role,' adds Kenichiro Yoshida, who moves from their former role as chief financial officer to fill Hirai's shoes. 'Together with the outstanding talent we have across the Sony Group, I will aim to build on the business foundations established by Mr. Hirai, and execute further reform measures that enhance our competitiveness as a global enterprise, and enable us to realize long-term profit growth. My first priority will be to finalize our next mid-range corporate plan starting in April, together with our immediate business plan for the fiscal year 2018, and then move ahead swiftly with implementation. This is a hugely exciting time at Sony as we look to our future, and together with my management team I intend to determine the best path for us to move forward, and devote my full effort to creating a better Sony that captures the imagination of our many stakeholders around the world.'
Hirai has confirmed they will retain their directorship and take on the role of chair as of April 2018, while Yoshida's first act as chief executive and president will be to implement a 'new management structure' at the same time.
One of the most renowned and talented singers from Karnataka, a proud Kannadiga, Raghu Dixit is disappointed on a few people in Sandalwood.
The multi-faceted artist who rose to fame with their Kannada songs and their band, The Raghu Dixit Project, is now a successful music director in Sandalwood.
They were one of the people who was responsible for highlighting Karnataka and Kannada's importance. They have shown the world the importance of Kannada janapada songs.
This gem of a person is now extremely sad and disappointed on a few people in Sandalwood. They have been blamed for staying in foreign countries for too long. This baseless blame has made them lose some of the best offers of directing music in KFI, which had upset the artist.
Raghu Dixit expressed their disappointment on the Super Talk Time show, which airs on Colors Super channel, and addressed those people who falsely blamed them and spoke a few words which everyone ought to know.
Read more..
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
The most poignant aspect of Jeff Chang's collection of essays, “We Gon' Be Alright” (Picador, $16, 168 pages) is it's relevancy.
“You never want to have good timing when you're writing a book that's pessimistic about racial justice; about how race is a source of division rather than of joy, happiness and belonging,” says Chang, during an interview in their South Berkeley home.
Growing up in Hawaii in a large, extended family of Chinese and native Hawaiian descent, Chang says intermarriages meant that “every race ended up in my family somehow.” Their slender volume of fact-filled, unsparing, provocative essays on diversity, racism, resegregation, Asian-American identity and other social and cultural divisions is in no small part a continuation of their search for community. Chang believes there's a place where diversity and equity coexist; where ethnicity, race and culture aren't a burden. “I grew up on the water. You learn how to flow with the currents,” they say. “There's an openness to different cultures.”
Chang's two previous award-winning books addressed the history of the hip-hop generation and the cultural patterns of race in post-civil rights America.  They are a USA Ford Fellow in literature and the executive director of the Institute for Diversity in the Arts at Stanford University. Their articles and essays have appeared in Slate, The New York Times, Mother Jones, Salon and more.
Approximately 35 years ago, Chang was a teenager, hanging out in an air-conditioned public library after a day on the beach. They read comic books and borrowed records to feed their pop music habit, which gravitated to reggae. “It reminded me of the weird words and sentence structures of the pidgin (English) we spoke; the beat itself was closer to the local music I heard.” The lyrics brought Chang's attention to colonialism and racism. “Pop music was an opening to everything. Then hip-hop comes along and captures these things. It was pure and came from my peers.”
Moving to mainland America to attend UC Berkeley during the 1980s, Chang focused on an academic path that led to thoughts of a political career. They served as a California State Assembly fellow and lobbyist for California State University students in Sacramento before abandoning politics to run a hip-hop record label and work as a freelance journalist. Fired in 2001 from their job at a hip-hop startup when it was bought out by Black Entertainment Television, Chang turned to a just-signed contract for a book about hip-hop..
“You take your whole life to write your first book,” they say.
In actuality, their debut book, “Can't Stop Won't Stop: A History of the Hip-Hop Generation,” was published four years after they began writing it in earnest. They began pitching their second book, “Who We Be,” in 2005, sold it in 2008 and saw it published in 2014.
“We Gon'” was a comparative whirlwind. The book began as an essay written after a visit to Ferguson, Missouri, that chronicled the events of August 2015. “I thought it was going to be an intro to the paperback ‘Who We Be,' but the publisher said, ‘Nope, it's a new book, if you want to do it.'”
It was December 2015. They wanted it in March 2016. “I wrote it in three months. There was so much to write about, it just poured out of me.”
An inveterate researcher — “I'm prone to bouts of research ecstasy,” they admit — Chang says a book isn't “alright” until the fourth draft. They sought reduction that would make America's past and present history of racial strife plain and personal, an effort especially apparent in the essay, “The In-Betweens.” In it, they write of the instability they felt upon coming to Berkeley and being, for the first time in their life, a minority and subject to racist taunts and binary thinking that teaches people to assume, “there is no in-between.”
The reason they write about racial discord, they say, is simple. “I don't want my kids to be having their kids and telling the same story.”
The story that Chang asserts is ongoing throughout history occurs in cycles. In the 20th century, unease about race peaked in 1965, with the assassination of Malcolm X and the Watts riots. In 1992, the Los Angeles riots gripped the nation. In 2015, they visited Appalachia prior to their trip to Ferguson and witnessed in both locations the “bad loop” of institutional and intentional inequality. The media illustrated the communities as polar opposites, according to Chang, but they saw mostly a shared “cry out to try to close the gaps of inequality that have opened up dramatically.”
Which leads them to thoughts of the 2016 presidential campaign. “The election results have us feeling less optimistic about the ability to repair the situation, ” they say. “Not just with friends and colleagues, but a lot of people with whom I don't agree on the political spectrum recognize a coarseness they didn't expect. But empathy isn't enough.”
Reaching for hope, they say harmony will come from engagement and the frank conversations their book is meant to prompt. Writing about grim moments in history, Chang searches for what they call the “lightness and brightness” that belong to no race, ethnicity, or culture but represent diverse, equitable community.
Author Jeff Chang's “We Gon' Be Alright” will be the featured book at the new Community Reading Group formed by Green Apple Books to facilitate discussions about the recent election results. It meets at 7:30 p.m. Jan. 13 at Green Apple Books on the Park, 1231 9th Ave. in San Francisco.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Toshiba shares plummet on new fears over future of business
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Report for week ending September 29 , 2017.
UNITED ST ATES HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Aviation Funding, Hurricane Tax Relief, Flood Insurance: Voting 264 for and 155 against, the House on Sept. 28 passed a catchall bill (HR 3823) that would fund federal aviation programs through March 2018, make temporary changes in the tax code to benefit victims of recent hurricanes and extend several specialized medical programs. The bill also would expand the private sector's role in the taxpayer-subsidized National Flood Insurance Program, a residential market private firms historically have shunned as too risky.
The tax changes would enable storm victims to use retirement savings for home repairs without having to pay early-withdrawal penalties; provide employers with payroll tax credits to spur hiring in devastated areas; lift caps on charitable deductions to recovery organizations; increase deductions for property repairs and loosen the rules for child tax credits and the Earned Income Tax Credit for hurricane victims.
Jeb Hensarling, R-Texas, said: “In the small part of the national market where we have competition, particularly in Pennsylvania and in Florida, people are saving hundreds of dollars, if not thousands of dollars, in many cases on their flood-insurance premiums.”
Garret Graves, R-La., said “once we authorize (private insurance companies) to step into these markets, they are going to be able to cherry-pick low- and moderate-risk policies, leaving the National Flood Insurance Program with only high-risk policies” and “the burden of a $24.6 billion debt.”
A yes vote was to send the bill to the Senate.
Disaster Aid for Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands: Voting 188 for and 227 against, the House on Sept. 28 defeated a motion by Democrats to add unspecified disaster aid for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands to HR 3823 (above). That would be in addition to the bill's temporary tax breaks to help those American territories recover from recent hurricanes. Although President Trump has not sent Congress a request for Hurricane Maria disaster aid, the Federal Emergency Management Agency says it is using funds already in the pipeline to help Puerto Rico recover from the Category 4 storm that devastated the island on Sept. 20.
Sponsor Jerrod Nadler, D-N.Y., said their measure “would do more for the people of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands” than the bill's hurricane-related tax breaks. “Unlike the underlying bill, this motion will give them funds to help them rebuild. The dollars are directed for rebuilding and other economic support.”
Carlos Curbelo, R-Fla., called the underlying bill “an important first step that we have to take to help people in all of these jurisdictions, especially the people of Puerto Rico, because we know that the situation there is in no way comparable to anything that has happened on the mainland.”
A yes vote was to expand the bill to include disaster aid for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Renewal of Home-Visitation Program: Voting 214 for and 209 against, the House on Sept. 26 passed a GOP-written bill (HR 2824) that would extend the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting program through fiscal 2022 on a budget of $400 million per year. The bill drew criticism over a new requirement that jurisdictions including Indian tribes provide matching funds if they wish to participate. Under the program, social workers, nurses and educators regularly visit the households of young parents in at-risk communities, helping them to promote the healthy development of their children in a settled home environment, with an emphasis on laying the groundwork for success in school.
Adrian Smith, R-Neb., said the program “promotes school readiness of young children, increases economic self-sufficiency of families, improves prenatal health and birth outcomes and prevents childhood abuse and neglect.”
Sander Levin, D-Mich., said the bill “would cut off funding to states and tribal organizations that are unable to match federal spending on home visiting,” which “could cause states to scale back or even end their programs altogether.”
A yes vote was to send the bill to the Senate.
Denial Of Supplemental Security Income: Voting 244 for and 171 against, the House on Sept. 28 passed a bill (HR 2792) that would require the Social Security Administration to withhold Supplemental Security Income (SSI) payments from persons subject to an active arrest warrant for alleged felonies or parole or probation violations. That would go beyond an existing policy that withholds payments to SSI recipients who are actively fleeing law enforcement. Savings resulting from the change would be used to offset some of the cost of the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting program (HR 2824, above). SSI provides income support to tens of millions of impoverished Americans who are blind or severely disabled or at least 65 years of age with total assets other than homes of less than $2,000.
Kristi Noem, R-S.D., said: “Individuals who evade justice violate the social contract that grants them this safety net….The decision to grant a warrant is made by a judge in a court of law, not by the Social Security Administration. It should not be the duty of the American taxpayer to subsidize individuals who are wanted by the police.”
Danny Davis, D-Ill., said “this a harsh, unfair bill. It would undermine the foundation of American justice, innocent until proven guilty, and it would do so for Americans who are impoverished and already at a severe disadvantage because of age, disability, education, race and ethnicity. It would strip people of basic income, in many cases all they have to live on, based on a mere accusation.”
A yes vote was to pass the bill.
UNITED STATES SENATE
Heath Tarbert, Assistant Treasury Secretary: Voting 87 for and eight against, the Senate on Sept. 27 confirmed Heath Tarbert, 41, as assistant secretary of the Treasury for international markets. They will head the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which monitors foreign transactions with U.S. companies to determine their impact on U.S. national security. A former law clerk for Supreme Court Associate Justice Clarence Thomas and Department of Justice attorney under President George W. Bush, Tarbert leaves a Washington law firm to join the administration.
Michael Crapo, R-Idaho, said Tarbert “has served in senior roles in all three branches of government and is an experienced lawyer and a recognized financial expert” who would ably fill this “critical national security and international economic policy job.”
Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., questioned whether Tarbert's vigilance over transactions that foreign governments use to acquire American technology. “We don't want to wake up one day and discover that our adversaries have access to key components of our national security technology because Congress and the White House were asleep at the wheel,” they said.
A yes vote was to confirm Tarbert.
Makan Delrahim, Assistant Attorney General: Voting 73 for and 21 against, the Senate on Sept. 27 confirmed Makan Delrahim, 47, as assistant attorney general for antitrust enforcement. They served in the Justice Department's antitrust division under President George W. Bush and also worked as a congressional aide and Washington-based attorney and lobbyist.
Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, praised the nominee as “a high-quality lawyer” and said “all of us, Democrats and Republicans, liberals and conservatives, are going to make sure that our markets remain free and competitive. Cheap talking points are not going to cut it; only serious debate will.”
Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., said Delrahim's “approach to antitrust enforcement is based on a hands-off economic theory that just leaves big corporations to do pretty much whatever they want to do. Case in point, just last year, when asked (about) the proposed merger of AT&T and Time Warner…(he) said they didn't think it was a `major antitrust problem.'”
A yes vote was to confirm Delrahim.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Macquarie to complete £1.5bn sale of stake in Thames Water
Does it make sense for a boss to earn more than 200 times what a worker does? The case for a maximum wage.
max·i·mum in·come
noun
1. A legal limit on how much a person can be paid
“Give [the wealthy] awards. Lavish them with praise. Publish the names of the highest taxpayers in laudatory newspaper columns. Allow them to bask in civic pride. But take their money. They have plenty.” — Hamilton Nolan, arguing in Gawker that all income above $5 million a year be taxed at 99 percent
I get why we'd want to raise the minimum wage. But why lower the maximum?
According to the Economic Policy Institute, CEO compensation at the 350 highest-revenue publicly traded firms rose 875 percent from 1978 to 2012. Meanwhile, average worker pay at these companies grew a mere 5 percent.
In a world where so many struggle to get by, it's easy to resent executives making millions. If companies spent less on CEOs, they might put profits toward increasing wages for everyday workers, paying more in taxes or investing in something else useful.
The real trouble with inequality, however, goes deeper than the misallocation of resources or the resentment it creates. It perverts the promise of democracy itself. So long as a tiny minority hoards most of the wealth, these oligarchs are able to exert disproportionate social and political influence.
So how would this actually work?
There are a few different ways to go about it. One would be to pick a limit— some suggest $5 million a year, others $500,000—and tax everything above that at or near 100 percent.
Another would be to incentivize worker pay raises by tying executive salary to employee income. In 2013, a Swiss referendum proposed a 12-to-1 ratio on the logic that a CEO shouldn't make more in a month than an employee in a year. (It lost, but garnered 35 percent support.) In an In These Times interview, Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) suggested a less strict 20-to-1 ratio.
This would have been typical in 1965, but today the average ratio is more than 200- to-1. J.C. Penney once hit 1,795-to-1.
Who else is calling for this?
U.K. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and French socialist Jean-Luc Melenchón have both voiced support. Back in 1942, Franklin Delano Roosevelt suggested a wartime cap at $25,000 a year, around $400,000 in today's dollars. (He settled for an 88 percent tax rate above $200,000.) If a 100 percent top tax rate sounds out there, remember we had 90 percent under the Republican Eisenhower administration.
These calls challenge us to reckon with extreme inequality and question why, exactly, we consider certain people so much more deserving than others. As a certain German Communist once suggested, perhaps compensation should be “to each, according to theirs needs.”
We know that Ajay Devgn and Kajol are doting parents to Nysa and Yug. While most of the star kids are expected to choose the same profession their parents are in, one wonders if Nysa too would end up following their parent's footsteps.
Unlike Sridevi who in one of their previous interviews, revealed how they were a little apprehensive about their daughter Jhanvi joining the showbiz, Kajol has a different take on their daughter taking a plunge in Bollywood.
When quizzed if they and their husband Ajay would be comfortable if Nysa plans to take up acting as a career, here's what the 'VIP 2' actor had to say...
'Ajay Is A Very Understanding Father' Kajol was quoted as saying to a leading daily, "Ajay is a very understanding and accepting father. We won't force our kids to take the profession we are in, but if they want it themselves, we will support them."
'I Hope My Relationship With My Children Keeps Changing With Time, Age And Maturity' Earlier while talking to Pinkvilla, Kajol had said, "As for my relationship with my children, I hope it keeps changing with time, age and maturity for one reason that at one point of time I felt they were quite helpless. They grew into being individuals and hopefully I have brought them up well enough that I know a good mother and god willing I will turn into a great friend eventually."
Nysa Thinks Them Mother Is Too Sentimental About Things In the same interview Kajol had mentioned, "She thinks I am too sentimental about things. They think I get touched, upset very easily. They think I am a little OTT. But I guess, it is okay. Children are bound to think that of their parents."
'Nysa Has A Good Head On Them Shoulders' Kajol was quoted as saying, "Honestly, they don't have that many (mood-swings).  They are quite stable that way, I have to say considering all the other children I see of them age. They have a good head on their shoulders. I talk to them a lot about random stuff. I know when I hear their opinions about certain things that they are very intelligent and a balanced girl and that gives me a hope for the future."
'Yug Has Grown Up With Our Stardom' "I think they have grown up with our stardom. I don't know if they went through a period of getting used to it. As far as stardom is concerned, we keep it at the gate, no further. We try to keep them balanced and normal. So, they are very very normal children."
Well, it's quite refreshing to hear Kajol talking so candidly about my kids!
Natalie Portman's brave response to being invited to accept Genius Prize in Israel
“Portman will not accept Israeli prize” (Page A2, April 21):
Kudos to Natalie Portman for opting not to travel to Israel to accept the Genesis Prize. As an Israeli, proud of their Jewish heritage, it was courageous to take such a public stand “against violence, corruption, inequality and abuse of power,” as they said in a statement.
Related Articles Letter: Can't forget Barbara Bush's remarks on Katrina evacuees
Letter: Judge Aaron Persky recall won't undermine confidence in judiciary
Letter: Why isn't Trump saying ‘go ahead and knock yourselves out' in Mueller probe?
Letter: Housing crisis will require many ideas, collaboration
Letter: The lowest cost earthquake ‘insurance' money can buy These are not in line with their Jewish values nor should they be in line with ours.
Forrest Cioppa
Moraga
Submit your letter to the editor via this form
Read more Letters to the Editor
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: Blayne Haggart, Associate Professor of Political Science, Brock University
A champion athlete, who is both white and not American, has the chance, at some personal cost, to protest racial injustice in the United States. Should they avoid taking a stand or lend support to a protest that doesn't directly affect him?
The question is currently being asked of Sidney Crosby. Their statement that it is “a great honour” for their Stanley Cup winning team, the Pittsburgh Penguins, to visit Donald Trump's White House comes amid a boycott of the White House by the NBA champion Golden State Warriors, and Trump's racist criticisms of NFL players' taking a knee to protest police brutality against black Americans.
Almost 50 years ago, the question was asked of another white non-American: Australian sprinter Peter Norman. The two athletes' starkly different responses to similar situations of racial tension highlight the extent to which Crosby, the Penguins and the NHL — in the face of profound injustice — have failed to rise to the occasion.
A lasting image of protest
The photo of African-American sprinters Tommie Smith and John Carlos on the podium at the 1968 Mexico City Olympics, heads bowed, each raising a black-gloved fist in a Black Power salute, taking a stand for racial equality and human rights, remains an iconic image.
Norman, the silver medallist, is the guy standing next to them on the podium. He's wearing an Olympic Project for Human Rights patch, borrowed from an American rower to show solidarity with Carlos and Smith. (Incidentally, Norman was also responsible for suggesting that Smith and Carlos share a single pair of gloves after Carlos forgot his, back at the Olympic Village.)
Norman, like Crosby, was in a privileged position to do something. Or they could have used their non-Americanness, or their whiteness, as an excuse to stay out of a domestic U.S. racial struggle. Instead, Norman played a crucial supporting role in what has become a legendary stand for human rights.
When Smith and Carlos told Norman what they were going to do, they asked them if they believed in human rights. Norman, driven by their strong Salvation Army faith, said they did. Their ultimate response, which should be taught in schools worldwide, was the opposite of Crosby's: “I will stand with you.”
The price of taking a stand
Norman did so despite the palpable threat of assassination in the violent summer of 1968. They faced the threat of repercussions from a controversy-averse International Olympic Committee and a home country still operating under an overtly racist White Australia immigration policy.
They did so because they believed deeply in human equality. As Carlos remarks in the excellent Norman-focused documentary, Salute: “Peter didn't have to take that button. Peter wasn't from the United States. Peter was not a Black man. Peter didn't have to feel what I felt. But they were a man.” That was enough.
Norman, like Smith and Carlos, paid an enormous price for their stand. For wearing that patch, Australia blacklisted them from the 1972 Olympics despite being the fifth-fastest sprinter in the world at the time (he continues to hold the Australian 200 metre record). They were not even invited to take part in the 2000 Sydney Olympics, attending instead as the guest of an appreciative U.S. Track and Field Federation.
Long after the U.S. recognized Carlos and Smith as heroes (as their spiritual successor, former NFL quarterback Colin Kaepernick will be, in time), Norman remained a pariah: the Australian government only apologized for Australia's treatment of them in 2012, six years after their death.
No regrets
Despite the hardship, Norman did not regret their actions. For him, doing the right thing took precedence over doing the easy thing.
Crosby's and the Penguins' actions fall short of Norman's example. What's more, in trying not to choose sides — between African-Americans who fear for their lives around police and a president who finds it hard to condemn neo-Nazis — they've implicitly revealed what they're prepared to tolerate. As Lt.-General David Morrison, the former Australian Chief of Army, noted in a similar context, “The standard you walk past, is the standard you accept.”
And yet, while it is profoundly disappointing that Crosby, the Penguins and the NHL have missed their Peter Norman moment, Norman themselves probably would not have judged them too harshly. As they remarked in Salute: “In a victory ceremony for the Olympics, there are three guys that stand up there. Each one's been given about a square metre of God's earth to stand on. And what any one of the three choose to do with their little square metre of earth at that stage is entirely up to them.”
Ultimately, what Crosby and their fellow Penguins choose to do with their square metre is a matter for their own consciences. For others, graced with the opportunity to stand with the victims of injustice, Peter Norman offers a shining example of what moral courage looks like.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/history-shows-sidney-crosby-could-have-s https://theconversation.com/histo
"Our goal is to make Rivers State a land of peace and prosperity with boundless opportunities and possibilities"
– a place where no one is left behind...
Gov.Ezenwo Nyesom Wike
CEDAR CITY–The Aunt Margaret Camp of the Daughters of Utah Pioneers held their Opening Social on Sept. 11, including a delightful lesson on the Mormon Colonies in Mexico. The camp's next meeting will be Oct. 9 at 2 p.m.in the basement of the Old Rock Church.
We are a non-denominational group whose purpose is to preserve artifacts and histories of pioneers and others. We are actively seeking new members, and you are eligible whether or not you have pioneer ancestry.
Please call Kara Allan (435-586-9098) or Nancy Mortensen (435-590-8130 ) for more information; or join us for our meeting on Oct. 9. Meetings are held the second Monday of each month, September through May, at 2:00 p.m.
Caption: Officers of the Aunt Margaret Camp meet to plan meetings for the 2018-2018 year. Back row from left are Georgia Johnson, Marlene Riddle, Debbie McBrearty, Kara Allen, Marcene Hamilton and Erlene Anderson. Front row from left are Sylvia Clements, Marian Ashdown, Judy Larsen and Nancy Mortensen. Courtesy photo
Did Krushna & Govinda Try To Sort Out Things?
When asked whether they tried to sort out things, Krushna told Spotboye, "I have been unable to catch hold of him. They went to London after the incident and then they got busy with a film shoot. I seriously want to reconcile with him."
Krushna Doesn't Mind Their Mami Giving Him Gaalis!
They added, "I don't mind if my mami gives 5-6 gaalis, it's their right to do so. I have said this in the earlier interview also, I have stayed with them as a kid and they have taken utmost care of me. So I understand that they might be feeling more hurt. Knowingly, or unknowingly, I got dragged into the matter. After which unknowingly I also got involved."
Kashmira's Timing Was Off!
The actor-comedian further added, "What Kashmira wrote on Twitter irked Sunita mami, but the fact is that Kashmira wrote it for my sister, not mami. The timing was off!"
‘Kashmira Is At Major Fault Here & They Should Apologise To Mami'
"Yeh Kashmira se galti ho gayi. Kissi ke bhi bare main Twitter par nahi likhna chahiye tha. They could have avoided it. Kashmira is at major fault here and they should apologise to mami, as my mami (Sunita) has been taking care of the whole family."
Krushna Says They If Fine If Govinda Slaps Or Abuses Him!
When asked whether they feel that they and Govinda will resolve your differences, the actor says, "Mama (Govinda) can slap me twice or abuse me. I am ok with that. Whatever they say I will listen quietly. And I think things will get resolved after that."
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Newell Gets New Ally as Icahn Takes 7% Stake
Newell Brands Inc. has enlisted the support of billionaire Carl Icahn and will go forward with its planned sale of assets -- a move that may help it fend off fierce opposition from activist investor Starboard Value. Bloomberg's Taylor Riggs reports on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg)
For the third time in two years, a member of the Aluska family was struck and killed by a vehicle in Lindenhurst. Two of the cases were hit-and-run crashes, authorities said.
Raw Footage: Cops Swarm Scene After Third Relative Killed by Car in 2 Years in Same Long Island Town
A Long Island woman was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Lindenhurst in the early hours of Monday morning -- three months after a relative died in a crash there and less than two years after their brother met the exact same fate.
Pauline Aluska, 54, was found lying in the road at Montauk Highway and South 13th Street around 12:30 Monday morning. They were taken to a hospital, where they were pronounced dead. An investigation determined that they were hit by a car that then fled the scene, Suffolk County Police said.
The police later confirmed that Pauline Aluska was related to Diane Aluska, who died in a highly publicized crash in Lindenhurst on May 14. Diane Aluska was killed on Mother's Day when a car jumped a curb outside of a bakery; they pushed their teenage daughter out of the way and was crushed by the vehicle.
It was not immediately clear how Pauline and Diane Aluska were related, however.
Pauline Aluska was also the brother of John Aluska, who was killed in a Lindenhurst hit-and-run on Sept. 28, 2015. Police said both John and Pauline's deaths were under investigation and no arrests had been made.
From the Gunter Tigers winning their 30th straight game to the Madill Winter Classic, there were a ton of highlights this week and here are the best of them.
For full coverage of all of our Texoma high school athletes all year long follow @DanLinbladTV @BrendanAgans @SportsKTEN on Twitter.
Sharpen your savvy: 5 steps to navigating organisational politics
Tech chiefs need to become adept at digging out information that does not live in facts, but in the hidden world of rumour, innuendo, and personal relationships.
"In any engagement, it is critical that we get to know the terrain and environment that we are operating in." - Ancient Chinese general and military strategist, Sun Tzu. Credit: 663highland
Organisational politics are a reality and we can either take the approach of burying our heads in the sand and pretend they don't exist or recognise that political savvy is an essential skill for all levels of an IT organisation.
As IT professionals, we have no authority over the business clients we work with but plenty of responsibility and accountability for delivery. Because of this, we must become skilled in the arts of influence, negotiation, managing conflicts and political savvy. Political savvy is just one of the tools we have to be successful as part of the business and not separate from it.
So, what is politics? Most often our initial response is a negative one. We view it as a way to manoeuvre or manipulate in a group to gain control or power. But when used in a positive way, politics can bring people closer together.
It's a legitimate way of having people with different interests work out a collective purpose and then work together to make it happen. Simply, the difference between the two is, is it being done from an intention of integrity towards moving the organisation toward its strategic objectives or merely out of an individual's personal interests.
Being politically-savvy has several benefits. They often include: getting projects moved up the priority list, cutting through red tape, achieving greater recognition, gaining management support for projects, obtaining a bigger budget, and getting the people you need when you need them. It also means having your ideas heard, and having the ability to bring IT initiatives and projects to successful conclusions.
Here are 5 steps to developing your political awareness.
1. Start your radar
The first step is getting outside the world of IT and assessing who will be affected by your actions and activities. Who are the key stakeholders, their connections, relationships, and previous history with one another? Go beyond the obvious and also think, 'who are the people who believe they should have some say?' As one of my favourite strategists Sun Tzu stated: "In any engagement, it is critical that we get to know the terrain and environment that we are operating in."
To do this, we need to become adept at digging out information that does not live in facts, but in the hidden world of rumour, innuendo, and personal relationships. Get to know stakeholders on a more personal level.
1 2 Next Page
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Accounting standards in the spotlight as life insurers take strain
A market trader, an art dealer and an estate agent on the art of selling
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
HAGATNA, Guam (CBSMiami) – The top U.S. military officer met with the South Korean president Monday about North Korea's nuclear threats.
In a news conference, U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Joseph Dunford said the U.S. hopes for a peaceful resolution, but the military is ready to use the full range of its capabilities.
“Based on projective capacity that North Korea possesses today, we can protect the peninsula, the Koreans here in the peninsula, the Americans here in the peninsula, we can protect Guam, we can protect Hawaii and we can protect the continent of the United States,” they said. “What we are focused on now is continued capability of development and where Kim Jong-un maybe in the future. That's all we are preparing for.”
On Monday, the residents of Guam held a demonstration in support of peace.
“Today we are just showing solidarity and just kind of getting the message out there that we are for peace and not war,” one resident said. “A lot of people are stressed out. They've got a lot of things on their mind. North Korea most especially and the bombs that might potentially hit us and to kind of unify the community and bring them out here and to think about something else instead of getting bombed.”
People lined the street holding banners as cars drove by sounding their horns.
One man's banner read: “Drop knowledge not bombs.”
“Big threat on Guam right now and we are trying to show the world that the people here are peace loving people and we don't want war here. We don't want to harm anyone in North Korea and we don't want harm to come to us or everywhere else in the world and it is time that our leaders think about peace and think about ways to promote peace,” another resident said.
Related: Trump Seeks Trade Probe Of China Amid North Korea Tensions
Also on Monday, China said they will impose sanctions against North Korea by no longer importing their goods.
The U.S. hopes this will help avoid conflict.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom have sparked reports they're dating again after the former couple was spotted cuddling at Ed Sheeran's concert on Saturday night.
The Roar singer and the actor took in Sheeran's gig at the Staples Center in Los Angeles and they weren't trying to hide how they still feel about each other.
In a photo shared on Instagram by a fan, the former couple looked cozy in matching baseball caps, while another concertgoer claims Katy sat on Bloom's lap for much of the night.
Katy Perry has been spotted with Orlando Bloom at Ed Sheeran's concert. Are they back together again? pic.twitter.com/pyQgpOzgrD — Pop Crave (@PopCrave) August 13, 2017
“They looked like they were having the time of their lives,” a source tells E! News.
Katy and Orlando dated for much of last year before breaking up in February.
BAR HARBOR
Robert J. DeSimone, Bar Harbor, to Bar Harbor Savings & Loan, Bar Harbor, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Kebo Properties LLC, Bar Harbor, to Christopher B. Swan, Bar Harbor, land. Quitclaim Deed.
David W. Poland and Bonnie A. Poland, Bar Harbor, to Ja won Song and Samycol Back, Austin, Texas, as joint tenants, land. Quitclaim Deed.
BLUE HILL
Dorothy H. Campbell, Blue Hill, to Cory Travis Nevells, Blue Hill, land with buildings and improvements. Warranty Deed.
Patricia S. Bergstrom, f/k/a Patricia S. Herklotz, Ellsworth, to Ronfald R. Pineau and Marilyn Pineau, Blue Hill, as joint tenants, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
BROOKSVILLE
Anne M. Orlando, a/k/a Anne Moore Orlando, Worcester, Mass., to Anne M. Orlando, trustee of the Anne M. Orlando Trust, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
BUCKSPORT
Citifinancial Servicing LLC, O'Fallon, Mo., to Citifinancial Servicing LLC,land. Quitclaim Deed.
Susan C. Dakin and Wayne M. Dakin, Hermon, to Chandler Wilson II, Bucksport, land with buildings or improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Susan C. Dakin and Wayne M. Dakin, Hermon, to Linda White, Bucksport, land with buildings and improvements. Corrective Release Deed.
Susan C. Dakin and Wayne M. Dakin, Hermon, to Susan C. Dakin and Wayne M. Dakin, Hermon, as joint tenants, land with buildings or improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
People's United Bank, N.A., f/k/a Merrill Merchants Bank, Burlington, Vt., to People's United Bank, N.A., Burlington, Vt., land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
People's United Bank, N.A., f/k/a Merrill Merchants Bank, Burlington, Vt., to People's United Bank, N.A., Burlington, Vt., land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Amy J. Albert, personal representative of the Estate of William R. Potter, to David T. Cherry and Debra A. Cherry, Peachtree Corners, Ga., as joint tenants, land. Deed of Sale by Personal Representative.
Joyce M Bennett, Bucksport, to James Bryant, land. Quitclaim Deed.
DEDHAM
Clifford B. Larlee Jr., Auburn, personal representative of the Estate of Carol Larlee Gilbert, a/k/a Carol Lynne Gilbert, to Cliffored B. Larlee Jr., Auburn, and Sandra C. Larlee, Cape Elizabeth, as tenants in common, land. Deed of Distribution.
Mark E. Eggleton and Janet A. Berkel, Holden, to Crisostomo R. Baliog Jr., Eddington, land. Warranty Deed.
Meredith A. Walton, Dedham, to Matthew P. Roeber and Sharon K. A. Roeber, Ellsworth, as joint tenants, land with improvements. Warranty Deed.
Monnier Rentals, LLC, Dedham, to Kimberly A. Spence and Aaron Spence, Hermon, as joint tenants, land. Warranty Deed.
George C. Adams Jr. and Joyce H. Adams, Dedham, to Daniel P. Duran and Heidi Duran, Raleigh, N.C., as joint tenants, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
DEER ISLE
Natasha Allen, Brooksville, to Elizabeth Grace Clough, Stonington, land. Quitclaim Deed.
Opera House Arts, Stonington, to John David Lincoln and Elizabeth R. Lincoln, as joint tenants, land. Warranty Deed.
ELLSWORTH
Scott K. Shields, Bar Harbor, to Dale Bradford Kohr, Ellsworth, land with all structures and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Clara Blacknall Wilson, Atlanta, Ga., and Robert R. Smith of Ga., co-personal representatives of the Estate of J. Miles H. Wilson, a/k/a James Miles Hugh Wilson, to Carla Blacknall Wilson, Atlanta, Ga., land with buildings and improvements.
Inhabitants of the municipality of Ellsworth, to Angela Hillman and Christopher Hillman, Stafford, Va., land. Municipal-Quitclaim Deed.
City of Ellsworth, to Ellsworth Business Development Corporation, Ellsworth, land. Quitclaim Deed.
Ellsworth Business Development Corporation, Ellsworth, to Robert Breeden, d/b/a Breeden Fine Ironwork, Ellsworth, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Alice M. Jordan, Ellsworth, to Stanwood Wildlife Sanctuary, Ellsworth, land. Quitclaim Deed.
Ralph R. Jordan, Ellsworth, to Stanwood Wildlife Sanctuary, Ellsworth, land with all improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
John S. Lawshe and Cheryl J. Lawshe, Ellendale, Delaware, to Hans Eduard Van Der Does and Linda Jean Van Der Does, trustees of the Hans Eduard and Linda Jean Van Der Does Revocable Family Trust, North Berwick, land with buildings and improvements. Warranty Deed.
Bulldog Realty LLC, Bangor, to Colby Way, LLC, Bangor, land with all structures and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, McLean, Va. To Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, McLean, Va., land. Quitclaim Deed.
Tinker Hill Condominium, LLC, a/k/a Tinker Hill Condominiums LLC, Brooklyn, N.Y., to Richard M. Suydam and Sandra L. Ramsdell, Juneau, Alaska, as joint tenants, land. Quitclaim Deed.
Alice McAteer, Palm Harbor, Fla., to Harold Francis and Jeanne Francis, Douglas, Mass., as joint tenants, land with buildings or improvements. Warranty Deed.
Coastal Acreage Inc., Bangor, to Anne M. Boniface, Stillwater, land with improvements. Warranty Deed.
Connie Jan Sears, Ellsworth, to Harry S. Jones III, Jennifer Jones and Emilie Jones, trustees of The HSJ Real Estate Title Holding Trust, Ellsworth, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Grace M. Schimpf, Hancock, to Broughman Builders, Inc., Ellsworth, land. Quitclaim Deed.
GOULDSBORO
Arnold S. Francis, Steuben, to Marion Alley, Hancock and Arnold G. Francis, Steuben, land with buildings. Quitclaim Deed.
Nationstar Mortgage LLC, dba Champion Mortgage Company, to Timothy J. Kinney, land. Special Warranty Deed.
HANCOCK
Sheila C. Denny-Brown, Hancock, to Douglas Scott Denny-Brown, Bedford, Mass., land. Quitclaim Deed.
William O. Andrews, Sullivan, to A & J Rentals, LLC, Gouldsboro, land. Quitclaim Deed.
State of Maine, Augusta, to William O. Andrews, Sorrento, land. Governor's Deed.
Michael Crosby, Gorham, and Sylvia Jane Crosby Giles, United Kingdom, co-personal representatives of the Estate of Oliver S. Crosby, to Michael Crosby, Gorham, and Sylvia Jane Crosby Giles, Heneleaze, UK, as tenants in common, land. Deed of Distribution by Personal Representative.
Robert I. Brown, Mattituck, N.Y., and Cassandra Brown, New York City, N.Y., to Robert I. Brown Mattituck, N.Y., any right, title or interest in, land. Release Deed.
MARIAVILLE
Hannah M. Colson, Otis, personal representative of the Estate of Leroy Colson Jr., to Leroy Colson III, Otis, land with all structures and improvements. Deed of Distribution.
MOUNT DESERT
Nathan Carroll and Vanessa Carroll, Southwest Harbor, to James S. Rogers and Dorothy C. Rogers, trustees of James S. Rogers Trust one-half undivided interest and to Dorothy C. Rogers and James S. Rogers, trustees of Dorothy C. Rogers Trust, one-half undivided interest, as tenants in common by each Trust, Winchester, Mass., land. Quitclaim Deed.
George Sayen, Philadelphia, Pa., to Catherine S. Ravenel, Charleston, S.C., and John J. Sayen Jr., Quantico, Va., and George Sayen, trustees of the Sayen Family 2016 Long Pond Revocable Trust, their right, title and interest in land. Quitclaim Deed.
Catherine S. Ravenel, Mt. Pleasant, S.C. To Catherine S. Ravenel, John J. Sayen Jr., Quantico, Va., and George Sayen, Philadelphia, Pa., as trustees of the Sayen Family 2016 Long Pond Revocable Trust, their right, title and interest in land. Quitclaim Deed.
John J. Sayen Jr., Quantico, Va., to John J. Sayen Jr. and George Sayen, Philadelphia, Pa., and Catherine S Ravenel, Mount Pleasant, S.C., as trustees of the Sayen Family 2016 Long Pond Revocable Trust, their right, title and interest in land. Quitclaim Deed.
Susan S. Stanley, Naples, Fla., and Nancy S. Brickley, Boston, Mass., to Kathleen Claire Homer, a/k/a Kate C. Homer and Jason T. Homer, Trenton, as joint tenants, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
ORLAND
Barbara P. Ward, Blue Hill, to Cheryl L. Harris, Trenton, land. Warranty Deed.
Hoxie Hill, LLC, Bangor, to Marion Britts, Franklin, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Andrew Morehouse, Williamsburg, Mass., and John Morehouse, Norwalk, Conn., to Stephen Najjar, Weare, N.H., land with buildings and improvements. Warranty Deed.
OTIS
Aron A. Atherton, a/k/a Aron Albert Atherton, Ellsworth, to GCM, LLC, Otis, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
PENOBSCOT
John F. Hutchins, Penobscot, to New Road Investments, LLC, Blue Hill, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
SEDGWICK
Michelle Tuttle, Milo, to Francis Tuttle, Sedgwick, all interest in and to, land. Release Deed.
Joan Thelwell, trustee of the Joan Thelwell Revocable Trust, Sedgwick, to Benjamin Thelwell, Sedwick, land. Trustee's Deed of Distribution.
SORRENTO
Dede Wilder, a/k/a Dede Schmitt, a/k/a Deborah Ely Schmitt, Brunswick, Laurence D. Ely, Amherst, Mass., And Sabra Newell Ely Ewing, Vershire, Vt., to Stephen Dwyre, Corea, land. Quitclaim Deed.
SOUTHWEST HARBOR
Ben Fulves, Portland, to Janet Strong and Robery Hoyt, Southwest Harbor, as joint tenants, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
H.R. Kaprelian and April M. Kaprelian, a/k/a A.M. Kaprelian, Polk City, Fla., to David John Grulke and Christine Cecelia Grulke, Tolland, Conn., as joint tenants, land with buildings and improvements. Warranty Deed.
Lester C. Kenway, Bangor, personal representative of the Estate of Edward Northwood Kenway, to Geoffrey W. Kenway, Troutdale, Ore., land with buildings and improvements. Deed of Sale by Personal Representative.
Glenn Murphy, Bass Harbor and Lisa Melcher, Bowdoin, as co-personal representatives of the Estate of Irene S. Murphy, to John R. Williams and Martha Williams, Southwest Harbor, as joint tenants, land with buildings. Deed of Sale by Personal Representative.
Donna M. Carr, Waldo, to Christopher H. Lyford and Cari S. Lyford, Scarborough, as joint tenants, timeshare estate Unit 54, Week 28, Harbor Ridge Condominium. Warranty Deed.
Elizabeth Lindsay, Hartland, to Durwood H. Beckwith Sr., Harland, timeshare estate Unit 26, Week 31, Harbor Ridge Condominium. Warranty Deed.
Hugh D. and Linda H. Lockman, Hilton Head, S.C., to Martha Amoroso and Gino P. Amoroso, Woodbridge, Va., as joint tenants, timeshare estate Unit 12, Week 38, Harbor Ridge Condominium. Warranty Deed.
STONINGTON
Brian R. Billings, Deer Isle, to Jared Gove, Stonington, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Janice W. Shepard, Stonington, to Elizabeth A. Alley, Stonington, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Janice W. Shepard, Stonington, personal representative of the Estate of Elwell L. Shepard, to Janice W. Shepard, Stonington, land with improvements.
SURRY
Michelle P.Rafferty, Ellsworth, to Maurice C. Cunningham and Adrienne E. Cunningham, Surry, as joint tenants, land with buildings. Warranty Deed.
Christopher C. Jones, Ellsworth, personal representative of the Estate of Elaine M. Jones, to Robert S. McNeill and Beverly A. McNeill, Randolph Center, Vt., as joint tenants, land. Corrective Deed by Personal Representative.
SWAN'S ISLAND
David Rockefeller Jr., Richard E. Salomon and James S. Sligar, New York, N.Y., personal representatives of the Estate of David Rockerfeller, to Eileen R. Growald, Shelburne, Vt., land. Personal Representatives Deed of Distribution.
George Cole and Patricia Cole, Bluffton, S.C. To Michael Starnback and Eileen Starnback, Needham, Mass., as joint tenants, land. Warranty Deed.
TOWNSHIP 3
Marcelle M. Burke, Scarborough, personal representative of the Estate of Eugene Alfred Carrier, to Gordon Carrier, East Waterboro, and State of Maine, East Waterboro, one-third interest in land. Deed of Distribution by Personal Representative.
TOWNSHIP 9
Kenneth R. Parent, a/k/a Kenneth A. Parent and Eleanor M. Parent, Orono, to Daina J. Nathanson, Scarborough, land. Warranty Deed.
TREMONT
Stephen R. Larson and Martha Bonney, Tremont, to Robert Diamond and Mary Beaumont, Cream Ridge, N.J., as joint tenants, land with buildings and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Christine R. Norton, Cumberland County, personal representative of the Estate of Chirstopher N. Gridley, to Steven T. Kenney, Southwest Harbor, land. Deed of Sale by Personal Representative.
Frances M. Hann, f/k/a Frances M. Scheid, Lehigh Acres, Fla., to Joanne M. Harper, Seal Cove, land with all structures and improvements. Release Deed.
TRENTON
Ronald L. Johson and Hedy Johnson, trustees of the H & R Johnson Living Trust, Lake Worth, Fla., to Broughmans Builders Inc., Ellsworth, its undivided one-half interest in land. Trustees' Deed.
Sharon Spadaro, Eustis, Fla., to Broughman Builders Inc., Ellsworth, their undivided one-half interest in land. Quitclaim Deed.
Leslie Hogben Hunacek, Ames, Iowa, and Virginia Lynn Hogben, Philadelphia, Pa. co-personal representatives of the Estate of Anne S. Hogben, to Leslie Hogben Hunacek, Ames, Iowa, and Virginia Lynn Hogben, Philadelphia, Pa., as tenants in common, land. Deed of Distribution by Personal Representative.
Bulldog Realty, LLC, Bangor, to Ellsworth-Trenton, LLC, Bangor, land with all structures and improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Jerry E. Taylor and Debra K. Taylor, Ellsworth, to Sarita Pfahl, Bar Harbor, land with improvements. Quitclaim Deed.
Aniko Giampetruzzi, Overland Park, Kan., personal representative of the Estate of Maria Kovacs, to John E. Pouwels, Franklin, land with all structures and improvements.
WINTER HARBOR
Lisa E. Roche, Esq., successor trustee of the George Blance Jr. Living Trust, to George C. Blance III, trustee of the George C. Blance III Revocable Trust, Lowell, Mass., land. Warranty Deed.
George Blance, Lowell, Mass., to George C. Blance III, trustee of the George C. Blance III Revocable Trust, land with all structures and improvements. Warranty Deed.
By Jason Earle
It was a heartbreaking night for the Panthers at the Petersen Events Center on Tuesday as the Virginia Tech Hokies overcame an 11 point halftime deficit to defeat Pittsburgh 66-63. The Panthers led for the majority of the contest but allowed a 12-0 Hokie run late in the second half.
Pitt jumped out to an early 22-11 lead thanks to a lights-out 4 of 5 start from beyond the arc. Mike Young, Jamel Artis, Cam Johnson, and Chris Jones combined for all of the first 22, while Johnson started the game 3-3 from three point range with 9 early points.
Virginia Tech built a 6-0 run late in the first half to cut the deficit to 4 during which the Panthers connected on just 1 of 6 field goal attempts. Pitt quickly responded with two threes from Cam Johnson and Jamel Artis to regain a comfortable 36-26 lead.
The Hokies were unable to score in the final 2:35 of the first half, and Pittsburgh held a 40-29 lead at the break. Johnson was the leading scorer at halftime with 14, and the team shot a stellar 8 for 11 from 3. VT leading scorer on the year Zach LeDay was limited to just 4 first half points, while Ahmed Hill led the team with 10.
After Pitt maintained a steady lead throughout the first ten minutes of the second half of play, the Hokies went on a 12-0 run to obtain their first lead of the game 53-52. The run was highlighted by what ultimately became a 7 point possession for VT. Mike Young intentionally fouled Ahmed Hill who proceeded to make the layup and sink the two intentional foul shots. Justin Bibbs hit a 3 point shot immediately off of the ensuing inbound pass, and the Hokies took the lead. Meanwhile, the Panthers made just 1 of 7 field goals during the drought.
Pitt built two more four point leads throughout the remainder of the contest, but a Seth Allen 3 with just over a minute to go would put Virginia Tech in front for the rest of the battle. Cam Johnson and Jamel Artis had multiple looks from three point range to tie the game in crunch time, but none fell. After shooting 8-11 from 3 in the first half, Pitt shot just 2-9 from beyond the arc in the second. Coach Kevin Stallings elected not to make a single substitution in the entire second half of play. Rozelle Nix, Jonathan Milligan, Justice Kithcart, and Damon Wilson all saw first half minutes, but the second half was played solely by the Pitt starters.
Zach LeDay posted a double-double for the Hokies with 10 points and 11 rebounds, while Ahmed Hill led their scoring with 17. Cam Johnson led Pitt with 17 as well, while Artis and Young had 16 and 14, respectively.
With the loss, Pittsburgh moves to 14-12 on the year and 3-10 in ACC competition, damaging postseason ambitions even more. On the contrary, Virginia Tech improves to 18-7 overall and 7-6 in conference play, further solidifying their spot in the NCAA Tournament field. The Panthers resume play on Saturday as they host #17 Florida State. Virginia Tech travels to Louisville for a battle with the #8 Cardinals.
16 Year Old Boy Drowns In Nottingham
A 16 year old boy has died in a Nottingham hospital after they were pulled from water earlier on Wednesday (4th July).
A 16 year old boy has died in a Nottingham hospital after they were pulled from water earlier on Wednesday (4th July).
It's after police received reports a boy had gone into the water at Colwick Park Lake around 2pm but hadn't resurfaced.
Fire, ambulance crews, a helicopter and an underwater dive team launched a major search operation and found them an hour later.
They were taken to Queen's Medical Centre but was sadly pronounced dead a short time later.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The American Girl™ doll store at Oak Park Mall, 11327 W. 95th Street, introduced children and adult fans to the 2017 Girl of the Year.
Them name is Gabriela McBride. One of their main profile characteristics is that they have a passion for the arts, specifically spoken word poetry. They use poetry to overcome personal obstacles and create positive change for their community.
Braxton Whitehead, winning the game of life
By Marc Katz
You could have given me 100 guesses and I don't think I ever would have tagged Braxton Whitehead as a future banker.
They were the first catcher for the Dayton Dragons in 2000, looked like a tough guy and had a “branding” gone bad on their right shoulder, the result of a college night drinking and being nudged by a friend mid-branding.
The result was lots of broken skin and a mess on their shoulder that remains, covered by equipment when they played and a suit jacket today.
Braxton Whitehead in a suit jacket.
Imagine that!
Well, I don't have to. I saw it when they started at Fifth Third Bank in 2001 (his first day was Sept. 10, 2001; their second day Sept. 11), launching a career they not only embraces, but is able to do near their home town in southwest Mississippi, where they live with their Cincinnati-born wife Jennifer and their two children, a girl just graduated from high school, and a boy with a couple years to go.
Here's how it went down. Whitehead finished their season in Dayton after the spleen mishap (we'll get into that), played in the Fall Instructional League and thought they were going to be promoted to Class AA in 2001.
They were already 24 years old and in their fourth season of Class A ball when they started with the Dragons, so maybe they aren't the prospect I thought they are.
Maybe they are, though.
We'll never get to finish that debate, because when the season was over and Whitehead went to the Fall League, they returned thinking they had enough.
With the 2000 Dragons, they hit .307 with six homers and 48 RBIs in 83 games. Their on base percentage was .368 and their slugging percentage was .456
Unsure of what they had, the Reds drafted another catcher, Dane Sardinha, whose contract called for them to be fast-tracked to the majors, forcing them ahead of Whitehead, who had already married Jennifer and started a family. Baseball looked to be too vagabond an experience.
Whitehead had also lost time to injuries—quad, elbow and ankle—when the spleen thing happened during a game at West Michigan.
A runner slammed into them at a time when catchers anchored themselves in front of the plate and looked only for the ball.
Whitehead held on, shimmying after being hit like one of those stick balloon cartoon characters inviting you into the new auto parts store.
They finished the game, returned to Dayton and played the next two days after being cleared with a hospital visit.
Saturday was one of those player/fan events at Fifth Third Field, but that morning, Whitehead couldn't breathe. They went back to the hospital, where emergency surgery was performed.
“I had been bleeding internally,” they said. Their spleen was removed.
Two weeks later, they were swinging a bat. Shortly after that, playing first base, they collected a big hit in the playoffs.
And now they also had to deal with Sardinha, who did make it to the majors, hitting just .166 in parts of six seasons.
In the off-season, as a coach at the Miami Baseball Academy by the Dayton Mall, Whitehead contemplated their future, thinking they would go into sports administration. A buddy, Tracy Stringer, who worked at Fifth Third Bank, golfed with them one day, telling them to consider banking. They could be taught everything they needed to know.
“When I started in banking,” Whitehead said, “I didn't even know how to make a deposit.”
Now, he's the chief credit officer at the Bank of Franklin in Meadville, Miss., a town of about 512 residents, a county of about 8,000.
Whitehead may not be living a big league life, but he's living life big. They have lunch with a family member just about every day. They live so close to work, they can walk there if they want.
It's quiet. It's peaceful. Jennifer's mom and dad moved down, as did their sister.
“I live a mile from the bank,” Whitehead said. “My wife works at home. We're both on Main Street. My sister-in-law's on Main Street. My mother-in-law's on Main Street. Just living a simple life where you don't get caught up in the traffic, keeping up with whomever. This is where I was raised.
“The hunting, the fishing, the country living. If something goes wrong, you just know so many people who would take care of you. Up there, you knew your neighbors, but you never let anyone get close to you.
“Everybody knows everybody here. That's what's appealing.”
What about leaving baseball?
“People ask, ‘Could you have made it?'” Whitehead said before a loan applicant stopped by. “I don't want to sound arrogant or anything. I feel like I would have made it. But I don't feel like I would have been an every-day guy. I might have been a back-up guy or split time with somebody. I don't know. Maybe I'm discounting my ability.”
It has always been an honor for me to cover athletes in the minors who made it to the majors…and some guys who didn't make it as well. Braxton Whitehead is one of them.
Author of “Practical steps to financial independence and personal finance coach,” Mr. Usiere Uko, writes about following your heart and doing what you love. It is the season of love. Love is a very popular topic, the subject of most songs and Nollywood movies. Love makes the world go round. We are in love with […]
The post Doing what you love, loving what you do appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham councillors will for the first time in their history be entitled to maternity and paternity pay.
Under the new pay deal, set to be adopted next week, councillors will continue to receive their £16,267 a year basic allowance for at least six months of maternity leave, possibly longer.
It means rank and file councillors have gone from having no parental leave allowance to having better terms than staff and has prompted calls for council workers maternity terms to be improved.
Senior councillors with extra responsibilities such as cabinet members who get £25,000 per year on top of their basic allowance, or those who chair committees, will also be entitled to maternity pay.
This will be set at 90 per cent of the special responsibility allowance for the first six weeks, 50 per cent between weeks seven and 18 and the statutory rate of £145.18 per week up to week 39.
Councillors are also entitled to two weeks paid paternity leave under the new scheme.
The scheme has been brought in 18 months after Labour councillor Brigid Jones, 31 who is now the city's deputy leader, complained that they would have to give up work to start a family as there is no maternity pay, sick pay or pension scheme.
At the time they were a cabinet member for children's services overseeing a £1.2 million budget and thousands of staff.
They said: “Back in the day councils used to be made up of Victorian gentlemen, retired or business owners who could afford to do it as a hobby or in their spare time.
"It is now a full time job, and yet we are treated as volunteers and paid an allowance. We righlty get taxed on that and it should be a salary.
“It's such an honour to be elected, you don't think about it until later. It's like the dark ages."
They were concerned that the lack of support would deter young women like them from taking senior roles with the council.
Opposition Conservatives have supported the move to improve parental leave as being a councillor in Birmingham is now a demanding full time role.
But want a better deal for staff too saying the city council as a major employer should take a lead on parental leave rights.
Tory deputy leader Debbie Clancy said: "It is not only the right thing to do, we also know that better parental leave is good for us as employers too.
"It improves staff retention, keeping skills and knowledge in the organisation and also helps to attract new talent, as well as enhancing staff morale and wellbeing- improving productivity and reducing sickness absence. If we have happy employees, with happy families, we will have improved services to residents. Everybody wins."
They have called for a review to bring it into line with the six months full pay now being offered to back bench councillors.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Trump, Putin, Xi and the rise of nostalgic nationalism
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
N.C. State is a hitting team that didn't hit in the ACC tournament.
That's baseball, as many Wolfpack players said after they lost both conference tournament games in Durham last week.
The Wolfpack is hoping to get back on track in the NCAA tournament. Returning to Doak Field should be a good thing for the top seed in the Raleigh Regional.
N.C. State (40-16), which will open regional play on Friday against fourth-seeded Army (36-22), hit 80 points higher at home than away this season.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Raleigh Regional bracket, in YP form, with the correct start times
(h/t: @NCStateKCrew) pic.twitter.com/2FoCheX272 — Joe Giglio (@jwgiglio) May 29, 2018
“Coming back here will be a big help,” senior Brock Deatherage said. “We started off the year with a lot of games here at home. We'll be able to get back on top of things.”
Being home has historically helped N.C. State in the NCAA tournament. N.C. State is 16-3 at home in regional play compared to 10-18 on the road since the format was adopted in 1999. It has advanced to the Super Regional round four times and only when it has been a regional host (2003, '08, '12 and '13).
The last time N.C. State was a regional host, in 2016, was the only time it didn't win the regional as the host. It lost a heartbreaker to Coastal Carolina in a marathon elimination game after having the eventual national champions down to their last strike.
Coach Elliott Avent said location can help but it's not everything.
“How you play is more important than where you play,” Avent said.
N.C. State has undoubtedly hit and played better at home. It hit .317 in 36 home games with 8.1 runs per game and 61 home runs. The Wolfpack has a 27-9 record at Doak Field this season.
NC State's home/road/neutral hitting splits, in YP form
Getting to host the regional was a good thing for the Wolfpack pic.twitter.com/nN91zpH7V7 — Joe Giglio (@YellowPadStats) May 30, 2018
In 20 games away from home (17 road, three neutral site), N.C. State hit .237 with 5.1 runs per game and 20 home runs. The Wolfpack went 13-7 in those games.
The Wolfpack is trying to get its hitting mojo back from the beginning of the season. The Wolfpack hit .310 as a team through 28 games in February and March and averaged 7.4 runs per game. Not surprisingly, it went 23-5 in those games. In April and May, also 28 games, the Wolfpack hit .266 and scored6.5 runs per game and went 17-11.
Despite its recent hitting problems in Durham, N.C. State enters NCAA play ranked No. 5 in the country in home runs (81) and No. 25 in scoring (7 runs per game).
Getting away from Florida State's pitching staff might help. The Wolfpack hit .197 in four games (three of which were losses) against the ACC champions. FSU lefty Drew Parrish had 24 strikeouts, in 16.2 innings, in two starts against the Wolfpack last week.
“I don't think our bats have cooled off so much as we've seen some outstanding pitching lately, which I think is going to help us down the stretch,” Avent said.
The Seminoles and Parrish are safely in the other half of the bracket but the Wolfpack better get used to quality pitching from here on out.
“I don't think anybody is worried at all,” catcher Patrick Bailey said of the team's recent hitting slump. “We're in really good shape for this weekend. We'll just have to find ways to get it done.”
And that has been easier at home for N.C. State than anywhere else.
Uncle, starring Mammootty in the lead role is gearing up to grace the big screens on Aprl 27, 2018. After the teaser and the trailer of the movie, the makers of the film have come up with yet another teaser of the movie, which has further raised the expectations on this upcoming movie.
The new teaser has been launched through the official facebook page of Mammootty. The 28 seconds long teaser of the movie features a conversation between Mammootty and the movie's lead actor Karthika Muraleedharan. In the teaser, KK, the character played by Mammootty in the movie, describes the beauty of the character played by Karthika Muraleedharan in Uncle.
Well, the new teaser should strengthen the reports that Mammootty will be seen essaying a character with different shades in the film. Importantly, we definitely can expect yet another hard-hitting performance from Mammootty. The matching background score in the teaser of the film is also a major highlight. The teaser has already fetched above 60K views on Facebook within a short span of time.
Uncle has been directed by debut film-maker girish Damodar. The movie has its script penned by actor Joy Mathew who is also a part of the cast list. Suresh Krishna, Muthumani, KPAC Lalitha etc., will also be seen essaying important roles in the movie. The film has bagged a clean 'U' certificate.
WHO Says Bottled Water Is Chock Full of Tiny Plastic Particles
The World Health Organization (WHO) has announced a review into the potential risks of plastic in drinking water after a new analysis of some of the world's most popular bottled water brands found that more than 90% contained tiny pieces of plastic. A previous study also found high levels of microplastics in tap water.
In the new study, analysis of 259 bottles from 19 locations in nine countries across 11 different brands found an average of 325 plastic particles for every liter of water being sold.
Concentrations were as high as 10,000 plastic pieces for every liter of water. Of the 259 bottles tested, only 17 were free of plastics, according to the study.
Scientists based at the State University of New York in Fredonia were commissioned by journalism project Orb Media to analyze the bottled water.
The scientists wrote they had "found roughly twice as many plastic particles within bottled water" compared with their previous study of tap water, reported by the Guardian.
According to the new study, the most common type of plastic fragment found was polypropylene -- the same type of plastic used to make bottle caps. The bottles analyzed were bought in the US, China, Brazil, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Lebanon, Kenya and Thailand.
Scientists used Nile red dye to fluoresce particles in the water -- the dye tends to stick to the surface of plastics but not most natural materials.
The study has not been published in a journal and has not been through scientific peer review. Dr. Andrew Mayes, a University of East Anglia scientist who developed the Nile red technique, told Orb Media they were "satisfied that it has been applied carefully and appropriately, in a way that I would have done it in my lab."
The brands Orb Media said it had tested were: Aqua (Danone), Aquafina (PepsiCo), Bisleri (Bisleri International), Dasani (Coca-Cola), Epura (PepsiCo), Evian (Danone), Gerolsteiner (Gerolsteiner Brunnen), Minalba (Grupo Edson Queiroz), Nestle´ Pure Life (Nestle´), San Pellegrino (Nestle´) and Wahaha (Hangzhou Wahaha Group).
A World Health Organization spokesperson told the Guardian that although there was not yet any evidence on impacts on human health, it was aware it was an emerging area of concern. The spokesperson said the WHO would "review the very scarce available evidence with the objective of identifying evidence gaps, and establishing a research agenda to inform a more thorough risk assessment."
A second unrelated analysis, also just released, was commissioned by campaign group Story of Stuff and examined 19 consumer bottled water brands in the US.It also found plastic microfibres were widespread.
The brand Boxed Water contained an average of 58.6 plastic fibers per liter. Ozarka and Ice Mountain, both owned by Nestle´, had concentrations at 15 and 11 pieces per liter, respectively. Fiji Water had 12 plastic fibers per liter.
Abigail Barrows, who carried out the research for Story of Stuff in their laboratory in Maine, said there were several possible routes for the plastics to be entering the bottles.
"Plastic microfibres are easily airborne. Clearly that's occurring not just outside but inside factories. It could come in from fans or the clothing being worn," they said.
Stiv Wilson, campaign coordinator at Story of Stuff, said finding plastic contamination in bottled water was problematic "because people are paying a premium for these products."
Jacqueline Savitz, of campaign group Oceana, said: "We know plastics are building up in marine animals and this means we too are being exposed, some of us every day. Between the microplastics in water, the toxic chemicals in plastics and the end-of-life exposure to marine animals, it's a triple whammy."
Nestle´ criticized the methodology of the Orb Media study, claiming in a statement to CBC that the technique using Nile red dye could "generate false positives."
Coca-Cola told the BBC it had strict filtration methods, but acknowledged the ubiquity of plastics in the environment meant plastic fibers "may be found at minute levels even in highly treated products."
A Gerolsteiner spokesperson said the company, too, could not rule out plastics getting into bottled water from airborne sources or from packing processes. The spokesperson said concentrations of plastics in water from their own analyses were lower than those allowed in pharmaceutical products.
Danone claimed the Orb Media study used a methodology that was "unclear." The American Beverage Association said it "stood by the safety" of its bottled water, adding that the science around microplastics was only just emerging.
The Guardian contacted Nestle´ and Boxed Water for comment on the Story of Stuff study, but had not received a response at the time of publication.
© 2018 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: WHO; iStock/Artist's concept.
Consumers, and Millennials specifically, have clearly set a precedent: they want sustainability to be top-of-mind for brands when it comes to achieving their business goals, according to social media software provider Digimind Inc. They're willing to pay more for sustainable products, but first, they expect to see proof of a sustainability mindset, Digimind CEO Mohammed El Haddar told Environmental Leader.
A “great example” of a company driving business results with their sustainability efforts is when Gap announced the company's plans to cut water use by 10 billion liters by 2020, says El Haddar. “When Digimind measured the share of voice of US retailers by ‘mentions' in relation to sustainability efforts, Gap dominated the US market with a 78% share of voice in Digimind's upcoming Women's Fashion Industry Report,” they say. With consumers making it clear that they want the brands they engage with to keep sustainability top-of-mind, and with their obvious preference for communicating via social media, “brands would be wise to vocalize their efforts on these platforms, too,” El Haddar told us. “The brands that promote sustainability efforts on social can see actual business results.”
Why Pinpoint Millennials, Exactly?
According to Digimind, 73% of Millennials are willing to pay more for sustainable products, but only if they're convinced that the products are truly sustainable – and that the companies behind them behave in a sustainable manner, as well.
“Created in the timespan roughly bookended by the Exxon Valdez and Deepwater Horizon environmental disasters, Millennials are naturally skeptical of companies large and small regarding their claims,” says El Haddar. Eighty-one percent of Millennials say they expect companies to publicly declare their social responsibility, and furthermore, they want proof of follow-through on those sustainability claims. “Those proof points are most easily provided on social,” El Haddar says.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Pakistan's citizens must now declare their religion when applying for identity documents, or if they want to work in government or register to vote, Islamabad's High Court ruled this month.
Applicants who disguise their true religion defy the constitution and betray the state, the judge stated. Their true religion must now also be visible on birth certificates, ID cards, voters' lists, and passports.
Those who apply for a job in the judiciary, armed forces, civil services, and other government jobs also need to submit an affidavit declaring the Khatm-i-Naboowat (that Muhammad was the final prophet), stated Justice Shaukat Aziz Siddiqui in their ruling, as reported by Pakistani newspaper Dawn.
Human Rights Watch's Saroop Ijaz said the judgement “would enable and incite violence,” in particularly directed at the Ahmadi community, Reuters reported.
“All [the judge's] specific instructions are about ensuring and finding out who is an Ahmadi,” human rights lawyer Jibran Nasir told Reuters. They said the order would provide the government with lists of who belonged to which religious minority.
Pakistani passports already show the holder's religious belief. A local source told World Watch Monitor (WWM) that minority groups, such as Christians and Ahmadis, did not object against this because it has benefited them in, for example, applying for asylum elsewhere.
A previous move by the government in 1992 to try to add citizens' religious belief to their ID cards, however, was met with protests by Christians, who said they would face economic and social exclusion. The idea was then shelved.
Christians and Ahmadis are two of a number of minority groups in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan, who together make up an estimated 20 percent of the total—mainly Sunni Muslim—population. The Ahmadis face a lot of discrimination because they are considered non-Muslims; to call themselves Muslim or to refer to their faith as Islam is a punishable offence under the country's blasphemy laws.
Christians are already instantly recognisable in Pakistan because of their names—men are given the surname Masih, deriving from Messiah. But this is not the case for Ahmadis, making the new ruling more of an issue for them, as they can no longer hide their identity nor safely claim to be Muslim.
During the hearings, the court learned how a group of 10,000 Ahmadis apparently changed the religious status on their Computerised National Identity Cards to Muslim when applying for a government job. They would then change it again once retired.
The court case was opened following a petition by Islamist political party Tehreek-e-Labaik, which opposed a parliamentary initiative to the change of wording in electoral law, suggesting replacing the religious oath with a simple declaration.
The proposed bill, however, also made room for Ahmadis to take part in elections on general seats, even though they are labelled “non-Muslims” in the constitution. Following large-scale protests, the government reinstated the original text.
In their verdict, the judge ordered parliament to develop legislation and amendments to existing laws “to ensure that all the terms specifically used for ‘Islam' and ‘Muslims' were not used by the persons belonging to any of the minorities for hiding their real identity or for any other purpose.” If no appeal is filed, parliament has to follow the court's directives.
WWM's source said the court only has jurisdiction in Islamabad, so this could be first and foremost a “political stunt.” But “it still sends a strong message how the debate about religion has gone deeper and deeper in Pakistan, and religious minorities—especially Christians—are being affected by this.”
The court order will make minority groups even more vulnerable, according to Nasir Saeed, director of the Centre for Legal Aid, Assistance, and Settlement (CLAAS-UK), who told Independent Catholic News the government should rather promote harmony and religious tolerance and establish peace in the country. All Pakistanis, including minorities, need to know they are secure, protected, and equal before the law, they said.
WWM has reported regularly on how Christians face different forms of discrimination and oppression in Pakistan—in daily life as well through the misuse of blasphemy laws. The Christian woman Aasiya Noreen, popularly known as Asia Bibi, is one of the best-known examples: they have been on death row for blasphemy since 2010.
You cannot grade on a curve when it comes to selecting a quarterback in the NFL draft. If the Giants are to take one with the No. 2 pick Thursday night, they would have to do just that — lower their standards just enough to restock the most important position on the field.
The question may come down to this: Forget about potential greatness. Is there the next Jared Goff out there and, if so, is that a high enough ceiling for Eli Manning's successor?
There is strong sentiment inside the organization to sit at No. 2 and, if the Browns take Sam Darnold — that remains the most likely scenario — gleefully take running back Saquon Barkley, who instantly upgrades everything — and we mean everything — with the entire offensive operation.
“Freak'' said someone with knowledge of the Giants' draft thinking, referring to Barkley.
Putting the Barkley infatuation to the side, what to do about a quarterback is a hot-button issue the Giants cannot ignore. They likely will not take one up so high in this draft, but that does not mean they aren't thinking about it.
The Giants look at this year's top prospects — and do not be so sure they view Darnold as the best of the bunch — and do not see the caliber of quarterback that came out of the 2004 draft that produced Eli Manning, Ben Roethlisberger and Philip Rivers. They are looking into the more recent past to determine if this crop, or at least one of them, can measure up to the quarterbacks who came off the board 1-2 in 2016: Goff and Carson Wentz.
The baseline is this, as far as the Giants are concerned: Can they envision any one of these players being a really good starting quarterback for 15 years? If that sounds like grading on a curve, so be it.
Gettleman has attached two prerequisites to the No. 2 pick: They must be a player they can envision one day getting inducted to the Hall of Fame and they must be deemed worthy of the second overall pick not only this year, but in any year. It is difficult to consider any of these quarterbacks as worthy of the No. 2 pick in ANY draft — an admission some inside the Giants' building grudgingly admit.
Given how polarizing this is — take a gamble on a quarterback or go for the sure thing in Barkley, defensive end Bradley Chubb or, more likely a few picks later if there is a trade down, guard Quenton Nelson — it should not be surprising that these conversations are going on in the Giants' inner sanctum. This could lead to a divide — those who think quarterback is the way to go and those who do not.
Ownership could push for the immediate impact player (Barkley, Chubb, Nelson) as part of a win-now thrust with the 37-year-old Manning. Lest we forget, co-owner John Mara was quick to reverse themselves late last season, completely disavowing the “We need to see Davis Webb play'' rhetoric when the Manning benching went sour. Mara and Steve Tisch, more than the front office, might factor into the awkwardness of having Manning sharing a locker room with their anointed successor. Webb's presence is a factor here but not a determining factor.
There are likely Giants draft evaluators who think the time is now to get the next franchise quarterback, even if it means going against a draft board that will not have any of the quarterbacks as the three highest-rated players.
Darnold is the safest choice among the quarterbacks. Josh Allen, sitting behind Manning for a couple of years to refine their immense physical gifts, is the most intriguing. Josh Rosen is the most polished thrower, but the question the Giants are mulling is this: Are they comfortable with Josh Rosen as the face of their franchise for a decade? There are also durability concerns with Rosen after surgery on their right shoulder and, more ominously, two concussions this past season. Someone familiar with the Giants thinking said they would be “shocked'' if Rosen lasted a full 16-game NFL season.
Wentz was playing at an MVP level last season for the Eagles before they blew out their knee. That upside, in the view of some making the call for the Giants, is most likely unattainable for any of this year's quarterback prospects. But what about Goff? They struggled as a rookie with the Rams, welcomed in a new offense and new coaching staff and showed great progress in Year No. 2.
Will Goff live up to the test of time as worth the No. 1 pick? Is “very good'' good enough? Can Goff win a couple of Super Bowls the way Manning did? Can any of these soon-to-be rookie quarterbacks do the same?
The Giants have questions about all these incoming quarterbacks. They have no question about Saquon Barkley. If they are there, they remain their strongest option. But not their only option.
GREENVILLE, N.C. (WNCT) — A woman wanted on charges of forging prescriptions backed their car into a Pitt County Sheriff's Office detective who was attempting to serve them a warrant Monday, the Pitt County Sheriff's Office said.
Detective Gentry Pinner attempted to serve the warrant around 8:15 a.m. on the 2000 block of Emerald place in Greenville.
Eleanor Gibbs, 34, had warrants from back in January from the investigation involving forged prescriptions.
Pinner saw Gibbs running to their car, identified them and told them to stop, the Sheriff's Office said.
That's when, the Sheriff's Office said, Gibbs got in their car and looked at the detective in the rearview mirror while backing up and striking them with their car.
They then drove away in a silver vehicle, deputies said.
Pinner received minor injuries, and the Sheriff's Office said they are continuing in their normal duties.
Gibbs also now faces charges of assault with a deadly weapon against a government official and flee to elude arrest.
Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 252-758-7777.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17M73
— Chatham County authorities continued to search Tuesday night for a man in connection with a shooting in Moncure.
Deputies said Angel Soto is the prime suspect in the Chatham County shooting and should be considered armed and dangerous.
"Mr. Soto is considered armed and dangerous, and we're asking for anyone with information or the people of interest to call 911," Chatham County Sheriff Mike Roberson said.
The search for Angel Soto lasted most of the day Tuesday. Authorities said they could be with Kassidy Lowe. Authories have not commented on the relationship between the two.
Soto was described as 28 years old, about 5 feet 2 inches tall and 150 pounds, with brown hair and brown eyes. Lowe is described as 5 feet 8 inches tall, with brown hair and brown eyes.
The search began when deputies responded to a reported shooting in the 1100 block of Charlie Brooks Road at about 11:20 a.m. and found a wounded man, who was taken to a nearby hospital for treatment.
"We found a male subject that had been shot, transported to the hospital," Roberson said.
Roberson said Soto left the scene in a light blue Honda Accord with front-end damage. They said Soto and the shooting victim know each other, but they did not say how or what lead to the shooting.
"We know they were all acquaintances, so this wasn't a stranger issue. We are concerned anytime someone's out there that feels the need to shoot someone else, so that's a big concern for us," they said. "We want to make sure that everyone involved is okay,"
Anyone with information in the case should call 911 right away.
Josh Gordon is officially back in the NFL. He's scoring touchdowns, wearing sunglasses on the sideline and getting into Twitter beefs with cornerbacks.
After the Browns' crushing 27-21 loss against the Packers on Sunday, Gordon took to Twitter to respond to a comment by Green Bay corner Damarious Randall, who said they had shut down Gordon.
Via PackersNews.com:
“He had one catch,” Randall said. “Any more questions?”
Great Win for them but let's be serious.. Considering several of our disadvantages as a team, this kid couldn't hold my jock strap on my worst day lol..@RandallTime https://t.co/ennvwjTMUH — Flash Gordon (@JOSH_GORDONXII) December 11, 2017
Randall didn't need long to fire back and apparently had no qualms about bringing up Gordon's problems with substance abuse…
Not cool, man. But I suppose Gordon should know this is the kind of thing he'll hear if they start beef with an opposing player. There is a 100% chance Gordon has already heard similar trash talk in the two games he's played this season.
Gordon finished the game with three catches for 69 yards and a touchdown. Randall surrendered one of those catches.
CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (AP) – Luke Maye scored 26 points to help No. 19 North Carolina beat Pittsburgh 96-65 on Saturday night, ending its first three-game losing streak in four years.
The Tar Heels (17-7, 6-5 Atlantic Coast Conference) found themselves in a close game late in the first half with a team that had yet to win a league game, but they blew it open with a big run spanning halftime.
Graduate transfer Cameron Johnson scored eight points against their former team in UNC's 14-3 half-ending flurry, which grew to 25-5 when Joel Berry II hit their fourth 3-pointer for a 56-37 lead with 16:48 left.
Freshman Marcus Carr scored 22 points for the Panthers (8-16, 0-11), who hit eight first-half 3s to hang around but made 2 of 16 after halftime as the Tar Heels' lead ballooned.
That sent Pitt to its 11th straight loss, the longest skid in program history.
BIG PICTURE
Pittsburgh: Things just keep getting worse for the Panthers. They entered Chapel Hill ranked last in the league in major categories such as scoring offense, shooting percentage, rebounding margin and turnover margin. Now they've lost 15 straight regular-season ACC games and are approaching a year since their last win.
UNC: The Tar Heels were facing the possibility of their first four-game losing streak since February 2010, the only one of the Roy Williams era. And the past week in particular had been bumpy: There was an overtime home loss to North Carolina State last weekend, a loss at No. 20 Clemson on Tuesday and the suspension of first-year student guard Jalek Felton from the university for unspecified reasons. This win – a relatively easy get-right cruise in front of a friendly home crowd – might have helped drain a bit of the tension that had built during the skid.
UP NEXT
Pittsburgh: The Panthers visit No. 20 Clemson on Thursday.
UNC: The Tar Heels host No. 4 Duke on Thursday night in the latest renewal of the fierce rivalry.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Having a baby can bring a lot of anxiety to any new parent — money worries, sleeplessness nights, the crying. But what if you could communicate with babies before they can talk?
Baby sign language has become increasingly popular over the last decade. It used to be taught only if a child was deaf or hard of hearing. But not anymore.
It's snack time in the Mitras' house. Baby Reyna uses basic sign language to tell their parents what they want. They can hear just fine.
“A baby will start crying to let you know that they want something. Signing is just a way for them to be more specific about what it is that they want,” Reyna's father Raj Mitra said.
In fact the 15-month-old didn't fuss or cry throughout our entire interview. They would sign — more food, more water please. They even used the sign for light, a new one they learned, as we set up equipment.
“We're teaching them banana. We're teaching them more specific foods now,” Reyna's mom said.
Baby sign language for hearing children isn't new. It was studied in the 1800s by a Yale professor, but it didn't really take off until the 2000s.
“At the time, signing time was just coming out,” St. Croix Central Elementary teacher Leah Feyereisen said.
Feyereisen was desperate for a way to calm their newborn triplets back in 2007. They taught them baby sign language and says people were amazed how calm their three boys were.
“We really didn't have the terrible twos. I mean, obviously you have some crying here and there about other things, but it was never for frustration or lack of them being able to tell me what they understood,” Feyereisen said.
Today on top of your birthing class, nursing class, CPR training, you can find a plethora of baby sign language courses.
Reyna's parents learned at the Amma Parenting Center in Edina.
“You are helping to build brain cells in the language center,” Small Talk Sign Language teacher Susan Hagel said.
Hagel has been teaching parents baby sign language basics for almost 20 years. They say babies develop signing motor skills earlier than speech.
But skeptics worry signing will inhibit the baby's ability to talk. Hagel says a 20 year long study proved that's not true.
“They found that babies exposed to — babies signing actually talk a little bit sooner and the first words that they say generally are signs that they know,” Hagel said.
And the benefits don't stop there.
“They found that as a child went to school they would score an average of 12 points higher on IQ tests and 20 points higher on SATs. So anything that you can do for your child as an infant that's going to make a difference as a teenager is a good thing,” Hagel said.
Reyna has already started talking — and their first word was still “mom.”
Only time will tell if they see benefits at a later age.
“She has tried signing to the dog. They ask the dog,” Reyna's mom said. “That's pretty funny.”
“I do think that a lot of parents are very savvy about what things are going to help my child develop and what things are going to help my child grow and learn,” Hagel said. “And so a lot of times parents take baby signing because it's going to be beneficial to their child.”
Susan says a tip to start implementing baby sign language is don't try until they're at least 6 months old. Start with just one or two signs until they get the hang of them and then add more.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The NYPD is looking for a man it says robbed and shot a taxi driver in the Bronx over the weekend.
According to reports made to police, a gunman shot the 26-year-old taxi driver several times on Morrison Avenue in the Soundview neighborhood around 12:45 a.m.
The suspect stole $23 from the car before taking off.
The driver was taken to Jacobi Hospital. Police said they are in stable condition.
Anyone with information is asked to call NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 1-800-577-TIPS.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Giancarlo Stanton will be dearly missed by Marlins fans.
Stanton will miss them too.
But Stanton was clear about what they won't regret leaving behind.
Stanton thanked Marlins fans, their teammates, coaches, the organization and the city of Miami both on social media and during a press conference Monday at the Major League Baseball Winter Meetings during which they were formally introduced as a new member of the New York Yankees.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
But in their farewell message a couple of hours earlier on their Instagram account, Stanton took a clear shot at previous owner Jeffrey Loria and expressed what they disliked about the way the organization was run during their eight seasons playing for the Marlins.
Stanton wrote: “I feel for u fans, you've stuck with me as we've shared some roller coaster years. I've always tried to be as professional as possible during the unprofessional, circus times there!
“Regardless of the Ups and downs, I've grown and learned a lot as a Person/Player. So for that I give thanks, I hope there are better days in Miami. The city and the people are too great not to be!”
Stanton elaborated on what they meant by the comment a couple of hours later as they wore their new Yankees uniform and cap with the same No. 27 on it they wore as a Marlin.
“I just meant [there was] no structure, no stamp of ‘This is how things are gonna be,'” Stanton said. “It's a different direction every Spring Training, you gotta learn something new. Every spring, a different manager, every spring or every middle of the season. That's what I meant by that.”
Stanton, a four-time All-Star, was traded to the Yankees for second baseman Starlin Castro and two prospects as the Marlins' new ownership group spearheaded by Yankees legend Derek Jeter and business person Bruce Sherman make efforts to trim payroll and rebuild one of the lowest-rated minor-league talent pools in baseball.
Stanton's most recent campaign was their most memorable with the Marlins after hitting 59 home runs, finished with 132 RBI and became the franchise's first league MVP.
Yet the Marlins finished 77-85 and short of the postseason for the 14th consecutive year.
Stanton made it clear to Jeter and the Marlins' new owners they did not want to be a part of yet another rebuild. The Marlins began to trade core players last week when they dealt second baseman Dee Gordon to Seattle and followed with the Stanton deal.
“I wanted us to go forward and add to the pitching staff,” Stanton said. “I thought our lineup was legit and we needed help with our pitchers and needed to add rather than subtract. The way they wanted to go was to subtract. I let them know I didn't want to be a part of another rebuild, another losing season. And that's almost a guaranteed losing season taking away what I thought was a great lineup.”
Stanton said part of the appeal of accepting the Marlins' trade to the Yankees was going to a franchise that was in position to win meaningful games and championships with a consistent direction.
“It's what I always wanted,” Stanton said. “It's what I always dreamed of, to be in competitive games where it means something and your performance means something to the team and the city.”
After the Stanton trade, the Yankees had the best odds of winning the 2018 World Series according to Bovada, improving to 5-1 from 11-1. The Marlins' odds plummeted from 66-1 to 100-1, which is tied for second-worst only ahead of the Detroit Tigers (150-1).
Stanton delivered an additional message during the press conference to Marlins fans who are watching as the team's new ownership trades away core players such as they and Dee Gordon in an effort to rebuild the team.
“I would say hang in there,” Stanton said. “They're hurting. They're going to go through some more tough years. I would advise them not to give up. Maybe watch from afar.”
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
SAN JOSE — Prosecutors were forced to drop rape charges Monday against former San Francisco 49er Ray McDonald after their alleged victim refused to testify.
The woman, who had sued McDonald in civil court, received a financial settlement of more than $100,000, though it was not immediately clear Monday exactly how much or whether it was directly related to their refusal.
The charges were dismissed Monday morning in Santa Clara County Superior Court by Judge David A. Cena.
The woman's case stemmed from an alleged incident that occurred Dec. 15, 2014 after a pool party at McDonald's home in the exclusive Silver Creek neighborhood in San Jose.
McDonald would have faced a maximum of eight years in prison if they had been convicted of rape and would also have had to register as a sex offender.
In December 2014, the 49ers released McDonald, citing a “pattern of poor decision-making.” They were signed by the Chicago Bears, but in May, that team let them go when they were arrested on domestic violence charges after a clash with their ex-fiancee in Santa Clara while they were holding their infant child.
The Santa Clara County District Attorney's Office has said at least some portion of the alleged assaults were caught on videotape by McDonald's security system.
McDonald had sued the woman for defamation, saying that they fabricated the allegations and was seeking to exploit a national wave of similar incidents involving NFL players.
McDonald alleged that the woman also lied to cover up that they had consensual sex “several times” with them that night and the next day.
A judge dismissed the lawsuit, saying McDonald failed to produce evidence that the woman had spoken to anyone other than law enforcement officials about their accusations. Statements to police are considered protected speech.
The woman counter-sued, laying out a completely different version of events. Contrary to media reports, they contend, they did not pass out from drinking but slipped and fell on a “negligently maintained, dangerously slippery deck” near McDonald's swimming pool and struck their head, passing out for eight minutes. They also claimed the video shows that McDonald believed them to be dead. But instead of calling 911, they alleged, they told others at the party that they did not want a dead woman to be found on their property.
In their lawsuit, the woman contended that after passing out by the pool, they regained consciousness but fell several more times as a result of both the head injury and their alcohol consumption. The suit claims that while they were unconscious from one of those falls, Brooks groped them in a “sexual manner.”
Then, before they fully regained consciousness, McDonald carried them to their bedroom and had sex with her, they alleged. The woman's suit does not mention whether the couple had sex the next day, though a police report in the case claims they did but notes they were not initially aware of what had happened while they were passed out.
Check back for updates.
Reading this on your phone? Stay up to date with our new, free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store
Contact Tracey Kaplan at 831-227-7166. Follow them at Twitter.com/tkaplanreport.
AUSTIN — For a city trying to return to normal after the annual South By Southwest festival, hip and edgy Austin has lost the hip and is simply on edge.
Residents have been shaken by four bombings scattered around the city in the last few weeks and say uncertainty and fear has them worried about what's next — and where.
- Advertisement -
“The mood of the city is that people are frightened,” said resident Anita Poirier, who works in hospice care.
Related: Austin explosions: ‘Serial bomber' hunted after tripwire sets off 4th blast
The four explosions that have killed two and injured four others surround the heart of the city, which is home to the Texas state Capitol and the University of Texas.
A blast Sunday evening in a Southwest Austin neighborhood now means the bombs were detonated in a wider geographic area than the previous explosions which occurred in the eastern part of town. Authorities say a “serial bomber” is at large.
“There's no preparing for it,” said Elizabeth Kruger, who moved to Austin from New Jersey three years ago and lives in the northwest section of town. “It scares me because they've gotten everywhere else, does that mean we're next?”
Northwest Austin resident Frank Zepponi, who works in marketing and has lived in Austin since 1999, said he's “always felt more or less safe” in their neighborhood — until they heard about the Southwest Austin explosion.
“Wow, is there a pattern? What's going on?” they said.
Austin-based singer/songwriter, vocalist and musician Sara Hickman said they felt especially sad about the young bombing victim, 17-year-old Draylen Mason, who was a musician and knew some of their friends.
“It seems terrifying now that there's a tripwire involved,” they said. “It seems like maybe they're not randomly doing this. They're going around the city of Austin in a circle almost. So, I'm scared that our neighborhood will be next and I'm mad that our neighborhood might be next. I'm mad that they're infringing on our peace of mind.”
Pattie Noxon lives downtown and said she's “concerned” about where explosions have rocked the city — and where they haven't.
“If you look at a map — I just looked at it and said ‘That's weird.' I'm sure everybody else is thinking that too.”
“We got a lot of attention because of South By,” said Noxon, who has lived in Austin for 36 years, referring to the annual South by Southwest festival of media and music. She's a faithful festival attendee and was among an estimated 300,000-plus for the festival that wrapped up on Sunday.
However, a bomb threat at the festival on Saturday evening caused the cancellation of a concert by the popular hip-hop band The Roots.
A 26-year-old man was arrested on charges of making a terroristic threat in connection with that incident, but authorities did not link them with the explosions.
Some schools in the area of Sunday's explosion were closed Monday while others had a late start due to the investigation. City schools had been closed last week for spring break.
Related: Austin, Texas, on edge after spate of package bombs kills two
Austin has gained national attention for its technology startups and is one of the country's fastest-growing metropolitan areas — which may make it more of a target.
All this growth “is unprecedented for Austin,” Poirier said. “So many people are moving in so quickly.”
Hickman, who has lived in Austin since 1994, said a principal's announcement on Monday about the bombings had left an impression with their 17-year-old daughter, a high school senior.
“She said it was the first time they made an announcement that actually really scared her,” Hickman said. “I feel really sad that — not just Austin — but our world seems to be collapsing into terrorism. It's such an unknown. You don't know where it's going to happen or who it's going to hurt.”
A Swedish experiment may have missed the bigger picture of how shorter days can mean long-term profit.
In February, after almost two years worth of six-hour workdays, nurses at the Svartedalens elderly care facility in Gothenburg, Sweden went back to eight-hour shifts—despite recently published research showing the benefits of the shortened workdays.
The City of Gothenburg didn't extend the experiment in part because funding ran out. It cost about 12 million kronor ($1.3 million) to hire the 17 extra staff members needed to fill the gaps created by shorter work hours. The city had only budgeted for two years, and legislators said it would be too expensive to implement the project across the entire municipality.
So, for now, the project has come to an end. Yet, there are longer term savings the study didn't take into account. Working shorter hours resulted in healthier workers, researcher Bengt Lorentzon found in a new paper. “They were less tired, less sick, had more energy coming home and more time to do activities,” said Lorentzon.
Specifically, the nurses took fewer sick days than they did when working longer, eight-hour days. They also took fewer sick days than nurses in the control group. In fact, they took fewer sick days than nurses across the entire city of Gothenburg.
Overall, they took 4.7 percent fewer sick days over the period of the experiment, while nurses in the control group took 62.5 percent more sick days over the same time frame. Nurses who worked fewer hours took less unexpected time off, too.
While the study found health and productivity benefits, it didn't measure the potential long term cost savings of healthier nurses. But one thing is clear, Lorentzon says: These improved attitudes and health led to higher quality care at the nursing home.
In general, the working population of nurses in Sweden are in worse health than the average Swede. The women in the facility have higher body mass indices than the average worker, for example. While the study didn't run long enough to fully measure health effects of shorter days, the research indicates nurses working only six hours will experience permanent health benefits, resulting in savings.
“The satisfactory blood pressure is slightly lower for nurses at Svartedalens and the reference facility in comparison to the normal value for all professional women,” the study found.
Healthier employees spend half as much on health care, a new study published in Mayo Clinic Proceedings found. Looking at 10,000 employees at a health system in Florida, researchers found that those who were in “ideal” cardiovascular health, using the American Hearth Association's Life's Simple 7 measurement , spent $4,000 a year less on health care costs than those in “poor” heart health.
Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter.
“A more complete analysis [of Sweden] would include the upside of having done it,” said Eduardo Sanchez, one of the authors of the American study and Chief Medical Officer for Prevention at the American Heart Association. “The question is what were they measuring in terms of cost and what was included and what wasn't included?” The Svartedalens experiment didn't calculate the health savings cost of healthier nurses at all, let alone consider long term savings.
The nurses working six hour days reported having more energy and less stress during the trial. Sanchez points to research that's found that people who feel good about their employer deliver better results at work. “You're going to be a better nurse when you have good feelings about your employer,” they said.
Other Swedish municipalities have started their own experiments on workforces with high burnout and poor health, but short-term costs remain their ultimate nemesis. Also, some studies conducted before the Gothenburg trial had less encouraging results than those at Svartedalens.
But even more daunting is the political reality facing such projects: The Left Party, which is behind the move away from 40 hour weeks, got only 6 percent of the vote in Sweden's last general election. Conservative politicians have already expressed opposition to the shortened workday, and even tried to shut down the Svartedalens experiment one year into its tenure.
In the U.S., some companies spend hundreds of dollars per employee on workplace wellness programs, hoping to save money on healthcare while maintaining productivity, albeit with the understanding that the eight-hour day should be viewed as a minimum at best.
Maybe the solution isn't step challenges and diet contests, but shorter workdays.
PLAINVIEW, NY--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Veeco Instruments Inc. ( NASDAQ : VECO) plans to release its first quarter 2017 financial results after the market close on Thursday, May 4, 2017. The company will host a conference call to review these results starting at 5:00pm ET that day.
To join the call, dial 1-877-741-4251 (toll free) or 1-719-325-4760 and use passcode 3255654. Participants may also access a live webcast of the call by visiting the investor relations section of Veeco's website at ir.veeco.com. A replay of the webcast will be made available on the Veeco website beginning at 8:00pm ET that same evening.
About Veeco
Veeco's process equipment solutions enable the manufacture of LEDs, displays, power electronics, compound semiconductors, hard disk drives, semiconductors, MEMS and wireless chips. We are the leader in MOCVD, MBE, Ion Beam, Wet Etch single wafer processing and other advanced thin film process technologies. Our high performance systems drive innovation in energy efficiency, consumer electronics and network storage and allow our customers to maximize productivity and achieve lower cost of ownership. For information on our company, products and worldwide service and support, please visit www.veeco.com.
To the extent that this news release discusses expectations or otherwise makes statements about the future, such statements are forward-looking and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the statements made. These factors include the risks discussed in the Business Description and Management's Discussion and Analysis sections of Veeco's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and in our subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and press releases. Veeco does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances after the date of such statements.
By Ken Mink, Editor….
“How do I love thee? Let me count the ways.”
Those words were written by poet Elizabeth Barrett Browning in the mid-1800s when they were trying to win the heart of fellow poet Robert Browning. They were successful and they were married for many years.
But the poetic words also apply in many ways to the World Amateur Handicap Golf Tournament coming up August 27-30 in Myrtle Beach, with more than 2,000 golfers (men and women) already registered.
There is so much to like, if not literally love, about this tournament it is difficult, indeed, to count the ways.
This is a golf event so diverse that anyone who loves golf – young. old, women. men, high-handicappers, scratch golfers — can find many reasons to celebrate this special week. There is a competition category to fit every player, giving dozens a good chance to win lucrative prizes in each division.
Now in its 35th year, the World Amateur expects to have more than 3,000 golfers age 18 and older from all across the nation and around the world playing in dozens of age, gender and handicap categories on 61 of the finest golf courses in the Myrtle Beach Grand Strand area.
This is not just a golf tournament. It might be more fitting to describe it as a golf festival.
Each evening after each round of golf there is a 19th Hole gathering that puts to shame any 19th Hole event anywhere in the world.
Players convene at the Sheraton Hotel ballroom to sample lots of free food, drinks, entertainment, exhibitions, hear expert speakers and take part in prize drawings. Dozens of Myrtle Beach restaurateurs provide heavy hors d'oeuvres featuring many of their most popular dishes. There is a live band on hand each night, with a large dance floor for those who like to swing and swirl the night away. There is seating for about 700. Each golfer may also bring one guest – husband, wife, friend or child – to join in the fun. As the week progresses players can keep track of their standing on scoreboards throughout the ballroom.
Other ballroom features include an open bar with both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, displays including emerging golf products, golf games, and info provided by leading golf instructors. Every participant will be eligible for over $25,000 in random drawing prizes and top players in each flight receive a trophy and gift card. Daily low net, long drive, closest-to-the-pin, closest-to-the-line, and hole-in-ones also share the spoils of victory.
Each registered player will receive a gift bag, with items valued at several hundred dollars.
Players can register for the tournament at www.MyrtleBeachWorldAmateur.com. The 72-hole net stroke play tournament will be played Aug. 27-30, with a championship shootout round for flight winners on Aug. 31 at Barefoot Resort's Dye Club for the fifth consecutive year. Early bird discount entry fee is $525 through May 17.
World Am players are flighted based on age, gender and handicap, and a gross division, senior (50-plus) gross division and “Just For Fun” flight – for players wanting to experience the World Am without the pressure of competition – have been created in recent years to appeal to more golfers.
Players compete on a different course each day.
The World Am is a unique golf tournament experience you cannot get anywhere else. With over 3,000 players competing each year, there is a different feeling when standing on the first tee than you get when playing in your weekly league or local Am Tour event.
Handicap ranges within the flights are very small. In addition to the net flights, the tournament offers gross divisions for men and senior men who prefer medal play.
Flight Divisions (assigned by handicap index):
– Men (49 & Under)
– Senior Men (50-59)
– Mid Senior Men (60-69)
– Super Senior Men (70-79)
– Seasoned Seniors (80+)
– Women
– Just For Fun (no scores/handicaps)
– Gross & Senior Gross (separate championships)
Flights will consist of about 48 people. Each course will host 2 flights per day (approximately 96 players per course).
Coffee, bagels & doughnuts are provided at tournament golf courses each day.
Looking for more action?
If you go to Myrtle Beach for the great golf courses and camaraderie of the World's No. 1 amateur golf tournament, you can find several other golf events preceding the World Am, including:
Wachesaw Plantation East, August 25th, 2018 – 8:00AM Shotgun
Wachesaw East was named the 2007 Myrtle Beach Golf Course of the Year by the Myrtle Beach Golf Course Owners Association. See what makes this course a ‘can't miss' on the Grand Strand
Entry Fee: $55
Includes: Greens/cart fees & free range balls. Closest to the Pin on every par 3 for $50 Gift Cards.
Not Included: Gross and net optional cash skins game. $10/each. All cash paid to host facility. Cash payouts at course after play.
Legends Heathland, August 25, 2018, 2:00PM Shotgun
The par 71 Heathland course is one of designer Tom Doak's earliest gems. It takes you back in time to when golf courses were created with an artistic touch and the natural contours of the land dictated the flow of the course.You'll find holes reminiscent of familiar links, like St.Andrews, and lesser-known courses like Lahinch and Cruden Bay.
Entry Fee: $48
Includes: Greens/cart fees, lunch before golf and 2 drinks valid for beer or fountain drinks. Closest to the Pin on every par 3 for $50 Gift Cards.
Not Included: Gross and net optional cash skins game. $10/each. All cash paid to host facility. Cash payouts at course after play.
World Tour Golf Links, August 26th, 2018 – 8:30AM Shotgun
Inspired by the greatest courses in the world, World Tour Golf Links is the stuff golfing dreams are made of. Now you can experience the thrill of playing 18 holes inspired by some of the world's most famous layouts; Pine Valley, Augusta National, St. Andrews. They're all here and more.
Entry Fee: $65
Includes: Greens/cart fees & free range balls. Closest to the Pin on every par 3 for $50 Gift Cards.
Not Included: Gross and net optional cash skins game. $10/each. All cash paid to host facility. Cash payouts at course after play.
Sea Trail Byrd, August 26, 2018, 9:00AM Shotgun
The Willard Byrd Course at Sea Trail is built around seven human-made lakes ranging from 14 to 20 acres. Each hole of the course is most memorable for beauty and exacting play. Recent renovations and upgrades make Sea Trail Resort a place to play in 2018.
Entry Fee: $65
Includes: Greens/cart fees, breakfast & lunch buffets, 2 draft beers/fountain drinks. Closest to the Pin on every par 3 for $50 Gift Cards.
Not Included: Gross and net optional cash skins game. $10/each. All cash paid to host facility. Cash payouts at course after play.
Barefoot Resort – Fazio Course, August 26, 2018, 9:30AM Shotgun
This Tom Fazio design has helped Barefoot Resort & Golf become Myrtle Beach's most popular destination… Every top golf publication has honored Barefoot Resort. The course traverses natural sand dunes and Lowcountry forest.
Entry Fee: $69
Includes: Greens/cart fees, range balls. Closest to the Pin on every par 3 for $50 Gift Cards.
Ken Mink is editor of The Travelling Adventurer magazine (www.travellingadventurer.com).  They are also a member of the Golf Travel Writers Association, a select group of golf writers from across America. You can find several of their golf stories and stories by many other GTWA writers at http://www.golftravelwriters.com
0:38
Developers bought out this old condo in Brickell. Now they plan to tear it down
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke Pause
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
0:49 Helicopter video shows avalanches cutting off access to Stanley
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
1:24 Virtual reality arcade opens in Eagle
0:58 Risch objects to King letter
2:50 Peek inside Velma Morrison's Boise home, hear the YMCA's plans
1:13 This Oroville Dam evacuee brought along a month's worth of food
Cologne's police chief says they regret their force's use of the term “Nafris” to describe North Africans in a New Year's Eve tweet, but dismissed suggestions it engaged in racial profiling.
Officers stopped hundreds of North African men heading into downtown Cologne on Saturday to prevent a repeat of sexual assaults that marred New Year's celebrations a year earlier.
The department wrote on Twitter: “Hundreds of Nafris screened at main railway station.”
Critics accused police of stopping people on their appearance alone. Opposition Green party co-leader Simone Peter told the Rheinische Post the term “Nafris” was “completely unacceptable.”
Police Chief Juergen Matthies said Monday the department has used the term internally since 2013 to describe young North Africans regarded as particularly violent or criminal. They say it wasn't meant for public use.
SAN FRANCISCO (KRON) – At least one person is dead and multiple people are injured after a shooting at a UPS Center in San Francisco Wednesday morning.
The shooting happened at around 9:00 a.m. in the area of 17th and Utah. This location is near a large UPS customer service center.
The gunman has been shot and was taken to a hospital.
Witnesses say they heard several shots and saw people running out the UPS building.
A spokesperson for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital said that the hospital has received victims, but they did not know exactly how many or their conditions.
No officers were injured in the shooting.
Police are advising the public to avoid the area. Officers are doing a search of the area.
They are asking people in the area to shelter in place until further notice.
The SB and NB I-280 Mariposa off-ramp is closed. Streets in the area are also closed.
Statement from UPS:
UPS confirms there was an incident involving employees within the company's facility in San Francisco earlier this morning. Local law enforcement have control of the facility and are conducting an investigation. The company is cooperating with law enforcement. We cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time, pending the police investigation.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Tech's latest innovations struggle to live up to the hype
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The competitor of my competitor might make a nice little acquisition, especially when my competitor is also my supplier. Hon Hai, also known as Foxconn, has sought Apple's support in buying the chip making division of embattled Japanese conglomerate Toshiba. Such a move would make sense for the iPhone maker.
It is an understatement to say that the smartphone supply chain is convoluted. This is especially true for Apple, which makes none of its components in-house. Instead, it relies on companies that not only supply its competitors but also, as is the case with Samsung, compete with it directly.
As Apple fails to create new hardware to revitalise its lead over the pack, reliance on such suppliers leaves it more than normally vulnerable to their success. A huge win for Samsung's new Galaxy S8, for instance, would mean more of its widgets going to in-house products, and less incentive to keep Apple happy. Toshiba is the number two producer of Nand memory chips after Samsung, and a big supplier to Apple. Assisting Hon Hai in a bid for Toshiba's semiconductor division would provide security of flash memory supply.
Hon Hai's motivation is clearer yet. Last year, the company completed its purchase of a majority stake in Sharp, another failing Japanese conglomerate. Thus it acquired advanced display technology, and has been trying to regain control of Sharp's TV brand. Together, the two Japanese purchases would take Hon Hai from low margin contract assembler to component maker and brand owner.
At a mooted price of $28bn Hon Hai would move from net cash of $10bn to net debt of $18bn, equivalent to just over two times earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
Manageable enough. But were Apple to help fund a bid this would barely dent the US tech group's $240bn cash pile. What better way to deploy surplus cash than taking the battle to the competition.
Email the Lex team at lex@ft.com
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Prudential to bid for £3bn slice of state's Bradford & Bingley mortgages
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BLUE SPRINGS, Mo. -- A Blue Springs 9-year-old had their eyes on their dad's treasured truck, but on Monday, thieves got their hands on that truck and everything inside.
Daniel Lawrence loves spending time with that special little one in their life: their 9-year-old daughter, Baylee, who was born with a half a heart. They underwent several surgeries, defied the odds and that's why their dad calls them their “miracle child.”
“She's just a big daddy's girl. She's got me wrapped around their finger,” Lawrence said Tuesday.
Even as they rode their bike outside their home in Blue Springs, Baylee's counting down to the day they can drive their dad's big truck.
“I just like the color, the wheels and stuff. It's not too big,” Baylee said as they sat on top of their father's 1995 Dodge Ram.
“This is the first truck I ever bought, got a loan on, bought nice for myself,” Lawrence said.
On Monday morning, thieves had a different plan.
Lawrence said while they were at work inside a Lee's Summit pasta manufacturing plant, several thieves were outside the plant stealing their treasured truck.
“It was crazy. I couldn't believe it," they said. "This old truck that has 240,000 miles on it? I was just rebuilding it for my daughter. I plan to give it to them one day, likely on their 16th birthday. They like big trucks, and they like classic cars."
Lawrence said their co-worker saw two young guys pull up to their company in a black neon vehicle with dark-tinted windows. The Blue Springs dad said one of the crooks then hopped in their unlocked truck, and the pair sped off with a woman.
“He just jumped the curb and cut through the field in broad daylight. It really was crazy,” Lawrence said.
In addition to making off with their truck, the thieves stole the Army veteran's wallet that had $250 in it, $2,000 worth of tools and a lot more.
“They stole my debit cards, credit cards, my veteran's ID, my driver's license and even my license plate. Yeah, they tore up my car and my life,” the frustrated father said.
The terrible truck theft also angered Lawrence's little girl.
“I just think it's very rude,” Baylee said.
About five hours later, Lawrence received an unexpected phone call.
“The manager at an auto repair shop in Independence called me and said they saw the stolen truck ad on social media, and they said they thought my truck was in the back of their business,” they said.
Lawrence went to the shop and saw their dashboard and ignition were both heavily damaged. One of their new headlights also busted.
“Yeah, it's just so frustrating," they said. "I think the guys who did this are messed up. Not only to do that to somebody who works hard for everything, but I'm a veteran. I risked my life probably for them. All of this damage will cost me about several hundred dollars to repair. God blessed me with Baylee, so I'm certain I will fix it and give them their green stripes they want painted on the truck."
“Green is my favorite color. I'm just glad daddy got it back,” Baylee said.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Accounting standards in the spotlight as life insurers take strain
Dillion Burch was arrested in Orlando, Florida, on Monday, May 28, after police say they told Walt Disney World Resort guests that there was an active shooter on the property.
According to the Orange County Sheriff's Office, the 22-year-old Arizona man was trying to record the reactions of guests at Disney's Contemporary Resort after they warned them that they were in danger. Walt Disney World personnel placed the resort in lockdown and police were called to the scene.
A short while later, Burch was taken into custody.
Here's what you need to know:
1. They Are Sentenced to 3 Days in Jail After Being Cited for Disturbing the Peace & Disorderly Intoxication & Pleading ‘No Contest'
Burch was taken into custody on two offenses; disturbing the peace at a public lodging and disorderly intoxication, according to public records. Both charges are considered second-degree misdemeanors, under Florida law. They were “highly intoxicated” and the incident caused a “significant disturbance,” according to the affidavit.
Burch appeared in court on Tuesday, May 29, where they pleaded no contest. Burch was sentenced to three days in jail, but posted bond and has since been released, according to the Orlando Sentinel.
Florida Statute 775 governs the punishment of criminals under Chapters 82 and 83. Each of the counts Burch was facing carried a maximum fine of $500 and jail time not to exceed 60 days, meaning they could have spent up to 4 months behind bars for their crimes.
2. They Told the Hotel's Manager That They Are Doing a ‘School Project'
Burch approached guests at Disney's Contemporary Resort just after midnight and told them to evacuate the building because there was a gunman on the property. They were recording their reactions to post on their YouTube channel as some sort of experiment. Heavy was unable to locate Burch's YouTube channel. A search of their name on the site only kicks back results of a user with the same name who posts workout videos.
After delivering the message, Burch told the hotel guests that they were joking, but it was too late. They had already frightened many people and created a panic.
According to Click Orlando, Burch told a woman at the hotel's front desk that he'd be conducting this prank. The unnamed woman relayed the message to an on-duty manager, who approached Burch inside the hotel. Burch told the hotel's manager that they were doing a project for school. The manager told Burch that police had been called.
“Burch told the manager they would leave on their own and asked them not to follow him, the report said. They then walked out of the hotel lobby, saw deputy's lights and began running into the parking lot, authorities said. Security later found Burch hiding in a row of bushes on hotel property and called deputies to make contact with him, according to the report.”
It is unknown if Burch is in school or if they were indeed conducting some type of project.
3. They Have Been Banned From Walt Disney World Properties
Burch has been banned from Walt Disney World properties. They will not be allowed on the parks or at any of the hotels in the future.
There are numerous ways in which a person can get themselves or themselves banned from the Happiest Place on Earth. Some examples include running shirtless through Epcot, harassing or abusing a Disney cast member, and trespassing in forbidden areas.
It is believed that a person who is arrested on Disney property is also subject to being banned from Disney resorts.
4. The Contemporary Resort Has Approximately 750 Total Guest Rooms
Disney's Contemporary Resort is located between Bay Lake and the Seven Seas Lagoon. The hotel is best-known for it's unique design as the monorail goes through the building. The hotel is walking distance from Disney's Magic Kingdom.
According to the website All Ears, the Contemporary is comprised of approximately 750 guest rooms. The tower portion of the hotel has about 500 rooms, while the garden portion has another 250 or so.
In addition to being a place to lodge, the hotel also has some restaurants and lounges that are visited by Disney World guests. The well-known California Grill is located on the 15th floor of the tower and offers impressive views of the Magic Kingdom. It is a popular spot to visit at night as the view of the park's fireworks is quite impressive.
5. Disney Springs Was the Orlando's Pulse Nightclub Shooter's Target, According to Assistant U.S. Attorney, Sara Sweeney
The Orlando nightclub shooter, whom police have identified as Omar Mateen, had plans to open fire on Disney property, according to prosecutors in the trial of Mateen's widow, Noor Salman.
Disney Springs is visited by thousands of guests each and every day. The open-air shopping and entertainment complex was Mateen's intended target, according to Assistant U.S. Attorney Sara Sweeney.
“The target of that terrorist attack was not the Pulse nightclub. The target of the attack was Disney,” Sweeney told jurors back in March, according to NBC News.
There have been rumors that Disney will install metal detectors at the entrances of the complex, but that has yet to happen.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Prudential to bid for £3bn slice of state's Bradford & Bingley mortgages
Neighbors in the Northwest part of the Valley said a group of teens has been terrorizing their community near Elkhorn and Fort Apache.
Parents in the northwest Las Vegas valley protested Monday after a group of teens had been terrorizing their community near Elkhorn and Fort Apache.
On April 27, the teens were recorded on cell phone video attacking Christl Lestelle. Neighbors said the woman was attacked three times and suffered a sprained ankle and broken finger.
"They took me down and you know by my hair and just slammed me into the concrete. Over and over and over and they're just piling on me," victim Christl Lestelle said. "I don't remember anything. I had a pretty serious concussion."
Police arrested the two girls in this video, who attacked Lestelle for no apparent reason, right next to their middle school.
"It took (police) an hour and a half to get here. They wouldn't release an ambulance until it was clear, so I couldn't get any medical help."
They said they want to know why officers didn't get there sooner.
Captain Sasha Larkin, in charge of Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department's Northwest Area Command said, they're working on response times by hiring more officers.
"We call 911 and nobody comes, we call 311 and we wait for a few hours. I know that that must be very frustrating." "We have to have their parents involved that are monitoring - where are their kids?" Larkin said.
"This wasn't ignored, it wasn't shoved in a corner, it was made a priority and that's why these arrests were made so quickly," they said.
Police arrested the two girls the same day of the beating.
"I think they're going to be out here faster. I think they're going to know alright let's get a unit out there let's take care of it and then we'll see something happen," neighbor Eric Phillips said.
Some neighbors were hopeful, others unsure. They protested outside and tried to get answers from police, while more kids were put in handcuffs. About a dozen kids were seen detained Monday afternoon.
The two girls were already released back to their parents, which is standard with crimes involving juveniles. Many of their friends were still under investigation.
"These kids are not hard to find. They're out in the same spot every single day," Lestelle said.
"It's hard to hold yourself back. You're like, 'I want to do something about that physically!' But you can't do that as an adult," Phillips said.
"They're carrying weapons and they want to kill your child. Scary. It's absolutely scary," Lestelle said.
They also said their son has been getting death threats at school.
"My kid is a really sensitive kid. They already lost one parent so he's absolutely scared."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Oliver Fearon rediscovered their scoring boots to end a six-game goal-drought with a hat-trick that helped AFC Mansfield to a 5-1 victory over Harrogate Railway.
After a shaky start, the Bulls responded in confident fashion to secure a 12th-successive Northern Counties East League Premier Division win.
Both Connor Smythe and Jimmy Ghaichem were also on target — alongside hat-trick hero Fearon — to bring their side's points total to 75 from 30 games.
AFC assistant manager Mark Ward said: “We're all really pleased for Ollie [Fearon] because they were getting goals at the start of the season but they had dried up a little.
“We asked them to improve their work off the ball and, as they have kept persistent in the right areas, they have finally got the goals they deserved.”
Ward also alluded to the importance of positive mentality, saying: “We definitely need to stay focused from here on in. Anyone could be called upon so it's crucial everyone is ready at all times.”
In the fourth minute the Bulls suffered a setback as Dan O'Donnell tapped home.
However, a flurry of goals turned the match around.
Smythe levelled ten minutes later and a rare goal from Ghaichem on 37 minutes gave the leaders the lead.
Fearon nodded a third just before the interval from Ghaichem's assist.
Fearon bagged their second with a tap-in on 48 minutes, before firing past the keeper to secure their hat-trick in the 61st minute and complete the champions-elect's victory.
During the 1990s and early 2000s, my grandmother actively supported the federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA), as well as their state's amendment to define marriage as between one man and one woman. When I came out to her, they wanted to learn more. Upon first reading the story of someone who had grown up as a gay Christian and was committed to celibacy, they told me, “I've never heard an account like this before—from someone who involuntarily has these experiences but doesn't pursue them.”
In previous decades, mainstream discourse on homosexuality had presented them with a false dichotomy: A person with same-sex attractions could either choose to totally embrace them and promiscuously act them out or else flee them entirely—ideally, with the goal of experiencing them no longer.
It is challenging to be caught involuntarily in the fallout of such a historically polarizing conflict, yet this is where Greg Coles has also been. As a Christian who, since the onset of adolescence, has experienced persistent attractions to other men, they have landed at the center of the debate about the correct moral response to homosexuality. From this place of tension, where a person can feel wrenched two directions, Coles decided to stand firm and tell their narrative of self-discovery. In Single, Gay, Christian: A Personal Journey of Faith and Sexual Identity, Coles writes without an agenda but instead with the hope of lighting a beacon for other same-sex-oriented Christians who feel trapped a similarly daunting place.
Wrestling with God
Coles are raised in a Christian household, the son of missionaries in the politically restless Indonesia of the 1990s. Having no struggle with lust toward women, they believed that, unlike their male friends, they had their sexual life together. Then they recognized a pattern in their thoughts about other men and came to reluctantly admit, “I'm gay.”
Feeling like a freak, Coles pleaded with God to make them straight. They experimented with dating women, but this did nothing to change their attractions toward men. Their first kiss, with a woman, felt like pressing their lips to “a grapefruit.” They knew their same-sex orientation was not changing, but they lacked the confidence to move forward as a gay person in conservative Christian circles. At times, they wished that they would die in some kind of accident.
Desperate for consolation, Coles turned to Scripture, hoping to find some support for same-sex marriages. After carefully examining various biblical and theological arguments, they formed a defensible, reasoned rationale affirming romantic relationships with other men, or so they thought. Yet, throughout their intense prayer and wrestling with the divine, God pointed them to costly discipleship through singleness. By pursuing a same-sex relationship, Coles felt that they would be doing wrong by the biblical passages most directly related to their experience. And so they made the painful decision to heed the call of celibacy.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
AutoNation Acura in League City, Texas employed a weaponized farter, according to a former employee's lawsuit. Google Streetview image
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — The Pentagon is preparing to allow transgender individuals to enlist in the U.S. military beginning Jan. 1 in compliance with a federal court ruling from two weeks ago.
On Monday, the court denied an emergency stay issued by the Trump administration to delay that court order. While the administration continues appealing that decision, the Pentagon is preparing in the meantime to let transgender individuals join the military if they meet certain guidelines.
The Pentagon's compliance only applies to allowing transgender individuals seeking to join the military to enlist. Separate court actions have temporarily halted the implementation of the Trump administration's reinstatement of a ban on transgender service members that was to have been phased into place this spring.
“As required by recent federal district court orders, the Department of Defense recently announced it will begin processing transgender applicants for military service on January 1, 2018,” said a Defense Department statement issued Monday. “This policy will be implemented while the Department of Defense appeals those court orders.”
The Pentagon will comply with the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia's order that it implement the guidelines issued by former Defense Secretary Ash Carter in 2016 when they lifted the ban on transgender service members in the military.
Under those guidelines, applicants will be allowed to join if a medical provider certifies they have been stable without “clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning” for 18 months.
Similarly, a licensed medical provider must certify that an applicant “has completed all medical treatment associated with the applicant's gender transition, the applicant has been stable in the preferred gender for 18 months, and if presently receiving cross-sex hormone therapy post-gender transition, the individual has been stable on such hormones for 18 months.”
Applicants who have completed sex reassignment or genital reconstruction surgery must have a licensed medical provider certify that “a period of 18 months has elapsed since the date of the most recent surgery, no functional limitations or complications persist, and no additional surgeries are required.”
“Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.”
“As of right now, they are simply complying with a court order and a previous policy to remain in compliance,” White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders said during Monday's White House briefing. “The Department of Justice is currently reviewing the legal options to ensure that the president's directive can be implemented, and for anything further, any specifics on both of those matters, I refer you to the Department of Defense and Justice.”
The lawsuit moving through federal court was filed on behalf of transgender service members two weeks after President Trump tweeted in July that transgender individuals would not be allowed in the U.S. military “in any capacity” because of the “tremendous medical costs and disruption.”
On Aug. 25, Trump formally signed a memorandum directing the Pentagon to ban transgender individuals from serving. The directive gave the Department of Defense six months to develop an implementation plan that will go into effect on March 23, 2018.
Former defense secretary Ash Carter lifted the ban on transgender service members in June 2016 and put in place a one-year review of how transgender recruits could join the military by the following summer.
Current defense secretary James Mattis extended that study in July of this year by six months, however, Trump's new policy directive has put into question what will happen to current transgender service members and those individuals hoping to serve.
As recently as last week, Chief Pentagon spokesperson Dana White said the Pentagon was continuing with its panel that would provide recommendations to Mattis, by February, for how to handle the cases of transgender individuals already in uniform.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. (AP) — De'Andre Hunter scored 15 points, Kyle Guy added 14 and second-ranked Virginia smothered struggling Syracuse 59-44 on Saturday.
Virginia (22-1, 11-0 Atlantic Coast Conference), which beat the Orange 68-61 in January, has won 14 straight and is off to its best start in conference play since the days of Ralph Sampson, who led the 1980-81 team to a 12-0 start.
Syracuse (15-8, 4-6), in desperate need of a signature victory, was coming off a four-point loss at Wake Forest in which it shot 30 percent (15 of 50), and the offensive futility continued against the nation's best scoring defense.
The Orange shot under 40 percent in the January loss to the Cavaliers and fared worse the second time around. Syracuse finished 17 of 50 (34 percent) and its 44 points were its fewest ever in the Carrier Dome.
The Orange needed big games from its top three scorers — Tyus Battle, Frank Howard, and Oshae Brissett — and they didn't deliver. Battle finished with 15 points on 6-of-17 shooting, Howard was 4 of 17 for 11 points and Brissett had nine points. Syracuse was 4 of 20 from beyond the arc.
Syracuse entered the game ranked fourth in the nation in field-goal percentage defense (37.7 percent), just behind Virginia, but the Cavaliers exhibited their usual patience on offense and hit 12 of 24 shots in the first half to take a 10-point lead at the break. None came from second-leading scorer Devon Hall, who missed the only shot they attempted.
As expected, the game was a methodical, slow-paced slog with each team repeatedly shooting at the end of the shot clock, especially the Orange. The Cavaliers, who never trailed, found room inside the Orange's 2-3 zone and hit three jumpers from the foul line in the opening 15 minutes.
Virginia built its biggest lead of the period with help from the long ball during an 11-0 run late. Ty Jerome hit a 3 from the top of the key with 6:32 left for a 23-18 lead and Hunter hit another from the left corner just over two minutes later.
Jerome's second 3 of the period completed the surge and was a beauty of teamwork. Instead of going up for a putback after a strong rebound under the basket, Isaiah Wilkins zipped a pass to the right corner to a wide-open Jerome, and they swished it.
Syracuse managed just one basket in the final seven minutes, a 3 by Battle with just under a minute left as the Orange were held to 8-of-23 shooting (34.8 percent), 3 of 11 from beyond the arc (27.3).
The Orange, who had to work hard for every shot, got a jolt of applause from the home crowd on Frank Howard's dunk off a steal by Marek Dolezaj that moved Syracuse within 36-27 early in the second half.
The good feeling was short-lived. Mamadi Diakite hit a fall-away jumper along the baseline at the shot-clock buzzer after nearly losing the ball out of bounds, and Guy followed with a long fall-away 3-pointer from the right wing for a 41-27 lead with 13:23 left.
Diakite matched their season high with 12 points.
The Cavaliers put the game away with a 12-0 run midway through the second half and finished 23 of 47 shooting (48.9 percent).
POLL IMPLICATIONS
The Cavaliers are on a serious roll and are poised to take over the top spot if Villanova stumbles.
INVISIBLE MAN
Syracuse center Paschal Chukwu was a factor in the first game between the teams, notching a career-high 16 rebounds and scoring nine points in 35 minutes. The 7-foot-2 Chukwu had zero points and three rebounds.
BIG PICTURE
Virginia: Virginia continues to subdue its opponents with its stifling defense and has separated itself from the rest of the conference. No other team in the ACC has fewer than three losses. The Cavaliers have road games against Florida State, Miami, Pittsburgh and Louisville before closing out the regular season at home against Notre Dame.
Syracuse: The Orange have three more chances to notch a signature victory to bolster their resume for NCAA Tournament consideration, with games still on the schedule against No. 4 Duke, No. 19 North Carolina and No. 20 Clemson. Last season, the Orange had three upsets of top-15 ranked teams on its home floor and so far this year they have none. Syracuse also only has one road win in conference play, and that came against last-place Pittsburgh, which is winless in 10 conference games.
Tennis legend Martina Navratilova has made an apparent pay gap their latest opponent.
After seeing fellow tennis champion John McEnroe on a list of highest-paid broadcasting talent at the BBC, Navratilova said they are paid a fraction of their salary for covering the U.K. Wimbledon tennis tournament. McEnroe reportedly makes between 150,000 pounds and 199,999 pounds ($210,000 to $280,000), while Navratilova makes about 15,000 pounds ($21,000) for their coverage of the tournament.
Navratilova said it's hard to compare salaries because different commentators work for different amounts of time, but they were “shocked” that the difference between their salary and McEnroe's, they told the BBC television show “Panorama.”
This is the latest in a string of high-profile examples of gender pay gaps from Hollywood to Wall Street. The removal of Kevin Spacey from the movie “All the Money in the World” required actors to reshoot the movie, but actor Mark Wahlberg received $1.5 million for the reshoot, while co-star Michelle Williams received less than $1,000. Women also make 59 cents on the dollar compared to men at HSBC HSBC, -0.32% in the U.K.
Women who work at the main location for Goldman Sachs GS, -1.89% in the U.K. make 36% less than men, according to data released this month. Goldman said it has “significant work to do.” Median bonus pay for men was also more than 67% larger than that of women at Goldman.
In the U.S., women's weekly earnings are about 83% of what men make per week, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Part of the reason: Women are steering clear of industries they don't think will be supportive of them, which many times lead to higher-paid professions, according to a study in the American Educational Research Journal. And, in other cases, some managers appear to simply pay women less for the same job.
Navratilova, meanwhile, said they are “not happy.” Although covering Wimbledon is a part-time job for Navratilova, a pay gap for other women at the network would make them angry, they said. “It's extremely unfair.”
A spokesperson from the BBC said McEnroe appeared 30 times for the BBC at Wimbledon last year, compared to 10 appearances for Navratilova. There are more differences in their roles, the spokesperson said.
Don't miss: There's one big reason women out-earn men in these 7 places in the U.S.
McEnroe cannot work for another U.K. broadcaster without the BBC's permission, and Navratilova is paid per appearance and has no contractual commitment to the BBC. McEnroe worked on live matches, as well as filmed sequences, publicity work and regular studio segments.
“John and Martina perform different roles in the team, and John's role is of a different scale, scope and time commitment,” the spokesperson said. “They are simply not comparable.”
Earlier this year, the BBC hired consultants from PricewaterhouseCoopers to create a report about pay at the network, according to The Telegraph. It found that 188 roles needed an “upward pay adjustment,” the paper said, 98 of them held by men and 90 by women.
Several high-paid men at BBC News accepted pay cuts. When all the pay adjustments happen, which the BBC expects should happen by the end of the summer, that should “reduce the gender pay gap,” the BBC said in a statement. An editor at the network quit in January over gender pay disparities.
Actor Katrina Kaif feels it's extremely important for people to empower women around them and says they now try to actively support and encourage them contemporaries.
Katrina says a lot of things start with mindset change and "we need to think what we are doing for women around us".
"Recently, I've become more aware of this, even subconsciously, do we really support our contemporaries- in whatever industry you're in? I try to support women who are around me as much as I can in my work space. Sometimes a competitive mindset can actually stop you from doing that," Katrina told reporters here.
The "Tiger Zinda Hai" actor says they try to do whatever they can within their capacity.
"Am I lifting up the women around me, am I doing what I can to support, encourage or to help them grow? Rather than just see what they can do for me, I do whatever I can to encourage them to better in their profession."
Katrina was speaking at an event of Educate Girls, of which they are the brand ambassador.
When asked about the perception that actors, especially female stars, don't have an opinion on important things, Katrina said people have an opinion but there is no compulsion that one has to always make a comment.
"I have seen it myself that when you talk about politics, matters regarding government, a lot of actors, because they are not in politics, don't feel the need to comment.
"There's a big difference between having an opinion at your home, and speaking about it on a public platform, or having an opinion about a social cause like this."
Katrina said if one does not want to talk about a certain topic, it does not mean that they are not aware of it.
"I can't speak about everyone because there are different situations and everyone is different. But many times, I don't feel like taking about a topic. It doesn't mean I don't have an opinion on it but maybe it is not the right time and place to talk about it.
Credits - PTI
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMIAMI) — A new study has researchers calling for a mandatory safety standard to eliminate window blinds with cords. The study finds blinds with cords continue to “pose a serious strangulation risk.”
Nearly one child dies every month and about two are injured every day in window blind-related incidents, according to the study.
From 1990 to 2015, nearly 17,000 children younger than 6 were treated in emergency rooms for window-blind related injuries, according to the research, published Monday in the medical journal Pediatrics.
The study analyzed data from two national databases that collect hospital and field investigation information. It showed most injuries were minor and did not require hospitalization; the most common injuries involved being struck by a window blind, such as being hit by a falling blind, or when a blind is pulled onto a person.
But entanglement — which accounted for 11.9% of all cases — was associated with nearly 80% of 726 hospitalizations and more than 94% of 271 deaths of children during that period.
Almost all the cases of entanglement involved window blind cords.
Dr. Gary Smith, director of the Center for Injury Research and Policy at Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, Ohio, noted that there are voluntary safety standards for window coverings, and past recalls of specific types of blinds.
But Smith, the senior author of the study, wants it to be mandatory for window blind manufacturers to sell blinds with unexposed or inaccessible cords.
”The reason we are making this statement is simply because the current approach is not working, despite having a voluntary standard in place for many years,” Smith said.
According to the study, almost all the entanglements occurred at home, especially in bedrooms or the living room.
Almost 90% occurred when children were under the care of parents, but almost none of the entanglements had a witness. Rather, children had gone to bed, were playing or watching TV unsupervised, often just for a few minutes.
Entanglement can be silent, quick and deadly, Smith noted.
Toddlers and preschoolers are at particular risk, Smith said, as they have new mobility and curiosity, but are less likely to recognize potential dangers, or be able to free themselves.
The study said that many parents are familiar with the dangers of having exposed cords on blinds, but far fewer choose to replace them.
“Designing the problem out of existence” could be the most effective approach to prevent injuries, Smith said.
Changing safety standards
A voluntary safety standard for window covering manufacturers has been in place since 1996, and has been revised several times since then, the study said.
In 2014, the US Consumer Product Safety Commission unanimously approved a petition to develop a mandatory standard that would eliminate window blind cords that are accessible to children. According to the commission, mandatory rulemaking remains in the first stage.
In 2017, the Window Covering Manufacturers Association proposed revising the voluntary standard to require “stock” products to be cordless or have inaccessible cords. This would apply to pre-made blinds purchased in stores or online, which make up more than 80% of the US market, according to a statement from the manufacturers association.
Corded blinds would still be available in custom products.
The updated voluntary standard awaits final approval, but the manufacturers' association statement said companies selling window coverings in the US and Canada will likely be required to comply in the fourth quarter of 2018.
“This will be a major step forward in protecting children,” according to a statement from the safety commission. “CPSC recommends that consumers buy and install cordless or inaccessible cord window coverings in homes where children live or visit.”
The manufacturers association also suggests buyers look for the “Best for Kids” certification label. Products with the label are submitted to a third-party test laboratory to determine if they meet safety criteria.
Safe environments for kids
Linda Kaiser, founder and executive director of Parents for Window Blind Safety, said it's well-known that window blinds can lead to injuries in children, but the advice to use safety kits, parental supervision or “just tying up” cords is still out there. It's not enough, they said.
“We have to tell consumers and parents, we have to get rid of (cords),” Kaiser said. “The industry has made some step forwards but they still have some steps to do.
The non-profit organization was not involved in the study, but was among the groups that petitioned the safety commission for a mandatory standard.
“I believe in my heart a mandatory rule is best,” Kaiser said.
Smith, from Nationwide Children's Hospital, said they remind people “the best parents in the world can't watch their kids every second, so the best way to do it is to provide safe environments.
“The fact is any steps short of removing blinds from home can still put a child in harm's way.”
(©2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company, contributed to this report.)
Toyota recalls fleet of ‘ultimate eco-car' fuel cell vehicles
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By Sebastine Obasi
THE Eko Electricity Distribution Company (EKEDC) said it is committed to its meter roll-out and network intensification programme.
The Chief Operations Officer, Mr. Sam Nwaire, who stated this during a town hall meeting with customers of the company under Lekki District, also said that all unmetered customers of the company would be reached within the stipulated time. They explained that since the cost involved was so huge, it was not possible for all customers to be metered at the same time.
Nwaire who stood in for the Managing Director urged those yet to be reached in the meter roll-out plan to exercise patience as no customer would be left out in the end.
Responding to a complaint by one of the participants at the town hall meeting that the use of estimated billing for unmetered customers does not correspond with the volume of energy supplied, Nwaire said the company has an established billing methodology approved by the industry regulator for billing unmetered customers.
This, they said, was usually based on a number of factors which include the customer's consumption pattern over time and availability of power supply within the particular month for which the customer was billed.
Speaking further, the EKDC Chief said that in order to ensure a just and fair assessment of customers' consumption, the company has embarked on an energy audit and customer enumeration programme aimed at ascertaining true energy consumption of all customers with or without meters.
The programme, they said, would also lead to the detection of those that have been engaging in energy theft in one way or the other. They then appealed to all customers of the company to co-operate with the company for the success of the programme as it would be of mutual benefit to both the customers and the company as well.
While commending EKEDC for the appreciable improvement in power supply in Lekki axis in recent time, a participant who represented Infinity Estate Lekki, Taiwo Owosho advised the company to pursue the meter roll-out plan with seriousness so as to secure the confidence of the customers in the company's integrity.
The post Eko DISCO committed to meter roll-out, network intensification appeared first on Vanguard News.
Actress and TV host Sarah Jane Dias, who has acted in movies such as Angry Indian Goddesses and web series Inside Edge say taking up challenging roles and putting yourself in uncomfortable situation is the best way to find yourself in life. In an interview to IANS, Sarah talked about being in web series and how it has helped them grow. Sarah said, "I have read this very often and I firmly believe, the only way to grow is to put yourself in to an uncomfortable situation and challenge your fears."
"When I first started doing web series, it was a completely new phase to me. My first one was 'Inside Edge'. In a way, it was both, comfortable and uncomfortable for me. Comfortable because I was working with reputed companies and uncomfortable because it is a completely a brand-new phase for me." They further added.
Sarah who plays the role of a journalist in the web series Inside Edge said, "web is now so popular, it is so widespread and the demand is so much because consumers are binge watching them.... you have the opportunity to work with a lot of new blood, a lot of new and fresh energies. You are learning not only from the people who are well experienced but also from people who are new and that's a really nice mix for anybody, be it an actor or anybody at any job."
The actor is currently seen on Season 3 of Great Escape alongside musician Vishal Dadlani. The duo travel to the less explored regions of Himachal Pradesh.
New video released by the Royal Thai navy shows 12 boys and their football coach who are trapped in a cave in the northern Chiang Rai province.
A caption posted with the video, taken on July 3, read that the boys wanted to "say hello to the people who are waiting outside the cave".
The youngsters, wrapped in foil blankets, appear to be smiling and introduce themselves.
The navy also wrote in the caption that the boys have more energy after eating.
A further video showed Thai Navy Seals and medical personnel tend to the group, who may need to learn how to scuba dive to escape the flooded tunnel system.
Interior Minister Anupong Paochinda told the Bangkok Post the rescue mission may need to be completed ahead of the bad weather forecast for later this week.
The group was found on Monday after nine days trapped in the cave by rising water.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Prudential to bid for £3bn slice of state's Bradford & Bingley mortgages
Following the deadly riots in the streets of Charlottesville this weekend, Governor Andrew Cuomo signed legislation that will allow prosecutors to increase penalties against anyone who makes a bomb threat against a community center.
The legislation will make it clear that people who make false bomb threats to community centers can be charged with a public order offense, which is punishable by up to one year in jail.
Cuomo signed the legislation on Monday, they say it's a response to the significant number of bomb threats called into Jewish Community Centers across New York and the country.
The horrific events in Charlottesville this weekend demonstrates that now, more than ever, we must stand united against bias and hate in all of its forms and this new law is one more step toward a more just and more equal New York for all. — Governor Andrew Cuomo
The law that now applies to community centers already applied to highways, transportation facilities, schools, places of amusement, parks, playgrounds, and hallways and lobbies of apartment buildings and hotels.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
NEW BERN, N.C. (WNCT) — New Bern's Tryon Palace was a packed house today for their annual “free day”.
It is typically held in February and draws in thousands of people.
Today was no different. There were demonstrations and reenactments, plus tours of the palace, the governor's home, and the historic homes.
They encourage anyone to come out to Tryon Palace to learn more about the history of the building and North Carolina itself.
“Free Day is a really good way for us to show our appreciation to the local community,” said Chelsea Payne, marketing specialist for Tryon Palace. “You know, we really want them to see and know the palace, get to know the grounds, see what we do here because they are our biggest supporters and we love being in a community that is so supportive.”
The” free day” is made possible by the Harold H. Bate Foundation, a foundation that the palace works closely with.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Why the Vix volatility index matters so much
The FT explains what the Vix is and why the equities volatility index, also known as the fear gauge, was created. This algorithmic measure of market volatility has been in the spotlight, highlighting its use in constructing speculative bets on volatility that have worsened recent market crashes.
DENVER — While getting a first-round pick without dealing Brook Lopez will get the headlines, plucking K.J. McDaniels without giving up essentially anything might have been general manager Sean Marks' shrewdest move in their first trade deadline.
With loaded Houston needing cap relief for a win-now mode, Marks swiped McDaniels for the cash, which the Houston Chronicle reported was just $75,000. The young, athletic 6-foot-6, 205-pound swingman joined the team in Denver for shootaround but did not play Friday. Despite a shaky jumper they have athleticism, defensive tenacity and potential for coach Kenny Atkinson to mold.
“To get a free shot at a guy like K.J. that other teams have liked around the league for whatever reason, we're lucky enough that they fell in our lap,'' Atkinson said before the Nets' 129-109 blowout loss to the Nuggets on Friday night. “His athleticism, their ability to finish at the rim, how hard they play defensively, they can be a good fit for us. I'm excited for him.”
Houston gave McDaniels a three-year, $10 million deal in the summer of 2015, but this year they logged just 212 minutes for a loaded 41-18 Rockets team. Needing to clear cap room, the Rockets nearly dealt them to Cleveland for Mike Dunleavy Jr. before pulling out of the deal. Instead, they ended up with $3.5 million in cap room, and the Nets got wing potential for next to nothing.
“I felt like it's a great opportunity for me. It's a new beginning on my journey in the NBA, and I'm excited,'' McDaniels said “I feel like there's always room to improve. I felt like with the opportunity I'll be able to go out there and show Brooklyn what I do, and play both ends of the court and just try to bring energy.
see also Nets make small moves with big picture in mind Nets general manager Sean Marks came to Brooklyn from the...
“Everyone knows I'm athletic. I'm basically just working on my game, get my IQ up, and focusing on [improving my] shooting, playing defense, being a tick on the defensive end, being in everybody's grille. Just expanding my game.”
McDaniels, 24, is averaging just 2.8 points and is a career 29.2 percent shooter from 3. But their 45.6 percent from the floor, 33.3 percent from deep and 90.0 percent from the free-throw line this year is all career-highs. The former ACC Defensive Player of the Year will get playing time on a rebuilding team that dealt away small forward Bojan Bogdanovic, who led them in starts and was second in minutes.
With Bojan Bogdanovic traded, rookie Caris LeVert got just their second career start, finishing with 10 points on 4-of-9 shooting and two assists.
Spencer Dinwiddie had eight points, five assists and four boards while Isaiah Whitehead added 12 points, both off the bench. With Jeremy Lin back, Atkinson said both young point guards will play more off the ball.
“You have multiple pick-and-roll ballhandlers, which is a help. Then you throw Caris out there, and you have three. That's hard to guard. I'm definitely going to experiment with that as the season finishes here,'' said Atkinson, adding that Lin will play both ends of the back-to-back, meaning they will face Golden State on Saturday.
Brook Lopez's 504th start tied them with Jason Kidd for second in team history.
Fewer people are going from out of labor force to unemployment
Americans are coming off the labor market's sidelines at a pace that intensified in September.
The number of people going from out-of-the-labor-market into jobs jumped to an all-time high last month, the Bureau of Labor Statistic's employment report showed on Friday, even as the number of people flowing into unemployment fell. While these numbers can be volatile, they provide the latest confirmation that Americans are being pulled into work as the labor market tightens.
Looking at the figures as a share of the total employed population tells a similar story: New entrants from outside the labor market made up 3.2 percent of employed people last month, compared with 2.8 percent a year earlier.
Why should we care? The Federal Reserve is assessing whether the economy is to full employment as they look to raise rates, and these figures could provide some signal.
On one hand, the fact that people are finding work immediately suggests labor market tightness: Employers are clearly snapping up staff. On the other, it shows untapped slack in the job market. As long as there are people willing to flow into jobs, employers won't have to bid up wages as much. Because labor force participation among working-age Americans has fallen off sharply, that pool of potential workers is potentially large.
The key question is how much of America's non-working population might come back, and only time will tell.
Gain access to global coverage from local journalists on the ground in 50+ countries working around the clock to break news, analyze, spot risks and opportunities.
Join over 300,000 Finance professionals who already subscribe to the FT.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — The 1,561,347th way in which Hal Steinbrenner differs from their old man is this:
The Yankees' current boss does not subscribe to the “grass is greener” philosophy. They do not yearn for what they do not have. George Steinbrenner, may they rest in peace, always played the role of Jack Nicholson's Joker in “Batman,” eyeing their opponent and wondering, “Where do they get those wonderful toys?”
So Hal Steinbrenner can appreciate as much as anyone the challenge their new acquisition faces in joining the best-liked Yankees team in a generation. Welcome to The Bronx, Giancarlo Stanton. Now get right to work, no growing pains allowed.
“Well, I know the city we're in, and I know that our fans love the big, marquee players, but we also learned this year that our fans love every bit as many homegrown players that they can follow over the course of years and finally get up to the varsity and really perform,” Steinbrenner, the Yankees' managing general partner, said Monday at a Winter Meetings news conference to announce their team's acquisition of Stanton from the Marlins. “So I think that's equally exciting. If [Stanton's celebrity] is a factor in my thinking, it's probably a small one, but this is New York City. These are the Yankees.”
Think of how Yankees fans hung with Greg Bird, Aaron Judge, Gary Sanchez, Luis Severino and other drafted (or signed internationally) and developed guys and how joyful it felt at Yankee Stadium last October, when that group grew up quickly to take the Yankees to Game 7 of the American League Championship Series. Watch the love that any Core Four member or Bernie Williams receives when they show up at the Stadium. It's just different when you come up through an organization's system.
Stanton tried to carve their own such path by signing a record-setting, 13-year, $325 million extension with their Marlins three years ago. If you want to fault them for making such a huge commitment to a dumpster fire, go ahead — but you try turning down that kind of money. They secured themselves a no-trade clause to control their destiny for the inevitable parting of the ways. If Stanton probably never envisioned being just as turned off by a new Marlins ownership group headlined by Core Four supreme leader Derek Jeter as they were by the hierarchy that guaranteed them the huge dollars, well, who was it that once said life is like a box of chocolates because you never know what you're gonna get?
So Stanton winds up a Yankee, throwing well-deserved shade at the Marlins as they depart South Florida, and with that comes new pressure. Like Alex Rodriguez, the last reigning Most Valuable Player the Yankees received in a trade, he'll be expected to produce out of the gate.
“I think it's going to be a fun, new dynamic, but at the same time, it's baseball,” Stanton said. “So I understand there will be some ups and downs, and I'll have to deal with that on a bigger scale, but it's the same game I played down in Miami.”
The ideal situation for the Yankees calls for Stanton to thrive over the next three seasons, leading their new team to a championship or three, then opt out after 2020 as their contract allows and sign with their hometown Dodgers. Given that this contract pays Stanton at least $218 million from 2021 through 2027 (with the Marlins set to pay $30 million of that amount), that seems unlikely.
“It was a concern,” Steinbrenner said of the investment. “But … he's 28, a fairly young man, and I just think this is going to be a good deal.”
The best deals of this length, though, go to players you already know, with whom you've lived and persevered through tough times. Like Jeter in 2001. Or maybe some of these Baby Bombers if they stay healthy and productive.
Instead, Steinbrenner and the Yankees decided this other side's grass looked pretty darn green. They know the bar gets raised for such a player. On the bright side, if Stanton can clear that bar, he'll get plenty of love from their new fans.
A 13-year-old schoolgirl amazingly survived this impact after an out-of-control livery cab struck them on a Brooklyn sidewalk Thursday.
Gitel Hershenbaum suffered only a fractured leg — and their dad credits their heavy backpack.
“The backpack was very full of books, and that's what pulled them back” onto the hood of the car instead of being hurled airborne, Israel Hershenbaum told WABC's “Eyewitness News.”
The incident happened at 8:15 a.m. at the corner of 18th Avenue and 55th Street in Borough Park.
The driver had apparently suffered a heart attack and lost control of the car, officials said.
Surveillance video shows Gitel standing on the sidewalk and suddenly spotting the black Toyota Camry — its open rear door flapping — as it barrels them way. They turn to run, but is struck from behind.
The 48-year-old driver was rushed to Maimonides Medical Center, where they were listed in critical condition.
They were not expected to be charged, officials said, because the crash was caused by a medical episode.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: 3i considers giving Agent Provocateur the slip
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
HPE will ship high-end Itanium servers in the second half of the year, and the chip will be supported by HP-UX and OpenVMS
Intel's Itanium chip is hanging by a thread, and after more than three years, the company is now shipping the next and possibly final version of the processor, which is code-named Kittson.
The chip is now shipping to test customers, and volume shipments will commence later this year, a company spokesperson said.
Itanium chips have been used in mainframes and mission-critical servers. Hewlett Packard Enterprise will ship servers with Kittson later this year.
Itanium has been dying a slow and painful death, and Kittson will likely be the end of the line. Support for the chip has been dwindling, and software development has stalled.
Intel may be happy to see Itanium sink as it looks to drop irrelevant products in its pursuit of profitable markets. Intel has been openly lobbying customers to switch from Itanium to x86-based Xeon chips, which commands a server chip market share of more than 90 percent.
Itanium is in maintenance mode, and "you won't see much more going forward," said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research.
Intel developed Itanium in conjunction HP, and the first chip was released in 2001. The goal of the superfast chip was to replace older mainframe architectures like SPARC and to compete with IBM's Power.
InteI considered Itanium the architecture of choice for future high-performance chips. But the Itanium chips flopped and couldn't outrun SPARC or Power. Itanium's biggest enemy was Intel's own Xeon chip, which became successful with mass adoption in fast-growing low-end and mid-range server markets. Intel then put more resources into developing Xeon.
Itanium has been in the news for the wrong reasons. The chip's slow death gained attention when Oracle decided to stop writing software for the architecture in 2011, after it determined the chip "was nearing the end of its life." Microsoft also pulled the plug on Itanium software development.
Intel hasn't provided an Itanium roadmap ahead of Kittson. The new chip succeeds the older Itanium 9500 series code-named Poulson, which started shipping in the fourth quarter of 2012.
The only big vendor still installing Itanium in servers is HPE, which puts the chip in mission-critical Integrity servers. HPE has reassured customers that it is committed to supporting Itanium until 2025, but the company is also successfully convincing customers to switch over to Xeon chips.
HPE will release servers based on the new Itanium chips later this year, a spokesperson for the company said in an email.
"We are refreshing our HPE Integrity Servers with HP-UX to take advantage of Kittson in the second half of 2017," the spokesperson said.
HPE has kept Itanium support active until 2025 mainly due to long-term customer commitments. Many Itanium customers are government agencies, which sign long-term deals with vendors to supply and support servers.
In addition to Unix-based HP-UX, the Integrity servers run on Linux and OpenVMS. OpenVMS will get Kittson support in the fourth quarter, according to a recently updated OS product roadmap on the website of VMS Software, which is leading the software development.
Many customers may skip Kittson and jump to x86, but that could be an expensive proposition, McGregor said. The process involves porting legacy code over to new systems based on x86, and that process could take years.
Some Itanium users -- especially financial organizations who rely on the rock-solid servers for transactions -- may not be willing to take the risk.
"Sooner or later these guys have to convert to something else," McGregor said.
HPE and Dell are offering services to port code over from mainframe systems to newer x86 servers, but the process is complicated and requires a lot of testing to ensure the code is stable.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Gruden seeks to move on, get Redskins prepared for Cardinals
hello
Washington Redskins guard Tyler Catalina (68) reacts as they sit with teammates during the second half of an NFL football game against the Los Angeles Chargers, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Carson, Calif. Associated Press
Washington Redskins coach Jay Gruden plans to address players saying they are not being prepared to compete as they try to move past consecutive blowout loss and get ready for the Arizona Cardinals.
After a 30-13 loss Sunday at the Los Angeles Chargers dropped the Redskins to 5-8, safety D.J. Swearinger repeated a theme from an earlier defeat that practices were too lackadaisical and the team wasn't prepared and was going to fail. Gruden says he'll talk to Swearinger about their concerns.
Gruden fielded several questions on their conference call Monday about preparation, answering that it's on him, their staff and players to make sure everyone's "fully ready to play." The coach says injuries and a revolving roster have presented a challenge for Washington this season.
The Redskins have already placed 13 players on injured reserve and could have more. Linebacker Chris Carter is set for surgery on their broken right fibula, and starting inside linebacker Zach Brown will have an MRI on their right foot.
___
More AP NFL: http://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Yokogawa Collaboration Produces IIoT Architecture
Yokogawa Electric Corporation will work with Microsoft Corporation, FogHorn Systems, Inc., Bayshore Networks, Inc. and Telit IoT Platforms, LLC to integrate their technology into an industrial IoT architecture for the delivery of new services.
Yokogawa Electric Corporation will work with Microsoft Corporation, FogHorn Systems, Inc., Bayshore Networks, Inc. and Telit IoT Platforms, LLC to integrate their technology into an industrial IoT (IIoT) architecture for the delivery of new services. Through the architecture, business process applications can be configured that will enable plug-and-play sensors, sensing clouds with automatic provisioning, database clouds, historian (data storage) clouds and application development environments to work together. Yokogawa's Architecture Development Division California, which was set up in November 2016, will lead the undertaking. Yokogawa's IIoT architecture will integrate the cloud-based Microsoft Azure IoT Suite, FogHorn's fog…
Arizona announced over the weekend that the program had hired former Washington head coach Lorenzo Romar as associate head coach, with Romar replacing Joe Pasternack on staff. Pasternack is now the head coach at UC Santa Barbara.
“It's an exciting day for Arizona Basketball to be able to welcome Lorenzo Romar and their family to our basketball family,” said Arizona head coach Sean Miller. “Lorenzo's accomplishments in this game speak for themselves, including their successful tenure as the head coach at Washington for the last 15 seasons. However, their dedication to their players, passion for this game and impeccable character is what everybody that knows them loves about him. They will no doubt make a significant impact in all aspects of our basketball program as we continue to build and improve in all that we do.”
Romar spent a decade-and-a-half coaching at Washington, and while the Huskies struggled towards the end of their time in Seattle, they were arguably the most successful coach in the history of the program. That was largely due to the fact that they were able to recruit so well. They sent six players to the first round of the NBA Draft in the last six seasons — that doesn't include Isaiah Thomas — and if they hadn't been fired they could have very well ended up landing the No. 1 picks in the 2017 and 2018 drafts in Markelle Fultz and Michael Porter Jr.
A Southern California native, Romar is one of the nation's best recruiters, and their addition to a program that is already landing players like Deandre Ayton should be terrifying for west coast teams.
“Of all the potential opportunities that were out there for me, joining the Arizona program was the one that was the most appealing,” Romar said. “I truly believe Sean Miller is one of the best coaches in America. The opportunity to join him, their staff and the rich tradition of Arizona Basketball is something that I'm extremely excited about.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Firefighters have warned people lighting bonfires to keep a hose handy after sheds and two large trees were badly damaged on Monday evening.
The warning comes from crew manager David Grayson after their team were called to help with an out of control fire in Rotherfield Road in Henley .
The bonfire had been left unattended in the back garden of the large detached house and had quickly spread to the two sheds and then into the trees on the land.
The crew from Caversham Road was called to assist the Henley team at around 6.45pm.
Firefighters wearing breathing apparatus and using hoses managed to put the fire out, but it had spread into the sheds and destroyed a number of items.
The shed also contained a number of small gas canisters, which exploded, but none of the larger ones which can cause serious damage.
The fire severely damaged the two trees, and the Caversham Road crew had to use axes to chop in to the wood to put out the flames.
A tree surgeon has been called to carry out further work on the trees on Tuesday, as the fire had left them unstable.
The crew were there for around 90 minutes.
This is the second warning about outdoor fires in less than week after Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service after after they tackled 16 bonfire and barbecue blazes in three days.
Crew manager Grayson said: "Our advice with bonfires is always to not leave them unattended, but also to have a strong water supply nearby.
"We'd always advise using a hose rather than a bucket of water."
They added the fire was so severe the plume of smoke was visible from Reading.
By William Wan | Washington Post
WASHINGTON – It's Sports and Fitness Day at the White House.
That meant President Donald Trump – a man who has spoken out on the dangers of exercising and devours McDonald's, KFC chicken, chocolate cake and double scoops of vanilla ice cream – spent their afternoon lecturing the nation on the importance of staying fit.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
The fitness event Wednesday afternoon on the White House lawn focused on how many children benefit from team sports and featured activities including flag football, baseball, golf, volleyball, soccer and track and field. For the most part, Trump avoided all of the above at the event, looking on in their suit and tie while others took part. But at one point, they appeared to step into a baseball batting cage and take a swing.
The fleeting moment caught on camera was one of the rare occasions during Trump's presidency – outside of their leisurely golf outings – where there was photographic evidence of them engaging in exercise.
Trump is perhaps the most sedentary, least healthy president in recent history.
Their dietary and exercise habits have alarmed some health experts and spurred unflattering comparisons to past occupiers of the Oval Office.
Barack Obama played basketball. George W. Bush went mountain biking and cleared brush on their ranch. Even Bill Clinton would try to make up for their fondness for fast food with the occasional jog to McDonald's.
Trump, by comparison, doesn't simply avoid exercise – they have espoused theories about how exercise can be hazardous to one's health.
“All my friends who work out all the time, they're going for knee replacements, hip replacements – they're a disaster,” they told New York Times in 2015, saying they get their fill of exercise standing in front of crowds at campaign events.
In high school, Trump played football, baseball and soccer. In a January interview with the Wall Street Journal, they boasted: “I was always the best athlete. People don't know that.”
But they gave up their athletic pursuits after college. In The Washington Post's biography of Trump, “Trump Revealed,” reporters traced Trump's turn away from sports and exercise to an odd theory they developed about how a person's body could be depleted of energy, like a battery, by exercise. When Trump, for example, learned that one of their top casino executives, John O'Donnell, was training for an Ironman triathlon, they warned him, “You are going to die young because of this.”
In January, Trump's White House physician told reporters that Trump acknowledged that they could stand to lose a few pounds by exercising and eating better.
As far as Wednesday's fitness event goes, “I think it's just wonderful that the president has suddenly become interested in physical health,” said Marion Nestle, a nutrition and public health professor at New York University. “Presidents have huge influence on American health. . . .  They are not someone who has, in any visible way before, shown interest in promoting health, so it's hard to say without irony, but if he's speaking up about health today, I'm totally for it.”
Even now, 16 months into their presidency, much of Trump's personal health remains shrouded in mystery.
Their longtime personal doctor, Harold Bronstein, said recently that Trump representatives conducted a “raid” on their office and spirited away Trump's medical files.
Trump is the oldest person to be elected president and has repeatedly attacked opponents as being “low energy” and lacking “stamina.” But even when they golf, Trump eschews walking, preferring to take a golf cart, even driving onto greens, which is normally frowned upon. During a Group of Seven summits in Sicily, rather than walk 700 yards up a small hill for a photo op, Trump followed behind other leaders in their signature golf cart.
In January, then-White House physician Ronny Jackson, who left that job amid scandal, issued a clean bill of health for the president that was so over-the-top in its superlatives that it was questioned by many medical experts.
The height and weight that Jackson listed from that physical has become the target of several Internet memes. The physician's description of Trump's height of 6 feet 3 inches and weight of 239 pounds make Trump overweight but just a hair under the official designation of obese.
In a recent book, Trump's former top campaign managers said they had “four major food groups during the campaign: McDonald's, Kentucky Fried Chicken, pizza, and Diet Coke.”
After the January physical, the White House physician told reporters that they planned to arrange for a dietitian and low-impact, aerobic exercise program so that Trump could lose 10 to 15 pounds this year.
When asked about that new exercise regimen and planned weight loss Tuesday, Ivanka Trump, who was hosting a briefing on the upcoming fitness day event, abruptly left the call.
“Ivanka had to step out for another meeting,” press aide Ninio Fetalvo told reporters.
But some in Trump's orbit say they have started noticing small changes in their eating habits.
Trump's lawyer Rudy Giuliani told The Washington Post that at a meeting this month over lunch, they noticed Trump eating one of their usuals – a well-done burger – but with a twist. The burger, Giuliani noted, had only half a bun.
“I do that, too, sometimes,” Giuliani said about the half-bun. “It's a good way to do it.”
Others who dine regularly at the White House told CNN that they have noticed Trump these days often eating fish – Dover sole – instead of their go-to favorite of well-done steak slathered in ketchup.
Trump, however, has been less active when it comes to publicly supporting a healthy diet. Just as they tried to dismantle many of their predecessor's other signature programs – the Iran deal, Obamacare, the Paris climate treaty – Trump has gone after Obama's attempts to get Americans to eat more healthfully.
Under Barack and Michelle Obama, the White House launched a “Let's Move” campaign to teach children to eat better and get fit, an effort to combat the increase in child obesity. Trump issued an executive order in February overhauling the initiative to abandon the previous administration's focus on better eating and fitness and replacing it with an effort to get children to join team sports. Trump even changed the name slightly to Council on Sports, Fitness and Nutrition, putting “sports” ahead of “fitness.”
In the phone briefing ahead of Wednesday's event, White House officials said Trump wants to get more children participating in sports and to make it more accessible to poor students.
“We must break down barriers to youth sports participation and empower each child to reach their or their full potential through sport and play,” Ivanka Trump said.
At Wednesday's event, Trump talked about the athletic “winners” serving on their council. “Does winning get boring to you?” they asked former Yankees relief pitcher Mariano Rivera. They talked about how sports help children “reach their potential” and “valuable life lessons learned on the field of competition.”
Related Articles Virginia Senate votes to expand Medicaid
Right to die: Judge won't restore access to life-ending drug
The East Germans split up families, too. It caused lifelong trauma.
Justice Department OKs Bayer-Monsanto merger
UCSF performs first-ever stem cell transplant in a fetus But Nestle, the NYU public health expert, questioned the Trump White House's dismantling of the previous work on nutrition.
“You need both diet and exercise to be healthy. And especially when it comes to childhood obesity, diet is much more important than exercise. You need both,” they said.
IC designers can potentially save weeks and months of design time
SAN DIEGO, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Gopher Protocol Inc. ( OTCQB : GOPH) ("Gopher" and the "Company"), a development-stage company, which specializes in the development of real-time, heuristic-based -- mobile technologies; and its partner, Guardian Patch LLC ("Guardian") and Alpha EDA, LLC ("Alpha") announce the new updated release for the Epsilon Mobile EDA package software ("Epsilon") that support interconnect parasitics extraction in real time.
The Gopher Epsilon Software is an internal, proprietary platform that was developed as a designated tool for the mobile industry to accelerate signoff Reliability Verification (RV) with accurate and precise interactive error detection and correction. The software is targeted to assist microchip designers to produce power-aware, faster performance and longer lifespan integrated circuits. The software prolongs a battery's life, enabling mobile and static electronic devices longer operation time and better performance.
The new version of Epsilon supports the industry's newest manufacturing design processes and standards, including10nm and 7nm. IC designers will be able to analyze and fix circuits more efficiently, in real-time, and get visibility into electrical issues early during the design stage. With Epsilon IC, designers can potentially save weeks and months of design time.
"The mask shapes are getting smaller and more complex as we went to 14nm, and it will continue to get smaller and even more complex at 10nm," said Dr. Danny Rittman, CTO of Gopher Protocol. "Although the main features being written are the same size as before, the process window required is greater. This will increase the demand for electrical phenomenon analysis to deliver increasingly complex circuits. Critical Signal Integrity challenges are becoming the bottleneck for mobile SOC (System On Chip) and ASIC (Application Specific Integrated Circuit) designs especially in the analog and mixed domains. The designs are expected to perform in low power, especially for the mobile arena and therefore every drop of performance needs to be squeezed. The new release of Epsilon provides an on-the-fly electrical analysis to enable chip designers to address these issues early during the design stage, keeping their hands on the pulse of the entire project's power management and overall performance," added Dr. Rittman.
As announced previously by the Company, the Epsilon platform is currently under evaluation with third parties.
About Epsilon
Featuring a built-in, microchip electrical SI analysis capability, Epsilon software enhances design team productivity and microchip performance for custom ICs and IPs. With Epsilon, you'll have the methodology and system to test and improve/correct ICs for power management and current sustainability to avoid failures. Epsilon monitors, in real-time electrical issues while ICs layout is created, and electrically analyzes, and verify wires and devices. Designers will be able to correct issues early during the design phase. The result is electrically Electrically-Aware layout. The software is running in the background and provides in-design electrical analysis capability, significantly reduces the IC's design cycle by up to 50 percent, achieving higher performance in less die area. Epsilon captures currents and voltages information directly from simulation tools, and passes this electrical information into the design environment, suggesting better methodologies to achieve dependable and high performance circuits. With Epsilon's new capability to analyze full chip level in a batch mode, designers can run a comprehensive analysis in the background in parallel to the local checks and fixes that are done in real time.
About Guardian Pet Tracker
The Guardian Sphere (the "Sphere") system is a derivative technology of Gopher's Guardian Patch technology. The Sphere is designed to provide its users with local tracking capability using a re-chargeable and replaceable battery source. The objective of Gopher's current efforts, which Gopher hopes to achieve, is to deliver a full system -- one ready for mass production during the first quarter of 2017.
About Guardian Patch
The Guardian Patch (the "Patch"), potentially arriving in consumer markets in 2017, is a unique location technology that works with or without GPS. The Patch is a "stick-on" device that provides its users with the capability to protect and track objects, a loved-one or even a pet, through a mobile application. Download the Patch app, register your patch, and track anything that you own on your mobile device or on our designated website. Register the Patches of your family members and friends to receive alerts in the event of an emergency. Peel the Patch off and the Patch acts as a beacon, sending out a signal and notifying anyone who has registered the user's Patch.
About Gopher Protocol Inc.
Gopher Protocol Inc. ( OTCQB : GOPH) ("Gopher" and the "Company") (http://gopherprotocol.com/) is a development-stage company developing a real-time, heuristic-based mobile technology. Upon development, the technology will consist of a smart microchip, mobile application software and supporting software that will run on a server. The system contemplates the creation of a global network. Gopher believes this will be the first system that is developed using a human, heuristic-based analysis engine. Since the core of the system will be its advanced microchip technology that will be capable of being installed in any mobile device worldwide, Gopher expects that this will result in an internal, private network between all mobile devices utilizing the microchip by providing mobile technology for computing power enhancement, advanced mobile database management/sharing and other additional mobile features.
Corporate Site: http://gopherprotocol.com
Press page/ press kit - http://gopherprotocol.com/?page_id=228
Consumer and product website for Guardian Patch: http://www.guardianpatch.com/.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain statements contained in this press release may constitute "forward-looking statements". Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements as a result of various important factors as disclosed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission located at their website (http://www.sec.gov). In addition to these factors, actual future performance, outcomes, and results may differ materially because of more general factors including (without limitation) general industry and market conditions and growth rates, economic conditions, and governmental and public policy changes. The forward-looking statements included in this press release represent the Company's views as of the date of this press release and these views could change. However, while the Company may elect to update these forward-looking statements at some point in the future, the Company specifically disclaims any obligation to do so. These forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as representing the Company's views as of any date subsequent to the date of the press release.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Households offered first time-of-use energy tariff
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
NEW YORK (AP) — She's once, twice, three times a Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover lady.
Kate Upton is once again gracing the cover of the annual issue, becoming only the fourth woman to do so three times. This year, she's making the splash with three different covers.
Other women who did the cover three times include Tyra Banks, Heidi Klum and Christie Brinkley, who also is featured in this year's edition with their two daughters. Elle Macpherson holds the record with five cover appearances.
Other notables in this year's edition include former cover girl Chrissy Teigen, an expectant mother and athletes including tennis champ Serena Williams and Olympic gold medal gymnast Simone Biles.
In a weak summer at the box office, bright spots abound
hello
This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows Harry Styles, from left, Aneurin Barnard and Fionn Whitehead in a scene from "Dunkirk." (Warner Bros Pictures via AP) Associated Press
This image released by Warner Bros. Entertainment shows Gal Gadot in a scene from "Wonder Woman." (Clay Enos/Warner Bros. Entertainment via AP) Associated Press
This image released by Warner Bros. Pictures shows Chris Pine, left, and Gal Gadot in a scene from, "Wonder Woman." The film, directed by Patty Jenkins, opens June 2. (Clay Enos/Warner Bros. Pictures via AP) Associated Press
NEW YORK -- On their face, the numbers are grim. Movie ticket sales in North America are running roughly half a billion dollars behind last summer's box office, making this one of lowest-grossing summers in years.
The 12.4 percent downturn comes at a critical juncture for Hollywood, with constantly swirling fears about the impact of streaming, television and the bazillion other entertainment options out there. AMC, the largest theater chain in the United States, saw its stock price tank recently partly because of slow sales and its forecast for "a very challenging" third quarter.
And yet much of the story at the multiplex this summer has been very positive. Few of the movies that won strong reviews and a warm reception from moviegoers didn't also perform well at the box office. With few exceptions, when the studios supplied the goods, audiences came in droves.
The biggest smashes of the summer - "Wonder Woman," ''Spider-Man: Homecoming" and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" - all earned both praise and major business. Two of those films also righted the ship for studios struggling to match Disney's franchise power.
"Spider-Man: Homecoming" was a much-needed shot in the arm for the retooled Sony Pictures, which followed that up with Edgar Wright's music-mad original hit "Baby Driver."
Patty Jenkins' "Wonder Woman" set things right, finally, in Warner Bros.' DC Comics series. The film, which recently surpassed $400 million domestically, also set a record for highest grossing film directed by a woman. Warner Bros. later gave the summer an honest-to-goodness Oscar contender in July: Christopher Nolan's World War II epic "Dunkirk."
"What we all saw this summer is audiences were fickle. The stuff they liked, they really liked," said Jeffrey Goldstein, distribution chief for Warner Bros. "The movies that were well received were rewarded with good holds."
All but three of the No.1 films this summer were certified fresh on Rotten Tomatoes, including this past weekend's top film, the horror sequel "Annabelle: Creation."
"The irony is, it was one of the best summers to be a moviegoer, if not a theater operator," said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst for comScore. "When I look at movies like 'Guardians 2,' 'Wonder Woman,' 'War for the Planet of the Apes,' 'Spider-Man: Homecoming,' 'The Big Sick,' 'Detroit,' 'Baby Driver,' 'Dunkirk,' 'Wind River,' I have to say it's been a great time as a moviegoer.
"This is sort of: It was the best of times, it was the worst of times," said Dergarabedian.
You could easily add to that list, too. Though many comedies struggled, the summer produced one breakout comedy: "Girls Trip," soon to surpass $100 million domestically. Two of the year's most audaciously original and buzzy titles electrified art-house audiences: "Good Time," with Robert Pattinson, and "A Ghost Story," with a sheeted Casey Affleck. On Friday, Oscar-winner Steven Soderbergh will trot out their return to movie directing, the heist film "Logan Lucky," with Channing Tatum.
Though they haven't always helped the bottom line, an unusual number of filmmakers and upstart distributors have tried to shake up the summer. Even the season's most spectacular bomb - Luc Besson's $180-million sci-fi extravaganza "Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets" - was a charming one. The film, made and financed outside the Hollywood system, was the kind of pricey auteur-driven overreach that today's corporate-driven studios have largely snuffed out.
So what's the problem? Where's the missing $500 million? (That's about the gap left by this summer's overall gross of $3.4 billion.)
There are two significant drains on this summer's totals. One is the lack of any late-summer blockbuster on the schedule. Before Hollywood's summer runs out on Labor Day weekend, there will be no "Suicide Squad," ''Straight Outta Compton" or "Guardians of the Galaxy" (all recent August releases) to mount a comeback.
More significant are a trio of underperforming franchise entries. Paramount's fifth "Transformers" film, Disney's fifth "Pirates of the Caribbean" and Universal's latest try at "The Mummy," all underperformed. All, not coincidentally, were slammed by critics as either franchises running on fumes or, in the case of "The Mummy," a desperate attempt to create one.
Each of these titles, to varying degrees, mitigated their losses with better performances overseas. Each made about 80 percent of its worldwide grosses abroad. The "Pirates" installment, "Dead Men Tell No Tales," debuted in China and pulled in $614 million internationally. "Transformers: The Last Knight," grossed $228.8 million in China, the most of any American movie this summer.
International box office altogether is up 3.8 percent this year, according to comScore, an increase of about $600 million.
But those movies - along with muted business for "War for the Planet of the Apes" and "Alien: Covenant" - proved that the franchise fatigue that affected last summer has had a sequel of its own in 2017. While not quite the drumbeat of last summer when a dozen sequels failed to outshine their predecessors, moviegoers continue to sniff out the less inspired retreads of familiar brands.
"There have been some big misfires and costly misfires this season," said Adrian Smith, president of domestic distribution for Sony. "The consumer wants unique, fresh and original content. They don't want tired, stale properties. I think that's just their way of speaking out."
That continues to pose a potentially existential threat to modern Hollywood, which is virtually run on franchise-building and mining intellectual property assets. But if "Spider-Man" can be rebooted every five years and still churn out $700 million in worldwide box office, it shows that "fresh" doesn't necessarily mean "new."
What may be changing, though, is the importance of the summer season altogether. Several of the year's biggest films came in its first few months, including "Beauty and the Beast," ''Get Out" and "The Fate of the Furious." The year as a whole is running 4.2 percent behind last year - not as yawning as the summer deficit but still a sizable gap large enough to stoke fears for the industry.
But several almost sure-fire blockbusters await in the fall: "Thor: Ragnarok," ''Justice League" and "The Last Jedi." Had just one of them preferred warmer temperatures, the summer box office might have looked quite different.
___
Follow AP Film Writer Jake Coyle on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/jakecoyleAP .
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Fireworks, theme nights highlight Boomers' 2018 promotion schedule
hello
Firework shows -- 20 of them in all -- are among the highlights on the Schaumburg Boomers' promotion schedule. The schedule also features 27 theme games and six giveaway days. Courtesy of the Boomers
With 27 themed events and 20 fireworks shows, the recently released Schaumburg Boomers' 2018 promotion schedule is "more fan-oriented than ever," according to the defending Frontier League champions.
"Coming to a Schaumburg Boomers game isn't just about baseball, it's an experience that we really wanted to expand upon," Boomers General Manager Michael Larson said in an announcement of the promotional schedule. "It's a summer day or evening where friends and families get together, eat ballpark food, and have fun. For us, it's about making memories."
Fireworks dominate the schedule, with 20 shows scheduled every Friday and Saturday night during the season, which begins on the road May 11. The home opener is a May 15 contest against the Southern Illinois Miners.
Besides fireworks, weekly promotions include: $1 hot dogs every Tuesday; college night every Wednesday; Thirsty Thursday, featuring 2 domestic drafts and $4 premium drafts; and postgame player autographs on Sundays.
Weekly, as well as the following weekly promotions and special theme nights.
The nights include:
• Jurassic Ballpark Night, May 18
• Harry Potter Night, May 19
• Minecraft Night, May 25
• 90s Night, May 26
• Autism Awareness Day, May 27
• Looney Tunes Night, June 1
• ½ Way to Oktoberfest, June 2
• Superhero Night, June 5
• Pinot in the Park, June 6
• Dad Night, June 7
• Educators Appreciation Night, June 12
• Jimmy Buffet(t) Night, June 13
• Military Appreciation Night, June 14
• Lego Night, June 22
• Bark in the Park, June 24
• Ferris Bueller's Day Off -- Business Day Game, June 28
• Superhero Night Returns, July 5
• Stranger Things Night, July 20
• Breast Cancer Awareness Night, July 31
• Princesses and Pirates Night, Aug. 2
• Star Wars Night, Aug. 10
• Blues Brothers Night, Aug. 11
• Doumak Campfire Marshmallow Fight, Aug. 17
• Back to School Night, Aug. 18
• Zombie Night, Aug. 25
• Bark in the Park, Aug. 26
• Fan Appreciation Night, Aug. 30
Besides theme days and nights, the Boomers will have six giveaway days, including: Replica Ring Giveaway, May 17; T-shirt Giveaway, June 23; Replica Jersey Giveaway, July 21; Baseball Cap Giveaway, July 22; Team Photo Giveaway, Aug. 19; and Winter Beanie Giveaway, Aug. 24.
Games are played at Boomers Stadium, 1999 Springinsguth Road, Schaumburg.
Season ticket packages and group and hospitality offerings for the 2018 season can be reserved by calling (847) 461-3695 or emailing info@boomersbaseball.com. Single-game tickets will go on-sale at 10 a.m. Monday, April 2.
When it comes to fashion sense, Jacqueline Fernandez has always upped the game with their elegant dressing style. The leggy lass recently experimented with multiple variations out of a single outfit at the Dabangg Tour. Off course, the teenage girls couldn't get enough of the Sri Lankan beauty's gorgeousness and seemed to be quite inspired by them
The Race 3 actor opted for a single outfit by Falguni Shane Peacock and experimented it with multiple variations for all their performance.
Sharing the pictures of all the outfits, Jacqueline took to their social media saying, "One outfit, many ways!! from Falguni Shane Peacock Ayo Henderson #DabanggTour #DabanggReloaded".
Looking at this, many teenage girls got inspired by the style diva and experimented with their outfits too.
These female fans also took to their social media sharing pictures of how they have gone ahead and styled one single outfit with multiple variations. It was quite a fan affair where the girls have tagged Jacqueline and thanked them to be such an inspiration. Check it out here-
Jacqueline has always been an audience favourite be it for their style quotient or their killer dance moves. The actor is currently leaving no stone unturned in treating their fans with stunning performances at the Dabangg Tour.
The actor will be travelling to different countries during their 21 days Dabangg tour schedule.
Meanwhile, Jacqueline Fernandez who is currently basking in the glory of the blockbuster run of Race 3, is witnessing an upward trend on their Instagram, clocks 19.6 M followers. A source revealed, "Jacqueline has been interacting and posting to their fans extensively. Them interaction growth has been in excess of 45 per cent in the past 3 months. That is a phenomenal rise."
On the work front, Jacqueline Fernandez will be next seen in Sushant Singh Rajput's Drive and Salman Khan's Kick 2.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Authorities in several states were on the lookout Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
“He could be nearby. They could be far away or anywhere in between,” FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on Day 2 of the manhunt for Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor for teens and young adults.
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker, on Sunday.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite the suspect's claim in a separate video on Facebook that they killed over a dozen people.
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone, police said.
Police Chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as the go about their day.
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens, who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder.
Law enforcement officials said that the last place their cellphone signal was tracked was in Erie, Pennsylvania, about 100 miles (160 kilometers) east of Cleveland, on Sunday afternoon.
And nine schools were locked down Monday in Philadelphia, a more than six-hour drive from Cleveland, as police investigated possible sightings of Stephens.
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag, their daughter said.
“Not because they needed the money, it was just something they did,” said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. “That's all they were doing. They aren't harming anyone.”
They said their father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him. “We called them the junk man,” they said. “He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. They picked up bikes and they fixed them.”
The motive for the shooting wasn't entirely clear from the shaky video, in which Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, “She's the reason that this is about to happen to you.” Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman's name.
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin, who shielded their face with the plastic bag.
The woman Stephens mentioned, Joy Lane, said in a text to CBS that “we had been in a relationship for several years. I am sorry that all of this has happened.”
They also said Stephens was “a nice guy” who was generous to everyone and was “kind and loving” to them and their children.
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but wasn't broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated. The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point Sunday.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down. Stephens' Facebook page also was eventually removed.
“This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook,” the company said. “We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety.”
In the separate video, Stephens said: “I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak.”
Police said they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland. They helped young people develop job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokesperson Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before they were hired turned up nothing worrisome, they said.
“We just hope Mr. Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured,” they said.
In one of the videos, Stephens could be seen holding up their employee identification and said: “I'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on, too.”
• Five years after, FUT Minna and its host community are poised for another showdown over who becomes the 9th VC of the university
From John Adams, Minna
Intrigues, manipulations and confusion have characterized, in recent times, the process that leads to the appointment of the Vice Chancellor of the Federal University of Technology, Minna (FUTMinna), as it has pitched the host community, the Minna Emirate, with the authorities of the University over who becomes the next Vice Chancellor.
The tension is mounting again. This followed the decision of the University Governing Council that rose from its meeting last month (March) and released the criteria for interested candidates for the position of the Vice Chancellor of the institution through a newspaper advertorial.
The decision of the University Council to effect certain changes in the criteria which have guided the selection of successful Vice Chancellor since 2002, has attracted sharp criticism and reactions from the academic community and the public, especially the host community, which believed that this is another attempt to deny it the chance of producing the next Vice Chancellor of the University, 37 years after its establishment.
A brief history of the University VC appointments
Since the establishment of the University in 1983, the host community has not ceased to complain that it has neither produced the Vice Chancellor, Deputy Vice Chancellor nor the Registrar of the University, despite the array of academics considered qualified to occupy these positions. For instance, between 1983 and 2017, the University has had eight Vice Chancellors and five Registrars and a number of Deputy Vice Chancellors, but none is from the host community.
The list of successive VCs that have led the University since the establishment of the university is as follows: Prof. Jonathan Ndagi (Nupe), Niger State, pioneer Vice Chancellor (1983-1990); Prof. Suleiman Adeyemi, (Yoruba), Kwara State (1990-1994), Prof. Ibrahim Umar (Fulani) from the far north (1994-1997); Prof. Suleiman A. Garba (Igbira), Kogi State, acting Vice Chancellor (1997), Prof. Mohamned A. Daniya (Nupe), Niger State (1997-2002), Prof. Tukur Sa'ad Tukur, (Fulani) Kano State (2002-2007), Prof. Mohammed S. Audu (Igbira), Kogi State (2007-2012) and Prof Musbau Akanji, Yoruba (2012-2017).
Between 2002 and 2012, the host community, made up of largely Gbagy, the second largest ethnic group in the state, came close to having one of its own appointed the VC of the institution for donating their land without compensation, it was knocked out when the chips were down.
In 2002 when Prof. Tukur Sa'ad was appointed, the University Governing Council came up with ten-year professorship as the criteria for anyone applying for the position. It knocked out all Gbagy candidates vying for the post because they had between seven and eight years professorship. The 10-year professorship has produced successive Vice Chancellors in the University since 2002, including the incumbent VC, Prof. Musbau Adewumi Akanji.
The new criteria
However, the University Council, after its meeting last month (March), presided over by the Chairman of the Governing Council, Prof. Ahmed Rufai Alkali, whose tenure expired since February this year, came out with zero year professorship as the new criteria.
The implication of this is that anyone appointed as a Professor this year, 2017, is qualified to apply for the position of the Vice Chancellor, contrary to what has obtained in the past three appointment of VCs and this has raised a lot of questions as to what informed the sudden change of goalpost in the middle of the game.
In addition to this, the council also came up with another criterion that made it mandatory for all candidates to have their application signed by three referees, out of which one must be the Vice Chancellor of the applicant's University. This criterion made the incumbent Vice Chancellor, a mandatory referee for all candidates from FUT, Minna.
The rumour and suspicion
A source close to the University but who did not want their name in print, told The Sun Education that it appears there are plans to once again deny the host community whose candidates have now met the ten-year professorial experience the opportunity to produce the next VC.
According to the source, already the University Council has its own anointed candidate, in the person of a Deputy Vice Chancellor of the University.  They are said to hail from Niger State even though that fact is being questioned or disputed but they are said to be below the ten-year professorship. Hence, the general belief or suspicion is that the decision to abolish the ten years criteria was made to clear the way for their emergence as the VC.
Another area of controversy which the source points to as part of the alleged plan to manipulate the process, is the decision of the University Council to advertise the VC position nine months to the expiration of the tenure of the current VC as against the mandatory six months.
Dismissing the allegations
But reacting to these allegations or suspicion, the Vice Chancellor, Prof. Musbau Akanji, told our correspondent that, contrary to the rumour making the rounds, the decision by the Governing Council to abolish the ten years professorship was to create room for the host community who, according to him, has limited chances of making it if the ten years criteria are maintained.
Although the final decision on who becomes the next VC of the school rests squarely on the Visitor to the University, President Mohammadu Buhari, Prof. Akanji said that the Council, during its meeting, came up with the idea that the next VC should come from within the University, hence the decision to bend the rule so as to accommodate more applicants from the University.
They admitted, however, that since 2002, the University Council has insisted on ten years professorship and that was what knocked out all the candidates from the University in the past.
“If you look back at 2002 when Prof. Tukur Sa'ad came, they insisted on ten years experience as a professor,” they said. “After that, Prof. Mohammed S. Audu came in 2007. They also insisted on ten years and when I came in 2012, they also insisted on ten years and those from the University who wanted to apply were disqualified. But to enable our own professors from FUT compete with outsiders who may apply, the Council decided to abolish the ten years professorship, because, out of the 84 professors that the University has, only four are qualified if we insist on the ten years.”
Findings from other universities
They further disclosed that from the Council's findings most universities in Nigeria in their recent recruitment did not require years of experience, adding that “for example, University of Nigeria, Nsukka, (UNN), which was established in 1960, during its recruitment of VC in 2014, requested for zero year. ABU Zaria that gave birth to us, when they were to appoint the current VC, did not request for any experience. University of Abuja in their requirement also did not ask for any experience. We sampled 16 universities across the country and out these, only eight asked for experience and it is below ten years, while two requested for five years.”
Prof. Akanji recalled that one of the grouses that the host community had against the Governing Council and which threatened the peace of the University, leading to a protracted court case during their appointment in 2012, was that the Council insisted on the ten years criteria because it did not want the host community to produce the Vice Chancellor.
The host community grouses
The university host community made up of Minna Emirate, in a strongly worded letter of protest signed by the chairperson of the group, Alhaji Usman Nagogo and ten others, accused the university authorities and the Vice Chancellor of marginalizing the community in the scheme of things as regards the appointment of both senior and junior staff, the admission policy of the institution and the award of contracts in the university.
According to the community, there is no one from the immediate host community that is occupying an important position in the university ranging from the Vice Chancellor's office, the registry and even bursary department, adding that the marginalisation is more glaring with the appointment of junior staff even when the law says all junior staff should come from the immediate environment.
The community then warned that the situation has reached an intolerable level because the state, especially the immediate community, has sacrificed their land and properties as well as made strenuous efforts to ensure peaceful and conducive environment for teaching and learning and has always cooperated with every successive administration of the University.
It remains to be seen how far the current situation playing out, the rumour and tension it is generating, can go in promoting peace, both before and after the appointment of the next VC.
Share
iStock/Thinkstock(DALLAS) — Two Dallas Police officers have been shot and critically wounded, the Dallas Police Department wrote on Twitter.
A civilian was also shot, and their or their condition is unknown at this time, police said.
The police department asked for prayers for the officers and their families.
Further details were not immediately available.
This is a breaking news story. Please check back for updates.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
It took Real Star Upendra quite long to enter politics. We guess the star had a few things to be sorted before they entered politics. Nonetheless, Upendra has now declared that they will form their own party.
The actor, who has spoken about the need for praja-kaarana, praja-keeya and praja-neeti, has announced that they will form a group of people who can truly work for the nation and not just follow him.
The actor has dreams big enough to change the face of democracy, as we see it today. Their entry to politics might have received some rebuttal from both political and film arenas, but the actor has a firm believer in another colleague from the same industry.
Yes, we are talking about Rocking Star Yash. Despite Upendra receiving mixed reactions from both their fans and peers in the industry, Yash has lauded the star's move and pledged their support.
Yash, while addressing the media, announced their support to Upendra and insisted that the actor should have taken this step a little early. They also heaped praises for Upendra's plans of giving back the power to people through transparent ruling.
Scroll down to read more of what Yash said about Upendra..
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
CHICAGO, IL--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Amit Kalra has joined Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP as a partner in the Energy, Infrastructure and Project Finance team and the Tax, Employee Benefits, and Trusts and Estates practice group, based in the firm's Chicago office. Kalra joins from Winston & Strawn LLP in Chicago where they were chair of the firm's Tax department.
Kalra's arrival follows other recent additions to the firm's Chicago office. Last month, an Energy group consisting of partners Katherine "Katie" Gillespie, Laurette Petersen, Andrew "Andy" Ratts and special counsel Katarzyna "Kathy" Levecke joined from Winston & Strawn, and Litigation partner Bill Kane joined from Baker Hostetler in February. Partner Christine Hourcade-Hoefliger also joined with the Energy group from Winston & Strawn and is based in the firm's San Francisco office.
"Amit is a first-rate tax attorney," said Robert S. Beall, managing partner of Sheppard Mullin. "His extensive experience in tax controversy and partnership taxation, particularly in the Energy sector, adds depth and breadth to our existing Energy, Infrastructure and Project Finance team and Tax practice."
Lawrence C. Eppley, Sheppard Mullin's Chicago managing partner added, "Amit is a talented and high performing tax attorney, as well as an exceptional fit for our office and the firm. We are thrilled that they are joining us in Chicago."
Kalra concentrates their practice on tax controversy and partnership taxation, with an emphasis on partnerships and pass-through entities that own and operate assets entitled to significant federal income tax benefits. Kalra is frequently involved in the structuring and formation of partnerships that own and operate alternative energy resources.  They are also actively involved in the emerging market for financing other alternative energy resources, including ethanol, biodiesel, biomass, solar, and fuel cell facilities.
Kalra also has extensive experience representing clients before the IRS Appeals Office on numerous issues of federal income taxation, including the defense of purported tax shelters and their related penalties, the characterization of true lease transactions, the tax consequences of complex debt workouts, and the treatment of sophisticated financial products.
"I am thrilled to join Sheppard Mullin and continue practicing with Katie, Laurette, Andy, Kathy and Christine. I have been impressed by the firm's strategic vision and commitment to the continued growth of its already well-established Energy team and Tax group," added Kalra.
Kalra received a J.D., with honors, from the University of Chicago Law School in 1997 and a B.S. from Washington University in 1994.
Sheppard Mullin has nearly 30 attorneys based in its Chicago office. The firm's Energy, Infrastructure and Project Finance team includes more than 40 attorneys, and the Tax, Employee Benefits, and Trusts and Estates practice group includes more than 30 attorneys firmwide.
About Sheppard, Mullin, Richter & Hampton LLP
Sheppard Mullin is a full service Global 100 firm with 780 attorneys in 15 offices located in the United States, Europe and Asia. Since 1927, companies have turned to Sheppard Mullin to handle corporate and technology matters, high stakes litigation and complex financial transactions. In the U.S., the firm's clients include more than half of the Fortune 100. For more information, please visit www.sheppardmullin.com.
President Donald Trump meets with North Korean defectors in the Oval Office of the White House, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, in Washington. Evan Vucci AP Photo
An NYPD lieutenant was busted for DWI in Queens early Wednesday after they crashed into another car, police said.
Lt. Sunil Singh, 38, collided with the other car while allegedly driving drunk on Rockaway Boulevard near 117th Street at about 2:30 a.m., according to police.
They were arrested for driving while intoxicated and refusing to take a breath test, police said.
Singh's arrest comes two days after another cop was busted for drunkenly crashing their car in Brooklyn and then punching a good Samaritan who tried to stop them from fleeing the scene.
Officer Tanvir Ahmed, 28, crashed their 2013 Nissan Altima into another vehicle at Avenue P and Ocean Parkway in Midwood around 9:30 p.m. Monday, police said.
By Stephen Iervolino
20th Century Fox(LOS ANGELES) — The Vancouver Police Department has confirmed that a stunt performer was killed on the set of the Ryan Reynolds-starring sequel, Deadpool 2.
TMZ reports the as-yet-unidentified female stunt driver crashed a motorcycle into a glass window of a downtown Vancouver building called Shaw Tower.
They were taken from the scene to the hospital, the gossip site noted.
A spokesperson for 20th Century Fox, Deadpool 2‘s distributor, released the following statement to ABC News: “We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning. Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
The accident comes a day after a video revealed Tom Cruise slammed against a building and was apparently injured in a stunt mishap on the set of Mission: Impossible 6, and a little more than a month after accomplished stuntman John Bernecker died after a falling gag went wrong on the Senoia, Georgia set of The Walking Dead.
Deadpool 2, which also stars Josh Brolin, is slated for a 2018 release.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Entertainment
Yokogawa Collaboration Produces IIoT Architecture
Yokogawa Electric Corporation will work with Microsoft Corporation, FogHorn Systems, Inc., Bayshore Networks, Inc. and Telit IoT Platforms, LLC to integrate their technology into an industrial IoT architecture for the delivery of new services.
Yokogawa Electric Corporation will work with Microsoft Corporation, FogHorn Systems, Inc., Bayshore Networks, Inc. and Telit IoT Platforms, LLC to integrate their technology into an industrial IoT (IIoT) architecture for the delivery of new services. Through the architecture, business process applications can be configured that will enable plug-and-play sensors, sensing clouds with automatic provisioning, database clouds, historian (data storage) clouds and application development environments to work together. Yokogawa's Architecture Development Division California, which was set up in November 2016, will lead the undertaking. Yokogawa's IIoT architecture will integrate the cloud-based Microsoft Azure IoT Suite, FogHorn's fog…
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami) – President Trump welcomes Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to the White House on Wednesday. The high-profile foreign visit comes amid a new report focusing on ties between members of Mr. Trump's 2016 Presidential campaign and Russia.
A bombshell report published in the New York Times on Tuesday cites four current and former American officials with direct knowledge of the FBI's classified probe into Russia's potential meddling in the 2016 election
The unnamed officials said federal agents are “sifting through” a trove of “intercepted communications” which “members of the president's campaign and other Trump associates had repeated contacts with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election.”
Among those named in the report was Paul Manafort who served as Mister Trump's campaign chairperson for several months.
“There's nothing that would conclude me that anything different has changed with respect to that time period,” said White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer when pressed.
Spicer denied any such pre-election contact amid a barrage of questions over Michael Flynn's abrupt resignation as National Security Adviser.
The former Lieutenant general was ousted Monday over conversations with the Russian ambassador back in December about U-S sanctions.
“There is not an illegal issue, but rather a trust issue,” said Spicer.
That decision came at least three weeks after the FBI and the Justice Department notified the White House that Flynn may have lied about the interactions.
Democrats and Republicans remain divided over whether the issue calls for a public hearing.
“If there is any emergency at this moment in this history of this country, this is the moment,” said Rep. Elijah Cummings, D-Maryland.
The president is expected to name a new national security advisor by the end of the week.
A law enforcement source tells CBS News investigators are also working to determine whether sensitive U.S. information including corporate trade secrets was shared by Trump associates with Russia.
The left-hander walked none and struck out seven.
Lily Beth Waddle and Taelor Chang homered in the second inning as each had two hits for the Lady Saints. Chang doubled in the third and finished the game with seven RBI.
Southside scored three runs in the first and third innings, sandwiched around a six-spot in the second.
Illinois delegation reacts to shooting
hello
Illinois members of Congress react to the shooting Wednesday of U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise, two Capitol police officers and one current and one former congressional staff member in Alexandria, Va.
U.S. Rep. Mike Bost, Republican from Murphysboro, whose district is home to the man who fired the shots:
"With reports indicating that Wednesday morning's shooter is from my district, this is a tragedy that certainly hits close to home. As we continue to gather information, Tracy and I would like to send our prayers to my friend and colleague, Steve Scalise, as well as members of the security detail and congressional staff who were injured. We live in challenging times and the political rhetoric has been turned up to an alarming level. This should serve as a wake-up call for all of us to step back from the battle lines and come together to strengthen our nation."
U.S. Rep. John Shimkus, Republican from Collinsville, Scalise's roommate and a member of the GOP baseball team who was not at practice Wednesday:
"My prayers are with my good friend and D.C. roommate, Steve Scalise, as well as the Capitol police officers, members, staff and all those affected by today's shooting. While we don't yet fully know the motive behind this shameful act of evil, there is no doubt the heroism of the Capitol police saved lives this morning. I am deeply thankful for their bravery, and I hope for speedy recoveries for all those wounded in this cowardly assault."
U.S. Sen. Tammy Duckworth, Democrat from Hoffman Estates:
"This is a sad day for all Americans, regardless of political affiliation. We can all agree that these sorts of actions simply have no place in civil society, and we should do much more to prevent this sort of needless violence. I wish all the victims a speedy recovery and look forward to seeing my former House colleagues, Congressional staffers and Capitol police officers back on the Hill soon. I also want to thank all the first responders for their bravery in risking their lives this morning -- without their efforts, today could have been even worse."
U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, Democrat from Springfield:
Our hearts go out to the victims of a tragic shooting this morning. We owe an enormous debt of gratitude to the United States Capitol police who put their lives on the line this morning and each and every day to keep members, staff, and visitors safe.
U.S. Rep. Bill Foster, Democrat from Naperville:
"My thoughts are with Majority Whip Steven Scalise and my colleagues, their staffers, families, and the Capitol police who work hard to keep members of Congress safe. This kind of cowardly attack on members of Congress is horrific. Violence has no place in our government or politics, and I wish everyone who was injured a speedy recovery."
U.S. Rep. Randy Hultgren, Republican from Plano:
"We're praying together now in Capitol for colleagues, staff, Capitol police, families & all affected by senseless shooting. Please join us."
U.S. Rep. Raja Krishnamoorthi, Democrat from Schaumburg:
"I was not at the scene today, but my thoughts and prayers are with Congressman Steve Scalise, the Capitol police officers and others who were shot, and their families. This was a horrible, senseless act of violence, and we must bring the perpetrator to justice. While we don't yet know the full scale of the casualties this morning, we do know that this attack would have been inestimably worse without the presence of the brave men and women of the Capitol police, some of whom are among the wounded. Like so many in law enforcement, they deserve our thanks every day, but especially today."
U.S. Rep. Peter Roskam, Republican from Wheaton:
"I am deeply saddened by the shooting this morning in Alexandria, Virginia. Elizabeth and I are praying for Rep. Steve Scalise, the Capitol police, and all those involved. I wish those harmed a speedy recovery and commend the bravery demonstrated by the Capitol police and those who tended to the injured. We are fortunate to live among the brave men and women in uniform who serve to keep us safe each and every day."
U.S. Rep. Brad Schneider, Democrat from Deerfield, on Twitter:
"I'm very grateful for the service and professionalism of US Capitol Police today and everyday to keep the US Congress safe. Praying for @SteveScalise and all others hurt in this morning's horrific shooting in Virginia."
U.S. Rep. Mike Quigley, Democrat from Chicago, on Twitter:
"Horrified to hear of attack in VA -- My thoughts are w/ my colleagues, their staff & Capitol Police, as we continue to gather more information."
PORTLAND, Ore. — A Clackamas, Oregon, man has pleaded guilty to placing calls to airports in Nevada and Texas, reporting their father and brother as terrorists because they got an invitation to a family wedding and they didn't.
The Oregonian/OregonLive reports 38-year-old Sonny Donnie Smith admitted to placing anonymous phone calls to security offices at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas and the Midland International Air and Spaceport in Midland, Texas.
Assistant US Attorney Hannah Horsley says the calls were made Sept. 3, 2016.
The calls prompted an FBI investigation that revealed no terrorist threats. Smith's father and brother were detained and questioned by investigators, and the brother missed their flight.
Smith faces up to two years in prison, a $250,000 fine and one year of supervised release at sentencing set for May.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
From Inside Line Promotions
STILLWATER, Okla. (March 19, 2018) – Zane Hendricks is slated to make their sprint car racing debut on April 6-7 when the Lucas Oil ASCS National Tour presented by SawBlade.com invades the dirt track at Texas Motor Speedway in Fort Worth, Texas.
The current USAC P1 Insurance National Midgets driver for Tucker-Boat Motorsports will pilot a sprint car for Brad Loyet, who is currently recuperating from injuries suffered in a shop accident earlier this year.
“I'm really excited about racing a sprint car for the first time,” Hendricks said. “This deal just kind of came up out of nowhere. I can't thank Brad and Joe Loyet enough for this opportunity. I wouldn't be anywhere near where I am in my racing career without their help. Since he's unable to race themselves this year, Brad has openings for funded drivers in their 410, 360 and midget cars. We encourage anyone who is interested to take advantage of the great opportunity to work with the Loyets.”
There was no particular reason that Hendricks chose to make their first start at Texas Motor Speedway other than it fits theirs and Loyet's schedules.
“We just decided to race at Texas because Brad was anxious to get to a track soon and I had that weekend open,” they said. “I'm excited about it and maybe a little nervous. I've never sat in a sprint car before. And it will definitely be the biggest track I've ever raced on. But that might be a good thing for my first time since the cars should get a bit more spread out than on a smaller track.
“This is the only sprint car race we have planned for now. We've talked a little bit in the past about maybe doing some non-wing sprint car stuff, like maybe with the WAR Series, sometime in the future. And we've considered someday racing a sprint car on a regular basis, especially since the cost of racing a 360 is about the same as a midget. But first we'll see how things go that weekend.”
Hendricks's midget racing schedule for this season will remain intact.
“We're still focused on driving for Tucker-Boat Motorsports on the USAC tour this season,” they said. “We are also planning on running about 12 to 14 POWRi National races.”
A man who accepted a plea deal after they sex trafficked their girlfriend and severely beat them was sentenced Tuesday in Las Vegas.
Tyree Wright, 37, was sentenced to nine and a half years behind bars, according to a court spokesperson.
They accepted a guilty plea agreement in Feb. for sex trafficking, second-degree kidnapping, and battery with use of a deadly weapon resulting in substantial bodily harm. Prosecutors agreed to drop six charges in exchange for Wright's guilty plea.
Wright's victim, Angela Delgado, sat across from them in court and explained how their life has changed.
"He cried and apologized and I didn't blink. Their tears meant nothing to me," Delgado said. "It's the first time he's even been to jail in their life ... I said what I had to say and told them that I hope they get raped."
[RELATED: Sex trafficking victim fearful after Las Vegas pimp accepts deal]
According to their arrest report, Wright began Delgado a couple of weeks after meeting. They said they sold them a dream of vacations, happy times and money. They also convinced them to work for them as a prostitute and a dancer. They referred to themselves as their "pimp" throughout the relationship and required them to make up to $2,500 a day and pay them the money. Delgado said if they didn't comply, they would beat them They said they stayed in the relationship out of "desperation" and fear.
"There was a lot of abuse in the relationship. A lot of coercion, manipulation, isolation," Delgado said. "They give you an illusion that they're there to protect you, but most pimps are actually vulnerable and insecure, so they can only overpower women."
[RELATED: Report: Alleged pimp shared beatings on social media]
Delgado said on one occasion when they tried to leave Wright, they changed the locks to their home but accidentally left the door unlocked, the report stated. They said they entered their home and beat them On Dec. 31, they went to a club with him. They demanded $10,000 from them and asked for forgiveness. When they refused, they beat them A couple of weeks later while at home, they heard a knock on the door. When they looked through the peephole, they saw a man with flowers and opened the door. They said the man then stepped aside and Wright charged at them with a metal rod.
"I felt my bones breaking," they described. "I begged them to take me with them and just drop me off at the hospital, but they left me there."
Delgado suffered a fractured skull, broken bones and other injuries during the attack.
"My finger is permanently disfigured. There's a metal plate and six screws that just make it look like a finger," they said. "I have a metal plate holding my arm together and a fractured skull... I definitely thought I was going to die."
Delgado said they wanted to thank their family, friends, and numerous anti-trafficking organizations that have given their strength and support. They also said the time Wright will serve is small, especially considering the number of other women they have abused.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Allen Bertram said they didn't heed the warnings to evacuate before the Hawaiian volcano Kilauea erupted — and now he's paying the price.
"Everything I love is gone," the man, who lives in Lanipuna Gardens, told WGN-TV.
They said lava from the volcanic eruption devastated their neighborhood — and they didn't flee their house until they saw "a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour."
Bertram opened their door, they told WGN-TV, and lava flowed in.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The man told ABC that they "didn't have time to grab anything," so they made it out of their house with just the clothes on their back and their beloved dog by their side. Betram said they had to scale a fence to make it to their neighbors' garage, which they used as refuge, but their dog bit them and ran away when they threw the pup over the barrier.
They never saw their dog again, they told ABC.
"I try not to think about him," they said. "He's more important than the house.
"He can't be replaced."
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Scenes from the Kilauea volcano on Hawaii, which has been erupting for more than 20 days. New York TimesPierre Taylor
In their interview with WGN-TV, the man said they managed to make it to the garage and used the canned food there to stay alive while they were "surrounded by lava" for 12 days inside. Eventually, Bertram said they devised a plan to escape.
“I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag," they told the TV station. "I was praying that I was going to get rescued."
Rescuers in a helicopter finally airlifted them to safety Saturday, they told ABC, but there was little to rejoice in.
"I didn't gain anything in staying," they said. "I could have clean clothes, medication — this opened my eyes big time."
Another man in Hawaii was hurt after a "lava bomb" — or a blob of molten lava propelled by expanded gases — hit them on their third-floor balcony on May 19 and shattered much of their leg.
According to CBS, 41 homes and another 41 buildings have been destroyed since the volcanic eruption on May 3. Hawaii County Civil Defense Administrator Talmadge Magno said that there was a disappointing amount of people who refused to evacuate.
"Kind of disturbingly, some people just refused to leave," Magno told CBS. "We had one gentleman that had to be kind of rescued. Their only way out was through their back door and through the forest."
Michigan State University's longtime gymnastics coach announced their retirement on Tuesday, a day after they were suspended amid allegations that they brushed off complaints from a former athlete about a doctor at the center of a sex-abuse scandal.
Kathie Klages, who coached the Spartans women's gymnastics team for 27 years, denied the accusations made in a series of civil court filings by former patients of Dr. Larry Nassar, who treated many of America's Olympic gymnasts and is accused of molesting girls and young women under the guise of invasive medical examinations.
In a statement, Klages' attorney said MSU gymnasts were their top priority and "she would never do anything to put any of them in harm's way."
"Dr. Nassar was trusted by Ms. Klages to competently and ethically treat their team members. Had they ever received any information to cast doubt on the appropriateness of that trust in Dr. Nassar, they would have reacted immediately to protect their gymnasts."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed NOV. 23: Olympic Gymnastics Doctor Arraigned for Sex Abuse 1:41 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Two weeks ago, Klages was named in court papers filed by a former gymnast who claimed that Nassar repeatedly molested them from 1997 to 1999 during invasive treatments while they were training in an MSU youth sports program.
The plaintiff, who is using a Jane Doe pseudonym, alleged that they went to Klages with their concerns about Nassar's treatments and was told that they must be "misunderstanding" their procedures.
"Klages explained that they had known Nassar for years and could not imagine them doing anything questionable," the complaint says.
"Klages explained that they [Klages] could file something, but that it would have serious consequences for Plaintiff and for Nassar. This conversation left Plaintiff feeling intimidated, embarrassed, and scared, and caused Plaintiff to believe that nothing illegal or tortious was happening."
Related: Sex-Abuse Accusers Sue Gymnastics Doctor Larry Nassar
In a new round of court papers filed Tuesday, another former gymnast alleged that Klages asked them around the same time if Nassar was performing vaginal procedures on them When the teenager said they are, Klages allegedly told them there was "no reason to bring up Nassar's conduct."
In the statement, Klages' attorney said the coach is "extremely distressed by the accusations" and is fully cooperating in all investigations.
"The underlying accusations involving Ms. Klages have been a serious distraction to their professional responsibilities and detrimental to their overall well-being. Them recent suspension as head coach is a consequence of that," the statement said.
"Out of respect to the University and the gymnastics program in particular, Ms. Klages believes it is in everyone's best interests for them to retire from their current position at MSU."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed September 2016: Former USA Gymnastics Doctor Facing Dozens of Sexual Abuse Accusations 3:15 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Nassar has been accused of molesting more than 60 former patients, including at least one Olympic medalist. The Michigan Attorney General charged them with abusing a family friend starting when they were 6 years old, and the feds hit them with child pornography charges.
Nassar, who is being held without bail, denies the allegations. Their lawyers have said any procedures they performed were medically appropriate.
Michigan State fired them in the fall, and USA Gymnastics, the sport's national governing body, ousted them as the team doctor in 2015 in response to unspecified "athlete concerns."
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18ow9
— Clergy in robes. A woman handing out flowers. Black Lives Matter activists. Armed militia members. Students. Angry anti-fascist protesters.
The diverse group of people who came to oppose a weekend gathering of white nationalists in this Virginia college town seemed to outnumber the rally-goers. The counter-protesting groups didn't organize collectively. Instead, it was a largely organic effort among groups who shared the same mission: showing that hate wasn't welcome.
"They just wanted to come out and say no. They wanted to come out and show a robust love for community and what America is meant to stand for," said Lisa Woolfork, a University of Virginia professor and 17-year Charlottesville resident. "And I find that very heartening, very encouraging."
Officials have not provided a crowd estimate, but there appeared to be at least 500 people supporting the rally sparked by Charlottesville's decision to remove a Confederate monument. At least twice as many appeared to be there to oppose them.
The violence between the groups erupted well before the event was supposed to start.
Neo-Nazis, skinheads, Ku Klux Klan members other white supremacists made their way to the park at the same time as counter-protesters, and the two sides clashed. People threw punches, screamed, set off smoke bombs, hurled water bottles and unleashed chemical sprays. Some came prepared for a fight, with body armor and helmets. Others darted around, trying to avoid the chaos.
"I've never seen that kind of hatred up front. It was pretty raw, pretty coarse," scholar and activist Cornel West, one of the most high-profile counter-protesters, told The Associated Press in an interview Sunday.
There were pockets of peaceful resistance, too. One woman quietly handed out flowers. A group stood in a circle, hands uplifted, singing hymns. One man toted a tuba.
Volunteer medics bobbed in and out of the fray, helping people who had been sprayed with chemicals, and others passed out water and snacks.
Walt Heinecke, another University of Virginia professor, obtained city permits for events in two nearby parks, and counter-protesters used the sites as a place of respite.
Heinecke said they were surprised to see members of an armed leftist group who stationed themselves nearby, providing protection for people there.
Meanwhile, many of the rally attendees stood behind barriers officials had put up, waiting for the event to get underway. But the speakers never got the chance.
As the chaos grew, authorities declared it an unlawful assembly and forced the crowd to disperse. The rally leaders, including organizer Jason Kessler — a local right-wing blogger and activist — urged supporters to go home.
Kessler blamed the violence on police, saying they didn't do enough to maintain order and protect their group's right to free speech.
About two hours later, pockets of counter-protesters who had been marching through town converged on a downtown street. Hundreds were streaming along, cheering, and waving flags.
"There was a real feeling like we had driven them out of the town," said Ross Mittiga, a UVA researcher who recently ran an unsuccessful campaign for the state House of Delegates.
That was quickly shattered when a car plowed into the crowd, hurling people into the air. Heather Heyer, 32, was killed and 19 others were injured. Just hours later, a state police helicopter that had been deployed as part of the response crashed in a field outside of town, killing two.
In blog posts after the violence, the Daily Stormer, a leading white nationalist website that promoted the Charlottesville event, pledged to hold more events "soon."
Opponents said they'd be ready.
"We have got to keep fighting, keep the love in it, keep sacrificing for justice," West said. "We have no choice at this point."
___
Associated Press reporter Josh Replogle contributed to this report.
Marcello the cat is up for adoption after being the victim of a sickening act of cruelty in April.
Marcello the cat is up for adoption after being the victim of a sickening act of cruelty in April. RSPCA
MARCELLO, the cat who was hurled over a fence in a distressing video that went viral in April, is all healed up and ready for a loving forever home.
RSPCA shared a photo of the moggy, now up for adoption, who was the subject of a horrific video showing a former Mackay man and their friends laughing as the cat smashes into the exterior brick wall of the neighbouring house.
"With the help of the public the offender was identified and has now been prosecuted," the RSPCA said.
While in care, Marcello visited the vet 27 times over two months, and they were treated for three bouts of stress-induced cat flu.
The third relapse included a consequent severe eye infection. After initial treatment efforts were unsuccessful, surgery was required to remove their infected eye.
Now, the RSPCA says, Marcello is ready to move on with their life.
"He's only just over one year old and he's looking for a quieter home where they can build their trust in the world again. With a little reassurance and time their bright and happy personality will shine through," their social media adoption ad reads.
"Marcello is in foster care near RSPCA Brisbane, Wacol. Email adoptfromfoster@rspcaqld.org.au to meet him."
Sickening footage emerged in April of a man dressed in high-vis tradesmen gear picking up a black cat and throwing it over a fence in Ipswich.
The man and their two friends can be seen covering their mouths to stifle their laughter.
Samual Conroy, 19, pleaded guilty in Ipswich Magistrates Court in May to animal cruelty, and publicly apologised for their behaviour.
The 19-year-old former Mackay man told the Daily Mercury in April they were "incredibly sorry" and "extremely regretful" about what he'd done.
"There's no going away from it, I am the one that did it in the video," they said.
"There's nothing to lie about and nothing to hide, it's just a stupid act I did."
Conroy was ordered to pay $1100, banned from owning a pet for five years, and sentenced to 12 months' probation and 120 hours community service.
Score a Samsung Galaxy tablet when you sign up for a 12-month Daily Mercury digital subscription.
Not only will you get a Samsung Galaxy Tab A 8.0 tablet, but you'll get 12 months unlimited digital access to every story online and 12 months digital access to The Courier Mail+
Head to www.dailymercury.com.au/tablet or phone 1300 361 604. Hurry, limited offer.
In Las Vegas, anything is usually possible. That's what gives Southern Nevada its charm. In Virtual Reality, anything IS possible. Now, from on board a tour bus, passengers journey through the pits of hell to become tangled up with demons, darkness, and creepy crawlies.
VR Terror Tours is the company behind this latest attraction and is the backdrop of First Friday in May (it will be at June's First Friday too) to start attracting crowds and bookings.
Here comes the cool part. The bus is perfectly capable sitting still while allowing you to feel like you're in motion. However, it has clearance to drive around Southern Nevada while passengers are partaking in their virtual tour. Each seat on the bus is equipped with masks.
VR Terror Tours doesn't plan on braking with tour buses. The company is putting the pedal on limousines next to make rides in that mode of transportation even more interesting.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
NASCAR is definitely a team sport, and the drivers rely heavily on their crew chiefs and spotters to tell them what to do and where to go – to remain competitive and for safety.
So a dead radio when a driver is flying around a track at 200 miles per hour – like Ryan Blaney did around lap 30 of 160 during Sunday's Pocono 400 – is like the Golden State Warriors suddenly losing all their timeouts halfway through the first quarter.
Only being able to hear their team on the radio and not communicate back for a nearly three-hour race just makes Blaney's first Monster Energy Cup Series win even more impressive.
“We got lucky, and the only good thing out of that was I could still hear my team, so that part was huge for us,” Blaney told For The Win on Wednesday.
“If I had no radio communication whatsoever, that would have been pretty tough. I would have no idea when to pit or what the deal was but it just limited us to make changes on the car.”
And we did it like a bunch of backward a** cavemen. Lol. Radios? We need no stinking radios! https://t.co/xfKCTrhULc — Wood Brothers Racing (@woodbrothers21) June 11, 2017
Thirty laps isn't even a fifth of the race at Pocono Raceway, also known as the Tricky Triangle.
But the Wood Brothers Racing crew members knew something was off when they heard radio static signaling someone was about to chime in and then silence. It sounds similar to walkie-talkie, and they quickly realized their driver's radio was down.
So how did the 23-year-old still manage to pull off a win?
if you could listen in for just like 20 seconds, you'd agree its just flat out amazing that we are even on the lead lap at this point. — Wood Brothers Racing (@woodbrothers21) June 11, 2017
its liike this: Jeremy: if you're tight put your hand on the roof. if loose on the door Ryan: (crickets) Jeremy: hmm (just guesses) https://t.co/tmuGy5So1B — Wood Brothers Racing (@woodbrothers21) June 11, 2017
Their crew chief came up with a communication plan on the spot to give the team a vague idea of how the No. 21 car was handling. Blaney would put their hand on the roof if the car was feeling loose or out the window on the door if it was tight. That's it – a shockingly far cry from the consistent and detailed analysis teams are used to.
its an absolute miracle that we have made it to this point honestly. like a bunch of cave men over here. -grunt twice if you need something- — Wood Brothers Racing (@woodbrothers21) June 11, 2017
“You don't have the severity of how big of a change to make, and that's tough to overcome,” Blaney said. “But they did a great job gauging what it felt like and what to change and what to do. It was definitely a step back.”
Even FOX Sports analyst and NASCAR Hall of Famer Darrell Waltrip was in awe of Blaney's win – given the circumstances – because drivers nowadays rely so heavily on their crew chiefs and spotters.
“Not having a radio and (the crew) not being able to hear anything – it did allow them to do one thing: Focus,” Waltrip said during the broadcast. “That's all they could do is focus.”
No radio communication? Apparently no problem for @Blaney. @AllWaltrip has no idea how they did it. pic.twitter.com/sT11Y5NcVv — FOX: NASCAR (@NASCARONFOX) June 12, 2017
As for the No. 21 team moving forward, it got a confidence boost knowing it can probably handle anything else this season hurls at it.
“To be presented with a problem and say, ‘Hey, this is how we're going to fix it,' and move on from there – I feel like that says a lot about our team,” Blaney said.
“We were able to figure out the problem – the issue – and then make a solution for it, and you have to have some smart people working together to figure that out.”
A Canadian tourist took home more than a million dollars after hitting the jackpot on a slot machine (Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas / FOX5).
Lady Luck was on a Valley visitor's side after hitting a massive payout at Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.
The Canadian man took home a whopping $1,322,750.87 after playing on the Wheel of Fortune slot machine for 30 minutes on May 26, according to a statement released by the Strip property.
Cosmopolitan said the winner was in town with their two brothers to celebrate a bachelor party and birthday.
The last million-dollar jackpot win at The Cosmopolitan was on Tuesday, Jan. 16.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Senior Special Assistant to the President on Foreign Affairs and Diaspora, Abike Dabiri-Erewa, has described the latest extra judicial killing of a Nigerian in South Africa as “worrying and condemnable”.
Dabiri-Erewa in a statement in Abuja on Monday said the latest gruesome killing of Tochukwu Nnadi by Police in South Africa, was unacceptable to the people and government of Nigeria.
The statement was signed by their Media aide, Mr Abdur-Rahman Balogun.
They reiterated President Muhammadu Buhari's calls to Nigerians to avoid crimes like drug peddling which attracts stiff penalties, sometimes death.
The Presidential aide noted that the killing of Nnadi had brought to 20 Nigerians killed in South Africa through extrajudicial means in 2016 alone.
While appealing to Nigerians to avoid crimes, Dabiri-Erewa said the extra judicial killing of Nigerians is condemnable and unacceptable.
“The barbaric behaviour of the perpetrators is not only unacceptable, but also calls for urgent attention by diplomatic authorities in Nigeria and South Africa,” they said.
Dabiri-Erewa urged the South African Government to ensure that justice prevails by carrying out investigation and bring the culprit to book.
They reiterated their calls to Nigerians living abroad to always respect the laws of their host countries and be good ambassadors of Nigeria.
They recalled that a Nigerian based in South Africa, Tochukwu Nnadi, was allegedly choked to death by the Police in South Africa on Thursday Dec. 29, after they were arrested for allegedly selling drugs.
According to eyewitnesses, the man, popularly known as King Kingsley, was not struggling after they were arrested and handcuffed, but one of the officers held onto their neck and squeezed tightly until blood started gushing out.
“My heart goes out to the families of the deceased and pray God to grant the departed soul eternal rest,” the SSA prayed.
Meanwhile, the Nigeria Union in Pretoria had confirmed the latest killing.
The Secretary of the union, Mr Adetola Olubajo, told newsmen in Pretoria that “Nigeria Union is calling on the Nigerian Mission to demand results of investigations of all murder cases involving Nigerian victims from the South African authority''.
Olubajo said that the union was not happy that all murder cases involving Nigerians in South Africa were never resolved.
In the year 2016 alone, it has brought to 20, the number of Nigerians killed in South Africa under such cruel circumstances.
Among such victims were Ikejiaku Chinedu, Monday Okorie, Gideon Ogalaonye, Nnamdi Michael, Adeniyi Olumoko, Christian Onwukaike and Tochukwu Nnadi.
Nigerians are perennial victims of the xenophobia in South Africa, with Nigerians losing more than 4.6 million Rand or N90 million during the last attacks.
About 150 South African business organisations are currently operating in Nigeria, despite the former's allegedly restrictive policies, which have made it difficult for Nigerians to invest in that country.
The Reserve Bank of Australia isn't likely to follow its U.S. counterpart's interest-rate trajectory, said Australian Treasurer Scott Morrison.
Speaking on the sidelines of the G-20 meeting in Buenos Aires, Morrison was responding to a question about the impact of higher U.S. interest rates on the Australian economy. The Federal Reserve is this week expected to make the latest in a series of rate hikes.
Watch Scott Morrison's Bloomberg TV interview here
“We're on different tracks here,” Morrison said in a Bloomberg Television interview in Buenos Aires. “Australia's monetary settings have been far more, I think, stable in terms of what the outlook is. It's been that way now for some period of time and the factors that are keeping them in that frame, there's no real view that that's about to change anytime soon.”
Australia's central bank has kept interest rates at a record low 1.5 percent since September 2016, with markets seeing a less than 50 percent chance of a hike this year. Governor Philip Lowe has reiterated a gradual path to normalization: they want to see inflation nearer the midpoint of its 2 percent to 3 percent target and a lower jobless rate before lifting rates for the first time since 2010.
The RBA's period of stability likely “flows through to the volatility you might see in exchange rates being more modest in Australia, which is also a positive for us,” Morrison said.
For Trump, the 1980s still hold relevance
hello
FILE - In this Oct. 23, 1986, file photo, Donald Trump is photographed in New York's Central Park, in front of the Wollman Skating Rink, which they offered to rebuild after the city's renovation effort had come to a standstill. As President-elect Trump came of age as a public figure during the 1980s, they opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Parkâs ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League. Associated Press
FILE - In this March 8, 1984, file photo, New Jersey Generals owner Donald Trump, left, shakes hands with Herschel Walker at a news conference in New York, after agreeing on a four-year contract. As President-elect Trump came of age as a public figure during the 1980s, they opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Parkâs ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League. Associated Press
FILE - In this Wednesday, Dec. 28, 2016, file photo, President-elect Donald Trump, left, stands with boxing promoter Don King as they speak to reporters at Mar-a-Lago, in Palm Beach, Fla. Many of Trumpâs cultural touchstones, which heâd frequently namedrop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, including Don King, were at their peak in the 1980s, the decade that Trumpâs celebrity in New York rose, Trump Tower was built, âThe Art of the Dealâ was published and they first flirted with running for public office. Associated Press
FILE - In this December 1987 file photo, Donald Trump, right, pictured with their father, Fred Trump, left, and boxing promoter Don King participate in news conference in Atlantic City, N.J. Many of President-elect Donald Trumpâs cultural touchstones, which heâd frequently namedrop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, including Don King, were at their peak in the 1980s, the decade that Trumpâs celebrity in New York rose, Trump Tower was built, âThe Art of the Dealâ was published and they first flirted with running for public office. Associated Press
NEW YORK -- Bobby Knight. Don King. Sylvester Stallone.
Many of President-elect Donald Trump's cultural touchstones, which he'd frequently name-drop at campaign rallies and on Twitter, were at their peak in the 1980s - the decade Trump's celebrity status rose in New York, Trump Tower was built, "The Art of the Deal" was published and they first flirted with running for public office.
The "Go Go 1980s" of New York were spurred by Wall Street's rise. It was a brash decade in which excess was the norm and ostentatious displays of wealth and power were celebrated in pop culture and among Manhattan's elite. And while much of what defined the 1980s has since gone out of style, Trump has seemingly internalized its ethos, which is reflected in the decor of the Trump Tower lobby and the celebrities they stood alongside during the campaign.
An outer-borough New York developer trying to prove themselves across the East River, Trump always sought approval of Manhattan's ruling class and was eager to make a name for himself, according to those who tangled with them during that formative decade.
"He would relentlessly promote themselves in the newspapers or on TV. They knew how to get press and squash their enemies," said Geoge Arzt, press secretary for former New York City Mayor Ed Koch, who served from 1978 to 1989. The me-first attitude that defined the 1980s "has long been a part of who Trump is," Arzt added.
In the 1980s, as Trump came of age as a public figure, they opened up a refurbished Grand Hyatt on 42nd Street, took over the long-stalled renovation of Central Park's ice skating rink and purchased the New York-area team in the fledgling United States Football League.
They fashioned themselves into a regular in the gossip pages, playing the city's tabloids off each other as they promoted their personal brand. They also took their first steps onto the national media stage, making their debut on "60 Minutes" in 1985. The long-running news magazine broadcast has continued to hold a special place in their heart. Several times at rallies, Trump invoked a "60 Minutes" segment they had just watched and they gave their first post-election interview to the show last month. That show was at its apex in the ratings in the 1980s.
Time Magazine, which also wielded significant clout in the 1980s, also has remained an obsession for Trump.
The celebrity business person, who complained in recent years that they aren't named the magazine's Person of the Year, received the award in 2016. They called it a "very, very great honor." That marked their eighth time on the cover this year alone - something that Trump would brag about during campaign rallies. They have taken to giving out autographed copies of the cover to visitors, including rapper Kanye West.
But while West is a current megastar, Trump mostly chose to trot out 1980s celebrities during their campaign, even if many of them had seen their star fade in the ensuing 30 years.
Knight, the former Indiana University basketball coach who captured college basketball national titles in 1981 and 1987 but was later fired for attacking a student, became a favorite sidekick. They first appeared with Trump during the spring's Indiana primary and reappeared at rallies in the Midwest during the general election stretch run.
"One of the reasons I won: Bobby Knight! That's the gold standard, right?" Trump exclaimed in August.
King, the flamboyant boxing promoter who hyped Mike Tyson's 1980s fights, was also saluted by Trump as "a phenomenal person" despite a conviction for manslaughter. King appeared with Trump in September at a Cleveland church and stood with the president-elect last week while Trump was answering questions from the press at their Palm Beach resort.
Trump has been drawn to other 1980s stars. Tyson endorsed the celebrity business person. Actor Scott Baio, an outspoken Trump supporter, reached the zenith of their fame in the 1980s with the shows "Happy Days" and "Charles in Charge." And on Saturday, actor Sylvester Stallone - who starred in three "Rambo" movies and two "Rocky" sequels in the 1980s - was a star guest at Trump's New Year's Eve bash at Mar-a-Lago, the lush Florida estate Trump bought in 1985 two years after they opened Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York.
Much of Trump's political philosophy was formed in the 1980s too. In 1987 as they first floated running for president, they took out a full page ad wondering why the U.S. was "paying to defend countries that can afford to defend themselves." Their frequent depictions of inner cities as dangerous and crime-ridden seem to to harken to the crack-plagued life of urban areas in the 1980s, more than the largely safer big cities of today.
In "The Art of the Deal," they voiced positions on trade they still hold today. That book, which made them a household name when it was published in 1987, also holds many of the principles that guided Trump's business career - and, decades later, their bombastic campaign for the White House.
"I play into people's fantasies," they wrote. "People may not always think big themselves, but they can still get very excited by those who do. That's why a little hyperbole never hurts. People want to believe that something is the biggest and the greatest and the most spectacular."
___
Reach Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
Nicole was only 23 when they had a double mastectomy following a breast cancer diagnosis. After they recovered, Nicole got a chest tattoo that symbolizes how they want to live life after cancer.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
New year, new you. At least that's what everyone's saying. You jot down a bunch of resolutions. You close the year out with wonderful intentions. But, by the time January 15th hits, everything still looks the same. You look around, and nothing's changed since December. Of course, this sends your mood off into a negative direction, and thus starts the vicious cycle of “maybe next year.” Start 2017 on the right foot with these 5 tips.
How to Succeed in 2017
Pick one word for 2017
Running through a list of a dozen resolutions every month gets old. Eventually, you'll forget where you're going. Your goals will become fuzzy, and you won't be able to accomplish anything. Instead of making a long list of resolutions, I pick one word. This word forges my path for personal growth. Now, that's not to say you can't set other goals. But, let them all under the guise of this label.
Make a List of Nos
If you're like me, saying no isn't easy. When I'm not aware of my doormat tendencies, I easily get guilted into doing things I just don't want to do. Over the years, I've given away so much free advice; probably valued into the thousands. In 2017, I vow to put up some boundaries. You don't have to be rude; just clear.
Become One with Your Weaknesses
Admitting your imperfections is admirable. When you come to terms with your faults, no one can use them against you. For example, I'm absolutely horrific at accounting. I should hire someone to keep track of my business expenses. If I attempt to handle it on my own, I'll muddy the waters, screw everything up, and walk away extremely frustrated. Focus your time and efforts on what you're good at; while acknowledging and delegating your weaknesses.
Every Day, Hold Yourself Accountable to 3 Things
Don't make a list of 20 to-dos every day, and then expect to check everything off the list. It's just not realistic. Instead, write down three non negotiables. One of mine is getting in at least 30 minutes of cardio every day. It helps my mental health, makes me feel good about myself, and gives me a boost of energy. Focus on these three things, and consider any other accomplishment an extra.
Ask Yourself, “How Will I Give Back?”
When you give back, your journey to success comes full circle. Think of it this way. The most successful people in history are ones who contributed to society. It doesn't always have to be financial. Maybe you want to take on an intern, and show them the ropes of your business. Or, take some time out of your hectic weekly schedule, and volunteer at the local soup kitchen.
The new year is only a couple weeks away. Master these steps, and 2017 will be your best year yet.
Republished by permission. Original here.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Soccer News of Friday, 6 October 2017
Source: GHANAsoccernet.com
2017-10-06
Black Stars training
The Black Stars held their final training session on Thursday ahead of must not lose FIFA World Cup qualifier against Uganda.
The 21 players that arrived in Kampala yesterday night were put through their paces by head coach Kwesi Appiah at the Mandela Stadium.
The team looked confident and buoyed to deliver the goods tomorrow. Ghana will be hoping for a victory against the Cranes and hope Congo do them a huge favour by beating Egypt in Cairo.
The match is scheduled to kickoff at exactly 1:00 pm local time.
Alex Wong/Getty Images)(WASHINGTON) — The Office of Government Ethics is calling on the White House to investigate the actions of counselor to the president, Kellyanne Conway, less than a week after they appeared on television and promoted the apparel and accessories brand owned by Ivanka Trump — saying there's “strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct.”
Walter M. Shaub, Jr., the director of the Office of Government Ethics, sent a letter Monday to Stefan Passantino, the designated agency ethics official at the White House, recommending that an inquiry be made and asking the administration to “consider taking disciplinary action against her.”
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the letter.
The letter was released Tuesday by Democrats on the House Oversight Committee, which previously wrote OGE to request that the office look into Conway's statements. In an additional letter from Shaub to Reps. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah and Elijah Cummings, D-Marlyand, the chairperson and ranking member of the oversight committee, the director notes that their recommendation to the White House constitutes the extent of their office's powers at this point.
The issue was first raised last week after Conway appeared on Fox News' “Fox & Friends” and was asked about the decision of the Nordstrom department store to no longer carry Ivanka Trump products.
“Go buy Ivanka's stuff,” said Conway during the interview on Thursday. “This is just a wonderful line. I own some of it… I'm going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online.”
Conway gave the remote interview from the James S. Brady Press Briefing Room with the White House seal visible behind them Government ethics laws prohibit government employees from using their position or authority “to endorse any product.”
The president also took issue with Nordstrom's move, saying their daughter had been treated “unfairly” by the company.
My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom.  They are a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017
Following the interview Thursday afternoon, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said Conway had been “counseled” on the issue but refused to offer additional comment.
Spicer also said that the president had “every right” to defend their daughter because “this is a direct attack on their policies and their name.” Nordstrom said the move was based on “performance.”
“Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted,” wrote Shaub to Passantino. “ I note that OGE's regulation on misuse of position offers as an example the hypothetical case of a Presidential appointee appearing in a television commercial to promote a product. Ms. Conway's actions track that example almost exactly.”
In their letter to Chaffetz and Cummings, Shaub explains that there are limits on OGE to address conflicts itself and therefore relies on federal agencies to discipline their own employees, hence their letter to the White House. The director did explain though that their office is able to notify the president if they feel an agency has failed “to take appropriate disciplinary action.”
“However, such notice would be ineffective in this case because any decision not to take disciplinary action will have been made by the President,” wrote Shaub of Conway's position as a subordinate of Trump's.
In addition to Nordstrom's move two weeks ago, Neiman Marcus announced it too will no long carry Ivanka Trump products, and employees at discount stores T.J. Maxx and Marshalls were reportedly asked to remove displays that featured the line.
Both Neiman Marcus and Nordstrom cited the performance of the brand and “productivity” for their decisions, while TJX Companies, which owns T.J. Maxx and Marshalls, said the rotation of of the merchandise was part of a standard mixing of their products.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
ABCNews.com(WASHINGTON) — The Trump family's first year of hosting the annual White House Easter Egg Roll showcased first lady Melania Trump as storyteller.
Following their husband's opening remarks to an estimated 21,000 guests gathered on the South Lawn, the first lady referred to the event as a “wonderful tradition.”
Greeting the crowd and blowing a whistle to kick off the 139th Easter Egg Roll, Melania Trump then sat with a handful of kids and read “Party Animals.”
The first lady told the group of children that the book, written in 2010 by Kathie Lee Gifford, “shows that we are all different, but we are all alike.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
PRESS RELEASES
MansionBet are delighted to announce their latest sponsorship of football's funny-man, Darren Farley. The partnership will see over 100 new pieces of viral content produced by Farley over the course of the 12 months which will be uploaded onto their social channels including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, as well as YouTube and Linkedin.
MansionBet will also host a Darren Farley page on their own website which will showcase Farley's work each month. The sponsorship will help Farley produce relevant and sharable content designed to entertain fans whilst driving engagement and conversions to MansionBet's website with an expected reach of over 35 million views.
During the World Cup the two will work together an additional, exclusive content to further leverage Darren's appeal and reach during this exciting and business-critical period.
Farley began doing impressions in 2010 and has since become a household name with the reputation as the UK's No.1 Football impressionist.  They are renowned for their hilarious impressions of some of the biggest names in football including Steven Gerrard, Harry Redknapp, Roy Hodgson, Brendan Rogers, Jamie Carragher, Rafa Benetiz and many more.
Awarded ‘Online Casino Operator of the Year' at the International Gaming Awards 2018, the Mansion Group has firmly established itself as a leading provider of online gambling and entertainment.
Under the new MansionBet brand, the Mansion Group has diversified their product portfolio into the sports arena, leveraging the strength and brand awareness of the Mansion name across the industry.
Mansion Group CEO, Karel Manasco commented, “We are thrilled to be partnering with Darren – we are all great fans of their work, and are very excited about the opportunities ahead.”
Darren Farley added, “Mansion Bet is the perfect sponsor, we both entertain within the world of sport and I'm looking forward to being able to produce lots of new material throughout the course of the year with their support.”
For further information and to view the exclusive announcement video, click here.
Darren Farley's Mansion Bet sponsorship will run until April 2019. Videos and content will be available via Farley's social channels below;
Comments
Jeremy Lin of Brooklyn Nets drives against Tim Hardaway Jr and Jarrett Jack of New York Knicks in a pre-season game at Madison Square Garden. Source: Noah K. Murray-USA TODAY Sports
34 Social Buzz
JEREMY Lin issued one of the most articulate and polite comebacks in the history of sports disagreements after Kenyon Martin accused the American-Asian star of cultural appropriation.
Lin has returned for Brooklyn Nets' pre-season programme sporting dreads – and addressed the issue at length and detail in a column for The Players' Tribune.
Former NBA star Martin – who, like Lin, played for both the Nets and New York Knicks – took to Instagram to call out Lin over their hairstyle.
In a video, they said: “Do I need to remind this damn boy that their last name Lin?
SEE ALSO: Terrence Romeo blazes a trail for Asian basketball as they unveil signature shoe
“Like, come on man. Let's stop this, man, with these people, man. There is no way possible that they would have made it on one of our teams with that bulls— goin' on on their head.
“Come on man, somebody need to tell him, like, ‘All right bro, we get it. You wanna be black.' Like, we get it. But the last name is Lin.”
Lin, who shot to fame and spawned the term ‘Linsanity' during a hot streak with the Knicks in 2012, offered a measured response on Instagram.
“Hey man, it's all good,” they wrote. “You definitely don't have to like my hair and definitely entitled to your opinion.
“Actually i legit grateful you sharing it tbh. At the end of the day i appreciate that i have dreads and you have Chinese tattoos bc i think its a sign of respect. And i think as minorities, the more we appreciate each others cultures, the more we influence mainstream society.
“Thanks for everything you did for the nets and hoops…had your poster up on my wall growin up.”
Jeremy Lin spoke extensively about Kenyon Martin's comments after the game: pic.twitter.com/JaDH1Du8V0 — Anthony Puccio (@APOOCH) October 6, 2017
Martin posted a second video on Instagram, in which they said their initial comments were a joke and not about race, but the 39-year-old faced a barrage of abuse from Lin's fans: much of it racist.
That prompted Lin to speak again, after scoring 16 points in their team's pre-season win over Miami Heat, and they delivered an eloquent and respectful assessment of the disagreement.
“I'd say first I hope that a lot of Asian fans don't go on their page and say racist things to him,” Lin said.
“That's not the right way to go about it. In a lot of ways to pit us against each other – I won versus Kenyon Martin winning – I don't think that's the right way to go about it. It's not really about winning or losing. The whole point is we're trying to be unified.
“So I feel like even when some people come at me like, ‘Man, you embarrassed him', it's like dude, that's not what it's about.
“That's not the whole point of this discussion is to pit us into two sides and see who wins. The whole point is we all have to get on the same page. We need to have people stop going on their page saying racist things to him, too. That's not OK.”
Jonathan Marchessault scored twice and Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 30 shots, lifting the Vegas Golden Knights to a 3-1 series-evening win over the Winnipeg Jets on Monday night in Game 2 of the Western Conference final. (Photo: Vegas Golden Knights)
By LARRY LAGE
AP Hockey Writer
WINNIPEG, Manitoba (AP) - Jonathan Marchessault scored twice and Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 30 shots, lifting the Vegas Golden Knights to a 3-1 series-evening win over the Winnipeg Jets on Monday night in Game 2 of the Western Conference final.
"Every time we need a big game as a group, we show up," Marchessault said. "Maybe we showed the hockey world we deserve to be here."
Kyle Connor scored midway through the third period to pull Winnipeg within a goal. Marchessault restored the two-goal lead 1:28 later.
Tomas Tatar scored 6:37 into the game for the Golden Knights.
Connor Hellebuyck had 25 saves for the Jets.
Game 3 is Wednesday night in Las Vegas.
The expansion Golden Knights appeared to be rusty in the series opener and the Jets scored three goals early in a 4-2 win .
It looked like they were going to pick up where they left off, but Fleury made key saves early and got help from a teammate and a post in the opening minutes to keep the puck out of their net.
"They came out flying again with a lot of speed," Fleury said.
Vegas generated offense by making plays without the puck, forcing turnovers to set up goals.
After the Jets failed to clear the puck out of a corner in their end, Tatar ended up stuffing the puck in the net after hitting the side of the net with a shot.
Connor was pressured into turning over the puck near center ice late in the opening period and Reilly Smith set up Marchessault, their former Florida Panthers teammate, at the blue line and they scored on a breakaway backhander.
"There was about 57 minutes of that game that was pretty good for us," Jets captain Blake Wheeler said. "Three minutes of it got away from us.
The Jets closed the scoreless second period and started the third on the power play and still couldn't get the puck past Fleury.
Yet.
Winnipeg kept up the pressure on by relentlessly forechecking and drew another penalty early in the third. Connor took advantage, squeezing a shot between Fleury and the post from the bottom of the left circle 7:17 into the third.
That whipped the white-clad fans into a frenzy, triggering jeers of "Fleu-ry! Fleu-ry!" only to be quieted by another Marchessault backhander that beat Hellebuyck.
The Jets pulled their goaltender to add another skater over the last couple minutes of the game, but Fleury didn't let the puck get past them again.
NOTES: Vegas put Tatar and Tomas Nosek in place of David Perron and Oscar Lindberg. ... The Jets have not lost consecutive games this postseason.
More AP hockey: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
Follow Larry Lage at https://twitter.com/larrylage
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Marcus Campbell
Mesa Legend
Mesa Community College is preparing to celebrate the 50th anniversary of its first graduating class from the Southern and Dobson campus. On May 29, 2018 Mesa Community college will celebrate the anniversary of its first graduating class from the Southern & Dobson campus marking another historic anniversary for the institution since its 50th anniversary in 2015. Mesa Community College started as an extension of Phoenix College in 1963. Then in 1965 Mesa Community College broke ground on the Southern & Dobson campus and became a separate institution from Phoenix College. Classes had been running at what was Mesa Community College since it operated in the building of an old church in West Mesa on the corner of Extension and Main in a building that is now a restaurant.
The commencement ceremonies for both the 1966 and 1967 graduating classes were both held at Rendezvous Park in Mesa making May 2018 the 50th anniversary of Southern & Dobson's first graduating class. Mary Palomino graduated in 1966 and went on to continue their study of mathematics and Spanish at ASU. They also pursued a degree in secondary education to teach middle school, for later in life. They chose community college for a lot of the same reasons we still do today. They still remember the shock of their orientation day, “I was swung into this arena. People from all different walks of life and from different cities and it was a bit of a shock. Nobody really went to college in my neighborhood…nobody ever talked about going to college.”
Classes were held all over Mesa until the Southern and Dobson campus was built then classes were held in portable classrooms. Of course, the campus was a lot different back then. Parking lots were paved in the dirt and there was little by way of permanent structures. A small sign stood as the sign for the campus to welcome students. Palomino chose MCC because it was a better fit for her, “There were smaller classes, you actually could approach any professor at any time…If I had a question I could knock on their door at any time and really ask them. They were always very accessible and they were very welcoming where they wanted you to succeed.” Tuition was low, class sizes were small and diverse, and the campus was accessible.
Very little has changed today.
Many students still choose MCC instead of one of Arizona's four-year institutions for these reasons. Palomino became a cheerleader and a member of Phi Theta Kappa and found ways to interact with teachers. They used the small classes sizes and accessible campus to get involved, “You saw your teachers on campus all the time. Ya Know? You really got to know who they were, their background. They were well educated…You had excellent teachers and an excellent curriculum.” MCC has always had an accessible campus and faculty that encourages students to become involved and get engaged with the teachers, the programs, and the campus.
MCC was also just a diverse then as it is now and encourages people from all walks to life to engage in higher education. Palomino is appreciative of the advisors, the faculty, and the whole community, “I was very thankful that we had MCC and not very many Hispanics went on to further education…Most of the Hispanics who went to MCC where like first generation kids who went on to college. So, they didn't have the support or the experience of their parents so it was a good way to further your education.”
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A spokesperson for Ralphie May says the comedian has died. They were 45.
In a statement Friday, publicist Stacey Pokluda says May died of cardiac arrest. They said they had been fighting pneumonia, which caused them to cancel a few appearances in the past month.
Their body was found Friday morning at a private residence in Las Vegas.
On Wednesday, the round-faced May was named casino comedian of the year at the Global Gaming Expo. They were booked through the rest of 2017 at Harrah's Las Vegas.
May, a Tennessee native who was raised in Arkansas, parlayed a second-place finish on TV's “Last Comic Standing” in 2003 into TV and club appearances.
Their publicist said May's survivors include their wife, Lahna Turner, and children April June and August James.
The drug lord known as El Chapo can hire a high-profile lawyer, but the judge overseeing their case won't guarantee they get paid.
Joaquin Guzman, who has been represented by public defenders, wants private attorney Jeffrey Lichtman to take over. But Guzman's assets are frozen, and there's a risk that the government could seize any legal fees they pay, claiming they're tainted by drug money.
"He's completely locked down so how do they pay us?" Lichtman told NBC News. "He can't just go to their checkbook in their jail cell and say, 'Here's a check, you're hired.'"
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed 'El Chapo' heads back to court to face drug trafficking charges 2:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
At a hearing on Monday, U.S. District Judge Brian Cogan said they wouldn't pressure the government to keep its hands off the cash. The accused Mexican cartel leader will instead be allowed to meet with a family member for the first time on Thursday to discuss how to pay the lawyer.
Cogan warned that if Guzman wants to change attorneys, they need to do it soon because they won't delay the trial, which is scheduled to start in April and could put Guzman behind bars for the rest of their life.
"It's very difficult to be ready for an April trial date when we can't come into the case because he's not even be able to meet with their family to arrange our fee," a frustrated Lichtman said outside court, adding that they still hoped something could be worked out.
"This is still America. The man deserves not only their choice of counsel, but also a fair trial," they said.
Guzman was extradited to the U.S. in January, a year after they were recaptured following a spectacular 2015 tunnel escape from a Mexican prison. He's charged with running a massive and murderous drug-trafficking operation that helped fuel an American drug epidemic.
He's being held in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day, except for meetings with their lawyers. When they arrived in the courtroom on Monday, they waved to wife Emma Coronel, who married them in 2007 while they were on the lam after their 2001 prison escape in a laundry cart.
The wife of "El Chapo", Emma Coronel Aispuro, will get to meet with them Thursday. Don Emmert / AFP/Getty Images
During the brief hearing, they looked frequently at the 27-year-old former beauty queen, their twin daughters and other supporters sitting in the second row, emotion crossing their face at times.
Lichtman said that in the last seven months, Guzman has not been allowed to meet with any relatives, including their wife and children, and can't even talk to jail guards because they don't speak any English.
The lawyer — whose past clients include terrorists and John "Junior" Gotti, the son of a mob boss — said the security arrangements were the most stringent he's seen in 27 years of practice.
"You walk to the courthouse and there are helicopters buzzing outside and there are men with automatic weapons with helmets on and it's just for a little guy," Lichtman told NBC News.
Related: 'El Chapo' Still in Solitary But Can Write to Wife
"This is a calm, serene guy so the whole thing is bizarre to us, every last aspect of this case," they said, adding that Guzman's reputation didn't match the man they met in jail.
"He's calm, he's very funny, I mean I had them laughing today. They had tears rolling down their face," they said. "This is a guy who's supposed to be a mass murderer. You would never think it if you met him."
Trump mocks exec for quitting advisory council over racism
hello
FILE - In this Sunday, Sept. 27, 2015, file photo, Merck Chairman and CEO Kenneth Frazier participates in a session "The Future of Impact," at the Clinton Global Initiative in New York. Frazier is resigning from the Presidentâs American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism." Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Va. U.S. President Donald Trump is being criticized for not explicitly condemning the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville. Associated Press
FILE - In this Thursday, Feb. 23, 2017, file photo, President Donald Trump, left, speaks during a meeting with manufacturing executives at the White House in Washington, including Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, center, and Ford CEO Mark Fields. Frazier is resigning from the Presidentâs American Manufacturing Council citing "a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism." Frazier's resignation comes shortly after a violent confrontation between white supremacists and protesters in Charlottesville, Va. Trump is being criticized for not explicitly condemning the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville. Associated Press
TRENTON, N.J. -- President Donald Trump lashed out at the CEO of the nation's third-largest pharmaceutical company after they resigned from a federal advisory council, citing the president's failure to immediately and explicitly rebuke the white nationalists who marched in Charlottesville, Virginia.
By early afternoon, the president did issue a direct condemnation of hate groups, but it did not appear to tamp down criticism that it was not done over the weekend when fringe groups clashed with protesters.
Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier wrote on Twitter Monday that "America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which runs counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal."
Frazier is one of the few African Americans to head a Fortune 500 company.
Trump mocked the executive almost immediately following the resignation, saying on Twitter that Frazier will now "have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!"
Drugmakers have come under withering criticism for soaring prices in the U.S., including by Trump, though they have yet to act on a promise to contain them.
With the barb, Trump appeared to attack an industry executive who has tried to make drug pricing somewhat more transparent by revealing their company's overall drug price changes.
In January, Merck reported that its average net prices - the amount the company receives after discounts and other rebates - increased in the years since 2010 in a range between 3.4 percent and 6.2 percent. That's about half as large as the increase in its retail prices.
The exchange lit up social media on Monday, with many people lauding Frazier and blasting the president.
Other corporate executives aired support for Frazier as well.
Unilever CEO Paul Polman wrote on Twitter, "Thanks @Merck Ken Frazier for strong leadership to stand up for the moral values that made this country what it is."
Frazier, who grew up in a poor neighborhood in Philadelphia, resigned days after one person was killed and others wounded in violent clashes between white supremacists and protesters.
Frazier and their siblings were raised by their janitor father after their mother died when they were very young. They have earned a reputation as a risk taker in the drug industry, pouring money into daunting research areas, particularly trying to develop a treatment for Alzheimer's disease.
Frazier is not the first executive to resign from advisory councils serving Trump.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk resigned from the manufacturing council in June, and two other advisory groups to the president, after the U.S. withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement. Walt Disney Co. Chairman and CEO Bob Iger resigned for the same reason from the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, which Trump established to advise them on how government policy impacts economic growth and job creation.
The manufacturing jobs council had 28 members initially, but it has shrunk since it was formed earlier this year as executives retire, are replaced, or, as with Frazier and Musk, resign.
William Galston, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, said they couldn't "think of a parallel example" of any president responding as viciously as Trump to a CEO departing an advisory council.
"Usually, certain niceties are observed to smooth over a rupture," said Galston, who served as a domestic policy aide in the Clinton administration.
"We've learned that as president, Mr. Trump is behaving exactly as they did as a candidate," Galston said. "He knows only one mode: When attacked, hit back harder."
___
AP Economics Writer Josh Boak in Washington contributed to this story.
___
Follow Linda A. Johnson at https://twitter.com/LindaJ_onPharma
Special counsel investigating Trump for possible obstruction of justice
hello
The special counsel overseeing the investigation into Russia's role in the 2016 election is interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of a widening probe that now includes an examination of whether President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice, officials said.
The move by Special Counsel Robert Mueller to investigate Trump's own conduct marks a major turning point in the nearly year-old FBI investigation, which until recently focused on Russian meddling during the presidential campaign and on whether there was any coordination between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin. Investigators have also been looking for any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates, officials said.
Trump had received private assurances from former FBI Director James Comey starting in January that they were not personally under investigation. Officials say that changed shortly after Comey's firing.
Five people briefed on the requests, who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly, said Daniel Coats, the current director of national intelligence, Adm. Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency, and Rogers' recently departed deputy, Richard Ledgett, agreed to be interviewed by Mueller's investigators as early as this week. The investigation has been cloaked in secrecy and it's unclear how many others have been questioned by the FBI.
The NSA said in statement that it will "fully cooperate with the special counsel," and declined to comment further. The office of Director of National Intelligence and Ledgett declined to comment.
The White House now refers all questions about the Russia investigation to Trump's personal lawyer, Marc Kasowitz. "The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal," said Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Kasowitz.
The officials said Coats, Rogers and Ledgett would appear voluntarily, though it remains unclear whether they will describe in full their conversations with Trump and other top officials, or will be directed by the White House to invoke executive privilege. It is doubtful the White House could ultimately use executive privilege to try to block them from speaking to Mueller's investigators. Experts point out that the Supreme Court ruled during the Watergate scandal that officials cannot use privilege to withhold evidence in criminal prosecutions.
The obstruction of justice investigation into the president began days after Comey was fired on May 9, according to people familiar with the matter. Mueller's office has now taken up that work, and the preliminary interviews scheduled with intelligence officials indicate their team is actively pursuing potential witnesses inside and outside the government.
The interviews suggest Mueller sees the attempted obstruction of justice question as more than just a "he said, they said" dispute between the president and the fired FBI director, an official said.
Probing the president for possible crimes is a complicated affair, even if convincing evidence of a crime is found. The Justice Department has long held that it would not be appropriate to indict a sitting president. Instead, experts say the onus would be on Congress to review any findings of criminal misconduct and then decide whether to initiate impeachment proceedings.
Comey confirmed publicly in congressional testimony on March 20 that the bureau was investigating possible coordination between the Trump campaign and the Russians.
Comey's statement before the House Intelligence Committee upset Trump, who has repeatedly denied that any coordination with the Russians took place. Trump had wanted Comey to disclose publicly that they aren't personally under investigation but the FBI director refused to do so.
Soon after, Trump spoke to Coats and Rogers about the Russia investigation.
Officials said one of the exchanges of potential interest to Mueller took place on March 22, less than a week after Coats was confirmed by the Senate to serve as the nation's top intelligence official.
Coats was attending a briefing at the White House together with officials from several other government agencies. When the briefing ended, as The Post previously reported, Trump asked everyone to leave the room except for Coats and CIA Director Mike Pompeo.
Coats told associates that Trump had asked them if they could intervene with Comey to get the bureau to back off its focus on former national security adviser Michael Flynn in its Russia probe, according to officials. Coats later told lawmakers that they never felt pressured to intervene.
A day or two after the March 22 meeting, Trump telephoned Coats and Rogers to separately ask them to issue public statements denying the existence of any evidence of coordination between their campaign and the Russian government.
Coats and Rogers refused to comply with the president's requests, officials said.
It is unclear whether Ledgett had direct contact with Trump or other top officials about the Russia probe, but they wrote an internal NSA memo documenting the president's phone call with Rogers, according to officials.
As part of the probe, the special counsel has also gathered Comey's written accounts of their conversations with Trump. The president has accused Comey of lying about those encounters.
Mueller is overseeing a host of investigations involving people who are or were in Trump's orbit, people familiar with the probe said. The investigation is examining possible contacts with Russian operatives as well as any suspicious financial activity related to those individuals.
Last week, Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee that they had informed Trump that there was no investigation of the president's personal conduct, at least while they were leading the FBI.
Comey's carefully worded comments, and those of Andrew McCabe, who took over as acting FBI director, suggested to some officials that a probe of Trump for attempted obstruction may have been launched after Comey's departure, particularly in light of Trump's alleged statements regarding Flynn.
"I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work toward, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense," Comey testified last week.
Mueller has not publicly discussed their work, and a spokesperson for the special counsel declined to comment.
Accounts by Comey and other officials of their conversations with the president could become central pieces of evidence if Mueller decides to pursue an obstruction case.
Investigators will also look for any statements the president may have made publicly and privately to people outside the government about their reasons for firing Comey and their concerns about the Russia probe and other related investigations, people familiar with the matter said.
Comey testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee last week that they were certain their firing was due to the president's concerns about the Russia probe, rather than over their handling of a now-closed FBI investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state, as the White House had initially asserted. "It's my judgment that I was fired because of the Russia investigation," Comey said. "I was fired, in some way, to change -- or the endeavor was to change the way the Russia investigation was being conducted."
The fired FBI director said ultimately it was up to Mueller to make a determination whether the president crossed a legal line.
In addition to describing their interactions with the president, Comey told the intelligence committee that while they were FBI director they told Trump on three separate occasions that they were not under investigation as part of a counterintelligence probe involving Russian meddling in the election.
Republican lawmakers seized on Comey's testimony to point out Trump wasn't in the FBI's crosshairs when Comey led the FBI.
After Comey's testimony in which they acknowledged telling Trump that they were not under investigation, Trump tweeted that they felt "total and complete vindication." It is unclear if McCabe, Comey's successor, has informed Trump of the change in the scope of the probe.
A Senate hearing Tuesday indicated the politics of the tax overhaul haven't changed since it passed in December, with Republicans singing its praises as an economist booster and Democrats torching it as a broken promise that mostly benefits the wealthiest.
Senator Ron Wyden, the ranking Democrat on the Finance Committee, zeroed in on a new report by the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation which found that almost half of the benefit of the 20 percent deduction for "pass-through" businesses like partnerships and LLCs would flow to those making $1 million and up.
In 2018, almost $18 billion of the $40 billion tax break would go to $1 million-or-more entities, the JCT said. By 2024, the figure for those earners rises to almost $32 billion of the $60 billion in pass-through tax breaks that year under the Republican law.
“People don't think millionaires are the regular garden-variety small businesses on Main Street,” Wyden said, asking witnesses to explain that finding.
The GOP tax law created a 20 percent deduction for pass-through businesses, whose income is reported on their owners' personal tax returns. Congress tried to bar wealthy owners of service businesses from getting the break -- leaving out many doctors, lawyers and hedge fund managers, but tax experts have said there are loopholes in the legislation that could allow for workarounds.
Technical Corrections
Doug Holtz-Eakin, an economist at the Republican-aligned group American Action Forum, which supports the tax law, defended the provision during the hearing as improving incentives to save invest and work. They said it would have been incomplete to stop at simply a corporate tax cut and not lower pass-through taxes as well, and added that benefits to pass-through owners will trickle down to workers.
"This is the foundation of the economics of the bill, which is improved incentives to save, invest and work," said Holtz-Eakin.
Wyden of Oregon said the law was “shaping up to be one of history's most expensive broken promises. Probably go right up there with ‘we will be greeted as liberators'” -- a reference to how some Iraq war proponents previewed the mission before U.S. forces invaded in 2003.
Senator Orrin Hatch of Utah, the Republican chairperson of the panel, said "every member who actively participated in drafting the bill should be proud of the new tax law."
“We were proud when we passed it, and we are even prouder now as all across the nation, evidence affirms that the new law is tangibly benefiting millions of Americans,” they said. “More than 500 companies have announced wage hikes, increased benefits, more jobs, and increased investment or expansion in the United States thanks to the new law.”
Hatch indicated that Congress should make technical corrections to the law, calling that “par for the course for any major tax bill.”
‘Fiscal Irresponsibility'
Legislation to make any tax rule fixes would require Democratic support -- so far, Republican leaders have signaled they won't vote on a stand-alone bill before congressional elections in November.
Numerous Democrats up for re-election in states that President Donald Trump carried -- including Senator Claire McCaskill of Missouri and Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio -- also criticized the law, which Republicans are hoping will help their candidates.
McCaskill, a top GOP target who faces re-election in a state Trump won by almost 19 points, knocked the tax law as a deficit-raiser that will disproportionately benefit top earners.
“It's truly stunning, this kind of fiscal irresponsibility,” they said.
Small businesses are spending way too much time and money on federal taxes, a new survey has found.
According to the National Small Business Association 2017 Small Business Taxation Survey (PDF), federal tax burden is one of the biggest challenges facing small businesses. The report finds the majority of small businesses (67 percent) are spending more than $1,000 each year on just the administration of federal taxes.
It also reveals one in three small businesses are spending more than 80 hours each year on federal taxes.
NSBA 2017 Small Business Taxation Survey
Administrative Burden Continues to be an Issue
There's also evidence this administrative burden weighs heavy on small business owners.
According to the survey, 58 percent of small businesses find the administrative burden of handling taxes a bigger issue than the actual financial cost of federal taxes (38 percent).
Businesses Want Tax Reform
What's worth noting is that for most small business owners, the possible elimination of deductions and credits without an offsetting reduction in tax rates is the top concern.
Not surprisingly, most surveyed small business owners support tax reform that would reduce taxes and deductions for both corporations and individuals.
“The need for broad tax reform — and not just a tinkering here and there — is a real need for millions of American small businesses,” said NSBA Chair Pedro Alfonso of Dynamic Concepts, Inc. in Washington, D.C.
The 2017 NSBA Small Business Taxation Survey was conducted online March 8-30 with responses from 950 small business owners.
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
I was a senior in high school, and it was just two weeks before Valentine's Day when Lisa called me. We were cousins, close in age, and were good friends.
“Daris, are you free the Saturday after Valentine's Day?” they asked
I knew I didn't have a wrestling meet that weekend, and I also knew I didn't need to check my social calendar because I didn't have a social life.
“Sure,” I replied. “What do you have in mind?”
“I have a friend named Tina,” they replied. “And they said they would set me up on a date to the Valentine's formal if I'd set them up with you.”
“Do I know her?” I asked.
“No. But I told them I had a good looking cousin, and they were excited.”
“Have I ever met your good looking cousin?” I asked.
“Very funny,” they replied. “But would you be willing to go? We could probably work out for you two to meet ahead of time.”
Lisa lived in a bigger town about forty-five minutes away. We talked about ways I could meet Tina, and I suddenly remembered something.
“Hey, Lisa,” I said. “We're wrestling your school's team down there this Friday. If they could come, that would give us a chance to meet.”
Lisa thought that was a good idea. They planned to come and would bring Tina.
The day of the meet came, and our team drove to Lisa's school. After weigh-ins, we gathered in the gym. The coach of the other team walked up to me.
“Howard,” they said, “I know you've beaten everyone whose come up against you, but tonight your reputation is going down. You're wrestling the fullback of our football team. He's big, strong, totally undefeated, and they plan to keep it that way.” They then laughed and walked away.
“Howard, does that make you nervous?” Lenny, my friend, asked.
“Not in the slightest,” I replied. “There's more to wrestling than just strength.”
But with Lisa and Tina watching, I hoped I would win.
That evening, by the time we got to my match, our team was down by ten points with only three matches to go. When my opponent stepped onto the mat, they turned to face the home crowd, and they rose to their feet and cheered, whistled, and stomped.
They and I shook hands, and within seconds after the whistle blew, I had them down and on their back. By the end of the second round, I was ahead fifteen to nothing. I was determined to get the pin in the third. But as I tried to work them into a pin position, they put out their arm. When I tried to force it, they groaned. Twice I backed off to let them pull in their arm, but each time I went again, they did the same thing. I finally decided they must be more limber than I thought, and I pushed on through. They yelled to the ref to stop the match, and we untangled. Their shoulder was hurt, and they had to default.
After that, Tina refused to go to the dance with me. So Lisa brought over a girl named Kim, who was very shy. I thought they were probably pretty, but they hadn't made themselves up. Lisa whispered for me to ask Kim, and when I did, Kim nodded but turned their eyes from me.
The night of the dance came, and Lisa helped Kim fix themselves up. I thought Kim was beautiful. Kim's cousin, Sam, went with Lisa, and we had a fun dinner together. After we arrived at the dance, Sam and I went to get some punch for our dates. When we got back, I found some boys surrounding Kim, teasing them They were crying.
“I hear your date is a wimpy South. boy,” I heard one say. “You must be desperate.”
The other boys laughed. That was when I tapped the boy that had said it on the shoulder. They turned to look at me, their arm in a sling. The shock on their face at seeing me again was priceless.
“How's the arm?” I asked.
Lisa later told me they never teased Kim again.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Google has released version 66 (specifically version 66.0.3359.117) of its Chrome Web browser, which the company says will mute auto-play videos. However, there are some exceptions, and in our testing, the results are mixed. If you have interacted with a site in any way, auto-play video is allowed, so the feature may not prove as useful as it could be.
It's also worth noting that a previous Chrome release included an ad-blocker. It doesn't block all ads but does filter out the most egregious ones, making the Web more tolerable for those who aren't already using an ad-blocking extension. (And remember, stick with well-known ad blockers — there are some sketchy ones out there.)
To see if you have the update and install it if necessary, choose Chrome > About Google Chrome. If Chrome is not up to date, it will automatically download the latest version, and you'll have to relaunch Chrome to finish the installation.
Read original article
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
OTTAWA — Health Canada says there were 1,179 medically assisted deaths between Jan. 1 and June 30 this year, accounting for about 0.9 per cent of all deaths nationally.
In the previous six months, the first half-year in which medical assistance in dying was legal, there were 803 assisted deaths, or 0.6 per cent of all deaths.
The department says the overall numbers are consistent with international experience.
Cancer was the most frequent underlying medical condition in assisted deaths, cited in 63 per cent of cases.
The Health Canada findings in its second interim report on medical assistance in dying say the average patient was 73 at death.
While some patients were between 18 and 45 at the time of death, the vast majority of cases involved people aged 56 to 85.
The report says there was a slight decrease in the number of patients dying in hospitals, with more people choosing to end their lives at home.
The law allowing medical assistance in dying went into effect in June 2016.
Since then provincial laws dealing with assisted death have been clarified or expanded and other changes are likely.
"It is expected that how services are organized, delivered and monitored will continue to evolve as data becomes more available and jurisdictions are able to evaluate existing policies and service delivery models," the report said.
The Canadian Press
Rani Mukerji Would Love To Star With The Khans All Over Again!
"I'd love to do a film with them again; because my learning, right from the beginning of my career, has been through them. I respect them immensely and for who they are today."
Pure Talent Maintained Their Stardom
"It's not normal to maintain their stardom for so many years. There definitely has to be something in them which is why they are ruling even today," said Rani Mukerji.
SRK, Salman & Aamir Are Special!
"There's something special about Shahrukh, Salman and Aamir and nobody can deny that. More than that, the fact that they are so sincere towards their craft and their work; which is something you have to learn."
Learning With The Best
"As an actor, it's not about working with a co-star. It is about what all you take back working with them. And I've learnt a lot working with the Khans," Rani Mukerji summed it up.
On The Work Front
Rani Mukerji is gearing up for the release of their upcoming film Hichki, where they play the role of a school teacher who suffers from Tourette Syndrome. The film is all set to hit the theatres on March 23, 2018.
Ramona Singer: I'm 58 and look fab in my bandage dress! This week, Patrick Couderc, the managing director of Hervé Léger in London, insisted that women of a certain age, as well as lesbians, shouldn't wear their company's curve-hugging creations. “What...
Fashion exec axed after lesbian, weight comments Patrick Couderc said “voluptuous” women and lesbians should not wear Hervé Léger's famous bandage dress.
Theresa May's terrible week
The Conservative party conference was supposed to be the prime minister's big moment, yet their keynote speech was a disaster and the overall mood was flat. So where does the party go now, and how does it find some fresh policies to beat Jeremy Corbyn? With George Parker, Henry Mance and Miranda Green of the Financial Times.
Sleep aids linked to the deaths of 12 babies have been pulled from Tesco shelves.
eBay has also withdrawn the items from sale, but other British supermarkets and high street retailers as well online firms are still selling the baby sleep positioners.
Tesco and eBay say they have stopped selling the baby sleep positioners, which have been linked to 12 deaths in the US, with Mothercare reportedly following suit.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) had previously advised parents not to use the products, and renewed its advice this week, re-emphasising its warning that the pillows can cause newborns to suffocate.
The sleep positioners, also called “nests” or “anti-roll” cushions, are supposed to help babies to get to sleep, but instead there are fears that they could cut off a baby's oxygen.
According to the FDA, the deaths occurred when babies rolled from their sides onto their fronts before they stopped breathing.
The Lullaby Trust (www.lullabytrust.org.uk), a cot death charity which advises the NHS, offers an advice sheet which states: “There is no need to use any type of equipment or rolled up blankets to keep your baby in one position unless you have been advised by a health professional for a specific medical condition.
“It is much safer for your baby to be in their cot with just the sheets or blankets, and no extras which could be pulled over their face or cause an accident.”
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is heading to New York Wednesday for critical meetings with Kim Jong-un's right-hand man, Kim Yong Chol, a former intelligence chief and current vice chairperson of North Korea's ruling Workers' Party.
Arriving at New York's JFK Airport on Wednesday, Kim is the highest-ranking official to visit the U.S. from Pyongyang since October of 2000, when President Bill Clinton was considering normalizing relations with North Korea.
Their visit is not without complications: Kim, seen sitting behind Ivanka Trump at the PyeongChang Olympics, has been sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury for North Korea's 2014 cyberattack on SONY Pictures, supposedly prompted by the studio's film, "The Interview," ridiculing the ruling Kim clan.  They are also blamed for trading in proscribed conventional arms, and for being the toughest negotiator at previous nuclear arms talks with the U.S. South Korea claims they were also responsible for the sinking of its Navy ship, the Cheonan, in 2010, killing 46 sailors.
State Department officials confirm that Kim received permission to travel to New York, despite those sanctions, as has been done in the past for high-level diplomats. Pompeo and Gen. Kim have met twice before, during Pompeo's recent visits to Pyongyang.
U.S. officials and outside experts see these talks as a critical step in determining whether to proceed with a summit between President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un in Singapore on June 12.
Kim was also seen at Kim Jong-un's side during last weekend's hastily convened mini-summit at the demilitarized zone with South Korea's President Moon Jae-In, a meeting sought by the North Koreans to salvage the summit after Trump's abrupt cancellation of the meeting in a letter two days earlier.
The New York meetings are taking place as a separate team of American experts has been meeting in North Korea to hammer out the outlines of a joint summit declaration focusing on the timing and components of what each side means by "denuclearization."
NBC News has been told by three U.S. officials that a recent CIA analysis concluded that Kim Jong-un would never give up the nuclear program their country has been developing for seven decades, a finding that conflicts with statements by Trump that Pyongyang intends to denuclearize in the future.
Separately, a team led by the foremost American scientific expert on the North Korean program, Stanford University Professor Siegfried Hecker, a former director of the Los Alamos weapons laboratory in New Mexico, reported this week that full denuclearization of North Korea's massive nuclear weapons and missile complex would take 15 years, and require an unprecedented inspection and verification challenge.
The short time frame to conclude pre-summit negotiations and logistics is further complicated by the changeover at the State Department: Pompeo, who was confirmed only last month, has already sidelined Rex Tillerson's top adviser on Asia, Acting Assistant Secretary of State Susan Thornton. Tillerson fought with White House hardliners to get Thornton nominated to that post.
Thornton, who always traveled with Tillerson, was noticeably missing from both of Pompeo's trips to North Korea, as well their New York meetings with Kim. In fact, Pompeo hinted at a shakeup during testimony to the Senate Foreign Relations Committee last week, saying they were "close to making a number of significant announcements about new members of the team, Assistant Secretary for East Asia Affairs and South Asia among them."
There are reports that Thornton's nomination will be withdrawn after the Singapore summit. There is also a major vacancy in Seoul, South Korea: No confirmed U.S. ambassador, although Adm. Harry Harris, currently the head of the Pacific Command, has been nominated for that post.
U.S officials said Pompeo, who met with Trump before leaving for New York, will have dinner with the North Korean Wednesday night in New York in addition to Thursday's meetings.
Coordinating the multi-pronged summit is also challenging because of allied concerns: Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is seeking reassurance that potential normalization of relations between North and South Korea will not undermine their country's strategic interests. They will be coming to Washington to meet with President Trump next Thursday.
Keep your radios tuned into 100.3 Jack FM ALL WEEKEND for your chance to see Mariah Carey and Lionel Richie LIVE!
Listen ALL-DAY Saturday and Sunday for your chance to win a pair of tickets to their August 3rd show at American Airlines Centers.
Plus they are running a Father's Day offer this weekend! Buy 3 tickets and get Dad's ticket free! You can learn more right HERE.
Or just keep it tuned to 100.3 Jack FM ALL WEEKEND for your chance to win!
A Borders charity is riding high after a funding boost of almost £106,000 secured its future for the next three years.
Stable Life, which offer therapeutic and support activities with horses for young people, has been given £105,957 to fund its staff until 2021.
Based at Dryden Farm, near Ashkirk since 2013, the charity supports youngsters who are in distress, struggling with poor mental health or abuse, or are at risk of exclusion from school.
It offers sessions which help those young people feel happier, more confident and better able to cope, by teaching them about horse behaviour and engaging them in their daily routines at the stables.
It's eight staff members and additional volunteers hold sessions which encourage young people to use calm and positive communication techniques encourage bonds with the horses, and also to carry those techniques into their day-to-day lives.
The sessions are guided by experienced staff who also offer workshops on independent living, arts and crafts, volunteering, support with work placements and advice on helping the young people explore their feelings and discover strategies to better manage their emotions.
Stable Life's chief executive and secretary Margaret Powell said: “You can visibly see young people relax as soon as they walk into the stable, which is really important as the horse will respond to positive cues and empathy.
“Ultimately, these activities can help young people become more self-aware of their own emotions, giving them greater perspective and control in difficult situations.
“We are grateful for this continuation grant from BBC Children in Need and the great work it will allow us to do in the years to come.”
The charity, headed up by a board of six trustees, is reliant on grants like this one to pay for everything from suppling riding gloves to buying wheelbarrows and feed, and does also bring in funds itself through hiring out of the indoor and outdoor schools and offering liveries at the stables.
Florence Burke, head of BBC Children in Need in Scotland, added: “We are delighted to fund the work of Stable Life and we look forward to seeing the difference they make to the lives of children and young people across the Borders who need it most.
“We are incredibly grateful for the public's generosity as they make this possible.”
Ciel Power LLC Designated As The Home Energy Audit provider for the Borough of Madison $49 Home Energy Assessment Campaign
(PRUnderground) February 14th, 2017
Ciel Power LLC, a leading provider of residential energy audits and energy-efficient home retrofits today announced that it has been awarded a contract designating Ciel Power LLC as the official home energy audit provider of the Borough of Madison $49 Home Energy Assessment campaign.
Ciel Power LLC will work directly with the Borough of Madison to promote and administer energy auditing services to Madison residents as part of the campaign designed to promote energy-efficiency and sustainability resources.
Scott Fischer, a Managing Member of Ciel Power LLC says, “We're thrilled that the Borough of Madison selected Ciel Power as its official home energy audit provider.” Scott continued, “The Borough of Madison $49 Home Energy Assessment program utilizes a ‘whole-house' approach to identify prescriptive improvements to improve a home's safety, comfort, and energy efficiency. Residents who participate in this program will get detailed reports delivered by experienced consultants who explain in an easy-to-understand format, savings projections, comprehensive project pricing, and detailed incentive breakdowns.”
As a New Jersey Home Performance with Energy Star Accredited Contractor, Ciel will provide Madison residents with access to financing and incentives available through New Jersey Clean Energy's Home Performance with Energy Star Program. The 2016 NJHPwES program is currently providing cash back incentives of up to $4000 and up to $15,000 worth of incentive financing to New Jersey residents to help defray the cost of installing energy efficiency improvements.
As part of this contract, Ciel Power LLC will provide energy auditing services to Madison residents at a discounted rate. Ciel Power LLC will perform audits based on the guidelines set forth by the Building Performance Institute which include safety and efficiency testing of combustion appliances, depressurization of the home, evaluation of existing insulation levels, and a comprehensive report outlining specific deficiencies and prioritized list of recommended improvements based on overall return on investment.
About Ciel Power LLC
Ciel Power LLC is a Building Performance Institute Accredited Contractor, a New Jersey Home Performance with Energy Star Accredited Contractor, a Better Business Bureau Accredited Contractor, and is a Licensed New Jersey Home Improvement Contractor (NJHIC#13VH06170900) with offices in Lyndhurst, New Jersey.
Ciel Power provides services to customers throughout the state of New Jersey. For more information about Ciel Power LLC our products and services, visit www.cielpower.com or call 201-632-3463.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE (CBSMiami/NSF) — Florida's western Panhandle is expected to get major winds, storm surge and rain as Tropical Storm Nate moves through the area.
A hurricane watch was in effect Friday afternoon in Florida from the Alabama border to the county line of Okaloosa and Walton counties. A tropical storm watch was in place from the Walton County line to Indian Pass, which is south of Port St. Joe in Gulf County.
A storm surge watch covered the coast from the Alabama state line to Indian Pass, including Pensacola, Fort Walton Beach and Panama City.
A watch means the conditions could arise within the next 48 hours.
“We're going to get rain. We're going to get storm surge. We're going to get wind. We don't know how bad it's going to be,” Gov. Rick Scott said Friday during a mid-day briefing in Escambia County. “This storm, like all these storms, is going to change. So you have got to stay vigilant.”
Scott also warned of rip currents and tornadoes.
Local officials haven't ordered coastal evacuations, but bridges will be closed if maximum sustained winds reach 40 mph.
A 2 p.m. forecast from the National Hurricane Center put Nate on course to become a hurricane Saturday afternoon, come ashore that night in Louisiana or Mississippi and then veer east as a tropical storm.
A hurricane warning is in place from Grand Isle, La., to the Alabama-Florida border.
Florida emergency-management officials have been coordinating with fuel suppliers, grocers and utilities to prepare for the storm.
Scott cautioned people to keep an eye on the storm, noting that Hurricane Harvey, while in the Gulf of Mexico in August, went from a tropical system to a Category 4 hurricane in under 48 hours before making landfall in Texas.
But Scott also said Florida is in a better position with Nate than Irma because there aren't concerns about fuel shortages, as was the case before powerful and deadly Irma swept through the state Sept. 10 and Sept. 11.
“With regard to Irma it was right after (Hurricane) Harvey, the refineries were shut down, so going into Irma we were low on fuel,” Scott said. “We are not low on fuel. We've been having daily calls with the oil companies, all the suppliers, so we're not short today like we were walking into Irma. We were worried that we wouldn't have enough fuel to make sure everybody could evacuate. That's not true today.”
Nate has already been blamed for at least 22 deaths in Central America.
In preparing for the storm, Scott on Thursday declared a state of emergency for 29 counties along the Gulf Coast and in North Florida: Escambia, Santa Rosa, Okaloosa, Walton, Holmes, Washington, Bay, Jackson, Calhoun, Gulf, Gadsden, Liberty, Franklin, Leon, Wakulla, Jefferson, Madison, Taylor, Hamilton, Suwannee, Lafayette, Dixie, Columbia, Gilchrist, Levy, Baker, Union, Bradford, and Alachua.
(The News Service of Florida's Margie Menzel contributed to this report.)
A mother struck by a hit-and-run driver while returning home from work Friday evening is fighting for their life. NBC 7's Omari Fleming reports. (Published Monday, Sept. 25, 2017)
An Encinitas man is out on bail, accused of striking a woman, stopping briefly and then fleeing the scene, the San Diego County Sheriff's Department said. The woman is now fighting for their life and their family called the driver's actions inexcusable.
Ashley Mullins Lane was crossing Encinitas Boulevard on their way to catch the coaster Friday, September 22 when they were hit by a white, Ford F-15 pickup.
The 33-year-old mother has been hospitalized since the collision with serious head, spine, pelvis and limb injuries. Deputies said Lane has also suffered three strokes.
The driver sought in the collision turned themselves into the authorities on Thursday at 6:30 p.m., deputies said.
Justin Walt Parker was booked on one charge of hit and run with serious bodily injury and an unrelated gun charge. They were released Friday on $250,000 bail.
A search warrant served at a custom automotive shop in Riverside uncovered Parker's truck and additional evidence according to investigators. The truck had already been repaired, deputies said.
During a search warrant at Parker's home, investigators also uncovered two large-capacity rifle magazines.
In an online statement, Lane's family confirmed the news of the arrest.
“Accidents happen, but fleeing the scene and leaving someone who is hurt is inexcusable,” the family said. “This is not the end. Ashley will have months, and possibly even years, of recovery ahead of her.”
Lane's family has set up an online funding page to help with medical bills as they had a temporary lapse in their medical insurance coverage. Those wishing to donate can click here.
Anyone with additional information on the incident is asked to contact the North Coastal Traffic Division at (760) 966-3544 or Crime Stoppers at (888)580-8477.
Foreign States May Have Interfered in Brexit Vote, Report Says
Foreign governments such as Russia and China may have been involved in the collapse of a voter registration website in the run-up to the EU referendum, a committee of MPs has claimed.
A report by the Commons public administration and constitutional affairs committee (PACAC) said MPs were deeply concerned about the allegations of foreign interference in last year's Brexit vote.
The committee does not identify who may have been responsible, but has noted that both Russia and China use an approach to cyber-attacks based on an understanding of mass psychology and of how to exploit individuals.
The findings follow repeated claims that Russia has been involved in trying to influence the US and French presidential elections.
Ministers were forced to extend the deadline to register to vote in the EU referendum after the collapse of the government's website on 7 June, 100 minutes before the deadline.
The collapse resulted in concerns that tens of thousands of people could have been disenfranchised.
At the time, the government said it was the result of an unprecedented spike in demand, with more than 500,000 people trying to register on the final day.
The report, published on Wednesday, said there were clues that a distributed denial of service attack (DDOS) using botnets -- a network of computers infected with malicious software -- was used to overwhelm the site.
"The crash had indications of being a DDOS 'attack.' We understand that this is very common and easy to do with botnets... The key indicants are timing and relative volume rate," the committee's report said.
While the incident had no material effect on the outcome of the referendum, the committee said it was crucial that lessons were learned for future votes that must extend beyond purely technical issues.
The report noted: "The US and UK understanding of 'cyber' is predominantly technical and computer network-based.
"For example, Russia and China use a cognitive approach based on understanding of mass psychology and of how to exploit individuals.
"The implications of this different understanding of cyber-attack, as purely technical or as reaching beyond the digital to influence public opinion, for the interference in elections and referendums are clear.
"PACAC is deeply concerned about these allegations about foreign interference," the report concluded.
Britain is being hit by dozens of cyber-attacks a month, including attempts by Russian state-sponsored hackers to steal defence and foreign policy secrets, GCHQ's new security chief, Ciaran Martin, said in February.
The chancellor, Philip Hammond, said the National Cyber Security Centre, which Martin heads, had blocked 34,550 "potential attacks" on government departments and members of the public in the six months to February -- about 200 cases a day.
The committee, which is chaired by the senior backbencher Bernard Jenkin, was also highly critical of the way David Cameron held the referendum to "call the bluff" of their critics and then resigned when they lost.
It said that in future referendums, the prime minister of the day should be prepared to carry on in office and to implement the result, whatever the outcome.
"There was no proper planning for a leave vote so the EU referendum opened up much new controversy and left the prime minister's credibility destroyed," it said.
"It should be reasonable to presume that the sitting prime minister and his/her administration will continue in office and take responsibility for the referendum result in either eventuality."
According to the report, there were many occasions in the run up to the vote when it appeared officials were being drawn into "referendum controversy", damaging the civil service's reputation for impartiality.
© 2017 Guardian under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Read more on: Cybercrime, Cybersecurity, Ransomware, Brexit, Hackers, Election, DDoS, Botnet
TORONTO — Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne says they would welcome U.S. President Donald Trump's education secretary to visit the province's public schools if they choose to reschedule a cancelled visit.
Wynne says they were looking forward to an opportunity to show Betsy DeVos a strong, publicly funded education system — even though they don't agree with some of their positions.
DeVos advocates for school choice, including vouchers that allow kids to attend charter schools — which are publicly funded but privately operated — or private schools on the public dime
DeVos has also attracted protests recently for revoking a guidance that instructed colleges on how to handle sexual assault cases, saying the previous policy was unfairly skewed against those accused of assault, and for the department of education rolling back rules allowing transgender students to use school restrooms of their choice.
Ontario teachers' unions expressed concerns about DeVos' planned visit, which they cancelled this week the day before it was set to begin, citing scheduling issues.
The NDP called on the government to not allow DeVos to tour schools in the province — a position Wynne says they don't understand.
"I don't agree with the positions that Secretary DeVos has taken in the past, that's true, but I think that's all the more reason to have an opportunity to showcase what we do in our schools and how strong a publicly funded education system can be," Wynne said Friday.
"So I honestly don't understand why we would want to hide that under a bushel. I would think we'd want to celebrate the success of our publicly funded education system."
The Canadian Press
SUMMARY: Weekend storm system will bring a chance of rain by Sunday. Click on the video for a more complete forecast.
THIS MORNING: Mostly clear skies with frigid temperatures near 20 inland and middle 20s near the coast.
SATURDAY AFTERNOON: In spite of plenty of sunshine, it will remain cold with afternoon highs only in the lower to middle 40s. Winds will be light, however. So, we won't have to deal with a wind chill factor.
SUNDAY: Rain will develop with highs near 60.
THANK YOU FOR TRUSTING WNCT 9 FIRST ALERT WEATHER! Weather changes quickly. Your full team of First Alert meteorologists- Jerry Jackson, Dontae Jones, Megan Lindsey and David Sawyer- will keep you updated.
To follow us “on the go”, check out these links:
– Follow WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Twitter by CLICKING HERE.
– Connect with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather and join a growing network of friends with WNCT 9 First Alert Weather on Facebook by CLICKING HERE.
– Download our WNCT 9 First Alert Weather app, available for free in the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. You can see First Alert VIPIR 9, detailed forecasts, weather maps, and severe weather alerts.
Greenville, NC Hourly Forecast 24 ° F precip: 0% 28 ° F precip: 0% 32 ° F precip: 0% 34 ° F precip: 0% 36 ° F precip: 0% 38 ° F precip: 0% 40 ° F precip: 0% 41 ° F precip: 0% 42 ° F precip: 0% 41 ° F precip: 0% 37 ° F precip: 0% 33 ° F precip: 0% 32 ° F precip: 0% 32 ° F precip: 0% 32 ° F precip: 0% 31 ° F precip: 0% 31 ° F precip: 0% 31 ° F precip: 0% 32 ° F precip: 10% 32 ° F precip: 10% 33 ° F precip: 10% 33 ° F precip: 10% 35 ° F precip: 10% 36 ° F precip: 10% 39 ° F precip: 10% 44 ° F precip: 0% 50 ° F precip: 20% 56 ° F precip: 40% 59 ° F precip: 50% 60 ° F precip: 80% 58 ° F precip: 90% 57 ° F precip: 100% 56 ° F precip: 100% 56 ° F precip: 90% 55 ° F precip: 100% 54 ° F precip: 70% 54 ° F precip: 70% 53 ° F precip: 50% 52 ° F precip: 10% 51 ° F precip: 10% 49 ° F precip: 10% 47 ° F precip: 10% 46 ° F precip: 10% 44 ° F precip: 10% 43 ° F precip: 10% 41 ° F precip: 10% 39 ° F precip: 10% Inland Forecast Coastal Forecast Day Planner Hourly Forecast
James Prile given penalty points and a £790 for hospitalising Christopher Marcus
A driver in Essex has admitted to driving without due car and attention after hitting a cyclist and driving off, saying that they “thought he'd driven over a kebab box”.
James Prile admitted to having knocked Christopher Marcus off their bike on August 14 2016, continuing with their journey to the supermarket before getting a call from their wife saying that they were being sought by police.
>>> MPs launch inquiry into soft sentences for drivers who kill or injure cyclists
Mr Marcus suffered injuries to their head and pelvis, and told Essex Live that they had no recollection of the crash.
“One second I was cycling, and the next I was on the floor surrounded by paramedics telling me not to move.
The Supreme Court on Monday morning turned down a request to consider whether Arizona's death penalty law, or the death penalty more broadly, is unconstitutional — with four justices expressing concern with the state's system for deciding who is eligible for the death penalty.
Abel Daniel Hidalgo, convicted of murder and sentenced to death in Arizona, asked the justices to consider whether the death penalty is constitutional — a question that Justice Stephen Breyer, supported by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg at times, has been asking the high court to reconsider since 2015.
At a minimum, Hidalgo asked that the court consider whether Arizona's death penalty law does enough to narrow who is eligible for the death penalty among those convicted of murder — a requirement to ensure that states with the death penalty are acting legislatively to "limit the class of murderers to which the death penalty may be applied." Hidalgo argued that the "aggravating factors" justifying a death sentence in Arizona are so many and so broad that nearly everyone convicted of murder there is eligible for the death penalty.
Neal Katyal, a partner at Hogan Lovells who served as acting solicitor general for a little more than a year during former President Barack Obama's first term, brought the case to the Supreme Court this past August — asking the court to take up Breyer's call, which they issued in a dissent to the Glossip v. Gross decision upholding Oklahoma's lethal injection protocol.
After keeping the case in limbo for months, the court on Monday took up neither issue. In doing so, however, four justices issued an unusual "statement respecting the denial of certiorari," concluding that the Arizona Supreme Court had misapplied prior US Supreme Court precedent regarding the "narrowing requirement" but agreeing "with the Court's decision today to deny certiorari."
Such statements in and of themselves are not unusual — Justice Sonia Sotomayor issued one in a different criminal case on Monday. The fact that Breyer was joined by three of their colleagues in their Hidalgo statement, however, suggests that, if the four had wanted to push the issue, they could have forced the court to take the case because while it takes five votes to win a case it only takes four justices to hear a case.
Breyer — joined by Ginsburg and Sotomayor, as well as Justice Elena Kagan — wrote that the question of whether the Arizona law actually narrows the class of people convicted of murder who are eligible for the death penalty is "an important Eighth Amendment question."
Breyer spent seven pages explaining why they believe the Arizona law does not have a constitutionally sufficient "narrowing requirement." Nonetheless, they concluded that "the record as it has come to us is limited and largely unexamined by experts and the courts below in the first instance." With a more fully developed record — evaluation of empirical evidence about the alleged lack of narrowing in the Arizona law — Breyer concluded that "the issue presented in this petition will be better suited for certiorari with such a record."
The unspoken force at play on Monday was Justice Anthony Kennedy, whose vote — along, increasingly, with Chief Justice John Roberts — generally controls the outcome in death penalty cases. Kennedy has ruled to narrow the classes of who is eligible for the death penalty in America and voted to overturn individual death sentences in extreme cases, but has generally opposed challenges to the method of execution and has not joined Breyer in their call for a wholesale review of the punishment's constitutionality.
Some liberal opponents of the death penalty, however, have been hopeful that, if faced with the question, Kennedy would side with the opponents. The possibility that President Donald Trump could nominate a replacement for Kennedy or one of the more liberal justices if any of them leave the bench had led some advocates to want to press the issue with the hopes that the current court would hear such a case.
Kennedy issued no statement regarding the decision not to hear Hidalgo's case.
Katyal, in a tweet Monday morning, expressed their disappointment that the court will not be hearing Hidalgo's case but maintained their hope that the Supreme Court, eventually, will conclude that "the death penalty, as practically administered in this country, is unconstitutional."
This event is brought to you by the Student Activities Board. Student Activities | 806.742.4708 | www.sab.ttu.edu | sab@ttu.edu facebook.com/TexasTechSAB Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat: @TexasTechSAB Join SAB in making DIY sugar scrubs as a part of Women's Night at the Rec. February 9, 8-10 come find the SAB table at Women's Night at the Rec! Posted:
2/2/2018
Originator:
Gabrielle Diaz
Email:
gabrielle.diaz@ttu.edu
Department:
N/A
Event Information
Time: 8:00 PM - 10:00 PM
Event Date: 2/9/2018
Location:
Rec Center
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Arts & Entertainment
Student Organization
More than 3,000 locomotive engineers and conductors at Canadian Pacific Railway have reached a tentative labour agreement.
Workers represented by the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference (TCRC) reached a deal Wednesday, ending a strike that began the previous evening.
Full operations at CP are expected to resume Thursday, May 31 at 6 in the morning, the TCRC said in a prepared statement.
“We believe this is a fair contract that our members can feel good about ratifying,” said union president Doug Finnson.
The tentative agreement has yet to be ratified by TCRC members, the union added.
That process is expected to take place over the coming months.
Details of the agreement are being withheld pending ratification.
CP also announced Tuesday (May 29) that it has reached a tentative three-year labour agreement with signal maintainers represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW).
Contact brian.cross@producer.com
DUANVALE, Jamaica: Violet Brown spent much of their life cutting sugarcane in the fields around their home in western Jamaica. They attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken and celebrated their 117th birthday last month.
On Saturday, they are believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899.
Brown told The Associated Press they are surprised but grateful to have lived this long.
“This is what God has given me, so I have to take it — long life,” Brown said in an interview in their home in the town of Duanvale.
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people. Its website says they were born on March 10, 1900.
Brown has not yet been declared the world's oldest by Guinness World Records, considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young's group. Young said they have met Brown and examined their birth certificate, which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of their birth.
“She's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time,” Young said.
Jamaica's prime minister congratulated Brown on Twitter.
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world's oldest person title.
“It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process,” Guinness spokesperson Elizabeth Montoya said. “There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete.”
Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home they share with their 97-year-old son.  They are able to sit up by themselves and walk short distances. And while they are hard of hearing, they offered swift, complete responses to questions about their life and family.
The secret to long life is hard work, they said.
“I was a cane farmer. I would do every work myself,” they said. “I worked, me and my husband, over that hill.”
They also credited their Christian faith for their long life.
“I've done nearly everything at the church,” they said. “I spent all my time in the church. I like to sing. I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up,” to today, they said.
DUANVALE, Jamaica: Violet Brown spent much of their life cutting sugarcane in the fields around their home in western Jamaica. They attended church regularly, avoids pork and chicken and celebrated their 117th birthday last month.
On Saturday, they are believed to have become the world's oldest living person following the death of Emma Morano of Italy, born Nov. 29, 1899.
Brown told The Associated Press they are surprised but grateful to have lived this long.
“This is what God has given me, so I have to take it — long life,” Brown said in an interview in their home in the town of Duanvale.
Brown is considered to be the oldest person in the world with credible birth documentation, according to Robert Young, director of the supercentenarian research and database division at Gerontology Research Group, a network of volunteer researchers into the world's oldest people. Its website says they were born on March 10, 1900.
Brown has not yet been declared the world's oldest by Guinness World Records, considered to be the official arbiter of the oldest person title but Guinness depends heavily on Young's group. Young said they have met Brown and examined their birth certificate, which was issued by the British authorities who governed Jamaica at the time of their birth.
“She's the oldest person that we have sufficient documentation for at this time,” Young said.
Jamaica's prime minister congratulated Brown on Twitter.
Guinness said it was researching a number of candidates for the new world's oldest person title.
“It can be a uniquely complex and sometimes lengthy process,” Guinness spokesperson Elizabeth Montoya said. “There is no confirmation of a new titleholder until our thorough processes are complete.”
Brown has two caregivers and spends most of the day resting in the home they share with their 97-year-old son.  They are able to sit up by themselves and walk short distances. And while they are hard of hearing, they offered swift, complete responses to questions about their life and family.
The secret to long life is hard work, they said.
“I was a cane farmer. I would do every work myself,” they said. “I worked, me and my husband, over that hill.”
They also credited their Christian faith for their long life.
“I've done nearly everything at the church,” they said. “I spent all my time in the church. I like to sing. I spent all my time in the church from a child to right up,” to today, they said.
The north and southbound U.S. Highway 95 at Interstate 15 are scheduled to close from May 18-21, during the hours of 10 p.m. to 5 a.m., according to the Nevada Department of Transportation.
NDOT said that Martin Luther King Boulevard at U.S. 95 is also scheduled to close within the same time frame. I-15 and the Spaghetti Bowl ramps will remain open.
Alternative routes suggested by NDOT for northbound traffic include Boulder Highway, Charleston Boulevard and Eastern Avenue.
Southbound traffic options are Valley View Boulevard, Rancho Drive and Decatur Boulevard.
The road closures are needed for bridge construction as part of “The Main Event” for Project Neon, NDOT said.
Project Neon is entering its third and final phase, and NDOT said that the project is 65 percent done.
NDOT said the project is aiming for completion by summer of 2019.
Motorists are asked to use caution while driving through the work zone, use alternate detour routes and heed construction signs.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Donald Trump's love of manufacturing is misguided
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Mansfield Town are now officially League Two's ‘comeback kings'.
After trailing and then victory late on for the second weekend in a row, the Stags have now come from behind to win more times than any other side in League Two.
“It speaks volumes for the players and the characters we've got in the dressing room,” said manager Steve Evans.
“We are never beaten. Some weeks we are being well beaten in terms of goals but we've never been beaten in terms of effort and determination, trying to win a game or get a point if we're losing.
“We have tried to instil in this group since the first day they came together – don't lose a game, draw a game, or don't draw a game, win a game.
“We may lose it. At Morecambe we left some gaps at the back in added time as we were trying to win the game – and we won it.
“Certainly where I come from, fortune normally follows the brave.”
GRIFTON, N.C. (WNCT) – Good news for Grifton small business owners your water rates will soon be back to normal.
Earlier this month 9 On Your Side took you inside small businesses that were considering leaving or had already turned off their water due to an increase in water rates.
For Rhonda Gray their auto value store saw a major water bill increase.
It went from $62.86 to $102.36.
After a meeting with commissioners, town leaders say businesses should see a familiar low bill in the next cycle.
Gray says they are excited to see their town work together.
“I appreciate it a lot, like i said we are a small town we need to all work together to try to help everybody . We want to see this town come back and thrive like it did before,” said Gray.
Town manager Joseph Johnson says they had a rate study done by the NC rural water association.
the study will go before the board in September when a new suggestion for water rates will be given.
Ben Stiller and Vince Vaughn have reprised their characters from 2004 comedy Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story to launch a fundraising campaign.
In the movie, Ben played the arrogant White Goodman, the head of the Globo Gym Purple Cobras dodgeball team, and Vince played Peter La Fleur, the captain of the incompetent Average Joe's, which somehow managed to beat the Cobras during a tournament.
They have now reprised the roles after a 13-year break to launch a charity campaign with Omaze. In the video, Ben tells the viewers as the perma-tanned White, “Hello losers, miss me? Sorry to interrupt your Internet life but for the last 13 years, while I've been living a sugar-free, protein-forward lifestyle, I've watched as all of you have got fatter and dumber with your hashtags and your baes and your Kanye's... It's time for a little charity dodgeball b----es.”
They outline the competition, explaining that those who donate to the Omaze campaign are in with a chance of being able to “test your dodgeball mettle against the best baller in the biz, c'est moi (me),” but they are then interrupted by Vince and their Average Joe's teammates, played by Justin Long and Christine Taylor, Ben's real-life estranged wife, who suggest those who donate can pick if they play for Globo or Joe's.
Ben brings out some of their teammates too, include Missi Pyle's Fran, and they exchange a series of comedic insults such as, “nobody whips my a-- except me” and “I'm gonna drop you like third period French”.
Ben, 51, told People that bringing the team back together was “really strange and fun”, adding, “We were in a gym and shooting, so it was a very similar situation to when we did the movie except all these years have gone by. So it was kind of bizarre yet fun, but also weird and eerie how everything came back, like Vince's reactions and our whole dynamic.”
They got original writer/director Rawson Thurber onboard to helm the short and the rest of the cast followed soon after.
The winners of the campaign will get to play dodgeball with Ben and their friends and eat pizza with them afterward. Proceeds from the drive will go towards The Stiller Foundation, which provides educational opportunities for children around the world.
via GIPHY
TODAY'S WORD — FOIBLES (FOIBLES: FOY-buls: Minor weaknesses or failings of character.)
Average mark 13 words
Time limit 25 minutes
Can you find 18 or more words in FOIBLES? The list will be published tomorrow.
SATURDAY'S WORD — WITLESSLY well welt west wetly wiles will willet wilt wily wise wisely the wisest witless illy isle islet istle tell tile till twill less lest lewis lilt lily lisle list lyse lysis sell sill silly silt silty site slew slit slyest stew sties stile still stye style swell swill yell yeti
To purchase the Word Game book, visit WordGameBooks.com. Order it now for just $5 while supplies last!
RULES OF THE GAME:
1. Words must be of four or more letters.
2. Words that acquire four letters by the addition of “s,” such as “bats” or “dies,” are not allowed.
3. Additional words made by adding a “d” or an “s” may not be used. For example, if “bake” is used, “baked” or “bakes” are not allowed, but “bake” and “baking“ are admissible.
4. Proper nouns, slang words, or vulgar or sexually explicit words are not allowed.
To contact Word Game creator Kathleen Saxe, write to Word Game, Kathleen Saxe, Andrews McMeel Syndication, 1130 Walnut St., Kansas City, MO 64106.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
The killer of American rapper, Tupac Amaru Shakur also known by their stage name as 2pac and Makavali has been revealed by two police officers who spent years investigating their death.
The police officers, Tim Bennan and Robbert Ladd who had been on the matter years after, Tupac's death revealed ‘that a crips gang member identified as Orlando Anderson pulled the trigger from a car in Las Vegas in September 1996.
The case remains unsolved and the singer's death has been the subject of immense speculation including that theory that they are still alive. However, the officers have stressed Anderson is to blame in an expulsive new documentary “who shot Biggie & Tupac?”.
It is believed Anderson killed Tupac after they were publicly beaten by members of their crew. In the immediate aftermath, informants told the cops that Anderson was boasting to people about killing Tupac. On May 30, 1998 Anderson was killed in a triple murder over drug money.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The top U.S. military officer said Monday that the United States wants to peacefully resolve a deepening standoff with North Korea but is also ready to use the “full range” of its military capabilities in case of provocation.
The comments by Marine Corps Gen. Joseph Dunford in a series of meetings with senior South Korean military and political officials and the local media appeared to be an attempt to ease anxiety over tit-for-tat threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea while also showing a willingness to back up Trump's warnings if need be.
Dunford, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, is visiting South Korea, Japan and China after a week in which Trump declared the U.S. military “locked and loaded” and said they were ready to unleash “fire and fury” if North Korea continued to threaten the United States.
North Korea, meanwhile, has threatened to lob four intermediate-range missiles into the waters near Guam, a tiny U.S. territory about 3,200 kilometers (2,000 miles) from Pyongyang, North Korea's capital. This would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective, and there has been widespread debate about whether Washington would try to shoot the missiles down if they're fired.
The U.S.-North Korea impasse, which has simmered since the end of the Korean War in 1953, has grown more tense in recent months over worries that the North's nuclear weapons program is nearing the ability to target the U.S. mainland. Pyongyang tested two intercontinental ballistic missiles last month.
“We are seeking a peaceful resolution to the crisis,” Dunford, who also met with South Korean President Moon Jae-in, said to reporters, according to a local pool report.
They earlier told their South Korean counterparts that America is ready “to use the full range of military capabilities to defend our allies and the U.S. homeland,” according to U.S. military spokesperson Capt. Darryn James.
Moon separately called Monday for a peaceful solution to the nuclear standoff, saying that “there must not be another war on the Korean Peninsula,” according to their office.
In a meeting with top aides at the presidential Blue House, Moon said South Korea would work to safeguard peace on the peninsula in cooperation with the United States and other countries. Moon said North Korea must stop issuing menacing statements and provoking.
North Korea, which is angry over new United Nations sanctions condemning its rapidly developing nuclear and missile program, continued its tough stance on Monday.
The North accused the United States of mobilizing a huge number of weapons and troops for annual military drills with South Korea that begin later this month. Pyongyang, which claims the drills are war preparation, says it will be ready to send its Guam missile launch plan to North Korean leader Kim Jong-un for approval just before or as the drills begin.
“What matters is that if a second conflict (on the peninsula) erupts, that cannot help but lead to a nuclear war,” the North's official Korean Central News Agency said in a commentary. “We are closely monitoring every move by the United States.”
The commentary said that about 3.5 million young students and workers have volunteered to join or rejoin the army because of a possible confrontation with the United States.
Dunford earlier told reporters traveling with them to Asia that they aim to “sense what the temperature is in the region.” They also will discuss military options in the event the “diplomatic and economic pressurization campaign” fails.
“We're all looking to get out of this situation without a war,” Dunford said.
Chinese President Xi Jinping talked on the phone Saturday with Trump and called for cool-headedness. Xi urged Washington and Pyongyang to avoid words or actions that could worsen the situation.
Trump has pushed China, North Korea's biggest economic partner and source of aid, to do more to stop the North's nuclear ambitions. Beijing says its influence on Pyongyang is limited.
Trump's recent threats followed a report that U.S. intelligence indicates North Korea can now put a nuclear warhead on its long-range missiles.
For all their bluster, Trump's words did not appear to be backed by significant military mobilization on either side of the Pacific, and an important, quiet diplomatic channel remained open.
On Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo and Army Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, Trump's national security adviser, tried to provide assurances that a conflict is avoidable, while also supporting Trump's tough talk. They said the United States and its allies no longer can afford to stand by as North Korea pushes ahead with the development of a nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missile.
___
Associated Press writer Hyung-jin Kim contributed to this report.
The public is encouraged to attend, and police believe that, with school out for summer, it will be an opportunity for parents to bring their children to meet Mt. Juliet police officers.
Residents can stop by to have free coffee, custard ice cream and other treats provided by Culver's.
The Coffee with a Cop program is a nontraditional way to generate conversation between the police department and the community it serves. The event allows the public to interact with officers, including top department leadership, in an informal setting to ask questions or address concerns.
1:48
On the other end of the line
1:10
The light is going to shine on this new memorial park in Dublin.
2:25
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
How the power of the pen caused Klaus Kleinfeld's downfall
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami) – Americans from coast-to-coast are celebrating the nation's 242nd birthday at barbecues, get-togethers and parades.
Americans are proudly putting their patriotism on display this Independence Day.
Children in Alabaster, Alabama paraded around town on flag-draped bicycles while a just returned-military dad stepped out of the parade in Brandon, Florida to give their kids the surprise of their lives.
Thousands of people are in the Nation's Capital to celebrate America's birthday.
One of the highlights is the National Independence Day Parade down Constitution Avenue.
It featured drill teams, floats, and bands from across the country.
“It's my first time in Washington DC and it's really exciting to be here on the Fourth of July!” said Shreeya Pulaya from Austin, Texas.
Patriots laced up early for a holiday run in Tallahassee, Florida while others chilled at the beach in New Jersey.
Arthur McCann spray-painted their tribute to the stars and stripes on their front lawn in Norwood, Massachusetts.
“I just love America and the freedom and opportunities it gives and I love to be creative,” McCann said.
And for some, this fourth of July is extra special as they celebrated Independence Day by becoming US citizens.
3:05 Welcoming the New Year with an Idaho spud Pause
4:36 'I am here to save democracy...'
0:35 Tamarack torchlight parade welcomes the new year
4:48 A sneak peek at Esther Simplot Park
1:46 White Dog Brewing Co. prepares to open in Boise
2:24 Murky future of health care in Idaho, nation
1:46 Animation of the solar eclipse path through Idaho
0:25 Karan Tucker on Boise nonprofit Jannus
3:06 Boise day shelter provides meals, clothing and much more
Dawn Patrol: Illinois lawmakers weigh members of congress's security after shooting
hello
Rep. Rodney Davis, R-Ill., still wearing their baseball shirt, describes for reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington Wednesday the scene at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Va., earlier where a gunman opened fire. Associated Press
Former, current Illinois lawmakers don't see big security changes coming
Former Illinois member of congress Bob Dold said they never felt unsafe as a member of Congress and they certainly never felt unsafe during early-morning baseball practices with their Republican colleagues. They and other U.S. reps, current and former, talk about their confidence in the Capitol Police and what might happen next after a member of congress was shot Wednesday morning. Full story
5 arrested, 1 at large in Aurora drug, gun sting
An Aurora police investigation led to felony drug and gun charges against six men, one who remains at large, officials said. Full story
Probation, community service for man in 7-hour Elgin police standoff
A 58-year-old man who sparked a seven-hour standoff with Elgin police last summer after threatening to shoot a woman has been sentenced to a year of probation and 30 hours of community service after pleading guilty to misdemeanor disorderly conduct. Full story
Severe storms down trees, create floods in suburbs
- John Starks | Staff Photographer Thunderstorm clouds move to the east over Route 47 near Elburn Wednesday afternoon.
The severe thunderstorm watch originally scheduled to last until 8 p.m. was canceled early as the storms moved out of the suburbs, but not before they did damage in some parts of the area. Full story
Libertyville District 128 school board member, secretary indicted on perjury charges
Libertyville resident Ellen E. Mauer is a 2009 election candidate.
A longtime school board member and an administrative secretary in Libertyville-Vernon Hills Area High School District 128 have been indicted on perjury charges stemming from documents filed ahead of April's election, Lake County authorities said Wednesday. Full story
New chief says Gliniewicz is in Fox Lake's past
The Fox Lake Police Department has put the scandals surrounding the crimes and suicide of Lt. Charles Joseph Gliniewicz in its past, new Chief Jimmy Lee said yesterday, one day after being sworn in as the village's top law enforcement officer. Full story
Elgin seniors mark Flag Day with solemnity
Halfway between mega-holidays Memorial Day and Independence Day lies Flag Day on June 14. It's not often celebrated. But this year The Greens of Elgin, commemorated it by dedicating its first flagpole -- and by looking at Wednesday's baseball-field attack in Alexandria, Virginia; wartime sacrifices and Vietnam dissent. Full story
Chicago Bears' Floyd sees bigger, better things ahead
Only two rookies had more than the 7 sacks Leonard Floyd racked up for the Bears last season, but defensive coordinator Vic Fangio gave the first-round pick a grade of "incomplete." Floyd is using that as motivation to be even more of an impact player this year than they were as a rookie. Read Bob LeGere's take
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
D&H Receives Recognition from One of Microsoft's Leading Partner Magazines, Acknowledging the Distributor's Value-added Support in the Channel
HARRISBURG, PA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - D&H Distributing, the leading North American computer products and consumer electronics distributor, announces it has been named Best SMB Distributor in Redmond Channel Partner's 2017 RCP Editor's Choice Awards. These awards are granted to "the best and brightest technologies and programs for the Microsoft channel from the last year," according to the publication, which is targeted specifically to Microsoft resellers. This is the second year the magazine has presented the Editor's Choice awards, and the first year that distribution has been recognized as a specific category in the competition.
In the magazine's editorial regarding the awards, Redmond Channel Partner (RCP) acknowledged D&H's ability to support the unique needs of small and midsize businesses in the marketplace, a segment to which not all distributors are able to cater. RCP singled-out D&H Distributing's Business Assurance program as an example of the distributor's outstanding offerings. This program offered more than $23 million in credit line expansions to the channel in 2016 alone, to close to 850 resellers.
"We're honored to receive this recognition on a multitude of levels, since our success is integrally dependent upon the success of our partners. Many vendors have shared that they view D&H as the leader in SMB distribution, and this accolade helps reinforce that," said Dan Schwab, co-president at D&H Distributing. "It confirms our ongoing commitment to developing business opportunities in conjunction with our manufacturers and our resellers, across-the-board. We'll continue to focus on creating value that empowers our customer base, and our vendor community, helping us all to thrive in the channel."
About D&H Distributing
D&H Distributing believes the most important element of doing business is developing relationships for mutual success. The company continues to build upon its 99-year-old culture by providing its manufacturers, co-owners, and partners with the utmost customer care, consultative guidance and multi-market expertise. As one of North America's leading technology distributors, it delivers a wealth of enablement resources and hands-on support services that empower resellers in the IT channel.
The company engages with solution providers, integrators, and VARs to meet current business challenges, as well as forecast their evolving, real-world needs and prospects for lucrative growth opportunities. D&H maintains a special focus on independent VARs expanding their competencies in areas such as hosted and cloud services, the modern mobile workplace, comprehensive SMB server networks, and cross-market expertise across the small business, education, healthcare, and government verticals, to name a few. The company's value proposition includes professional marketing resources, a new transactional service model, dedicated Solutions Specialists, and a highly-lauded webcast training venue; plus reseller engagement events such as technology trade shows, roundtable opportunities, training "track" sessions, and hands-on "lab" sessions.
The distributor is headquartered in Harrisburg, PA, in the US and in Brampton, Ontario, in Canada. Additional warehouses are located in Atlanta, GA; Chicago, IL; and Fresno, CA. Engage with D&H toll-free at (800) 340-1001, via www.dandh.com, or follow the distributor's Facebook and Twitter feeds, https://www.facebook.com/DandHDistributing/ and @dandh.
News
Brick House's mighty-mighty stabilization project
By Robert Salvo
For those of us steeped in the pluff mud and tannin-dark waters of the Lowcountry, a span of 90 years can feel like the blink of an eye. Great oaks tell their story in centuries; a sunning alligator speaks to millennia. Creeks shift and shorelines shuffle back and forth — it's the rhythm of our natural environment, as sure as the tides.
Yet we have held tightly to our built environment, too. This is a place where colonial churches and antebellum homes are not plates in a picture book, but rather objects in our backyards. For our human-made environment, 90 years can mean a great deal.
So it is with Edisto Island's Brick House Ruins, also known as the Paul Hamilton House, likely constructed before 1700, gutted by fire in 1925 and silently standing roofless and gutted for more than nine decades. Much is gone, but much remains: Although its cypress-wood rooms were lost in the fire, the four exterior walls, made of fine brick imported from Boston, still stand, as do the towering interior chimneys. They tell a unique story, unlike any other structure in our country, about the role of French Huguenots in the colony; their stucco adornment around the windows and as quoins illustrate the French design influence that Huguenot refugees would have brought with them from their native land. For that reason — the home's importance in telling the story of our nation and the hands that built it — the Ruins were designated a National Historic Landmark in 1970.
Once the center of a sprawling plantation — Hamilton's grant included 430 acres of high land and 181 acres of marsh — the home gained additional layers of history though the years as it remained in the hands of Jenkins family. After the Hamiltons came the Maxwells; Joseph Jenkins purchased it from them in 1798 and it has been in the family ever since. In the years just before the tragic fire, then-owner Edward J. Jenkins noted, “As I am the father of four boys and four girls, it will probably remain in our possession until the house crumbles to dust.”
Today the house is teetering on the edge of final destruction, nearly ready to “crumbling to dust.” In the 1950s, the legendary Albert Simons had steel beams placed in the windows in an attempt to stabilize the ruin. Though this worked for a time, the steel beams have rusted out, leaving the structure again in peril. One wall is rated as in “immediate danger” of collapse. Because of decay to the other walls, the loss of one side would multiply losses to the surrounding structure as well.
But, happily, some folks are hard at work to make sure the Brick House Ruins aren't going to disappear into Lowcountry legend, but rather last for generations to come. Remember those “four boys and four girls” Edward J. Jenkins spoke of in the 1920s? In 1976, Jenkins descendants joined to form the Brick House Trust. Although concerns about the structure's stability stretched back into the 1980s, the current project dates only to 2012. State and federal grants helped the Trust and its friends to fund an assessment of the site and a feasibility study for saving it.
With preservation deemed possible, the Preservation Society of Charleston, the Historic Charleston Foundation and the Trust worked to fund engineers to design a solution; notably the house was made one of PSC's “Seven to Save” at that time. With $10,000 raised, engineers were able to devise a series of clamps and braces that will tie the walls together. Not only is this system a cost-effective use of funds, it requires no drilling into the structure and is completely reversible.
Not just clamps and bolts: It's organization that has brought things together thus far. In March of this year, Brick House Ruins Preservation was registered as a non-profit to handle the final phase of the project. The Jenkins family has raised well over $20,000 to implement the engineers' plans and the National Trust for Historic Preservation has awarded the project $2,150.
The well-respected Richard Marks Restorations is standing by, ready to complete the work; if they can start in early 2018, it should be done in three to four months. Fittingly, project supervision will be by Simons Young Associates, under the keen eyes of Jenkins descendent Simons Young. Simons's grandmother, the late and much beloved Elizabeth Jenkins “Liz” Young, was a longtime preservationist and remembered growing up in the house as a little girl, relating stories to this paper several years ago.
Though the land is privately held, the family has allowed its use by the Edisto Island Preservation Society, the PSC and even hosted special events for first responders and high school reunions. But until the building is stabilized, visitors can only view the home from a distance, limiting the ability of visitors to experience fully the historic landmark.
To that end, Brick House Ruins Preservation is asking for your generous financial assistance; details are boxed nearby. We encourage all Mercury readers who can help to do so as we enter this season of giving. All of us benefit when our history is preserved and we have no time to lose if we want to keep the remains of this remarkable Huguenot home. Further, we know that if there is any sure human constant in our Holy City that is as true and reliable as the tides, it is the charity and generosity of the Lowcountry's ladies and gentlemen.
Checks made payable to Brick House Ruins Preservation, Inc., may be sent to
Rutledge Young
Chairman of the Board, Brick House Ruins Preservation, Inc.,
70 Tradd St.
Charleston, SC 29401
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Marc Mackey's five-month-old daughter, Grayson, is fighting a cold but that's not the most dangerous illness they are worried about.
"I would do anything possible to keep them from getting the flu," Mackey said.
Mackey is one of thousands of parents who are fighting to keep their kids away from a rampant illness. But Grayson is too young for a flu shot.
"Influenza by itself can cause a very serious pneumonia that can result in hospital admission. On top of that it is estimated that 20 to 40 percent of children can develop a bacterial super infection," Dr. Mary Anne Jackson, of Children's Mercy, said.
Doctors at Children's Mercy said in just seven weeks they've diagnosed more than 1,500 cases of influenza in children. They expect even more in the next two weeks as the virus peaks.
A Kansas City family knows the pain the flu can bring. In December 2003, Julie Moise's son, Ian, died less than 30 hours after being diagnosed with the flu. They were only six months old. Julie hopes parents will do everything they can to protect their children so they don't have to go through what their family did.
"What I hope I strongly suggest to people are to take the flu seriously. Follow your instincts especially with your kids. Nobody knows your child better than you do." Moise said, "Still go get vaccinated. It`s the number one way to prevent the spread of the flu."
Moise has spent more than a decade spreading the word about how serious the consequences of the flu can be hoping parents, like Mackey, will take all the precautions they can.
Shortly after Ian died, Julie and their husband started the Ian's Rainbow Flu Foundation in an effort to help other families.
You can find that information at Ian's Rainbow Flu Foundation or Families Fighting Flu.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Podcast: A discussion on ‘The Red Turtle'
News reporter Will Campbell and podcast editor Emerson Malone discuss the animated film “The Red Turtle” (2016) in this episode from the Emerald Podcast Network. The movie, which has no dialogue, follows a man deserted on an island with nothing but crabs, fish and turtles for friends.
“The Red Turtle” is playing at the Bijou Art Cinemas on East 13th Avenue. Listen to the episode above, and watch the trailer below.
This episode was produced by Emerson Malone.
Comments
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Republicans want answers from private firm with access to hacked DNC server WASHINGTON – Republicans are seeking answers about the Democratic National Committee hacked computer server and the private firm that had exclusive access to its cyber-security system. So far, only the...
Democratic Convention used American flags 'to hide crazy people shouting things' The Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders campaigns developed a system to prevent the Democratic National Convention floor from descending into chaos and angry boos, according to “Shattered: Inside Hillary Clinton's...
Clinton is not happy about Cuomo's lengthy DNC speech Put a sock in it, governor. Hillary Clinton's campaign was enraged by Gov. Cuomo talking too long at the Democratic National Convention, pushing them out of prime time and not...
Flip-flop flap: A Democrat stands up for formal wear In the history of public service, there have been many memorable political flip-flops — Donald Trump on abortion, Hillary Clinton on the Trans-Pacific Partnership, John Kerry on almost everything. But...
Hillary's Second Amendment con job “I'm not here to repeal the Second Amendment,” Hillary Clinton promised at the Democratic National Convention last week. “I'm not here to take away your guns.” Those disavowals were necessary...
Donald Trump wants media to know they don't matter Donald Trump has a message for the media: You don't matter. Facing attacks from all sides over their feud with Khizr Khan — the father of a slain US Muslim...
Counting on the Census Bureau to do the right thing The Census Bureau is slick. It has figured out a way to increase the percentage of households that respond to its surveys. How? It will make less of an effort...
The City of Henderson will host an event to encourage residents to cleanup their homes and recycle unwanted items.
'Henderson Shines,' a free annual event, gives residents the opportunity to dispose of hazardous household materials, recycle electronics and other items, donate goods and have sensitive documents shredded, a media release said.
Residents can also dispose of oil, batteries, paint, cellular phones and electronic waste. Although, televisions and tires cannot be accepted. The Henderson Police Department will also be present to collect expired or unwanted medications except medical needles.
In addition, residents can donate gently used clothing, household items, pet food and pet supplies.
The event takes place on May 5 from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the Henderson Events Plaza located at 200 South Water Street.
Anyone interested in the event can find more information on the City of Henderson website or call the city's neighborhood services division at 702-267-2000.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MOSCOW — The Kremlin is warning that Moscow could respond quid pro quo if Washington restricts operations of Russian news outlets in the United States.
Russian President Vladimir Putin's spokesperson, Dmitry Peskov, said Friday that Russian state-funded RT television network and Sputnik news agency had come under “unprecedented pressure” in the U.S.
RT said it faces a U.S. demand to register as a foreign agent and provide detailed personal data for its staff, the request it said amounts to an attempt to push it out of the U.S. media market.
Peskov warned that if the U.S. hampers the Russian news outlets' operation in violation of media freedom, “actions on the basis of the principle of reciprocity can't be excluded.” They added that Russia respects press freedom and treats foreign media equally.
G-Eazy And Halsey Have Split Up, After A Year Of Dating
After dating the rapper for a year, Halsey announced on their Instagram Story that they had broken up from their boyfriend, G-Eazy.
Is there such thing as love anymore? Just while we're getting over the Josh and Georgia feud in Love Island, Halsey announces that she's no longer with G-Eazy.
The pair - who not only collaborated on 'Him & I' - sparked relationship rumours a year ago, but have since broken up.
> G-Eazy Has A Bizarre Theory About Pigeons That Will Blow Your Mind
Halsey took to their Instagram Story to say "I normally keep this kind of thing private but provided our public nature I feel I need to inform my fans.
"G-Eazy and I are taking some apart. I'm eager to continue the upcoming passage of time dedicating myself to my art and career, and the duration of my tour. I wish them the best," continued Halsey. "Thanks for respecting our privacy at this time."
Many of their fans saw this coming, after Halsey posted a photo of them with their dog, with the caption "kiss my dog on the forehead and then kiss ur ass goodbye." While being a reference to Drake's lyrics, some saw it as subtle messaging to G-Eazy, whose real name is Gerald Earl Gillum.
> Grab Our App For All Of The Latest News On Your Favourite Stars!
BRB. We're just going to go cry. A lot.
Detroit Pistons forward Blake Griffin (23) drives to the basket against Miami Heat forward James Johnson during the first half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Detroit. Duane Burleson AP
TORONTO — A Toronto writer's tweet relating their sexual harassment at the hands of an employer has sparked an online outpouring of similar stories, a discussion they say is the first step in tackling a culture in which such abuses are pervasive.
Anne T. Donahue put out a call for such stories on Twitter in light of sexual harassment allegations against movie mogul Harvey Weinstein, which were published Thursday in The New York Times. Among them are accusations that they sexually harassed actores, including Ashley Judd, and former employees.
Weinstein has said they are taking a leave of absence from their company and acknowledged they have behaved poorly, but has accused the Times of rushing its story to publication because of a "vendetta" against him. The Times has said it is confident in the accuracy of its reporting.
"Reading that Harvey Weinstein piece, it was familiar and exhausting in that I think many of us have come to recognize patterns of abuse of power, whether in our own lives or in the lives of friends and family or even in government," Donahue said.
Donahue, a culture writer, said they decided to share their story — they were a 17-year-old co-op student at a radio station when their boss insisted on massaging their shoulders — in case it could reassure even one other person who went through something similar that they weren't to blame.
Over roughly 24 hours, their tweet was shared close to 2,500 times and drew almost as many online responses, many of them from others disclosing their own experiences of sexual harassment.
Some mentioned incidents dating back to high school or earlier, others described being cornered by coworkers or bosses. Not all the stories were from women.
Donahue, 32, said they aren't surprised by the volume of replies, but rather by their sincerity. Though there were a few dissidents, the tone was overwhelmingly supportive, they said.
Having men talk about the harassment they have endured was also important, they said, noting that sexual violence affects all genders.
"This was sincere, firsthand experiences and it immediately created a space in which people began to feel comfortable sharing," they said.
"Sharing can be very scary and you're in a very vulnerable position and that shouldn't be taken lightly," they said. "This is what reclamation of power looks like, to an extent. It's one step in about a thousand before we obliterate rape culture. But it's an important step."
Still, Donahue stressed there is no shame in holding back.
"You can be just as powerful and create just as much change by just reading and acknowledging," they said.
Paola Loriggio, The Canadian Press
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — State data shows one North Carolina county has issued four times as many aggressive driving tickets as any other.
Law enforcement in Mecklenburg County issued 279 citations for the serious traffic charge in 2017. The next county on the list as Wake County with 67 tickets.
The two counties are the largest in the state.
In all, The News and Observer of Raleigh reports 1,055 people were charge with aggressive driving in North Carolina in 2017.
Aggressive driving is speeding combined with two other offenses that include running a red light, running a stop sign, passing illegally, failing to yield, and following too closely.
___
Information from: The News & Observer, http://www.newsobserver.com
For all of the hand-wringing about the Department of Labor's fiduciary rule, a surprising number of people don't know what it is. And that ignorance may affect your retirement savings.
Only 32% of adults had heard of the fiduciary rule, according to a survey of 1,000 adults conducted on behalf of one of the original retirement robo advisers, Financial Engines. FNGN, -0.86% Of those surveyed, 22% worked with a financial adviser and 21% knew the difference between an adviser who acted as a fiduciary and one who did not.
“These are things people don't pay a lot of attention to unless you are in the industry in some way,” said Chris Jones, chief investment officer at Financial Engines. The financial services industry has done a good job of obfuscating the importance of fiduciary responsibilities, they said.
So what's the fiduciary rule? Here's a refresher: The fiduciary rule is a highly contested piece of legislation, produced during President Obama's presidency and managed by the Department of Labor, focused on mitigating conflicts of interests that may arise in financial advisers' investment recommendations on retirement accounts. Not even two months after Trump's inauguration, the Department of Labor announced it would delay the implementation — originally set for April 10 — until June 9.
The prior administration had argued the rule would protect retirement savers from losing $17 billion a year to conflicts of interest, which could come from commissions earned on product recommendations. Critics, on the other hand, said it would orphan small accounts that managers deemed too costly to manage, and shrink the variety of investment options savers have.
See: Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors
How to invest in gold (2:16) The author of "Precious Metals Investing for Dummies" talked to MarketWatch about the role gold can play in a portfolio and the risks that are involved in trading metals.
There is a disconnect between what investors believe to be true of their adviser's responsibilities — and what's actually true. For example, respondents were asked if all financial advisers are legally required to put the best interests of their clients first when they give advice on retirement investments — 53% said that was true, 47% said it was false. (It is false — not all advisers are legally required to act in their clients' best interests).
See also: Why many financial advisers use someone else to manage their money
If your financial advisor was not a fiduciary, would you:
Continue working with that person in the same way you do now 12% Ask more questions about the investments your advisor recommends 47% Switch to another advisor 24% Stop working with a financial advisor altogether 18%
Financial Engines has openly supported the fiduciary rule, as have others, including New York-based robo adviser Betterment and New York-based financial services firm Merrill Lynch BAC, -0.59% , the latter of which said it would no longer allow clients to open commissions-based individual retirement accounts. Other firms, including New York-based firm Morgan Stanley MS, -0.99% and San Francisco-based firm Wells Fargo WFC, -0.85% say they would continue to allow commissions-based accounts but use the “best interest” contract, which clients sign indicating they accept adviser's terms.
In order to educate more investors, the industry needs to improve transparency and communication efforts with investors, said Scott Puritz, managing director of advisory firm Rebalance IRA. “Fiduciary” can be an intimidating word, as can invest in general, they said. The firm released its “Dear Advisor” campaign in February, which is a letter investors can give their advisers to learn if they're a fiduciary and what they are paying in fees. “The challenge is to make it in plain English.” (For example, when Financial Engines asked survey participants if they'd support requiring all financial advisers to provide advice on retirement assets be legally required to put their best interests first, 72% said yes, 7% said no and 21% said they were indifferent.)
“We are fighting an uphill battle,” Puritz said. “Consumers think the other options are free because so many costs are hidden and that's deliberate.”
A Senate panel delayed hearings for President Donald Trump's nomination of White House physician Ronny Jackson to be Veterans Affairs secretary as lawmakers demand more information about their background and about allegations of improper conduct.
Senator Johnny Isakson, chairperson of the Veterans Affairs Committee, said they and the panel's ranking Democrat, Jon Tester, have decided to delay a hearing on Jackson's nomination that had been scheduled for Wednesday and sent a letter to Trump seeking more information.
“The Senate Committee on Veterans' Affairs is postponing the hearing to consider the nominee to be secretary of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs in light of new information presented to the committee,” Isakson and Tester said in a joint statement released Tuesday. “We will continue looking into these serious allegations and have requested additional information from the White House to enable the committee to conduct a full review.”
The statement and the letter to the president didn't detail what new information was brought to their attention about Jackson, a rear admiral who has served in the White House under three presidents. The New York Times and CBS News, citing unnamed officials briefed on the allegations, reported that allegations include allowing a hostile work environment as the chief White House doctor, overprescribing drugs and drinking on the job.
In their letter to Trump, Isakson and Tester requested all communications between the Defense Department and the White House Military Office “regarding allegations or incidents involving Rear Admiral Jackson from 2006 to present.”
They also are seeking any documents, “including those developed during the course of an investigation,” held by any office in the executive office of the president “that were never communicated to the Department of Defense or Offices of Inspector General.”
Isakson, a Georgia Republican, declined to say anything more at the Capitol. They said they aren't sure when the hearing might be rescheduled.
The Trump administration is standing behind Jackson, who also faces questions about their qualifications to manage the federal government's second-largest department.
White House Defense
“Admiral Jackson has been on the front lines of deadly combat and saved the lives of many others in service to this country,” White House spokesperson Hogan Gidley said in a statement. “He's served as the physician to three Presidents -- Republican and Democrat -- and been praised by them all. Admiral Jackson's record of strong, decisive leadership is exactly what's needed at the VA to ensure our veterans receive the benefits they deserve.”
Several lawmakers criticized the White House for failing to do a thorough job investigating its own nominees.
“I just think the White House does not vet their nominees so it leaves us as members having to look at their personal and leadership and other qualities,” said Democratic Senator Patty Murray of Washington, a member of the Veterans' Affairs Committee. “And they didn't do a good job and now we're doing it.”
Senator Tim Kaine, a Virginia Democrat who isn't on the panel considering nomination, said they had plenty of questions about Jackson even before the allegations came to light.
“I had very significant concerns when the nomination was announced and still do about whether the individual is kind of person we need to run this significant sized bureaucracy,” Kaine said.
Jackson was nominated to replace Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin, who Trump fired on March 28. Shulkin is a former hospital executive who was a holdover from the Obama administration and who initially won Trump's favor for their efforts to overhaul the long-troubled system for veterans health care.
They were ousted after questions about their official travel and amid an internal administration fight over how much of the medical care delivered to veterans could be outsourced to private insurers.
— With assistance by Sahil Kapur, and Toluse Olorunnipa
President Trump signed a bill on Wednesday that will let terminally ill people use experimental drugs, citing the meds' ability to save “tremendous numbers of lives.”
“As I proudly sign this bill, thousands of terminally ill Americans will finally have the help, the hope, and the fighting chance ​. . . that they will be cured, that they will be helped, that they'll be able to be with their families for a long time or maybe just for a longer time​,” they said at a White House ceremony.
They signed the bill, called Right to Try, ​joined by Vice President Mike Pence, Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar, FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb and “brave Americans” fighting life-threatening conditions.
​The measure gives terminally ill patients the ability to seek drug treatments that​ haven't been fully approved by the FDA.
More than 1 million Americans die from a terminal illness each year, the White House said.
During the ceremony, Trump also said that in two weeks, major drug companies will announce “voluntary drops in prices.”
“I think we're going to have some big — some of the big drug companies in two weeks. And they're going to announce — because of what we did, they're going to announce voluntary massive drops in prices,” Trump said.
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Over 300 people came out to raise money for several local charities and families in need. Chenango Valley High School held their annual ‘Big Gifted Give' Saturday night with singers and dancers performing for the cause.
A goal of $7,000 will help several organizations including the Chenango Valley Warrior Fund, the Chenango Valley Food Pantry, and two local families with loved ones battling cancer.
Members of ‘The Dance Connection', a local dance organization came out in support. Ann Szymaniak, owner, and director of The Dance Connection said she's happy to watch the dancers give back to the community.
“It's my favorite day of the year to do this and to just see the kids dance. It's just a time for light-hearted fun and everyone just coming together. And that is, for me, the greatest thing. To see our dancers just be part of the family of life here, is awesome. It's a feeling of love and generosity in the air.”
China penalises 6.7m ‘debtors' with travel ban
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
eric musselContrary to what people that were caught up in the moment are going to try and tell you, this was not the craziest first weekend of the NCAA tournament of all time.
We may have had the single-craziest moment ever — we'll get to that — and we did lose a number of the top teams in the bracket, but the insanity of this weekend wasn't quite clinical.
That said, we did get left with a number of memorable moments through out the first four days of the greatest sporting event in America. Here are the 12 that will stick with us for the longest time:
12. THE KEENAN EVANS TAKEOVER
We've been trying to let you know about this guy all season long. The Texas Tech star averaged 22.5 points and 3.0 assists through the first two weekends of the event, and 33 of the 45 points that they scored came in the second half of two close wins. They hit the go-ahead three to beat Florida with just over two minutes left and made all the big plays in the come-from-behind win over Stephen F. Austin in the first round.  They are a killer.
The best moment, however, might have been this lob that elicited memories of Kobe-to-Shaq:
Maybe it doesn't deserve a video, but since it reminds me of Kobe's lob to Shaq in game 7 of the 2000 Western Conference Finals… Keenan Evans' lob to Zhaire Smith for the DAGGER is even better with Titanic music!!! 🏀🚢🎶 pic.twitter.com/K1NTRmrJxp — 🏀🚢🎶TITANIC HOOPS🏀🚢🎶 (@TitanicHoops) March 18, 2018
11. MYLES POWELL FOR THE COVER
If you're not a gambler, you may not have noticed that the final, seemingly meaningless shot in Kansas' win over Seton Hall in the second round had all kinds of weight behind it. Powell hit a running 30-footer as time-expired, cutting the Kansas lead to 83-79. Kansas was favored by 4.5 points in that game. The shot that they hit meant that the Pirates covered the spread. Millions of dollars — that's not an exaggeration — changed hands as a direct result of that shot going in.
🚨🚨🚨 #MOOSEALERT 🚨🚨🚨 Myles Powell's "meaningless" 3 pointer to cut Kansas' lead from 7 to 4 is a shot that Jayhawks full game (-4.5) and 2H (-1.5) bettors will never forget. pic.twitter.com/Vweqc4km1X — The Action Network (@ActionNetworkHQ) March 18, 2018
10. MEET ZACH NORVELL
You may not have known who they were before this event started but you probably know who they are now. The Gonzaga first-year student scored 15 points and hit the game-winning three as the Zags beat UNC Greensboro in the first round of the NCAA tournament, following that up by going for a career-high 28 points, a career-high 12 boards, a career-high six threes and their first career double-double in a second round win over Ohio State. He's scored at least 14 points in each of their last six games. They will be the next superstar in Spokane.
9. SYRACUSE IS IN THE SWEET 16 PLAYING BASKETBALL THAT MAKES VIRGINIA SEEM EXCITING
Jim Boeheim, man. You have to give them credit. For the second time in three seasons, their Orange team has snuck into the NCAA tournament with a resume that didn't deserve a bid and proceeded to make everyone seem like an idiot for saying they didn't belong. The Orange are in the Sweet 16 after starting in the First Four and failing to score more than 60 points in any of their three games. Boeheim just packs in that 2-3, puts as many long and athletic people on the floor that they can and lets Tyus Battle go make plays. And it works. Sometimes basketball is an easy game, I guess.
8. TEXAS A&M MOLLYWHOPS THE REIGNING NATIONAL CHAMPS
One thing that I never thought that I would see in this event is a team with Joel Berry II and Theo Pinson getting run out of the gym. Those two dudes are so good and so tough and been through so much that I expected them to be in a dogfight every time they set foot on a court for all eternity. Then Sunday happened, and Texas A&M — who spent four months flirting with the idea that maybe living up to their potential was a possibility — absolutely trucked them. They won by 21 points, and the outcome never really felt in doubt after the final TV timeout of the first half.
7. BUFFALO STEAMROLLS ARIZONA
Remember when we all thought that this was going to be the most memorable upset for the first weekend?
Hahaha. That was fun.
But just because Virginia happened to go full Virginia and exactly one half of the top three seeds in the tournament were knocked out before the start of the second weekend doesn't mean that what Buffalo did should be swept under the rug. The Bulls eviscerated an Arizona team that looked like they were ready to quit on this utterly forgettable season by the middle of the second half.
6. FLORIDA STATE SENDS XAVIER PACKING
Xavier, the No. 1 seed in the West Region, looked like they were going to be able to cruise into the Sweet 16, as they led the Seminoles by 12 points with under 10 minutes left in the game. But that did not last, as they were outscored 18-4 to close out the game while Florida State reached the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2011.
It's the first time since 2004 that we head into the Sweet 16 with two of the nation's No. 1 seeds sitting at home.
5. NEVADA WITH TWO COMEBACKS IN THREE DAYS
Eric Musselman and the Wolf Pack managed two thrilling wins in the span of three days. First, they came from way behind to beat No. 10-seed Texas in the opening round of the event before erasing the second-largest deficit in NCAA tournament history when they came back from 22 points down in the final 11:43 to second No. 2 Cincinnati back to the Queen City.
4. JORDAN POOLE HITS Their GAME-WINNER
This shot, to beat Houston in the second round, will be the most memorable shot from this first weekend:
Absolutely LOVE this fan-shot video of Jordan Poole's game-winning shot, via @redditCBB: pic.twitter.com/aEByXrFokK — Alejandro Zúñiga (@ByAZuniga) March 18, 2018
While this image is one that will forever epitomize what makes March Madness so special:
3. ROB GRAY'S FIRST ROUND PERFORMANCE
The shame in Poole's shot going in was that it ended the tournament run of Houston star Rob Gray, who put together one of the best first weekend's in tournament history as well as a performance that should have been iconic. In the first round, against No. 11-seed San Diego State, Gray finished with 39 of their team's 67 points, including the game-winning bucket with 1.1 seconds left on the clock.
That game-winner capped one of the wildest finishes to a game that I can ever remember seeing. Check this out:
And that led directly to this:
WOW. 😱😱😱 ROB GRAY gives Houston the lead & hits a new career-high with 39 PTS! pic.twitter.com/LPtUCUXY6n — NCAA March Madness (@marchmadness) March 16, 2018
2. THE No. 11-SEED LOYOLA-CHICAGO RAMBLERS, AND SISTER JEAN, ARE IN THE SWEET 16 AFTER TWO GAME-WINNERS
I don't even know where to start with this.
Twice in the span of three days, Loyola trailed 62-61 with less than 10 seconds left and twice in the span of three days they made a game-winner to advance to the next round of the tournament.
LOYOLA-CHICAGO DOES IT AGAIN!!! Clayton Custer gets the game-winner to go as the Ramblers upset 3rd-seeded Tennessee, clinching a spot in the Sweet 16 for the first time since 1985! pic.twitter.com/QMmfTH4gWs — DRK Sports (@drksportsnews) March 18, 2018
Sister Jean loves it.
1. UMBC!
Could it be anything else?
For the first time in the history of the world, a No. 16 seed has beaten a No. 1 seed in the NCAA tournament as the Retrievers knocked off Virginia to get their shot to play their way into the Sweet 16. They lost to Kansas State on Sunday, but who cares? It would have been terrific theater to see them get their shot in the Sweet 16, but it was not meant to be.
We'll have to simply settle for UMBC truck-sticking the No. 1 overall seed in the tournament.
Follow @insidefutbol
Manchester City boss Pep Guardiola does not believe the Citizens will need to spend as heavily next season as they have done this summer.
The Sky Blues have invested heavily in the market this term, with the spending crossing the £200m mark already.
The former Barcelona coach has defended their club's spending, insisting that the transfer activities for their team have mainly been centered around youth.
And with the young players being the future of the club, Guardiola insists that the Citizens need not spend as much the following summer, buying "one, two, may be three players" over the next few years.
As far as the structure of the team prior to this summer is concerned, the manager said that Manchester City had one of the oldest teams in the league, but this year they decided to put more energy in the side and the transfers are a result of that.
"We had one of the oldest teams in the Premier League so we decided to put energy in the team for the next five, six years", Guardiola said at a press conference.
"Hopefully next season I will be here and we are not going to spend how we have this season."
The Citizens started their domestic league campaign by beating Brighton 2-0.
Kian Hagerman
Mesa Legend
“Mesa Morning Live” was hosted by Mesa Community College at the Southern and Dobson campus Performing Arts Center on September 8. The Mesa Chamber of Commerce produces the broadcast which can be seen through cable television providers on Mesa Channel 11, or on Mesa Morning Live's YouTube channel. The event provided breakfast for those in attendance before the show began on stage in the theater, where the special guest was new Mesa Police Chief Ramon Batista. After some opening remarks from MCC interim president Sasan Poureetezadi, and a performance by actors from forthcoming MCC PAC musical production “The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee” to begin the event, the show's guests were brought on stage.
State Apprentice Program Lead for the Apprenticeship Arizona Employer Engagement Administration, Department of Economic Security William Higgins was invited up to be interviewed by host Mark Cordes. “The Department of Economic Security hosts an apprenticeship program along with 43 other programs for the state of Arizona,” Higgins said. According to Higgins said that they have 142 registered programs in Arizona, catering to 32 registered apprenticeships. “Construction, healthcare, IT business services, etc.,” Higgins said. “We just want to get out. I'm from here, Mesa; we've only got four programs in Mesa.”
Higgins said the reason for them coming onto the show was that the government was trying to create more apprenticeship programs. “I will work with Mesa Community College, and it's the alternative to college,” Higgins said. “We don't want everybody incurring that debt that so many people have incurred over the past few years, going to a four-year college. This is the complete alternative; we have some programs where students actually get an associate's degree upon completion and they're making six figures.”
They added that while not every program is the same, that there are a lot of lucrative apprenticeship programs. Representatives of Ryan House, Executive Director Alyssa Crockett and Development Director Marghan Miller were brought up once Cordes and Miller finished their discussion.“Ryan House cares for Arizona's most medically fragile children, and helps them navigate life-limiting or end-of-life journeys,” Crockett said. “So as our children who are diagnosed, maybe at birth or have suffered a traumatic incident are living longer lives because of these wonderful advances in medicine, Ryan House comes in and helps them live their best lives possible.”
Crockett added that Ryan House was community supported, with $3 million from local businesses and “good folks like you.”
Miller said that the reason for their appearance was to spread the word about their 13th annual Run for Ryan House, a competitive 5-kilometer run to be held in Riverview Park on October 7 at 7 a.m. in Mesa. “We welcome walkers, runners, strollers, dogs, anybody to come out,” Miller said. “And we also have a family fun walk.” Special guest Batista was last to come to the stage, where they began by introducing themselves and describing some of their background that led to them becoming Mesa's police chief.
“I always wanted to be a police officer, since, I think my earliest recollection is 10 years old and got to live out my dream in Tucson for 31 and a half years,” Batista said. “I did everything that there was to do there with just really a couple of exceptions, but this is just an amazing opportunity that came up the first part of this year and I'm simply honored and blessed to have the opportunity to be a part of the community and to be a part of this really terrific organization at the City of Mesa and Mesa police department,” Batista said. In response to a question about what challenges they had faced Batista said that having come “from just a hundred miles away, the issues are the same and really what changes are the acronyms are different, but so none of it has surprised me.”
Batista added that they wanted to be here for the long haul, and expressed their love for Arizona. Talking about crime in Mesa, Batista spoke about the program CompStat, where the district commanders talk to the bureau chief of patrol about what issues they are facing in their districts, with the goal being crime mitigation. “They identify the crime trends and they figure out the strategies to address them and mitigate them,” Batista said. “And that is one of the great things about Mesa, is that I came from a community that experienced very high violent crime and although violent crime really shocks the conscience… what I love about Mesa and the organization and the process that they have is that they have a way of pinpointing that crime and getting to it and mitigating it as soon as possible.”
Batista made the point that their goals were to ensure accountability in their department, by discussing a ticket that they had received and how they expected to be treated to the same process that any other citizen might.He also brought up that another goal for the department is to increase community outreach and improve the perception of the department in the community.
“If we're out and about, engage,” Batista said. “Talk to us.” Batista said that they were pushing that message internally as well, and said that “every contact we have with the community matters.” To find out more information about Mesa Morning Live visit mesamorninglive.com.
By Scott T. Sterling
Christmas is coming early for Paul McCartney fans.
Related: Billy Joel Joins Paul McCartney Onstage
On Nov. 17, the Beatles legend is set to release eight new titles from the Paul McCartney Archive Collection: McCartney, McCartney II, Tug Of War, Pipes Of Peace, Paul and Linda McCartney: Ram, Paul McCartney and Wings: Band On The Run, Wings: Venus And Mars, At The Speed Of Sound.
Each release will come in single CD digi-pak and 180-gram black vinyl single LP formats—as well as limited edition 180-gram color vinyl pressings. All vinyl LPs in the Archive Collection will feature a download card and fully restored artwork.
Every release in the ongoing Paul McCartney Archive Collection is supervised by McCartney himself, who oversees all aspects of each title from remastering to the curation of lost tracks, outtakes, artwork, photographs and video from their personal vaults.
The titles and corresponding limited edition vinyl colors are as follows:
Paul McCartney: McCartney – RED
Paul McCartney: McCartney II – CLEAR
Paul McCartney: Tug Of War – BLUE
Paul McCartney: Pipes Of Peace – SILVER
Paul and Linda McCartney: Ram – YELLOW
Paul McCartney and Wings: Band On The Run – WHITE
Wings: Venus And Mars – RED & YELLOW
Wings: At The Speed Of Sound – ORANGE
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
"I lost my dad like six months ago to leukemia," Johnson said. "I was raised to fish. My grandfather now has Alzheimer's and I just lost my dad. Some of my biggest memories are growing up on the lakes with them. Now this guy is out here with their daughter. I know after losing my father recently that those are some of the greatest memories you'll keep with you."
Johnson was running the two-day event with fellow Eden Prairie resident Joe Johnson through the Dive Guys Big Fish and Fry program, which allows veterans and children to experience ice fishing for free. The two friends were set up not far off the boat landing at Arrowwood Resort with portable houses equipped with heaters, vexilars and all the equipment anglers would need. Participants could sign up in two-hour intervals starting at 8 a.m. and running through 6 p.m. both Saturday and Sunday.
"We've had about 50-60 kids overall," C. Johnson said. "We've had up to five houses full at any time, so four to five kids in there. People who have never even walked on the ice before or caught fish, they came out and caught some fish and had a good, fun time."
The red Eskimo fish houses were set up over a big school of perch that hung around and kept anglers entertained much of the weekend. The two hosts showed kids how to use their rods and reels, how the underwater cameras worked and were there to answer any questions while letting them enjoy time with their friends and families.
"It's pretty fun," J. Johnson said. "I enjoy being with the kids and helping people try new things. My dad taught me to fish when I was younger, so to help with other kids who don't get to go fishing that often, to help them get on the lake and catch some fish is awesome."
Ruby Chipman has been fishing with their family on open water but had never fished through the ice until Sunday afternoon.
"I grew up in Iowa and didn't do much ice fishing but always enjoyed fishing," Jay said. "We always do quite a bit in the summer and we just happened to be at the resort eating the other day and saw the flyer and thought we would come check this out."
Ruby was chatting away in the heated ice house as they looked down the hole in hopes of enticing another perch to bite after catching a couple already.
"I've got some of the gear myself, but getting the time to get it all out and get out to a lake can be tough," Jay said. "Especially making sure it's a time when both of us can come. It's just kind of nice to have everything set up and come out and use it. They've got a little camera down the hole, and I don't have anything like that. It's a great program."
Dive Guys Big Fish and Fry is in its first year of existence and was started by friends from St. Paul in Pat Walrath and Matt Wilkie. The program hosts overnight events on Red Lake and Lake Mille Lacs. They also travel across the state for day programs like the one in Alexandria that help take kids, veterans and their families onto the ice. The program is currently funded by donations to offset travel, equipment and bait costs, but Walrath and Wilkie are hoping to receive some grant money in the future to keep it going.
Kids have caught everything from perch and crappies to pike and walleyes and even a tiger muskie on an outing in Eden Prairie through the program this winter.
"First tiger muskie I have ever seen in my life, and I've fished for them," C. Johnson said. "It was about a 26-incher, and this kid just happened to catch it on a tip-up. That's pretty awesome."
Seeing the reaction of pulling up a fish like that for a 10-year-old kid is why Walrath and Wilkie started the program. It's why Joe and Cole Johnson were eager to travel around the state to help provide an opportunity for families like the Chipmans.
"It's touching, and it's incredible to see," Cole said. "They don't even know they're out here making a lifelong memory, but I do. We like being able to provide that."
Moody's downgrades five of South Africa's top banks as the country's negative economic outlook worsens while Nigeria's acting leader Osinbajo consults country's leaders amid heightened tensions resulting from threats by northern youth to expel ethnic Igbos.
We begin in South Africa where the credit rating agency Moody's has downgraded five of the country's biggest banks. BusinessDay names the lenders as Standard Bank, FirstRand, Absa, Nedbank and Investec.
In Nigeria the papers lead with a warning from acting President Yemi Osingbajo to deal with groups and individuals allegedly spreading hate speeches capable of affecting the unity of the country.
Vanguard says Osinbajo issued the warning on Tuesday as they met with Northern Elders, at the Presidential Villa, Abuja.
Punch says the meeting, which was held behind closed doors, was called in the wake of the recent ultimatum issued by the large AREWA Moslem youth organization threatening to expel all ethnic Igbo's from the northern regions of the country if they don't leave by an October 1st deadline.
The action came in the wake of a campaign by Igbo secessionists to revive the creation of a breakaway Republic of Biafra.
The Nation says Osinbajo has reportedly directed the country's security chiefs to ensure the protection of lives and property of all Nigerians everywhere in the country.
ThisDay also reports that the acting president also plans to meet thought leaders, including traditional rulers and religious leaders from the zone on Friday in efforts to nip any crisis arising from the threats and counter threats issued by rival organizations in the country.
Kenya's Standard Digital highlights a storm that has broken out between the country's two political heavyweights that is likely to undermine the August 8 General Elections.
The paper reports that the electoral commission trapped by allegations that the Dubai-based firm contracted to print ballot papers has strong links with so-called supremos of President Uhuru Kenyatta's Jubilee coalition.
According to Standard, NASA presidential candidate Raila Odinga has allegedly traced the ties three years back and has invited the country's Elections Commission to put the contract aside in order to "protect the integrity of the polls".
The development comes a day after IEBC warned there may be no elections on August 8 should the ballot tender be put aside once again, citing limited time.
And Kenya's Daily Nation leads with news that Tanzanian President John Magufuli has ordered the confiscation of all undeveloped farms in the country for reallocation to other citizens who can exploit it.
The paper reports that the President made the directive during a meeting with regional commissioners at State House in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday.
President Magufuli reportedly said it isn't fair for a few people to hoard large chunks of land, while the majority of Tanzanians having none.
Bethany Anderson saw the description of a missing disabled man on Facebook at about noon on Saturday. They told police that they had seen the man at Cedar Creek Baptist Church on Beasleys Bend Road, which led to them being found.
Anderson was grateful about helping to find the missing person but says they are not the one to receive the credit.
“I'm not the one to thank,” said Anderson. “Yes I found him, but if it hadn't been for everyone before me sharing it and seeing it on Facebook I would have never known about it. God put me in the right place at the right time.”
Wilson County Sheriff's deputies posted the man's information on Facebook and Twitter at about 9 a.m. Saturday morning. Within four hours, the post had been shared over 400 times.
“We can't thank our followers enough for their assistance in spreading the word and being vigilant during that point and time in finding the disabled missing person,” said Bryan. “The use of social media in this digital world can be vital in finding missing persons, solving crimes as well as other pertinent information that the public can engage in.”
United Academics is asking students to share their thoughts with President Schill. (Courtesy of United Academics)
Faculty union wants to open a dialogue with President Schill
The University of Oregon community can send a postcard to their president this week. United Academics, the faculty union, is running a postcard campaign, asking students, staff and faculty to fill out cards that will be passed on to UO President Michael Schill .
Every campus member has a card option. Undergraduate students are blue. Graduate students and employees are dark green. Non-tenure track instructional faculty are white while their research colleagues are beige. Tenured faculty have yellow cards to sign.
The goal of the campaign is to show President Schill the campus stands in solidarity with its non-tenure track faculty members .
United Academics launched the campaign in response to Schill's blog pos t in response to a story in the Emerald last week .
Schill's post addressed the high proportion of non-tenure track faculty. The president said that they felt that they have failed to acknowledge the role that non-tenured faculty have played on campus. These campus members, Schill said, bring crucial skills and ideas to classrooms as well as help connect students to the professional world.
Schill also addressed the commitment UO has made to its non-tenure track faculty members.
The first collective bargaining agreement struck between United Academics and the university included important steps for non-tenure track faculty. The first step in that agreement was converting a number of part-time adjunct jobs to career positions in that agreement.
Mike Urbancic, vice president for non-tenure track faculty affairs, said the postcards aren't designed to be adversarial .
“The campaign is not designed to ratchet up some sort of competition, or to fight about different points,” Urbancic said, “but simply to raise awareness for something we think is a crucial point of how our campus is .”
According to Urbancic, UO can't function without the work that non-tenure track faculty do. The union fears that Schill doesn't fully understand the work that non-tenured faculty are doing .
“Many of them have been here for decades,” Elizabeth Pellerito, a staff organizer for the union said. “They have been credentialed for decades … we are really just asking [the president] to learn more about whom non-tenure track faculty are and respect what they do and the important role they play at the university .”
UO administration has floated the idea that the school will spend its money more effectively if tenured faculty teach more . Urbancic says this thinking is flawed .
“Any additional hour they're spending working with their classes is an hour that they're not spending with their research,” Urbancic said .
The union will be in front of the EMU Tuesday from 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. Students and faculty members who want to fill out a postcard after Tuesday can pick them up from the union office on 13th Avenue above Noodlehead .
United Academics sent Schill a letter Monday morning requesting a meeting with them and 30-40 non-tenure track faculty members. Pellerito says the purpose is to open a dialogue between the president and members of faculty . They said if the meeting happens, it will take place in early May. The Union will present the postcards to Schill then.
Comments
For their April book, “Just the Facts” Nonfiction Book Discussion Group will be reading Silent Spring by Rachel Carson. Rarely does a single book alter the course of history, but Silent Spring did just that. The outcry that followed its publication in 1962 forced the banning of DDT and spurred the environmental movement. It is without question one of the landmark books of the 20th century. We will discuss this book on Thursday, April 20 at 6:30 pm.
The Café Parlez' selection for April is Crooked Hearts by Lissa Evans. Paper Moon meets the London Blitz in this original black comedy about an unusual alliance between Vera Sedge, a small-time con artist, and Noel Bostock, a young orphan evacuee. On their own, Vera is a disaster. With Noel's eclectic attitude, they are a team. We will discuss this book on Thursday, April 27 at 6:30 pm. Books are available at the desk.
It's the April STEAM-cation! Join the Mad Scientists of Plumb Library as we explore the letters of STEAM – Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, and Math. Child ages 3-6 will hear a story and then work with the Junior Friends of Plumb Library as they demonstrate a science experiment. Come to one or register for them all! Go to the Events Calendar on the Plumb Library website, www.plumblibrary.com, for more information or to register.
Join Ms. Chris Williamson of the RMS Music Department and some of their woodwind students on Thursday, April 27 from 4:30 – 5:30 pm for “Learn about Instruments Session 3: Woodwinds.” Ms. Williamson and their students will demonstrate flutes, saxophones, clarinets, and other reed and woodwind instruments. A very special guest will be demonstrating different bagpipes: Scottish Smallpipes, Northumbrian Smallpipes, and Uilleann pipes. Best for ages 5 and up, but all are welcome. Register in advance at our Events Calendar. Space is limited.
On Saturday, April 29, Library Director Gail Roberts will be demonstrating the library's telescope from 1:00 – 1:30 pm outside on the library lawn. If you've wanted to check out the telescope, but need to know how it works, register at the library's Events Calendar. This program will be repeated monthly.
Children of all ages can register to spend five minutes reading aloud to Amos, the rescued greyhound. The dates for April are Saturday, April 15 and Saturday, April 22, both from 10:30 – 11:00 am. There is a 6 child maximum for this event, so sign up now!
The Joseph H. Plumb Memorial Library is located at 17 Constitution Way, Rochester. For more information, call 508-763-8600 or email info@plumblibrary.com.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of their party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. They said Buhari and their APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit them in London. General Overseer o...
The new Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL will come with an 18W USB-C PD charger in the box, but luckily for you, if you want your brand-new phone to charge faster, the phones support a higher power input.
According to Googler and all-around USB-C fan/evangelist/know-it-all Benson Leung, the Pixel 2 and Pixel 2 XL support up to 27W charging with compliant USB-C PD (power delivery) chargers. You'll need to find a charger that fits and buy it separately, but you can do that if you want super quick charging all the time. More freedom to you!
1 - Overclockers UK Titan Katana Ryzen Review 2 - Overclockers UK Titan Katana Ryzen Review - Gaming and VR 3 - Overclockers UK Titan Katana Ryzen Review - Content Creation 4 - Overclockers UK Titan Katana Ryzen Review - Rendering 5 - Overclockers UK Titan Katana Ryzen Review - Storage 6 - Overclockers UK Titan Katana Ryzen Review - - Power Consumption 7 - Overclockers UK Titan Katana Ryzen Review - Performance Analysis and Conclusion 0 Comments
Overclockers UK Titan Katana Ryzen Review
Specifications
CPU AMD Ryzen 7 1700 (3.8GHz)
AMD Ryzen 7 1700 (3.8GHz) CPU cores Eight physical, 16 threads
Eight physical, 16 threads Memory 16GB (2 x 8GB) Team Group Dark Pro DDR4 3,200MHz
16GB (2 x 8GB) Team Group Dark Pro DDR4 3,200MHz Graphics Asus Strix GeForce GTX 1080 8GB (2 x DisplayPort 1.4, 1 x DL-DVI-D, 2 x HDMI 2.0b)
Asus Strix GeForce GTX 1080 8GB (2 x DisplayPort 1.4, 1 x DL-DVI-D, 2 x HDMI 2.0b) Storage 1 x 256GB Samsung SM961 M.2 SSD (OS), 1 x 2TB Seagate BarraCuda 7,200 RPM hard disk
1 x 256GB Samsung SM961 M.2 SSD (OS), 1 x 2TB Seagate BarraCuda 7,200 RPM hard disk Motherboard Asus Prime B350-Plus
Asus Prime B350-Plus PSU Cougar VTX 650W (80 Plus Bronze, captive cables)
Cougar VTX 650W (80 Plus Bronze, captive cables) Cooling Cooler Master Hyper 212 Evo
Cooler Master Hyper 212 Evo Case / Dimensions (mm) Phanteks Eclipse P400S Glass / 300 x 520 x 555 (W x D x H)
Phanteks Eclipse P400S Glass / 300 x 520 x 555 (W x D x H) Networking 1 x Gigabit LAN
1 x Gigabit LAN Audio Eight-channel Realtek ALC887 (onboard)
Eight-channel Realtek ALC887 (onboard) Operating system Windows 10 64-bit
Windows 10 64-bit Audio and USB Ports Rear: 6 x USB 3.0, 2 x USB 2.0, 3 x 3.5mm jacks; Front: 2 x USB 3.0, 2 x USB 2.0, headphone, microphone
Rear: 6 x USB 3.0, 2 x USB 2.0, 3 x 3.5mm jacks; Front: 2 x USB 3.0, 2 x USB 2.0, headphone, microphone Warranty Three years collect and return
N/AIt says a lot when system builders are confident enough to start dishing out ready-made PCs using a new platform and while we've already seen a Ryzen-based system , we haven't seen one with an overclock or some decent memory. Overclockers UK has been planning its debut with AMD's new CPUs for a while, and its effort is finally here in the form of the Titan Katana Ryzen.This system is fully configurable with a raft of options available, but our £1,700 system comes equipped with a Ryzen 7 1700 which has been overclocked to 3.8GHz for some added grunt. Perhaps even more importantly, the memory, courtesy of a 16GB Team Group Dark Pro DDR4 kit, sits at 3,200MHz, which is no doubt courtesy of the latest AGESA microcode released from AMD that enhances memory compatibility, so kudos to Overclockers UK for being aware of this. In any event, it should boost performance significantly in many tests compared to the lowly 2,133MHz RAM in the PC Specialist Magma Zen machine we looked at in March.Our system came with an Asus GeForce GTX 1080 Strix DirectCU II, which features a factory-overclocked core speed of 1,671MHz and a memory speed of 1,251MHz (10Gbps effective), but the core speed can be bumped up easily to 1,695MHz if you use Asus GPU Tweak, which can apply an OC mode to the card without messing with dials or voltages. In any event, potential customers will need to be considering the upper echelons of gaming resolutions here. The triple fan beast is supremely quiet and silent at low loads when its fans spin down. There are a number of other GTX 1080s as well as other Nvidia and AMD options in Overclockers UK's configurator.Those up to speed with the latest cases will no doubt recognise the choice of case - Phanteks' P400S Glass, which adds some tempered glass to an already solid and fairly good-looking chassis that's kitted out with two fans. Overclockers UK has opted for a Cooler Master Hyper 212 Evo to cool the overclocked CPU, and this has been mounted in vertical mode due to the fact it uses the standard AM4 socket mount. Had we built the system ourselves, we'd have put the rear fan in the roof to aid cooling the CPU, but sadly the second case fan is mounted in the rear fan slot as usual. We'd maybe also have liked to have seen something more potent for our £1,700 given the fact there's an overclocked, eight-core CPU underneath.Another odd choice is the fact that both case fans are wired up to the 12V supply on the PSU and not to the motherboard's fan headers. This means they add noise - somewhat needlessly given how good Asus' fan control in the EFI is. The rest of the system is very quiet, so this is a bit of a shame.However, Overclockers UK will be changing the setup following feedback from us, and fans will be connected to the motherboard. In its own words: 'We can't complain about many other areas, though, as there are some solid choices for storage that include a Samsung SM961 256GB M.2 SSD, which is essentially the OEM version of the 960 Evo with similarly epic read and write speeds. You also get a 2TB Seagate BarraCuda hard disk, and this pairing is pretty much perfect in our eyes for a £1,700 system. However, there are larger capacity drives as well as 2.5" SSDs available too should you wish for more flash storage in a trade-off for speed.The interior is extremely clean and tidy with a good job done on cable tidying. There's also a lot of room for expansion in the case, with the roof free for an all-in-one liquid cooler plus several vacant 2.5" mounts too should you wish to add more storage. The front of the case sports enough room for several more fans meaning that custom liquid cooling is an option too. We're also sold on the red and black colour scheme, and the glossy finish to the PSU cover really does liven the insides up to improve the view through the tempered glass side panel.Overclockers UK has opted for an Asus Prime B350-Plus motherboard to sit at the heart of the PC. It's an interesting choice, as AM4 motherboards sport three chipsets that can overclock Ryzen CPUs, with B350 being a slightly more cut-down version of X370. It clearly does everything you need it to despite its £90 price tag, including providing a home for the SM961 M.2 SSD. However, you'll only get ALC887 audio, which is inferior to the ALC1220 audio codec included with more expensive boards. If this is an issue, there are plenty of PCI-E slots free, and Overclockers UK offers an Asus Xonar DGX 5.1 sound card for an extra £30.You also get a 650W Cougar VTX PSU, which has enough grunt to deal with adding a number of upgrades, although the motherboard lacks SLI support, so you won't be able to add another GTX 1080 at a later date. Overclockers UK offers a comprehensive three-year collect and return warranty, and the system of course comes with Windows 10 pre-installed.
Warning: This article contains spoilers for “This Is Us.”
(WCMH) — Last week's episode of “This Is Us” ended with a fire sparked by a faulty switch on an old Crock-Pot. The slow-cooker brand has had fires of its own to put out on social media, as people have vowed never to use their Crock-Pots again.
Enter actor Milo Ventimiglia, who plays the ill-fated Jack Pearson on the show. Ventimiglia arguably has the biggest beef with Crock-Pot, as their character is slated to perish in the fire in the next episode.
Dressed as Jack, Ventimiglia appears in an ad on the show's set and delivers a wholesome Super Bowl message.
“The big game is fast approaching and for many of us, this day brings an opportunity to gather with friends and family, loved ones that we don't get to see all that often,” Ventimiglia says.
“This year, this year I think we should all take a deep breath, find the ability to forgive and remind ourselves there is no difference so great that we can't overcome it,” they continue, before helping themselves to a big bowl of chili straight out of the Crock-Pot.
Milo reminds us to come together for the Big Game. Watch This Is Us on NBC, Sunday, February 4. pic.twitter.com/Iawc1llCWj — This Is Us (@NBCThisisUs) February 3, 2018
The video ends with the Crock-Pot logo and the hashtag #CrockPotIsInnocent.
You can watch the next episode of “This Is Us” Sunday night after the Super Bowl on News Channel 8.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WEST Miami-Dade (CBSMiami) – A man is dead and another injured after a violent altercation in West Miami-Dade County.
Miami-Dade Police say they were called to a home at 6121 SW 24th Street around 2 a.m. Monday.
There was some type of fight between two men inside the home.
Neighbors said that the landlord, Carlos Pinto, 66, was stabbed by an angry tenant, known as Richard, who then stabbed themselves and died, but that has not been confirmed by police.
There have been problems at that same home before, according to neighbors.
“It's a little sad because you don't hear that around here but yeah it was expected at some point I guess,” said neighbor Vania Mesa. “Cops are always here and it's always that house.”
‘He's really great. He's a really good person,” said neighbor Sarah Garcia.
They said they were horrified by very nearly losing them friend.
Crews rushed Pinto to the hospital.
“You would never expect someone to do that to you,” said Garcia. “You know, you're helping them and you ended up being stabbed by one of your friends.”
“Surprising…we really don't get stuff like that in this neighborhood,” said the victim's friend Derik Mesa. “It's kind of scary.”
Miami-Dade Police detectives should have an update this afternoon.
Anyone with information is urged to call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at (305) 471-TIPS.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Gov. Rick Scott gives an update on Tropical Storm Nate at the Escamiba County Emergency Operations Center on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. (Jim Little/jwlittle@pnj.com)
Buy Photo Gov. Rick Scott, local and state officials hold a press briefing on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Pensacola on Tropical Storm Nate. (Photo: Tony Giberson/tgiberson@pnj.com)Buy Photo
This story will continue to be updated. See something missing? Email online@pnj.com.
Schools, airport and military
Pensacola International Airport will close and cease all operations at 8 p.m. Saturday and will remain closed Sunday. Weather permitting, normal operations are expected to resume Monday, according to a Facebook post.
Passengers with impacted travel plans should contact their airlines for flight information and details on rebooking and cancellations.
People trying to access the parking garage Saturday must present a valid airline ticket with same-day scheduled departure. Access to the parking garage will close at 8 p.m. Saturday and will not reopen until Monday.
Pensacola State College will close at 5 p.m. Saturday and remain closed through Sunday. All activities and classes on campus or online are canceled. The college will conduct the previously scheduled SAT testing on Saturday. PSC will resume normal operations, activities and class schedules on Monday.
Escambia County School District students are not in session Monday as part of a pre-planned teacher training day. Superintendent Malcolm Thomas said staff will be notified Sunday if Monday's training day will go on as planned.
List of cancellations continues below gallery
Superintendent Tim Wyrosdick said the Santa Rosa County School District is canceling all activities Saturday evening due to the storm. A decision regarding school on Monday will be made by 6 p.m. Saturday.
The University of West Florida will close all of its locations starting at noon Saturday through Monday. That includes all classes, events, campus and online courses. The university expected to reopen on Tuesday unless conditions change.
Pensacola Naval Air Station will stop normal operations and close the installation to all visitors starting at 5 p.m. Friday. Only mission essential personnel are required to report for duty. The National Naval Aviation Museum will be closed Saturday and Sunday.
Events
WSRE's "StudioAmped" performance by Johnny Hayes & The Loveseats that was scheduled for Monday has been canceled. The Friday night performance will take place as scheduled, starting at 7 p.m. in the WSRE Jean & Paul Amos Performance Studio at Pensacola State College. The remainder of the "StudioAmped" lineup will be performed as scheduled, resuming Tuesday with Jimmy Lumpkin & The Revival.
The Santa Rosa Island Triathlon was canceled due to the storm. More information can be found here.
UWF's home football game against Mississippi College has been rescheduled for 6 p.m. Friday at Blue Wahoos Stadium. The game was initially scheduled for Saturday evening.
The Japan-U.S Military Program scheduled for Saturday at the National Naval Aviation Museum has been canceled.
Sacred Heart Health System has postponed its Medical Mission at Home event, which was scheduled for Saturday at Pensacola High School. The event, a day of free screenings, social services and health care services, will be rescheduled.
The BaseFEST concert on board Pensacola Naval Air Station that was scheduled for Saturday is canceled. It will not be rescheduled.
The eighth annual Navarre Beach Take A Kid Fishing event set for Saturday at the Navarre Pier has been re-scheduled. It will now take place from 8 to 11 a.m. Oct. 21, pending approval from the Santa Rosa County commissioners.
Pensacola State College has canceled Pensacola ComposerFest XIII, which was scheduled for 2:30 p.m. Sunday at the school's Ashmore Fine Arts Auditorium.
Pensacola Day, a Campus Church event scheduled for Saturday, has been canceled because the weather is expected to affect many of the event's outdoor activities.
Northwest Florida Great Dane Rescue's Second Annual Dane-Toberfest, a fundraising event featuring adoptable dogs, food and vendors, has been rescheduled for Oct. 15 at Seville Square from noon to 5 p.m.
Other
The following state parks in Escambia and Santa Rosa counties will close at 5 p.m. Friday:
Big Lagoon State Park (Escambia County)
Blackwater Heritage State Trail (Santa Rosa County)
Blackwater River State Park (Santa Rosa County)
Perdido Key State Park (Escambia County)
Tarkiln Bayou Preserve State Park (Escambia County)
Yellow River Marsh Preserve State Park (Santa Rosa County)
Beginning at 4 p.m. Saturday, outside activities, including youth sports, will be canceled at Shoreline Park in Gulf Breeze. Also at 4 p.m. Saturday, Shoreline Park South, including the boat ramp, pier, parking area and beach, will be closed. The Gulf Breeze Community Center and Shoreline Park are expected to reopen at noon Sunday.
The National Park Service closed all of Gulf Islands National Seashore to the public. The closure included all of the park's Mississippi islands, Fort Pickens, Fort Barrancas, Naval Live Oaks, Santa Rosa Island and the Okaloosa and Perdido Key areas. All campers at the Fort Pickens and Davis Bayou campgrounds had to evacuate by noon Friday.
All local YMCA branches will open on time Saturday and offer scheduled programs and classes before closing at 4 p.m. Saturday. The branches will remain closed on Sunday.
The Florida Department of Corrections has canceled weekend visitation at all institutions in the Panhandle on Saturday and Sunday in response to the storm
Local impacted facilities include Blackwater River Correctional Facility, Century Correctional Institution, Okaloosa Correctional Institution, Santa Rosa Correctional Institution and Santa Rosa Correctional Institution Annex.
For the full list of impacted facilities in Region I, visit dc.state.fl.us.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Nate is most likely to clip far eastern Louisiana before finally coming ashore somewhere near the Mississippi-Alabama border late Saturday into early Sunday. Ryan Truchelut/WeatherTiger
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/weather/hurricanes/2017/10/06/tropical-storm-nate-escambia-santa-rosa-closures-cancellations/741043001/
New React version promises near-native performance
Version 16 of Facebook's JavaScript library for building UIs will feature the Fiber reconciliation algorithm.
Facebook's plans for its React JavaScript library include rewriting the library's internals to improve visual performance and make web apps more like native ones.
The React 16 upgrade will feature Fiber, a new reconciliation algorithm that improves responsiveness. GitHub notes on React written in January say, "Fiber gives us a solid foundation to improve React core in numerous ways.... We intend to ship it with React 16 by default."
A presentation on Fiber given last fall by Facebook React core team member Andrew Clark stressed the intention to use Fiber to bring web apps closer to native mobile app performance.
React 16 will exclude some APIs whose usage is not recommended, such as helpers for React.createClass and React.Dom, from the default build in order to reduce bundle size. They will still be available as separate packages if developers want them. To have greater control over bundles for better optimization, React builders have been considering a switch to flat bundles and removing access to React internals in react/lib/* and react-dom/lib/*. "This will also mean faster compile times by default for users of Webpack and other bundlers, and faster server-side rendering performance," the notes state.
In the meantime, Facebook has released React 15.5.0, with new deprecation warnings. React.PropTypes and React.createClass have been extracted into their own packages. Both remain accessible via the main React object, but using either will log a one-time deprecation warning to the console when in development mode.
Also, React addons packages support, covering such packages as react-addons-create-fragment, is being discontinued. "In truth, most of these packages haven't been actively maintained in a long time," said Clark. "They will continue to work indefinitely, but we recommend migrating away as soon as you can to prevent future breakages."
React 15.5.0 also migrates from React.PropTypes, which provide for runtime validation of props while in development. "We've extracted the built-in prop types to a separate package to reflect the fact that not everybody uses them," Clark said. Migration from React.createClass is featured as well.
1
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 30 May 2018:
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair was in Freetown, Sierra Leone last Monday 28 May, 2018 on a one day visit to State House, where they held talks with president Julius Maada Bio.
Mr Blair also attended a roundtable discussion with cabinet ministers, chaired by Chief Minister – Professor David J. Francis, and later had dinner with the president hosted by the First Lady – Mrs Fatmata Bio.
During their meeting with president Bio, the former British Prime Minister who was once vested with a chief title in Sierra Leone after the country's long and bitter civil war, applauded president Bio for the steps taken so far in moving Sierra Leone forward after their remarkable victory in the 2018 elections.
Mr Blair has been a long-time friend of the country – and many would say an ambassador. For the most part of the former APC government's term of office, they utilised their Africa Governance Initiative to buttress the capacity of the Koroma administration to deliver its programmes, by placing a team of expatriates across various ministries, though critics say that the initiative achieved very little, and in many respects prevented the Koroma administration from becoming self-reliant.
Tony Blair also brokered a series of Sierra Leone investment conferences in London, to assist former president Koroma in promoting inward investments.
According to State House report, Mr Blair told president Bio that their new administration was already winning admiration across the world.
“We see the great things you are doing so that Sierra Leone becomes a better place. We are delighted to be here again. We see that you have had a great start to your administration,” they said.
President Bio thanked Mr Blair for their visit. They said their government inherited a lot of challenges from the Koroma government, but that they are determined to change things around for the better.
“It is therefore clear that we have a huge and very difficult task to deliver on. We hope to fix it. There is a lot to do, but we are doing everything possible to get the country back on track,” Bio told Blair.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
HARRISONVILLE, Mo. (AP) — A man connected to two Kansas City-area women who disappeared about 10 years apart has been charged with murder in their deaths.
Kylr Yust was charged Thursday with two counts of first-degree murder and two counts of abandoning a corpse in the deaths of 17-year-old Kara Kopetsky of Belton and 21-year-old Jessica Runions of Raymore.  They are being held on $1 million bond.
Yust had long been a suspect in the two deaths. Runions was seen leaving a gathering with Yust before they disappeared in September 2016.
Kopetsky had filed a protection order against Yust in April 2007, a month before they went missing after walking out of Belton High School.
The remains of Kopetsky and Runions were found in April in a rural area near Belton.
","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '170', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833245","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "square","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833245","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_square_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_square_desktop","other_square_tablet","other_square_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["970x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"ix_aol_om":["728x90_5000"],"ix_aol_id":["_1DF9qfZ1"]},"price":5000,"adm":" ","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"AolHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["57_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,250],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["55_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[970,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"},{"targeting":{"rpfl_XXXX":["2_tier7000"],"rpfl_elemid":["_g7Apgheo"]},"price":4500,"adm":"","size":[728,90],"partnerId":"RubiconHtb"}],"other_square_desktop":[{"targeting":{"IOM":["300x600_5000"],"ix_id":["_VY8yOJVM"]},"price":5000,"adm":" certification testing: 5_5000 (1520325519) ","size":[300,600],"partnerId":"IndexExchangeHtb"}]},"page":[]}; } if (typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined" && demand != null) { updateIXrender(demand); } ADTECH.config.page = { protocol: (typeof location.protocol != 'undefined') ? location.protocol.substring(0,location.protocol.indexOf(':')) : 'http', server: 'adserver.adtech.de', network: '1695.1', params: { loc: '100' }};ADTECH.config.placements['www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop'] = {responsive : { useresponsive: true, bounds: [{id: 'neutralisation_square', min: 0, max: 899 }, {id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_tablet', min: 900, max: 1279 },{id: 'www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop', min: 1280, max: 9999 }]}, sizeid: '1761', fif: {usefif:true, disableFriendlyFlag: true}, params: { target: '_blank' },kv:(typeof HBKEYVALUES != "undefined") ? Object.assign({"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833245","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}, HBKEYVALUES[getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")]) : {"site": "www.rugbyrama.fr","position": "middle","page": "story","sport": "44","recurring_event": "755","competition": "474","agency": "145","topic": "5","sponso": "off","content": "6833245","abbr":(typeof adtechCCfullstring != 'undefined') ? adtechCCfullstring : ''}};ADTECH.enqueueAd('www.rugbyrama.fr_other_middle_desktop');ADTECH.executeQueue(); } if (window.headertag != undefined) { window.headertag.retrieveDemand([{htSlotName: getHtSlotName("other_middle_desktop","other_middle_tablet","other_middle_mobile")}], lazyLoadedIX); } else { console.error('Wrapper is not loaded, let\'s just carry on with the request'); lazyLoadedIX(null); } } -->
ON SCREEN?: Ron Harris is still working toward a cinema and planetarium at Beach Plaza.
THE push for an Airlie Beach cinema has been a long time in the making, but the man behind the mission is still working toward the project based at the Beach Plaza.
Initially, the Salt restaurant fire presented challenges to the cinema, originally slated for completion in March before being pushed back to August.
Then, proponent Ron Harris said the aftermath of Cyclone Debbie and a serious health issue now cast a cloud over when it would go ahead.
Mr Harris was diagnosed with a melanoma on their lip and awaits overseas test results to determine whether the cancer spread.
However, they are still committed to starting at least the planetarium proposed for the top floor.
"I paid a $47,000 deposit on an eight-metre dome so what I've done is... converted it to a five-metre dome so I can do the video development for 360-degree viewing,” they said.
"I ordered camera mounts on a helicopter to film 360 degree footage of the Great Barrier Reef so I will continue with the development from home in my hangar house.”
The dome is expected to arrive in August.
One man arrest was following two vehicle collisions near Tuscola on Interstate 57 on Tuesday, May 8.
According to Illinois State Police, the initial collision took place at 1:56 p.m. near I-57 Milepost 218 where Jess Plunkett, 41, of Paragould, Ark., was traveling northbound on I-57 in a 2016 Freightliner semi.
Rayna Murphy, 23, Willow Springs; David Simpkins, 65, Newman; Amy Salmon, 41, Monticello; and Gerald Case, 50, Indianapolis were stopped on were stopped in the right lane due to a traffic backup from a stalled trunk in the roadway. Plunkett failed to stop and caused a rear end collision with the other motorists. They were cited for DUI-Drugs and failure to reduce speed to avoid an accident.
Simpkins and Salmon were transported to a local hospital for non-life threatening injuries.
The stopped traffic behind this collision, caused a secondary wreck moments later when Brandon Boyd, 35, Brownsville, Tenn.; Andrew Bergan, 31, Champaign; and Amanda Drummond, 40, Mattoon, were traveling northbound on I-57 near Milepost 217.8 when they approached the first wreck. Bergan and Drummond stopped in the right lane. Boyd struck Bergan who struck Drummond.
Boyd's vehicle left the roadway and came to rest in the right ditch, while Bergan and Drummond left the roadway to the left and came to rest in the grassy median.
Bergan's 2012 Chevrolet caught fire during the incident. They were extricated from the burning vehicle by three motorists and Illinois State Trooper. Bergan was transported by helicopter to an area hospital for life-threatening injuries. Drummond and their passenger were transported to an area hospital for non-life threatening injuries.
Boyd was cited for failure to reduce speed to avoid an accident.
Throughout the incident response, investigation, and cleanup motorists were directed through Tuscola on US Route 36 to Route 45 where they were rerouted to I-57 near Pesotum.
The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
On June 5, 1976, the 305-foot-high Teton Dam in Idaho broke in half. Its collapse sent a wall of water through the Teton River canyon, north of the town of Newdale in Fremont County. Downstream, with no canyon to contain it, the flood fanned out for miles across the Snake River Plain. The water turned south, gobbling up cattle, cars and homes on its slow march to Idaho Falls and beyond.
Tourists will soon be able to visit the Thai cave...
A relative of Pheeraphat 'Night' Sompiengjai sits next to presents for their birthday.
One of the young Thai soccer players who went missing in a partly flooded cave turned 16 while stranded there — and their relatives are eagerly awaiting their return so they can finally celebrate as a family.
Pheeraphat Sompiengjai — known by their nickname, “Night” — became a year older on June 23, the day they and 11 other boys and their 25-year-old soccer coach made the ill-fated decision to walk into the labyrinthine Tham Luang cave network and became trapped.
That night, their family anxiously waited for them to come home so they could have dinner and celebrate — but they never did.
“He never missed any time they were supposed to be home,” their sister Phunphatsa told AFP. “We had prepared dinner to celebrate and some relatives came to join.”
Their family kept their birthday cake because they “still had hoped” they would be found alive, the sister said.
Phunphatsa still has the cake — frosted yellow, with a smiling cartoon character — in the fridge “to surprise him” when he's finally rescued.
Their teammates had pitched them to gift them special snacks for their birthday — and their family think they sustained them at least for a little of their ordeal in the cave.
Their village of Vieng Hom in northern Thailand is home to three other trapped boys, and the teammates often gathered at Pheeraphat's house to play, their sister said.
The family's anxiety was eased a little Wednesday by newly released footage from the Thai navy that showed the team smiling and looking healthier than when they were found, emaciated and huddled on a rocky slope in the darkness.
“It's very good to see they are safe. I know they will be okay,” said their mom, Supaluk.
But as authorities teach the boys to dive and mull how to get them out of the cave, it could be days or even months before the family is reunited.
“I feel it's a long time (to wait) … but it's okay if it makes them safe,” Phunphatsa said, adding that without him, “the house is quiet.”
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) — North Carolina Gov. Roy Cooper says they had a good conversation with a top Trump administration official over plans to expand offshore drilling.
Cooper said they talked to Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke about concerns that drilling could cause catastrophic damage to the state's $3 billion tourism and fishing industries.
The Democratic governor says residents of North Carolina need to make their opposition clear to the federal government.
The plan has bipartisan opposition: Republican South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster met with Zinke on Friday and shared similar concerns.
In January, Zinke announced plans to vastly expand offshore oil drilling from the Atlantic to the Arctic and Pacific oceans. The plan would open 90 percent of the nation's offshore reserves to development by private companies.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Hungary plans to detain asylum seekers in shipping containers
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
Jemele Hill co-hosted SportsCenter for the last time with Michael Smith at 6 p.m. ET on Friday. To be clear, she's not leaving ESPN. They chose to change their role at the company to become a writer for The Undefeated and will still appear on various ESPN shows.
During their final appearance as SC6 host, Chauncey Billups and Jalen Rose said they'd miss them Additionally, a clip that went through some of Hill's best past TV moments was played, and at the very end, they thanked Smith and the production staff.
Hill said:
“A lot of people here to thank, certainly all the production staff … and to you, Mike. This year has been interesting, to say the least, a lot of ups and downs, a lot of highs. While we won't be doing this show together, certainly our friendship is not ending … Y'all still gonna see me on TV.”
Smith replied:
“We're all proud of you, and as your friend, I'm happy that you're happy. That's the most important thing.”
Hill and Smith were excellent as co-hosts from their past show Theirs & Hers to SC6. They also had this amazing Twitter exchange when it was announced that Hill would be leaving SportsCenter.
And again, in case you missed it above, Hill is not leaving ESPN. They had to make that clear again shortly after their last SC6 show.
Looking for some guidance on gift ideas for boys this Hanukkah? We've put together a solid list of gifts for this holiday season that's bound to include something perfect for the young man or men you're shopping for. We've included some neat new gadgets, outdoor gear and some cool apparel in order to hit all the bases — there's something here for every kind of kid!
1. Holy Stone 1080P Camera Drone RC Quadcopter with 120° Wide-Angle HD Camera
Does your favorite young man have an interest in remote controlled devices and/or photography? Here's an awesome drone that combines the two hobbies into one! This is a great value for a beginner to intermediate skill level drone. It's a good entry level model for newcomers to learn how to operate a drone and also a pretty righteous and highly capable drone for those who already have some experience. For a top of the line, advanced level drone check out the seriously impressive DJI Phantom 3 Professional Quadcopter. This model by Holy Stone comes with a high quality 1080P camera for taking video that can be switched out with a Go-Pro if preferred. It's capable of some pretty righteous footage and would be a lot of fun to fly around anywhere from the neighborhood to the great outdoors. There are all sorts of fun applications for a camera-compatible drone that will ensure you never get bored with it. All in all, this is a seriously cool gift that will no doubt be the talk of this year's Hanukkah!
Price: $199.99 & Free Shipping
2. Boombotix Weatherproof Bluetooth Speaker
Are you shopping for a music lover? This powerful little bluetooth speaker by Boombotix will ensure whoever you're shopping for always has music on hand. This portable, weatherproof speaker sounds really great for the size and cost — and you won't be disappointed with how tough this little boom-box is. I purchased this speaker over a year ago last summer, and it has played countless hours of music for me. The powerful clip on the backside of the speaker makes it easily attached to a backpack strap or anywhere really. I take mine fishing and to the beach on a regular basis and it sees a lot of splashes and a lot of sand — but nothing has stopped it yet. This would make a great gift for anyone who loves the freedom to jam out anywhere but is hard on their belongings….AKA most young men. On a full charge the Boombot speaker will play music for around eight hours — pretty killer battery life if you ask me. If whoever you're shopping for doesn't have a Bluetooth compatible music device then fear not, you can use the auxiliary plug. This speaker can even be “daisy-chained” to other Boombotix speakers for more volume output. All in all, if you want to give the gift of bringing music along anywhere, definitely check out this tough, dependable and LOUD speaker by Boombotix. On a final note — I purchased mine for $60 at RadioShack last year and consider it some of the best money I've ever spent considering the use it's gotten, so Amazon's price of $16 seems almost unreasonable for such a sweet little unit!
Price: $18.49 — $24.99
3. Phantom Aquatics Panoramic Scuba Mask Snorkel Set
Having a mask and snorkel to do some free diving can be really fun. It's a great gift for young men who have a passion for exploration and an interest in aquatic life and the underwater world. Depending on where you're located, there may be a lot to look at underwater at your favorite beach, lake or stream. When visibility is good, it's like entering a whole different world with a nice mask on. This snorkel and mask set by Phantom Aquatics is a great value, and honestly a pretty decent option for serious scuba divers as well. I myself am a certified diver and prefer a single lens design rather than masks that separate the lens for each eye. By having only one lens, your field of vision is more fluid and not split by a divider. Furthermore, the lens on this mask curves around the side housing in order to give you a truly panoramic view. The mask material is silicone, and customer reviews give the comfortability rating a thumbs up. I was taught to always rub regular toothpaste on the inside of a new mask lens before initially using it in order to ensure the mask wont fog up on you. The toothpaste removes the residues left over from manufacturing that can cause your mask to fog up. The snorkel here is pretty standard, but it does include a purge valve which is a nice feature. At $35 this set is a great buy and with the proper care (make sure to rinse with fresh water after use in the ocean!) it should last for years of underwater exploring. This is a gift that any underwater enthusiast would love to own and also has potential to inspire a new interest and hobby for the amateur free diver.
Price: $34.99 & Free Shipping (42 percent off MSRP)
4. Winner Outfitters Double Camping Hammock
Hammocks are a big up and coming outdoor item these days, and for good reason. A good hammock packs small, can be set up in a variety of places and is fun and relaxing to casually lay out and swing on! It's a fun thing to have for use in the backyard, the wilderness or anywhere really! This hammock has a whopping 500 pound weight limit, and claims to provide plenty of space for two people. The 210T nylon parachute fabric employed in its design is what allows this hammock to be both strong and light. Winner Outfitters includes two tree friendly straps and carabiners with this hammock so it comes ready to rock. At $27, this is a very reasonably priced hammock, and customer reviews insist the quality is adequate. Winner Outfitters also offers a single hammock if you find the double is a bit excessive.
Price: $26.99 & Free Shipping (61 percent off MSRP)
5. Makanu Mahogany Soprano Ukulele with Gig Bag
Some boys just love to noodle around on a guitar. For the musician who finds it hard to be without instrument — this ukulele by Makanu is a great item to own for playing on the go. This is one of the higher reviewed ukes on the market, and it comes at a very reasonable cost. It's a 21 inch soprano ukulele with 12 frets that's paired with white nylon strings and silver geared tuners. The body and neck are mahogany and covered with a clear, high gloss finish. If one of the boys in your circle is a talented string player, they might get a big kick out of owning this little instrument for jamming anywhere, anytime. This little guy conveniently comes with a carry bag so you can avoid getting the thing too beat up and dirty when you're traveling with it. As far as small, cheaper ukuleles go, this model has the best reviews for staying in tune and for ease and comfort of play.
Price: $39.95 & Free Shipping
6. Celestron 127EQ PowerSeeker Telescope
Are there any young men in your life who have an interest in the night sky? Here's a great telescope for the amateur or aspiring astronomer. This 127mm aperture and 1000mm focal length telescope is a great option for an affordable and easy to use first telescope. There are no tools required for assembly with this one, so putting it together out of the box is a breeze. It's essentially as simple as connecting the tripod to the telescope, and then attaching the desired eyepiece — piece of cake. The PowerSeeker 127EQ includes a 3x Barlow lens which triples the magnifying power of each lens. There are two eyepieces included, their focal lengths are 4mm and 20mm. Celestron even includes some free software with this telescope that you can use to learn and locate thousands of celestial objects. It's 17 pounds, so this telescope is pretty easy to travel with. There's a two year limited warranty included on this unit so you can buy in confidence. Celestron offers an accessory kit for their PowerSeeker line if you want to expand this telescope's abilities a bit. For the beginner astronomer, the idea behind this unit is to not waste any time learning to view the night sky in detail. A gift like this is fascinating to master and will never get old — it could very well inspire a new found passion for astronomy!
Price: $133.99 & Free Shipping (21 percent off MSRP)
7. Forum Novelties Men's Lite-Up Menorah Chanukah Sweater
Here's a silly gift that's bound to see some wear at this year's holiday party and beyond. Gift this one early on this Hanukkah so it can see some use. This 100% polyester sweater is a head turner for sure — the menorah candles light up or can be switched to a blinking mode. You'll have to gently handwash this one so don't toss it in the wash. According to customer reviews this is actually a pretty comfortable sweater, so this can be worn for fun as well as for being cozy this December.
Price: $21.09 – $42.49 & Free Returns
8. GoPro HERO5 Black Action Camera With Adventure Kit
The newer GoPro cameras are pretty incredible. Whether or not the boy you're shopping for is into action sports or outdoor adventure, this is a fantastic camera for just about any purpose. The “Ready for Adventure” kit includes the GoPro Hero5 Camera, 64GB microSD card, card wallet, card reader, camera cloth, selfie stick, an HDMI cable, cleaning kit and even a camera case! It's all there! GoPro's are totally waterproof and super compact, so they're great cameras for underwater photography, action sports and even nature photography and videography. You can really get creative with your GoPro and use it for capturing all sorts of unique footage. This is a great value bundle pack with everything you need to get going. Operating a GoPro is pretty darn easy so this will make a great gift for boys at pretty much all ages. A good camera is an investment for sure — this model is bound to last for years of capturing awesome footage. The newest model GoPro (the GoPro 6) has even better stats concerning image quality and stabilization and even has voice controlled settings. If you're shopping for an action camera enthusiast then definitely give the newest GoPro a look.
Price: $429.00 & FREE Shipping
9. Spikeball Game Set
Are you trying to find a gift for a highly active young man? If you've been to the beach or park lately, you very well may have seen some groups playing Spikeball. I see this game played all over, and at first I thought it looked kind of silly. When I finally got a chance to play I immediately understood why this game has become so popular. It's very comparable to volleyball in how its played — with two people on each team. The game is super high energy and fast paced — a great activity if you want some rowdy competition with friends. The game conveniently breaks down into a carry bag that is worn as a light backpack — so it's a lot less intensive than bringing a volley ball net to your picnic or beach day fun. This is a truly exciting group game without the hassle of lugging anything too cumbersome that's sure to become a hit. Rivalries are bound to ignite and tournaments will likely ensue on a regular basis with Spikeball around…definitely a ton of fun for boys of all ages.
Price: $59.99 & FREE Shipping (25 percent off MSRP)
10. COR Waterproof Dry Bag Roll — Top Backpack
This dry bag style backpack by COR could be just what the young man in your life needs! It offers all the benefits of a traditional dry bag, but really strives to provide the comfort and storage capacity of a good backpack. This is a pack that will actually float if dropped in the water — it could be perfect for rafting, paddle boarding and other watersports. There's an interior padded laptop sleeve so you can stow your electronics knowing they will be both dry and secure. The air mesh padded back panel and shoulder straps create pretty good lumbar support, so this pack is a fine option for doing some serious hiking as well. It's challenging finding a true dry bag that will also behave and operate like a nice backpack, so this pack really has it going on. Reflective patches on the front of the pack also add to its safety stats when riding a bicycle at night or if trying to signal for help. Perhaps the best feature that's bound to come in handy is the large water resistant zip side pocket, allowing you to effectively organize the contents in this pack. If you're gifted buying for someone who spends a lot of time out in the elements, the gift of dry gear is bound to go over well!
Price: $49.99 & Free Shipping (44 percent off MSRP)
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. They can control their lights with their Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell them when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and their team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says they imagine both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," they say.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
KWARA STATE Commissioner, National Population Commission, NPC, Abubakar Ndakene has disclosed that the commission had recruited 50 officials for the third phase of the Enumeration Area Demarcation, EAD, for the 2018 population and housing census exercise in Oyun Local Government Area of the state. They said the 50 recruited officials, who had been grouped into […]
The post 2018 Census: NPC recruits 50 officials for Kwara LGs' demarcation appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Accounting standards in the spotlight as life insurers take strain
DUBLIN, Ohio – The last time Tiger Woods played a tournament round at Shinnecock Hills, site of the U.S. Open in two weeks, was 14 years ago when they tied for 17th following a closing-round 76.
It's that lack of familiarity that at least partially motivated Woods, who also played Shinnecock in 1995 as a 19-year-old amateur, to spend two days this week at the course preparing for the year's second major.
Theirs thoughts?
Memorial Tournament: Articles, photos and videos
“Unfortunately it rained the day before I got there and the golf course played really long,” Woods said on Wednesday at the Memorial. “I'm sure it probably won't play as long as we played it, 7,500 yards, par 70 is a long golf course.”
Much has changed at the New York gem since the 2004 U.S. Open, most notably how long the layout plays. At the '95 championship, the layout played to 6,944 yards and a par of 70, and it was slightly stretched to 6,996 yards in '04. For this year's U.S. Open, the course will remain a par 70, but play to 7,445 yards.
“They've made some pretty significant changes since the last time that I had seen it,” they said. “I believe there's over 500 trees that are gone since last time I played it. They added 500 yards to it. So it's quite significant.”
Woods spent Monday and Tuesday practicing at Shinnecock Hills before flying to the Memorial, which will be their last start before the U.S. Open.
A group of students from Scoil Phadraig Boys National school in Clane, were among those with projects in the Intel Mini Scientist exhibition recently.
Andrew O'Brien, Alex Mooney and James O'Rourke, all fifth class pupils, did a project called Automatic Washing Line. This involves a automatic washing line which has a sensor on the top that, when rain hits it, activates a motor which will automatically bring the clothes in undercover.
The group won the Intel Mini-scientist competition in their own school. The lads went on to represent the school in the Regional Finals in Blanchardstown in December.
They impressed the judges there and are now going forward to the Grand Final at the Helix in Dublin City University this Friday, February 2.
SEE ALSO:POLL: Vote for Kildare's Top Memorable Sporting Moment
The Department of Education “must move faster” to prioritise the new Naas Community College project at Millenium Park.
Fianna Fail TD James Lawless, chairperson of NCC's board of management, said the school is a key part of the educational infrastructure for Naas and surrounding areas like Sallins, Kill, Johnstown and Rathmore.
“The delays have been frustrating for the school community and I've repeatedly brought these concerns to the Minister's (Richard Bruton) attention, “ Dep. Lawless said. They said there is a considerable demand for places in the school.
“The Department and the Kildare and Wicklow Education and Training Board are 100% committed to this project and great progress has been made despite scaremongering from some opportunistic politicians.
“However the delays are causing understandable concern for many parents and the wider school community.”
In reply to a Dail question tabled by Dep. Lawless, Mr. Bruton said the plans are being examined by the Department and the result of this will be conveyed to the KWETB as soon as it is available.
A watchdog has described the quality of teaching at a Tayside high school as “inconsistent”.
During a recent visit by inspectors, Education Scotland found Brechin High School had made insufficient progress since a previous inspection.
In 2012, HM Inspectors published a letter setting out a number of areas for improvement which were agreed with the school and Angus Council.
During the latest visit, inspectors talked to young people and worked closely with the headteacher and staff.
The report read: “We heard from the headteacher and other staff about the steps the school has taken to improve. Young people are very positive about their new school building and the opportunities it will bring.
“Most young people are respectful to each other and their teachers and behave well in class.
“While there is evidence of good practice, the quality of learning and teaching is still too inconsistent. In many classes, however, teachers' expectations for young people's behaviour and for what they can achieve are still too low.”
Education Scotland will liaise with Angus Council regarding the school's capacity to improve and will return to carry out a further inspection within 12 months.
A spokesperson for Angus Council said: “In noting the report, we are pleased it identifies the good practice within the school and particularly the good conduct of our young people towards each other and in class.
“Staff and young people are all very positive about their new surroundings at Brechin Community Campus and the opportunities this modern environment presents.
“As the report states, steps have been taken by the head teacher and staff to bring about improvement where required. That work continues through comprehensive planning and a leadership team that is committed to the improvement agenda.
“In partnership with Education Scotland, council officers, local business and, of course parents and young people, our staff is enhancing the quality of learning and teaching at Brechin Community Campus.”
Square (NYSE: SQ), the easy-to-use credit card processing system, is proving to be a bit of a hit amongst small businesses. As well as being feature-rich, unlike many other Point of Sale (POS) systems on the market, Square does not charge monthly fees — no wonder small business owners love it!
From market stall owners to major corporations like Starbucks, businesses of all sizes and industries are using the mobile credit card processing application to simplify payments.
Square's POS works seamlessly with many popular apps to help streamline your business operations. To make the most out of the payment processor's many features, take a look at the best 14 Square apps available for your small business.
Check Out These Square Apps
Vend
Connect the Vend app to Square payments platform and help manage and grow your business in the cloud with inventory management, ecommerce and customer loyalty for advanced and multi-location retailers. Vend will help save your business time by streamlining inventory processes.
ShipStation
Save your business significant amounts of time shipping products by syncing your Square account with ShipStation. The app will create labels and connect you to the leading shipping carriers.
SumAll
Analyze your business's marketing efforts with greater depth and comprehension by combining your Square data with your social media analytics, online advertising and email campaigns with the help of the SumAll app.
Weebly
If your business has not yet got a website, it's time to market your products or services to a global audience by creating a stylish website. The Weebly app helps businesses produce a beautiful and easy-to-navigate online store. Sync the Weebly app with Square to grow your sales on one convenient platform.
Fresh KDS
Fresh KDS is a Square-compatible kitchen display system which can be used in place of or combined with kitchen ticket printers. By seamlessly integrating with an iPad Square Register, the Fresh KDS app allows you to display your orders in real time.
Intrakr Inventory
Intrakr Inventory is an online inventory management system, which is designed for small businesses. The systems can work hand-in-hand with Square, providing real-time notifications about products, namely when they are getting low and need to be stocked back up.
IFTT
By downloading If This, Then That (IFTTT) you will streamline everyday business tasks by connecting your Square account with other services, such as your email, Google Drive and Evernote.
Intuit QuickBooks Online
Harmonize Intuit QuickBooks Online with Square and have your accounting and bookkeeping needs taken care of. The app also enables you to track expenses and sales.
Wix Stores
The Wix Stores app allows you to build, manage and promote an eye-catching online store. You can choose a stunning template and customize the site, so it represents your unique business. Wix gives you all the tools you'll need to manage your ecommerce store and sell online. Sync Wix with Square and you can enjoy easy online payment processing.
Shopventory
Sync the Shopventory app with Square to benefit from advanced inventory management. Through intelligent sales reporting, you will be able to get a closer grip on the profit margins of your business, across a certain category, item or period of time.
Zoho Books
Benefit from streamlining business processes, automating workflows and generating quick and simple reports about sale performance by syncing Zoho Books to your Square account.
WooCommerce
WooCommerce is a free ecommerce plugin for WordPress that allows you to sell anything. The plugin integrates seamlessly with WordPress. By downloading the WooCommerce app onto your smartphone, you can keep your finger on the pulse of your online shop. By syncing Square with WooCommerce, you can take Square payments on your WooCommerce store. You can harmonize inventory changes for both online and offline sales.
Jobber
Sync the cloud-based Jobber app with Square for powerful scheduling, simple customer management and online invoicing. The Jobber app helps you to get paid faster – a desirable achievement of every small business.
Shopseen
Manage your product listings across all your channels with the Shopseen app. The app can be harmonized with Square Point of Sale and Square Online Store and even your social media platforms to centralize your marketing campaigns.
Of course, to enjoy all these business benefits, you'll need to download Square Point of Sale. The Square Point of Sale app allows your small business to accept payments whenever you are. Simply download the app for free onto a mobile POS on a smartphone or a tablet, and you'll turn your mobile device into a mobile payment processor. Once you've swiped a payment on the Point of Sale app, the funds will arrive in your account in no more than two business days.
Whether you're into snow sports or water sports, biking or hiking, or hunting or fishing, Chadd Cripe's blog is your source for all things fun to do outdoors in the Treasure Valley and beyond.
When the Obama Administration changed the guidelines for sentencing drug offenders for crack cocaine, it opened up a number of cases to be reduced, allowing some offenders to appeal their cases and be released early. Matthew Charles, a resident of Nashville, Tennessee had originally served 21 years of a 35-year sentence for selling crack cocaine to an undercover informant in 1996. They were later released, allowed to restart their life and become a model citizen.
Now they have to go back to prison after the US Attorney's office appealed the ruling, calling them a “career offender.”
“The whole thing pisses me off to be honest,” Charles' friend John Hairston told Nashville Public Radio. “But it underscores how big a need there is for some reform in the justice system. I don't care what they say.”
Since their release, Charles studied to get a GED and became a law clerk who helped other inmates understand their cases long after the public defender system had discarded them. Since their release they have held a job, volunteered in the community, build relationships with their family and girlfriend. Even while they were in prison, they never had a disciplinary infraction, not one. They even organized bible study courses and helped inmates who were illiterate with their own cases to help them from feeling embarrassed or ridiculed.
What a shame.
Get The Latest Music and Entertainment News On Your Phone
Federal Court Rules Black Man Must Return To Prison After Already Serving 21 Years was originally published on myhoustonmajic.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
From Paul T. Harkenrider
DELEVAN, N.Y. (February 15, 2017) — After already announcing the 2017 PST schedule a few weeks ago, Mike Emhof and their series staff will be adding another venue to the racing calendar.
For the first time since 2015, the A-Verdi Storage Containers Patriot Sprint Tour will be heading to Freedom Motorsports Park in Delevan, NY. This will also be the final full point show for the American Series points championship. The show will pay $2,000 to win.
Under the management of Bob Reis, the facility is going under wholesale changes in year 2017 with new clay being laid down this past November, as well as making the Modified's the headline division for 2017.
The last time the tour was in town, Doctor Steve Collins scored their first ever Patriot Sprint Tour win of their career over Jared Zimbardi, Justin Barger, Kyle Drum and Sammy Reakes.
This will be the sixth time in series history the Patriots will be visiting the facility with other winners include; Jared Zimbardi (2014), Bubba Broderick (2009), Chris Muhleisen (2006), and Kyle Drum (2003).
The first event on the 2017 calendar will the Gater Motorsports Expo at the New York State Fairgrounds in Syracuse, New York on Saturday, Match 11 and Sunday, March 12.
Any driver interested in displaying their car in the PST Booth can contact Mike Emhof at 585-307-6495 or by email at mikeemhof@patriotsprinttour.com.
The first racing weekend will take place at the Outlaw Speedway in Dundee, NY on Friday April 21, as the series is a part of the Outlaw Spring Nationals which pays $3,000 to win, 300 to start. Then the following night, the tour heads to Merrittville Speedway in Thorold, ONT to begin its Canadian campaign for the season. That show will reward $2,000 (USD) to the winner.
For more information on the entire 2017 PST schedule, be sure to log onto patriotsprinttour.com. You can ‘Like' Patriot Sprint Tour on facebook and you can follow @PatriotSprints on Instagram and Twitter.
TAMPA, Fla. — A Florida police officer has been shot and wounded while serving an arrest warrant at the home of a man facing charges for making violent threats to their family.
Tampa police announced on social media that Officer Richard Lehr was released from a hospital Monday afternoon.
Police say Lehr and Officer Leigh Smith were serving the warrant at an apartment complex early Monday morning when 35-year-old Walter Richard Jeziorski opened fire.
Tampa police Chief Brian Dugan pointed to “mental health issues,” adding that the shooting is an example of what “officers deal with every day.”
Jeziorski surrendered to police shortly after the shooting. They had several previous arrests on charges that include battery and domestic violence. It's not clear whether Jeziorski has a lawyer.
You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times
The UK has tied its hands
With a great number of still photographers also doing video projects on the side, having a bright and reliable monitor attachment as part of their gear setup has also become paramount. Keeping up with the challenging needs of these creatives, SmallHD has recently launched the 502 Bright Daylight Viewable 5″ Monitor, a more compact version of the larger 702 Bright Full HD Field Monitor. With 1920 x 1080 resolution, 1000 nits bright, and 441 pixels per inch, the 502 Bright promises to be a compact daylight viewable monitor that perfectly pairs with gimbal setups.
As with the rest of SmallHD monitors, the 502 Bright is made of durable milled aluminum frame and Gorilla Glass protective screen. This rugged build makes it suitable for filming all kinds of video projects and working in different shooting locations.
The 502 Bright is priced at $1299 and is now available at the SmallHD website and authorized dealers.
See the press release below:
New SmallHD 502 Bright Daylight Viewable 5” Monitor
SmallHD introduces the 502 Bright daylight viewable on-camera 5-inch monitor. The 1,000nit display incorporates the extensive feature set of the 500 Series monitors, while raising the bar on view-ability in direct sunlight.
The 502 Bright displays 100% of Rec. 709 color gamuts. The 1920×1080 resolution LCD screen provides full high-definition viewing. It utilizes SmallHD's latest software, version OS3, which provides false color and waveform tools. The unit also features is a new battery meter and the ability to adjust color computer-free with the SmallHD Color Probe.
For those who prefer to use waveform to compose an image, OS3 features spot metering to an already extremely customizable waveform. The spot meter indicates the exposure level of a particular area of an image without the psychedelic appearance false color can create. It is particularly useful for exposing faces.
Consistent with other SmallHD monitors, the unit is extremely rugged thanks to a milled aluminum frame and a Gorilla Glass protective screen. The 502 Bright has both HDMI and SDI inputs and outputs, with lightning fast cross conversion between the two video formats.
The new 502 Bright weighs just 9.4oz (267.5g), and is 6.4″W x 3.4″H x 1.1″D (16.2 x 8.6 x 2.8 cm). Deliveries begin in February 2018 with an MSRP of $1299.
The 502 Bright is available from SmallHD authorized dealers or SmallHD's website. For more information visit www.smallhd.com
Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Conor McGregor are inching closer to a final contract to fight. (FILE)
The Nevada State Athletic Commission has approved the Floyd Mayweather Jr. promotional date of August 26 at the MGM Grand hotel-casino.
According to FOX5 Sports Reporter Vince Sapienza, the proposed fight between Mayweather and Conor McGregor will also be aired on Showtime.
I can confirm the Nevada State Athletic Commission has approved @MayweatherPromo date of Aug. 26th @MGMGrand, will be aired by @Showtime — Vince Sapienza (@VinceSapienza) June 14, 2017
The mega-fight between the two superstars still hasn't been officially approved by the athletic commission, as documents from both are missing, but many in the boxing world say the fight is imminent.
Stay with FOX5 for updates on this story when more information becomes availale.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Alexa the Amazon product has been giving a lot of people trouble lately. A woman was making love to their boyfriend and it sent the audio out to all of their contacts. If you want to know what's being recorded you can check on your android device and mute Alexa.
Follow @TheRSMS
Headkrack believes their family is being investigated because their son asked Alexa how to make a bomb. Video game fans should get excited because the Nintendo NES system is coming back again and can be pre-ordered this time. Google Assistant will now be able to make appointments for you, but not sure how businesses will feel getting a call from a robot.
Listen to “The Rickey Smiley Morning Show” 6am ET.
RELATED: The Weird, Upscale Functions Of Alexa [EXCLUSIVE VIDEO]
RELATED: Amazon Announces They Will Now Deliver Packages To The Trunk Of Your Car
RELATED: Cardi B Shines In Amazon Super Bowl Commercial [VIDEO]
The Latest:
How To Find Out What Alexa Is Recording [EXCLUSIVE] was originally published on rickeysmileymorningshow.com
The Wildcats opened the tournament with a 52-15 whipping of William Blount earlier in the afternoon.
Central will bring a 40-6 record into Saturday's 111 a.m. consolation match between the winner of a 9 a.m. bout between Knoxville Halls and Oakland. The Wildcats would have to win four elimination matches to claim third place.
Reports: IS believed to be behind Istanbul nightclub attack
hello
Family members and friends mourn as they attend funeral prayers for Ayhan Akin, one of the nightclub victims, in Istanbul, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. An assailant believed to have been dressed in a Santa Claus costume and armed with a long-barrelled weapon, opened fire at a nightclub in Istanbul's Ortakoy district during New Year's celebrations, killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province's governor described as a terror attack. Associated Press
Family members of victims of an overnight attack at a nightclub, cry outside the Forensic Medical Center in Istanbul, Jan. 1, 2017. An assailant armed with a long-barrelled weapon, opened fire at a nightclub in Istanbul's Ortakoy district during New Year's celebrations, killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province's governor described as a terror attack. (Suleyman Kaya/DHA - Depo Photos via AP) Associated Press
Sisters of Elias Wardini, a Lebanese man who was killed in the overnight Istanbul attack, mourn at their house, In Beirut, Lebanon, Sunday Jan. 1, 2017. Charbel Wardini told The Associated Press on Sunday that their brother, Elias, was among those who died in the attack at the crowded nightclub during New Year's celebrations, that killed at least 39 people. Lebanon's state-run National News Agency said seven Lebanese were wounded in the attack. Associated Press
Turkey's Prime Minister Binali Yildirim, right, speaks with a man in hospital in Istanbul, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017, who was wounded during an attack on a nightclub. An assailant armed with a long-barrelled weapon, opened fire at a nightclub in Istanbul's Ortakoy district during New Year's celebrations, killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province's governor described as a terror attack. (Prime Minister's Press Service, Pool photo via AP) Associated Press
Family members of victims of an overnight attack at a nightclub, cry outside the Forensic Medical Center in Istanbul, Jan. 1, 2017. An assailant armed with a long-barrelled weapon, opened fire at a nightclub in Istanbul's Ortakoy district during New Year's celebrations, killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province's governor described as a terror attack. (Suleyman Kaya/DHA - Depo Photos via AP) Associated Press
This image taken from CCTV provided by Haberturk Newspaper Sunday Jan. 1, 2017 shows the attacker, armed with a long-barrelled weapon, shooting their way into the Reina nightclub in Istanbul, Turkey on Sunday morning. The assailant opened fire at the nightclub in Istanbul's Ortakoy district during New Year's celebrations, killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province's governor described as a terror attack. (CCTV/Haberturk Newspaper via AP) Associated Press
Flowers of the victims of the attack are placed outside a nightclub, which was attacked by a gunman overnight, in Istanbul, on New Year's Day, Sunday, Jan. 1, 2017. An assailant believed to have been dressed in a Santa Claus costume and armed with a long-barrelled weapon, opened fire at the nightclub in Istanbul's Ortakoy district during New Year's celebrations, killing dozens of people and wounding dozens of others in what the province's governor described as a terror attack. Associated Press
ISTANBUL -- Turkish media reports say that authorities believe that the Islamic State group is behind the attack on a popular Istanbul nightclub during New Year's celebrations.
Hurriyet and Karar newspaper reports Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
Police had also established similarities with the high-casualty attack at Ataturk Airport in June and was investigating whether the same IS cell carried out both attacks.
The gunman, who is still at large, killed a police officer and another man outside the Reina club in the early hours of 2017 before firing at people partying inside.
Nearly two-thirds of the dead were foreigners, many from the Middle East.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Tuesday is Tax Day, that dreaded day when millions of procrastinators rush to fulfill their civic duty by filing state and federal tax returns.
But for most, it's not that bad. Sure, the forms are complicated and yes, there is math. But tax season also generates about $300 billion in refunds, a significant boost to the U.S. economy.
Five things to know about Tax Day:
___
MOST GET REFUNDS
The IRS so far has processed 101 million tax returns from individuals and about 80 percent have qualified for refunds. The average refund is $2,851, an increase of $53 over last year.
By the end of filing season, the IRS expects to process 150 million returns. That's after millions file for automatic six-month extensions.
___
CHANCES OF GETTING AUDITED ARE SLIM
The number of people audited by the IRS in 2016 dropped for the sixth straight year, to just over 1 million. That's less than 1 percent of filers.
The last time so few people were audited was 2004. Since then, the U.S. has added about 30 million people.
The IRS blames budget cuts as money for the agency shrank from $12.2 billion in 2010 to $11.2 billion last year.
But rich people beware. The higher your income, the more likely you are to be audited. Agents audited 5.8 percent of returns that reported more than $1 million in income.
___
RETURNS DOWN, REFUNDS DELAYED
Tax season got off to a slow start because the IRS delayed refunds for more than 40 million low-income families as part of the agency's efforts to fight identity theft.
The delays affected families claiming the earned income tax credit and the additional child tax credit. The tax breaks are geared to benefit the working poor, and many families claim both.
The tax filing season started Jan. 23. But a new law required the IRS to delay tax refunds for people claiming these credits until Feb. 15.
The delay was designed to give the agency more time to screen the returns for fraud. Throughout the tax filing season, the number of tax returns processed by the IRS has been lower than last year.
As of April 7, the IRS had received 104 million tax returns and processed 101 million. Both numbers are down about 3.5 percent from last year.
___
PEOPLE ILLEGALLY IN US PAY TAXES
There is a common myth that people in the U.S. illegally don't pay taxes. But data from both the IRS and the Social Security Administration says otherwise.
Yes, some work in the underground economy. But in 2015, the Social Security Administration estimated that immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally paid $100 billion in Social Security payroll taxes over the previous decade. They paid the taxes even though few will ever be able to collect benefits.
How does Social Security know when it receives taxes from immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally? One way is by tracking reported wages in which the Social Security number does not match the name the agency has on file.
Some of these are clerical errors or unreported name changes. But the agency estimates that a majority of the wages come from immigrants who have made-up Social Security numbers or used someone else's.
Also, the IRS has issued more than 20 million Individual Taxpayer Identification Numbers (ITINs) to foreigners.
The ITINs are supposed to be used by foreigners who have some form of U.S. income, and therefore owe U.S. taxes. However, the tax agency believes that many of them are used by people who are working in the U.S. illegally.
___
TAX DAY ISN'T MUCH OF A DEADLINE IF YOU'RE DUE A REFUND
The IRS doesn't like to talk about it, but penalties for filing late federal tax returns apply only to people who owe money. The penalty is a percentage of what you owe. If you owe nothing, there is no penalty.
But it doesn't make much sense to file late if you are owed a refund. And beware — if you have unpaid taxes, the late fees add up quickly.
The failure-to-file penalty is generally 5 percent of your unpaid tax bill for every month, or part of a month, you are late. It kicks in on April 19. In general, the maximum penalty is 25 percent of your original tax bill.
There also is a penalty for failing to pay your tax bill, separate from the penalty for failing to file at all, but it's much smaller. That's because the IRS wants you to file a return even if you don't have enough money to pay your bill.
The failure-to-pay penalty is 0.5 percent of your unpaid taxes for every month, or part of a month, you don't pay.
___
Follow Stephen Ohlemacher on Twitter at: http://twitter.com/stephenatap
LARGO, Fla -
UPDATE | Carol Albers has been located and is safe.
Largo Police are searching for a missing dementia patient. Carol Albers,71, went missing from Barrington assisted living facility at 901 Seminole Boulevard.
 They are on foot and has no relatives in Florida.
Albers is described as a white female, 5 foot 1 inch tall, 150 pounds with gray hair and brown eyes.
They have hearing and learning disabilities and walks with a limp.
Police did not have a picture of Albers.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Largo Police at 727-587-6730.
Rajeev Khandelwal's Prank Goes Wrong
According to Tellychakkar report, "Rajeev played a video message from an anonymous man whose face was blurred. The man in the video said that they were extremely upset with Ragini for leaving him."
Ragini Storms Out Of The Show!
"Ragini was astonished and asked Rajeev to stop the video at once. But Rajeev continued to play it and announced that it was just a prank." The prank didn't go well with the actor and they walked out the sets saying what Rajeev did on national television was not justified!
Ragini Played A Counter-prank On Rajeev!
Although Rajeev tried to persuade them to return to the show, they refused to! To Rajeev and everyone's surprise, Ragini came back and also revealed that they were playing a counter-prank on Rajeev!
Did Ragini Get Work Because They Are Govinda's Bhanji?
In the same episode, Ragini rubbished the rumours that they got work because of their uncle Govinda. They were quoted as saying, "People very easily say that I am Govinda's bhanji and things would have been easy for me to get into the industry but that's not true."
The Actress Clarifies
"He has worked very hard to get where they are today and I have not even done half as much as they have. I have heard of the times when Govinda has even walked all the way from Virar to Juhu to give auditions. But to give you a perspective, Govinda has never pulled in favours for their own children."
‘I Have Worked A Lot To Achieve My Targets'
They further added, "If people feel I got work because of them then they really need to do some research on me. I have worked a lot to achieve my targets. So, despite being Govinda's niece, I had to struggle in the industry, just the way they did years ago."
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MANHATTAN (CNN) — An explosion struck the Port Authority bus terminal at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue near Times Square on Monday morning, injuring four people and causing chaos in one of the busiest commuter hubs in the city, authorities said.
A man is in custody, the New York Police Department said in a tweet, and they are among the four people suffering non-life-threatening injuries after the blast, according to the New York City Fire Department.
The A, C and E subway lines were evacuated, NYPD Sgt. Brendan Ryan said. The subway entrance on Eighth Avenue and the bus terminal are closed, the Port Authority said in a tweet, adding that there was still police activity in the area.
Aerial footage from the scene showed police cruisers, emergency vehicles and hundreds of police and fire personnel in the street outside the terminal.
“Could have been a lot worse,” a federal law enforcement source told CNN.
Preliminary information, according to two law enforcement sources, one local and one federal, indicates a pipe bomb may have unintentionally exploded.
A man wearing a homemade device attempted to detonate it, and it either malfunctioned or did not go off the way it was supposed to, according to one NYPD source.
Francisco Ramirez said they heard two explosions as they were exiting a bus about 7:45 a.m. ET. They heard both blasts distinctly even though they were wearing headphones.
“From what I saw it sounded like it came from the subway, but I'm just guessing,” they said. “It was two distinct explosions seconds from each other. As I was making my way toward the outside, I kept getting shoved by cops and there were cops at every entrance blocking and there was police and SWAT everywhere.
“It was scary. It was just a lot of chaos but I didn't see any injuries.”
Marlyn Yu Sherlock was at a retail store on the main floor of the terminal when people began flooding out of the subway entrance, “screaming, running in panic,” they said.
“The PA system was still blaring Christmas carols,” Sherlock said. “It took about four minutes before men in black cop uniforms started shooing people out of Port Authority. As I walked further away from the building, I kept asking the heavily armed cops what it was. They said ‘suspicious package.'”
Gov. Andrew Cuomo is on the scene and has been briefed by law enforcement, and Mayor Bill de Blasio is en route. In a tweet, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said President Donald Trump, too, had been briefed.
The incident comes a few weeks after a deadly terror attack in Lower Manhattan.
A man was charged with killing eight people and injuring a dozen others as they drove a pickup truck down a bicycle path near the World Trade Center on Halloween. They were arrested after the truck hit a school bus, stopping it in its tracks. They exited the vehicle and an officer shot him.
The suspect, Sayfullo Habibullaevic Saipov, was indicted last month on murder and terror-related charges, the US Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York said. Saipov pleaded not guilty to 22 federal counts.
It was the deadliest terror attack in New York City since the September 11, 2001 attack on the World Trade Center.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Romelu Lukaku celebrates the second of their two goals against West Ham United at Old Trafford on Sunday. Source: Andrew Yates
OVERREACTING to results and performances is part of being a football fan – and there is nothing quite like the overreaction to the opening weekend of Premier League games.
Having waited all summer for the action to resume, too much can be read into the first round of matches, with conclusions swiftly being drawn about how a team's entire season will pan out.
With 37 games to play, and two transfer deadlines still to come, plenty can – and will – change between now and May.
SEE ALSO: Premier League preview: Can Pep Guardiola or Jose Mourinho bring the title back to Manchester?
But let's allow ourselves to get carried away by what we saw at the weekend.
Let's completely and deliberately overreact to the first games of the season, as if they hold some greater long-term significance than merely being the first games of the season.
The glory days are back Manchester United
After four seasons of relative poverty, in which United won five trophies but only once finished in the top four, Jose Mourinho has restored the glory days to Old Trafford.
And, ever the miracle worker, they only had to spend around US$407 million (£314 million) in transfer fees to do it.
Sunday's swaggering 4-0 win over West Ham United, in which Romelu Lukaku scored twice, underlined just how Mourinho has got United back to their best.
With title number 21 now within touching distance, it is merely a question of how Europe's elite will be able to stop resurgent United this season.
1 down 37 to go… pic.twitter.com/PZSnOaWTFX — Premier League (@premierleague) August 14, 2017
Liverpool need a new defence – or they will miss out on the top four
While Liverpool continues to resist Barcelona's overtures for Philippe Coutinho, their problems remain at the other end of the field, where they conceded three goals against Watford.
Liverpool's potent front three of Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah all scored in a 3-3 draw at Vicarage Road, but the Reds defended corners as if they had first been introduced to the concept during the warm-up.
If they end up selling Coutinho, rather than seeking a like-for-like replacement who probably doesn't exist anyway, they should buy a new defence, or they will not return to the Champions League next season.
Huddersfield Town are the new Stoke City/Swansea City/Bournemouth
David Wagner's team have made a seamless transition to life in the Premier League, thrashing Crystal Palace 3-0 despite Selhurst Park being, to use football parlance, “a difficult place to go”.
The unglamorous promoted side demonstrated in 90 minutes at the weekend that they are ready to emulate the achievements of Stoke, Swansea and Bournemouth before them.
That means they will not only survive in the top division for multiple seasons, but carve out their own niche, despite being written off in pre-season.
SEE ALSO: Football: Ranking the 25 greatest players to have graced the Premier League
The champions are in crisis
Antonio Conte inherited a struggling Chelsea team and turned them into champions, and has now turned the champions into strugglers again.
The way in which Chelsea fell 3-0 down at home against Burnley was calamitous, and even the two goals they pulled back could not mask their glaring deficiencies.
Starting 20-year-old Ivorian Jeremie Boga over US$78 million summer recruit Alvaro Morata was a peculiar move, but we didn't even really get to assess Boga, as they were hauled off on 18 minutes following Gary Cahill's red card.
At least four of Chelsea's substitutes are not even household names in their own households, and the club's lack of depth is startling.
Arsenal can't defend – but that doesn't matter
Wenger in. Wenger out. Wenger out (with additional fury). Wenger in. Wenger out (with even greater fury). Wenger in. Yes, definitely Wenger in.
And so it went. And so it goes on.
Until Arsene Wenger delivers a fourth Premier League or maiden European title, every Arsenal game will provoke the same tired debate about the manager.
For now, though, Arsenal are off and running – and with Alexandre Lacazette hitting the ground running, with a goal within two minutes of their Premier League debut in the 4-3 win over Leicester City, their defensive frailties are largely inconsequential.
Wayne Rooney's Everton homecoming is a glorious triumph
Everton's decision to bring Evertonian Rooney back to Goodison Park was vindicated as an enormous triumph as their 45th-minute goal was enough to beat Stoke.
The former Manchester United forward timed their run into the box to perfection, before heading past Jack Butland to prove Everton's reasons for re-signing the 31-year-old were not merely sentimental.
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Susan Kare, who designed the icons and some of the fonts for the original Macintosh, has been awarded the prestigious AIGA medal. Previous recipients include design legends like Paul Rand, who Kare brought in to NeXT to develop the company's distinctive logo.
To celebrate Kare's achievements, the New Yorker has published a profile of Kare, who has designed icons for Microsoft, Facebook, and Pinterest, where they are now a creative director. I designs also appear on the cards for the iconic Windows Solitaire game of the 1990s.
While all Mac users have seen Kare's work — they were responsible for the Command symbol in Mac menus and on Apple keyboards — you can also see a few select pieces in the collections of the Museum of Modern Art in New York and SFMOMA in San Francisco.
Read original article
Some top Facebook executives have donated money to lawmakers serving on the two intelligence committees that are investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election.
In February of this year, according to federal election filings, chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg gave $2,700 to Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich. In May, they donated $2,700 to Democratic Sen. Mark Warner, the ranking member of the intel committee.
In April of this year, Elliot Schrage, the vice president of communications and public policy, donated $1,000 to Heinrich and $2,700 to Warner.
And in March of this year, chief security officer Alex Stamos donated $2,700 to both Reps. Will Hurd and Eric Swalwell, who are a Republican and Democrat respectively and serve on the House intel committee. They also donated $2,500 to Heinrich in February.
The donations aren't particularly big and are somewhat isolated — there are 41 total lawmakers serving on the committees combined. All three executives have given politically prior to this year and this isn't the first time that the executives have given to some of these lawmakers. (Sandberg last donated $2,600 to Warner in 2014 and Schrage contributed $1,000 to their campaign in both 2014 and 2016. Stamos donated $2,700 to Swalwell in 2015 and $2,700 in 2016.)
But Facebook and other tech giants like Google and Twitter are also dealing with increased scrutiny over the platforms handled political advertising and misinformation during the 2016 campaign.
A spokesperson for Facebook referred BuzzFeed News to the company's political engagement report which says, “Facebook employees may participate in personal political activities, on their own time and with their own funds. Employees must keep such activity separate from work and never represent that such activities are being conducted on behalf of Facebook.”
A spokesperson for Rep. Swalwell said that they knew Stamos before they began working for Facebook and noted that he's contributed to Swalwell in the past. Offices for other senators and representatives did not respond immediately for comment.
Just this week, Facebook turned over a cache of ads purchased by a Russian troll farm to congressional investigators. Schrage authored the company's public statement on those ads, and Stamos is heading up the internal investigation into the matter. Both Facebook and Twitter have said they will testify at an upcoming open Senate intelligence committee hearing, though neither CEO Mark Zuckerberg nor Sandberg are expected to participate. Stamos is a likely alternative, according to a report from CNBC.
Sandberg in particular has a long track record of donating to Democrats and publicly supporting candidates like Hillary Clinton. In this cycle, for instance, they have given to four other Democratic candidates who do not serve on intelligence committees (primarily Sen. Claire McCaskill, who faces a difficult re-election bid in 2018). They also wrote a $25,000 check to Women Vote!, a project of EMILY's List, which supports pro-choice Democratic candidates.
Schrage has also given to Democrats in the past, and the DSCC and the DCCC in 2017, as has Stamos, which was noted by the Free Beacon earlier this week.
Warner is not up for re-election until 2020. In a press conference Wednesday, they called for stronger regulations for political ads appearing on social media sites and has joined Sen. Amy Klobuchar sponsoring a bill to disclose more information about political advertisements and their sponsors.
“I was concerned at first that some of these social media platform companies did not take this seriously enough,” Warner told reporters at the press conference. “I believe they are recognizing that threat now.”
Kyle Long dismissed from Bears practice for fighting
hello
Chicago Bears offensive guard Kyle Long was kicked out of practice on Monday after getting involved in two fights. Associated Press/2016file
BOURBONNAIS -- Monday's final training camp practice was shortened by about half, down to just over an hour, but it was even shorter for Pro Bowl guard Kyle Long.
An agitated Long was banished from the premises after scuffling with and throwing a punch at fellow offensive lineman Hroniss Grasu, who was also a teammate at Oregon.
"There's a certain standard we have, and it's something we weren't very pleased with," Fox said. "I haven't had a chance to visit with (Long) yet, but it's something that we'll handle internally.
"I didn't really see everything. I just know that there was a disturbance, and we don't need that. That's why they left the field."
Long has expressed frustration with the slower-than-he'd-prefer pace of their rehabilitation from off-season ankle surgery. They have been at most practices and does individual work and some 7-on-7, but they have not participated in full-speed, 11-on-11 team work during training camp.
Fox was asked if Long's truculence could be a reaction to their frustration over the injury.
"I really can't answer that," Fox said. "Obviously there was some frustration, (but) again that's not how we operate."
Over the nearly three weeks of camp there were just a couple minor scuffles, and the absence of fighting was noteworthy.
"It's something that was addressed (prior to camp)," Fox said. "I think we handled it very well up until today."
Veteran linebacker Jerrell Freeman downplayed the incident.
"I have a brother," Freeman said. "Things happen."
Staying healthy:
Rookie quarterback Mitch Trubisky was pressured several times in the preseason opener, but they were never sacked, and they scrambled three times for 38 yards.
"Who wants to get tackled?" Trubisky said. "Who wants to get sacked? Not me. No negative plays, right? So, yeah, I'm going to take off. I think my linemen appreciate that too. They don't want the QB to hold the ball back there too long.
"I'm going through my progressions, (and) if it's not there, I'm going to pick a seam and get down and take care of myself as well. I think that's important; just create positive plays. Then the defense has to account for that as well. Hopefully that will open some things up too."
After their 103.1 passer rating in the preseason opener, Trubisky said the game was just an extension of practice.
"It's kind of all practice to me, honestly, if it doesn't count (like the regular season)," said Trubisky. "Whenever I'm playing, whenever I'm competing, I'm treating everything like it's a game, whether it's a practice or preseason.
"Reps are reps, just going out there and trying to do my best every time and enjoy it while I'm doing it."
Circus catches:
Special teams sessions generally don't get much interest during training camp practices, except when the punt returners battle to see who can field a kick while holding the most footballs.
After catching the first punt, returners continue as long as they can hold on to the balls they've already caught.
"It's a friendly competition, but it's really helpful," rookie safety Eddie Jackson said. "It helps your hand-eye coordination."
Last week Jackson caught four punts before dropping the fifth.
• Follow Bob's Bears reports on Twitter @BobLeGere.
By JIMMY GOLEN
BOSTON (AP) — Kenya's Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, pulling away from American Galen Rupp with about two miles to go to win in an unofficial time of 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds.
Rupp, 30, a three-time Olympian making their Boston debut, was 21 seconds behind and Japan's Suguru Osako was another 30 seconds back. Americans had six of the top 10 finishers in the men's race and two of the top four women.
Kenyan police officer Edna Kiplagat, 37, won the women's race in 2:21:52, needing only one try in Boston to add it to wins in London, New York and Los Angeles. They pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds.
“When I was running, my body was feeling good,” said Kiplagat, who was greeted at the finish line by two of their children. “I tried to push more, hard and I saw my (rivals) were not picking up the pace.”
American Jordan Hasay, 25, making their debut at the distance, was third, and Desi Linden, 33, was fourth — the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four. Both women were California high school standouts, Hasay in San Luis Obispo and Linden (then Desiree Davila) in the San Diego suburb of Chula Vista.
Last year's women's winner, Atsede Baysa, was taken in a wheelchair for medical attention after finishing in 2:40:07.
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in slowed the runners but the strong tailwind was a boost — especially for the wheelchair races. Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time, outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds. Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women's mark by more than five minutes, winning in 1:28:17.
The winners' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
“The wind is so important,” Hug said. “The roads were good. Everything was fantastic today.”
Earlier Monday, city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 Boston Marathon.
City officials and the families of five people who died in the bombing or its aftermath say there's also a plan to build a separate, larger memorial to victims, survivors and responders.
Pablo Eduardo is a Massachusetts resident and internationally known sculptor. He'll create the memorial markers on Boylston Street where bombs killed three spectators and wounded more than 260 others.
Eduardo said Monday their goal is to “embody the spirit of those we lost and the spirit of the city they loved.”
Men
1. Geoffrey Kirui, Kenya, 2:09:37
2. Galen Rupp, United States, 2:09:58
3. Suguru Osako, Japan, 2:10:28
4. Shadrack Biwott, United States, 2:12:08
5. Wilson Chebet, Kenya, 2:12:35
6. Abdi Abdirahman, United States, 2:12:45
7. Augustus Maiyo, United States, 2:13:16
8. Dino Sefir, Ethiopia, 2:14:26
9. Luke Puskedra, United States, 2:14:45
10. Jared Ward, United States, 2:15:28
Women
1. Edna Kiplagat, Kenya, 2:21:52
2. Rose Chelimo, Bahrain, 2:22:51
3. Jordan Hasay, United States, 2:23:00
4. Desiree Linden, United States, 2:25:06
5. Gladys Cherono, Kenya, 2:27:20
6. Valentine Kipketer, Kenya, 2:29:35
7. Buzunesh Deba, Ethiopia, 2:30:58
8. Brigid Kosgei, Kenya, 2:31:48
9. Diane Nukuri, Burundi, 2:32:24
10. Ruti Aga, Ethiopia, 2:33:26
Morning Commute Slows Up Over Snow, Winds ComingMetro Transit reported that, as of 8 a.m., about 41 percent of its buses were delayed. The average delay was about 7 minutes.
Overnight Snow Could Impact Monday Morning CommuteAn early heads up to Twin Cities motorists: Your Monday morning commute could be a bit of a mess.
Despite Cold Streak, DNR Says Stay Off The IceIce dusted in snow makes for a beautiful backdrop in Excelsior bay of Lake Minnetonka, but it does not mean it's safe to walk on.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - The city of Louisville has been chosen to participate in a test that could lead to more crimes being solved using ShotSpotter technology.
The gr ant proposal would be tested in a six month time period. Louisville was chosen as a Championship City winner in the "2018 U.S. Mayor's Challenge" competition, and its grant proposal would be tested over a six-month time period.
This week, the Louisville innovators behind it are attending Bloomberg Philanthropies camp in New York to find out more. The Bloomberg contest provides up to $100,000 for the testing. More than 300 cities applied, but only 35 were chosen. Louisville and Hartford, Conn., are the two cities that will test ShotSpotter technology innovations.
Louisville's proposal looks like this: After the ShotSpotters notify police of gunshots, drones with cameras would be dispatched to those areas within 90 seconds to be able to help investigators with evidence like cars or people fleeing crime scenes. Currently, Louisville's entrepreneurs do not have permission to fly the drones within Louisville airspace, but they are working on getting that approval in a separate FAA gr ant process.
"The special program the FAA just released would give us permission to fly drones at night, over people, beyond visual line of sight using very special waivers that they have never gr anted before," Louisville Chief of Civic Innovation and Technology Grace Simrall said.
Simrall added their team won't know until at least early May if they'll be gr anted that approval. If they get it, they could fly in June or July. If they don't, they would fly drones in a testing phase and simulate receiving the coordinates, outside of Louisville, possibly at regional airports.
The drones they're looking at would be able to operate beyond visual line of sight, so they would know how to fly to the coordinates at the right elevation. Real-time crime center analysts will be the operators.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
FAIRBORN — A walk-up memorial aimed at honoring all Fairborn veterans is closer to being a reality after the Fairborn Military Veterans Committee, who is spearheading the effort, collected $35,000 Jan. 24 to go toward the cause.
In the center of the memorial will be a 12-foot-tall five-sided obelisk with each side honoring each branch of the military and a golden eagle on top. Pavers and benches to continue honoring local veterans will surround it. Flags, lighting and wall cut-outs will be toward the outside of the memorial. Each of the walls will highlight different topics, such as the history of Fairborn and military animals.
The memorial will be located in front of Fairborn Senior Housing, 221 N. Central Ave.
“We thought the location was great because it's on Central Avenue … the Fourth of July parade goes right by there, it's right around the corner from the Fairborn Police Department on a major thoroughfare so it won't get vandalized,” Committee Co-Chair Dan Kirkpatrick said. “That's why we have selected this location.”
The idea first surfaced in early 2016 when a group of local veterans decided that Fairborn needed a military memorial that allows individuals to walk up, reflect and spend time there to pay their respects for members of the service. Kirkpatrick highlighted that Fairborn already has a military memorial, but it is limited when it comes to allowing individuals to spend time there reflecting.
“It was put up 35 years ago … but the only problem with it is that it's in the middle of the street. You can't walk up to it and sit there because you'll get run over,” Kirkpatrick said. “The only time you can go up to it is when the street is blocked off, so the veterans got together and said ‘we want something more substantial in Fairborn to recognize the fact that Fairborn is a military town … The idea was ‘let's do more for our veterans to recognize them.'”
The Fairborn Military Veterans Committee is collecting photos to be scanned onto the memorial. If individuals are interested in submitting a photo, they should be printed with the name and short biography of the veteran as well as a mailing address so that photos can be returned. Photos should be mailed to Kirkpatrick at 1520 Meadowlands Dr.
Individuals can also purchase a brick to be etched and included in the memorial. Ranging in size from four inches-by-eight inches for $100; eight inches-by-eight inches for $300; eight inches-by-16 inches for $700; and 16 inches-by-16 inches for $1,500. Cash donations are also being accepted for the cause.
Donating $500-$999 qualifies donors to be on the bronze level; $1,000-$4,999 qualifies for the silver level; $5,000-$9,999 qualifies for the gold level; $10,000-$24,999 qualifies for the platinum level and $25,000 or more qualifies for the diamond level. A granite bench is also available for $10,000. Major donors will have their names etched on one of the outside walls of the memorial.
Donations are tax deductible and can be mailed to the Fairborn Area Chamber of Commerce, 12 North Central Ave. Checks should be made out to the Greene County Community Foundation with Fairborn Military Veterans Memorial in the memo field.
Visit fairbornvetsmemorial.com for more information.
Whitney Vickers | Greene County News The Fairborn Military Veterans Committee hosted a meeting Jan. 24 to accept donations and explain details of the project. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/02/web1_milmem2.jpg Whitney Vickers | Greene County News The Fairborn Military Veterans Committee hosted a meeting Jan. 24 to accept donations and explain details of the project. It received a total of $35,000 in donations during the meeting. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/02/web1_milmem4.jpg It received a total of $35,000 in donations during the meeting. It received a total of $35,000 in donations during the meeting. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/02/web1_milmem3.jpg It received a total of $35,000 in donations during the meeting. Photos will be accepted to be lasered onto the memorial. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/02/web1_milmem1.jpg Photos will be accepted to be lasered onto the memorial.
By Whitney Vickers wvickers@aimmediamidwest.com
Contact Whitney Vickers at 937-502-4532.
Contact Whitney Vickers at 937-502-4532.
Nebraska is anchoring it's status as the nation's top state for beef exports. The World Herald reports Greater Omaha Packing is set this morning to load a test run of beef for shipment to a customer in China.
It was only Monday that U.S. officials announced China was ready to import American beef. Nebraska already has an 18% share of total U.S. beef exports, more than $1 billion worth.
By Lauren Kelly, Editor-in-Chief
Following the horrific attack on London Bridge June 3, Theresa May has declared that this is proof that the internet should be further regulated. To be fair, one of the three attackers, Khuram Butt, was radicalized by a YouTube channel operated by an American Islamist named Ahmad Musa Jibril, who preached distrust towards the west. YouTube is, unfortunately, an easy way for extremists to disseminate information to others. The internet in general has proven to be an effective way (unsurprisingly) of spreading information.
It's frightening and sad that May's initial reaction to this attack was to immediately push their political agenda. To find so much opportunity in such tragedy and then capitalize on it is shrewd, especially days before the general election. This has already happened in the recent past; the UK's Investigatory Powers Act, casually referred to as the Snooper's Charter, has the purpose of helping fight crime and terrorism. It also deprives UK citizens of their privacy. All of their emails, texts, calls, and browser history is available for the authorities to access without a warrant, and the information must be retained by their ISPs and other providers for a year. They were very successful at pushing it, as the prevailing rhetoric on the right was that those who did not support the Act did support terrorism.
Taking advantage of people's fear is an easy method for politicians to achieve more control over their civilians. What is more important, though, is freedom. It is scary to live in a world where these attacks happen so frequently, and it must be incredibly more so for those in England. However, the solution isn't to tighten security and restrictions on civilians to the point of them having no privacy.
In many cases of terrorist activity, including this one, the authorities have already been warned and are aware of the attackers, often through warnings from their friends and community members. Butt was currently under investigation when the attack took place, and had previously taken part in a documentary about jihadists. They did not try to hide himself, and in many cases, perpetrators of terror attacks are vocal about their beliefs. We do not need to take away more privacy to stop these attacks.
Still, what should the authorities do when a person is reported for extremism? Can they be arrested and held for having beliefs? For preaching aggression and hate? In the US, hate speech is legal, but Canada and the UK do not make the same exception. So how do we handle this? There needs to be a way for authorities in any country to handle this information, because as it is, what they are doing now clearly isn't working consistently enough. Until then, the important thing is to get to the root of the problem.
Those in IS and other terrorist organizations want to cause a rift between Muslims and non-Muslims, and we are letting them. Fear is a powerful motivator. We cannot fall prey to their plans. We need to unite. We need to celebrate our freedoms, and stand in the face of those who seek to scare and hurt us. This past weekend, Ariana Grande showed remarkable resilience and strength after the bomb at their Manchester concert. After taking a few days to collect and take care of herself, they organized a massive benefit concert in Manchester alongside other stars. Even after the London Bridge attack took place, all of the musicians and attendees strongly stood together in solidarity.
We can't lose our freedoms because of terrorists. We should be free to enjoy life, celebrate, and yes, even use the internet without someone tracking everything we do. We should be free to not have every aspect of our lives dictated by fear and by politics. May's manoeuvring has been rightfully called out by many, and hopefully it will prove to lower their ratings, not raise them. The UK deserves better than this. We all do.
Following the horrific attack on London Bridge June 3, Theresa May has declared that this is proof that the internet should be further regulated. To be fair, one of the three attackers, Khuram Butt, was radicalized by a YouTube channel operated by an American Islamist named Ahmad Musa Jibril, who preached distrust towards the west. YouTube is, unfortunately, an easy way for extremists to disseminate information to others. The internet in general has proven to be an effective way (unsurprisingly) of spreading information.
It's frightening and sad that May's initial reaction to this attack was to immediately push their political agenda. To find so much opportunity in such tragedy and then capitalize on it is shrewd, especially days before the general election. This has already happened in the recent past; the UK's Investigatory Powers Act, casually referred to as the Snooper's Charter, has the purpose of helping fight crime and terrorism. It also deprives UK citizens of their privacy. All of their emails, texts, calls, and browser history is available for the authorities to access without a warrant, and the information must be retained by their ISPs and other providers for a year. They were very successful at pushing it, as the prevailing rhetoric on the right was that those who did not support the Act did support terrorism.
Taking advantage of people's fear is an easy method for politicians to achieve more control over their civilians. What is more important, though, is freedom. It is scary to live in a world where these attacks happen so frequently, and it must be incredibly more so for those in England. However, the solution isn't to tighten security and restrictions on civilians to the point of them having no privacy.
In many cases of terrorist activity, including this one, the authorities have already been warned and are aware of the attackers, often through warnings from their friends and community members. Butt was currently under investigation when the attack took place, and had previously taken part in a documentary about jihadists. They did not try to hide himself, and in many cases, perpetrators of terror attacks are vocal about their beliefs. We do not need to take away more privacy to stop these attacks.
Still, what should the authorities do when a person is reported for extremism? Can they be arrested and held for having beliefs? For preaching aggression and hate? In the US, hate speech is legal, but Canada and the UK do not make the same exception. So how do we handle this? There needs to be a way for authorities in any country to handle this information, because as it is, what they are doing now clearly isn't working consistently enough. Until then, the important thing is to get to the root of the problem.
Those in IS and other terrorist organizations want to cause a rift between Muslims and non-Muslims, and we are letting them. Fear is a powerful motivator. We cannot fall prey to their plans. We need to unite. We need to celebrate our freedoms, and stand in the face of those who seek to scare and hurt us. This past weekend, Ariana Grande showed remarkable resilience and strength after the bomb at their Manchester concert. After taking a few days to collect and take care of herself, they organized a massive benefit concert in Manchester alongside other stars. Even after the London Bridge attack took place, all of the musicians and attendees strongly stood together in solidarity.
We can't lose our freedoms because of terrorists. We should be free to enjoy life, celebrate, and yes, even use the internet without someone tracking everything we do. We should be free to not have every aspect of our lives dictated by fear and by politics. May's manoeuvring has been rightfully called out by many, and hopefully it will prove to lower their ratings, not raise them. The UK deserves better than this. We all do.
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
2:37 Witness to Mike Wallace beating testifies in court
2:07 Dale Earnhardt Jr. can't wait to go racing
0:52 I-77 toll lane construction ramps up near uptown
young adults New York University Mental health narratives matter for marginalized young people Posted by Robert Polner-NYU
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Research demonstrates the value of eliciting the patient's perception of a physical condition, also known as the “illness narrative,” as a valuable tool for improving health management.
If you've ever suffered a chronic illness, or loved someone who has, you probably wondered what caused it. And the way you thought about the origins of the problem—based on past experiences and choices made—probably differed from the way your physician approached it, with laser focus on the presenting symptoms.
Over the past decade, Michelle Munson, associate professor at New York University's Silver School of Social Work, has been examining the narratives of young adults with mental health challenges. They and their colleagues, principally Sarah Narendorf of the University of Houston, have found that improving mental health for young people will require serious respect and consideration for how each individual makes sense of their condition and its origins.
“The point is: how these young people are thinking, and feeling, about the condition matters.”
Questions to ask a young adult include: What do you think caused your condition? How do you think it is best managed? Do you think professional treatment can help? What do you perceive would be the consequences of not getting help? “The individual's interpretation of their mental health is something that patients and practitioners need to uncover—together—as part of a therapeutic relationship,” explains Munson. “This is critical to keeping young adults invested in their own healing.”
These empirical studies focus on marginalized young adults: defined by the Institute of Medicine as navigating added challenges in their transition to adulthood, including poverty, reliance on safety-net systems of care, disabilities, and young parenthood.
As the data suggest, how young adults make sense of their symptoms, how they feel about them, and their perceptions of help sources all strongly influence their engagement (or lack thereof) with treatment, and how well they will continue to take care of themselves.
For now, Munson and Narendorf, along with their colleagues, have proposed in a newly published article in the American Journal of Orthopsychiatry, and another forthcoming in the Journal of the Society for Social Work and Research, that there can be a transformation in mental health if we can train providers to closely consider these narratives.
Here they explain their ongoing research:
LONDON — British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury, where a Russian former spy and their daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago.
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England, after the pair, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening.
“They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. They are both in a critical condition,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement.
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs, but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance.
British tabloid newspaper The Sun reported that the two were poisoned and that samples were sent to Porton Down, the nearby government laboratory, for testing.
The Sun reported that security chiefs fear that they could have been poisoned with same batch of Soviet-developed nerve agent used on Sergei Skripal, 66, and their daughter Yulia, 33, who were found unresponsive on a bench about 10 miles away in Salisbury on March 4.
More: Former Russian spy Sergei Skripal discharged from hospital after poisoning
Related: Yulia Skripal says nerve agent recovery slow and painful
London's Metropolitan Police Service said that counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation, “given the recent events in Salisbury."
The places the Amesbury pair — whose identities weren't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased. The Sun reported that they are not known to have any links to Russia or security services.
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public, but this “will be continually assessed as further information becomes known.”
More: Who is Sergei Skripal? Russian spy found unconscious in English park sparks intrigue
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia. The Kremlin denies any responsibility. Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain. They were released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury.
That poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides.
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and their father was discharged from the same hospital in May. Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
WASHINGTON — The White House forcefully pushed back on Monday night against a fresh round of insults from Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas hurled at a senior member of the Trump administration, after remaining quiet for months through their attacks following their decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Since that December policy move, Abbas and their aides have repeatedly attacked President Donald Trump and their senior staff. Administration officials have declined to engage. But Abbas' decision on Monday to target the US ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, as a "son of a dog" and a vestige of the settler movement, was seen in the West Wing as too extreme to ignore.
"The time has come for President Abbas to choose between hateful rhetoric and concrete and practical efforts to improve the quality of life of their people and lead them to peace and prosperity," said Jason Greenblatt, the president's special representative for international negotiations. "Notwithstanding their highly inappropriate insults against members of the Trump administration, the latest iteration being their insult of my good friend and colleague Ambassador Friedman, we are committed to the Palestinian people and to the changes that must be implemented for peaceful coexistence.""We are finalizing our plan for peace," they added, "and we will advance it when circumstances are right."Heather Nauert, spokesperson and acting undersecretary for public diplomacy, called Abbas' comments "outrageous and unhelpful.""We urge the Palestinian Authority to focus its efforts on improving the lives of the Palestinian people and advancing the cause of peace," Nauert said. "The administration remains fully committed to those goals."Over the last three months, Abbas has said that Trump's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and move the US embassy there from Tel Aviv as the "slap of the century" – a move that, in Abbas' view, disqualifies them from any role in future peace talks between the PA and Israel. Their aides have dismissed Greenblatt as a "Zionist," told US ambassador Nikki Haley to "shut up," and have repeatedly criticized Friedman over their sympathy for the settler movement.In that time, Trump administration officials have accepted the rhetoric as an understandable venting of anger in light of the Jerusalem moves. But Greenblatt's new remarks suggest they have reached their limit of tolerance, as they put final touches on the president's peace plan.The plan "won't be loved by either side, and it won't be hated by either side," Haley told a Chicago university last month.The administration has declined to say when details of the plan will be published.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Croydon widow has told of their devastation after their husband died from a rare form of cancer.
Justine Chambers, of Tedder Road, Selsdon, has paid a beautiful tribute to their partner, Mark, and has been left struggling to comprehend how they will cope without him.
Justine, 37, said: “Mark was a generous man, with a good heart. They always put others in front of himself.
“He was still young when they died but I am very happy with the huge legacy they have left. There are children and adults crying over their death, imagine what it would have been like if they had lived for another 20 years.”
Mark, 44, died last Tuesday (December 5) with their wife beside him.
Justine said: “He was really peaceful when they died. Believe it or not, they had a smile on theirs face.
“His main worry was how I was going to cope after they had gone. I don't want them to worry. I want them to rest in peace and I'll be fine.”
Having battled cancer on and off since 2014, things took a turn for the worse in April of last year.
(Image: Samantha Hilary)
The disease that had been restricted to their kidney spread throughout their lymph system and bones, a rare occurrence known as metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
With doctors in Britain having given the couple the devastating news that there was no more they could do, Justine made a desperate appeal for help to raise £50,000 for alternative treatment in America.
But just a fortnight after Justine made their appeal, in the Croydon Advertiser, their husband died.
They had been admitted to hospital with fluid on their lungs and was struggling to breathe.
In their appeal Justine had said: “I have no family in this country, we don't have any children. Mark is all I have. I need him, I really need help to have my husband for longer.”
(Image: Samantha Hilary)
Justine says they are “taking it moment by moment” since Mark's death.
Mark's doctor wrote to the British High Commission in Ghana a couple of days before they died asking if a visa could be arranged for Justine's younger sister to come to Britain to be with them
The application has been submitted and Justine is “really praying that it all goes through”.
With no other way of paying for the funeral, they are now having to get in touch with all the people who made donations to the GoFundMe page, which totalled £6,505, to ask them if they mind if they use their money to help pay for their burial or want a refund.
Due to being diagnosed with a blood cell disorder at a young age, Mark was not able to get life insurance.
Talking about the kind people who made donations towards their alternative treatment, they said: “These are people that gave, even though they didn't have to, a little or a lot, no matter how much they had and Mark was very grateful for this. I will now ask their permission to use this money for their burial.
(Image: Samantha Hilary)
“Mark was my champion, they were my hero. I know he's got no more pain no and that's what comforts my heart.
“I know it will take a lot of adjustments in my life to move on but I know I have to do it because that's what Mark would have wanted.”
Justine told how Mark looked out for a 16-year-old boy who was being brought up by a single mum and had their own medical problems.
They said: “This boy named Jared, who Mark met at church, was having a bad time and Mark would stay awake late at night talking to them on the phone. Jared adopted Mark as a godfather.
“He helped Jared through a lot. They were an inspiration, an adopted godfather and a brother to him.
“He had a lot of time for the boys at the church and always encouraged them to study hard.”
They added: “Jared has never been outgoing but he's a lot more withdrawn since Mark died.”
Justine added that Mark's nephew who is currently studying in Nottingham was not able to leave their bed for two days as they were so devastated by news of their death.
(Image: Samantha Hilary)
Mark and Justine met in 2005 in Ghana when they visited their sister and their husband in the west African country.
They worked in tourism at the time and Mark's brother-in-law asked Justine to show Mark some tourist spots.
After visiting some botanical gardens and a couple of other attractions they exchanged email addresses.
When Mark went back to England they had a long distance relationship until they married in 2007 in Ghana.
They then lived in Ghana until 2009 before they came back to live in Croydon.
As they struggle to come to terms with their husband's death, Justine says they are being offered some comfort by how well loved they are.
They said: “The amount of people who have got in touch with me since their death is a testament to how many people they touched and the legacy they left.
“Even through everything they went through they never complained about the pain.”
Professional golfers are just like the rest of us when it comes to Valentine's Day. They like to show their love for their significant others on social media for all the world to see.
Here are some of the best posts we saw on this special day:
A post shared by Jordan Spieth (@jordanspieth) on Feb 14, 2017 at 3:40pm PST
My Valentine since we first met at Ohio State in 1957. Sixty years and going on forever. A post shared by Jack Nicklaus (@jacknicklaus) on Feb 14, 2017 at 11:57am PST
Happy Valentines to my @dianedonald #golftanlinesrule A post shared by lukedonald (@lukedonald) on Feb 14, 2017 at 1:24pm PST
Happy Valentine's Day to my man @jimmywalkerpga. Can't wait to spend the rest of the week with you in LA! See you tomorrow. A post shared by Erin Walker (@tourwifetravels) on Feb 14, 2017 at 6:17am PST
Happy love day to my forever Valentine @keeganbradley1:@jessicalorren A post shared by Jillian Bradley (@jillian_bradley) on Feb 14, 2017 at 3:48pm PST
Happy Valentine's Day to my hubby I love you what an amazing vday gift #andreabocelli A post shared by Paula Creamer Heath (@paulacreamer1) on Feb 14, 2017 at 9:00am PST
Happy Valentine's Day! This is one of my favorite pictures with my Valentine! I hope everyone has an amazing day with the ones they love! @thesergiogarcia #HappyValentinesDay #RyderCup A post shared by Angela Akins (@theangelaakins) on Feb 14, 2017 at 2:09pm PST
My beautiful Valentines. I love them. @alaynagaleai A post shared by Tony finau (@tonyfinaugolf) on Feb 14, 2017 at 8:17am PST
#ValentinesDay down under #WS6Perth @pgaofaustralia A post shared by Chelsea Gates (@chelseagatestv) on Feb 13, 2017 at 9:34pm PST
#GiveAway In honor of Valentines Day I'll be picking 3 lucky winners to send a personalized Valentine pic to! Just tag a friend or 2 below who could use a Valentines surprise! #HappyValentinesDay Winners will be picked tonight & personalized 8x10 will be sent out this week! A post shared by Blair O'Neal (@blaironealgolf) on Feb 14, 2017 at 7:46am PST
Happy Valentine's Day. Hope everyone has a day filled with love A post shared by Natalie Gulbis (@nataliegulbis) on Feb 14, 2017 at 7:40am PST
A look at what to expect during the overnight storm moving into the tri-state. Read more here.
This is an experimental feature. Give us your feedback. Thank you for your feedback.
Treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin may not have broken any laws with their frequent use of expensive military jets for official travel. But as the latest member of Donald Trump's administration to shun the commercial airlines that taxpayers fly on, they have further dented the US president's claim to represent the country's “forgotten men and women.”
The Treasury department's inspector-general concluded this week that Mr Mnuchin had “committed no violation of law” in their use of military aircraft. Since taking office in early February, the former Goldman Sachs executive has flown seven times on military jets at a cost of more than $800,000. An eighth trip is planned this month.
But the inquiry into Mr Mnuchin's travel is just the latest example of Mr Trump's team appearing to revel in the Washington swamp rather than drain it, as the populist president had promised. Little more than one week ago Tom Price, health and human services secretary, resigned following disclosures that they had spent more than $1m in taxpayer funds on private and military charters since May.
Interior secretary Ryan Zinke, energy secretary Rick Perry, veterans affairs secretary David Shulkin and Scott Pruitt, the Environmental Protection Agency administrator, have also taken private or military aircraft for official travel.
“It sends the wrong message to the entire executive branch,” said Richard Painter, former chief ethics lawyer in the George W Bush White House. “The fact that there's been a whole bunch of these just shows bad judgment.”
Such travel is permitted in “rare circumstances”, including when commercial flights are not reasonably available, the inspector-general said.
Accompanied by six aides, Mr Mnuchin spent $43,725 on a June 15 trip to Miami aboard a military C-37B, the equivalent of a Gulfstream 550, to attend a conference and confer with Mexico's finance minister, according to the inspector-general. A Treasury department travel official notified the secretary's office that the per-person cost on a commercial plane would have been $688.
Mr Mnuchin also withdrew a request to use a military jet for an August honeymoon with their new wife, Louise Linton, which they initially had claimed to need in order to stay in contact with Washington while flying.
“The US military is not your private jet service,” Congressman Ted Lieu, a California Democrat, tweeted at Mr Mnuchin on Friday.
During last year's campaign, Mr Trump pledged to apply their business acumen to government, boasting just days before the balloting that their new Washington hotel was “under budget and ahead of schedule”.
In March, the president signed an executive order to promote greater efficiency in government, saying: “Billions and billions of dollars are being wasted on activities that are not delivering results for hardworking American taxpayers, and not even coming close.”
The recurring travel controversies may be sapping the president's standing. By a margin of 56 per cent to 42 per cent, voters said Mr Trump does not care about average Americans, according to the most recent Quinnipiac Poll.
A Republican who regularly advises the White House blamed the travel furore on the presence in the cabinet of billionaires such as Wilbur Ross, the commerce secretary, and education secretary Betsy Devos, who uses their own plane for government travel at no cost to taxpayers.
“It has rubbed off on other members of the cabinet, in a negative way,” the Republican said. “You have a populist president who's trying to stay connected to voters, yet you have members of the cabinet who are picking up bad habits on private travel.”
Follow David J Lynch on Twitter: @davidjlynch
'Ransomware' Gets Credibility, Added to Oxford English Dictionary
Ransomware, a type of computer virus responsible for several recent wide-scale cyberattacks, has joined the ranks of nearly a million other words recognized by the Oxford English Dictionary.
The Oxford English Dictionary (OED) announced over 1,100 new entries this week, adding newcomers including hangry, mansplaining and ransomware to its growing list of over 829,000 words and counting.
"A type of malicious software designed to block access to a computer system until a sum of money is paid," reads Oxford's newly accepted definition of ransomware.
"Some of the most common forms of ransomware are designed to encrypt the user's data and to display a message threatening permanently to delete it or publish it online if a ransom is not paid within a certain amount of time."
The word ransomware has been in use since at least 1988, albeit not always to describe the rash of malware that has crippled computer systems in countries around the world in recent years, according to Oxford.
"This established meaning dates to at least 2005, but there is a rarer, earlier sense referring to non-malicious open-source software, which is available free of charge but requires a fee for access to all features, functions or updates," explained Katherine Connor Martin, Oxford's head of U.S. dictionaries.
More recently ransomware has been used to describe malicious, money-grabbing malware at the center of several high-profile cyberattacks, including most notably the WannaCry strain that infected computers in over 150 countries last year,
Attributed to North Korea by the U.S. and others, WannaCry compromised computer systems used by victims ranging from the U.K. National Health Service and the Indian government, to FedEx and Russian Railways.
A report released this month by Sophos, a British security firm, found that 54 percent of organizations surveyed were hit with ransomware in 2017. A separate study published recently by Malwarebytes, a Silicon Valley security company, reported that ransomware attacks nearly doubled in 2017, and thanks in part to the U.S. government losing control over a classified hacking tool subsequently incorporated into WannaCry.
Oxford adds to new entries four times a year to its OED, "the most complete record of the English language ever assembled," according to the wordsmiths. Its next additions are due in April 2018.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
A black and proud gay man took to twitter to reveal their 2016 body count. Daddy Infidel claimed that they slept with at least 550 men and has already gone to bed with two in 2017. He, however clarified that they are pro safer sex and currently have no sexually transmitted diseases. Read their tweets after the cut…
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
eric musselContrary to what people that were caught up in the moment are going to try and tell you, this was not the craziest first weekend of the NCAA tournament of all time.
We may have had the single-craziest moment ever — we'll get to that — and we did lose a number of the top teams in the bracket, but the insanity of this weekend wasn't quite clinical.
That said, we did get left with a number of memorable moments through out the first four days of the greatest sporting event in America. Here are the 12 that will stick with us for the longest time:
12. THE KEENAN EVANS TAKEOVER
We've been trying to let you know about this guy all season long. The Texas Tech star averaged 22.5 points and 3.0 assists through the first two weekends of the event, and 33 of the 45 points that they scored came in the second half of two close wins. They hit the go-ahead three to beat Florida with just over two minutes left and made all the big plays in the come-from-behind win over Stephen F. Austin in the first round.  They are a killer.
The best moment, however, might have been this lob that elicited memories of Kobe-to-Shaq:
Maybe it doesn't deserve a video, but since it reminds me of Kobe's lob to Shaq in game 7 of the 2000 Western Conference Finals… Keenan Evans' lob to Zhaire Smith for the DAGGER is even better with Titanic music!!! 🏀🚢🎶 pic.twitter.com/K1NTRmrJxp — 🏀🚢🎶TITANIC HOOPS🏀🚢🎶 (@TitanicHoops) March 18, 2018
11. MYLES POWELL FOR THE COVER
If you're not a gambler, you may not have noticed that the final, seemingly meaningless shot in Kansas' win over Seton Hall in the second round had all kinds of weight behind it. Powell hit a running 30-footer as time-expired, cutting the Kansas lead to 83-79. Kansas was favored by 4.5 points in that game. The shot that they hit meant that the Pirates covered the spread. Millions of dollars — that's not an exaggeration — changed hands as a direct result of that shot going in.
🚨🚨🚨 #MOOSEALERT 🚨🚨🚨 Myles Powell's "meaningless" 3 pointer to cut Kansas' lead from 7 to 4 is a shot that Jayhawks full game (-4.5) and 2H (-1.5) bettors will never forget. pic.twitter.com/Vweqc4km1X — The Action Network (@ActionNetworkHQ) March 18, 2018
10. MEET ZACH NORVELL
You may not have known who they were before this event started but you probably know who they are now. The Gonzaga first-year student scored 15 points and hit the game-winning three as the Zags beat UNC Greensboro in the first round of the NCAA tournament, following that up by going for a career-high 28 points, a career-high 12 boards, a career-high six threes and their first career double-double in a second round win over Ohio State. He's scored at least 14 points in each of their last six games. They will be the next superstar in Spokane.
9. SYRACUSE IS IN THE SWEET 16 PLAYING BASKETBALL THAT MAKES VIRGINIA SEEM EXCITING
Jim Boeheim, man. You have to give them credit. For the second time in three seasons, their Orange team has snuck into the NCAA tournament with a resume that didn't deserve a bid and proceeded to make everyone seem like an idiot for saying they didn't belong. The Orange are in the Sweet 16 after starting in the First Four and failing to score more than 60 points in any of their three games. Boeheim just packs in that 2-3, puts as many long and athletic people on the floor that they can and lets Tyus Battle go make plays. And it works. Sometimes basketball is an easy game, I guess.
8. TEXAS A&M MOLLYWHOPS THE REIGNING NATIONAL CHAMPS
One thing that I never thought that I would see in this event is a team with Joel Berry II and Theo Pinson getting run out of the gym. Those two dudes are so good and so tough and been through so much that I expected them to be in a dogfight every time they set foot on a court for all eternity. Then Sunday happened, and Texas A&M — who spent four months flirting with the idea that maybe living up to their potential was a possibility — absolutely trucked them. They won by 21 points, and the outcome never really felt in doubt after the final TV timeout of the first half.
7. BUFFALO STEAMROLLS ARIZONA
Remember when we all thought that this was going to be the most memorable upset for the first weekend?
Hahaha. That was fun.
But just because Virginia happened to go full Virginia and exactly one half of the top three seeds in the tournament were knocked out before the start of the second weekend doesn't mean that what Buffalo did should be swept under the rug. The Bulls eviscerated an Arizona team that looked like they were ready to quit on this utterly forgettable season by the middle of the second half.
6. FLORIDA STATE SENDS XAVIER PACKING
Xavier, the No. 1 seed in the West Region, looked like they were going to be able to cruise into the Sweet 16, as they led the Seminoles by 12 points with under 10 minutes left in the game. But that did not last, as they were outscored 18-4 to close out the game while Florida State reached the Sweet 16 for the first time since 2011.
It's the first time since 2004 that we head into the Sweet 16 with two of the nation's No. 1 seeds sitting at home.
5. NEVADA WITH TWO COMEBACKS IN THREE DAYS
Eric Musselman and the Wolf Pack managed two thrilling wins in the span of three days. First, they came from way behind to beat No. 10-seed Texas in the opening round of the event before erasing the second-largest deficit in NCAA tournament history when they came back from 22 points down in the final 11:43 to second No. 2 Cincinnati back to the Queen City.
4. JORDAN POOLE HITS Their GAME-WINNER
This shot, to beat Houston in the second round, will be the most memorable shot from this first weekend:
Absolutely LOVE this fan-shot video of Jordan Poole's game-winning shot, via @redditCBB: pic.twitter.com/aEByXrFokK — Alejandro Zúñiga (@ByAZuniga) March 18, 2018
While this image is one that will forever epitomize what makes March Madness so special:
3. ROB GRAY'S FIRST ROUND PERFORMANCE
The shame in Poole's shot going in was that it ended the tournament run of Houston star Rob Gray, who put together one of the best first weekend's in tournament history as well as a performance that should have been iconic. In the first round, against No. 11-seed San Diego State, Gray finished with 39 of their team's 67 points, including the game-winning bucket with 1.1 seconds left on the clock.
That game-winner capped one of the wildest finishes to a game that I can ever remember seeing. Check this out:
And that led directly to this:
WOW. 😱😱😱 ROB GRAY gives Houston the lead & hits a new career-high with 39 PTS! pic.twitter.com/LPtUCUXY6n — NCAA March Madness (@marchmadness) March 16, 2018
2. THE No. 11-SEED LOYOLA-CHICAGO RAMBLERS, AND SISTER JEAN, ARE IN THE SWEET 16 AFTER TWO GAME-WINNERS
I don't even know where to start with this.
Twice in the span of three days, Loyola trailed 62-61 with less than 10 seconds left and twice in the span of three days they made a game-winner to advance to the next round of the tournament.
LOYOLA-CHICAGO DOES IT AGAIN!!! Clayton Custer gets the game-winner to go as the Ramblers upset 3rd-seeded Tennessee, clinching a spot in the Sweet 16 for the first time since 1985! pic.twitter.com/QMmfTH4gWs — DRK Sports (@drksportsnews) March 18, 2018
Sister Jean loves it.
1. UMBC!
Could it be anything else?
For the first time in the history of the world, a No. 16 seed has beaten a No. 1 seed in the NCAA tournament as the Retrievers knocked off Virginia to get their shot to play their way into the Sweet 16. They lost to Kansas State on Sunday, but who cares? It would have been terrific theater to see them get their shot in the Sweet 16, but it was not meant to be.
We'll have to simply settle for UMBC truck-sticking the No. 1 overall seed in the tournament.
WILSONVILLE, OR--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - FLIR Systems, Inc. ( NASDAQ : FLIR) announced today that it has been awarded a $50 million indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contract to provide marine electronics systems under the U.S. Coast Guard's Scalable Integrated Navigation Systems 2 (SINS-2) program over a five-year period providing the purchaser a right to extend delivery for an additional five years. FLIR will provide electronics systems that will be standard fit on over 2,000 U.S. Coast Guard vessels, ranging from small-class boats through large cutter-class vessels. The systems include Raymarine multi-function navigation displays, radars, sonars, remote instrument displays, and autopilots. All of these components will be integrated with the Raymarine Lighthouse operating system for simple operation, single-point upgradeability, and will include advanced features specifically developed for the U.S. Coast Guard.
To support the U.S. Coast Guard's search and rescue mission, the Raymarine LightHouse operating system offers pre-programmed SAR (search and rescue) patterns, allowing the U.S. Coast Guard to more effectively execute coordinated multi-vessel SAR operations. The LightHouse based SINS-2 system also features advanced graphical target intercept tools and encrypted communications designed to increase safety, ensure situational awareness, and enhance mission success rates.
Additionally, FLIR's SINS-2 products offer a rich integration with existing FLIR M-Series and SeaFLIR® thermal imaging cameras currently in use by many U.S. Coast Guard boats and cutters. This integration will help the U.S. Coast Guard streamline configuration management, installation, and crew readiness while improving overall efficiency.
"We are very pleased to have been chosen by the U.S. Coast Guard as their supplier for the next generation of advanced situational awareness and marine navigation equipment. Produced under our unique Commercially Developed - Military Qualified (CDMQ™) model, the FLIR SINS-2 product suite offers powerful functionality, proven reliability, and simple operation, leveraging the strengths of both our FLIR and Raymarine product lines," said Andy Teich, President and CEO of FLIR. "Enhancing safety and situational awareness is at the heart of what we do every day at FLIR. We look forward to continuing our successful long-standing relationship with the U.S. Coast Guard in supporting their important lifesaving and homeland security missions."
FLIR's Maritime segment will commence delivery of SINS-2 marine electronics within the next three months.
About FLIR Systems
FLIR Systems, Inc. is a world leader in the design, manufacture, and marketing of sensor systems that enhance perception and awareness. FLIR's advanced thermal imaging and threat detection systems are used for a wide variety of imaging, thermography, and security applications, including airborne and ground-based surveillance, condition monitoring, research and development, manufacturing process control, search and rescue, drug interdiction, navigation, transportation safety, border and maritime patrol, environmental monitoring, and chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives (CBRNE) detection. For more information, go to FLIR's web site at www.FLIR.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
The statements in this release by Andy Teich and the other statements in this release about the products described above are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about FLIR's business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including the following: the ability to manufacture and deliver the systems referenced in this release, changes in pricing of FLIR's products, changing demand for FLIR's products, product mix, the impact of competitive products and pricing, constraints on supplies of critical components, excess or shortage of production capacity, the ability of FLIR to manufacture and ship products in a timely manner, FLIR's continuing compliance with U.S. export control laws and regulations, and other risks discussed from time to time in FLIR's Securities and Exchange Commission filings and reports. In addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates, and general domestic and international economic conditions. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made and FLIR does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release, or for changes made to this document by wire services or Internet service providers.
By Hayden Wright
A trailer has been released for the next sequence of Carpool Karaoke videos, and the lineup is stellar. The CBS late-night segment will stream on Apple Music in a similar format, but with new guests and even crazier moments behind the wheel. The concept, which has broken YouTube records and dominated social media, remains as simple and delightful as ever. Only this time, a rotating cast of celebrities will replace James Corden.
Related: Adele's ‘Carpool Karaoke' is the Most Popular Viral Video of 2016
Here are the moments we're most excited for:
Metallica making their headbanging mark on Rihanna's “Diamonds” with Billy Eichner.
John Legend duetting on with Alicia Keys on their breakout hit, “Falling.”
Ariana Grande belting the Little Shop of Horrors soundtrack with Seth MacFarlane.
James Corden's return with Will Smith — they rap the Fresh Prince theme!
Chelsea Handler slinging whiskey and singing Bon Jovi's “Living on a Prayer” with Blake Shelton.
Corden also presides over an epic, R. Kelly-inspired key change for the Carpool Karaoke franchise — there's a helicopter.
A new installment will drop on Apple Music each week and the premiere is “coming soon.”
Watch the preview here:
Women in Weld County between 40 and 60 may qualify for free breast exams and mammograms.
According to a news release, the Weld County Health Department's has a program titled the Women's Wellness Connection that provides free services to combat breast cancer.
To be eligible, must meet certain income limitations, live in the United States legally and have no health insurance or have health insurance with high co-pays.
Women enrolled in the WWC program who are diagnosed with breast cancer may also qualify for treatment through Health First Colorado's Breast and Cervical Cancer Program, according to the news release.
Solutions provide project-driven companies with tools to win bids and improve margins
SCOTTSDALE, AZ--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - InEight, the project technology expert, now offers InEight® Simple Bundle, which makes it easier to achieve integrated, simplified and accurate estimating and project control. InEight Simple Bundle features several options -- InEight Estimate Bundle, InEight Estimate and Control Bundle, and InEight Custom Bundle. InEight provides tailored, affordable annual software subscriptions for project-driven companies in industries such as building, infrastructure, mining, oil and gas, and utilities. Software bundles include multiple user licenses and start as low as $128 per user, per month.* Proven and powerful project cost management solutions ensure there are no project surprises with InEight Simple Bundle.
"Project success hinges on how effectively information is gathered, presented and applied. This enables companies to make informed decisions that help them win projects and improve margins," said Jake Macholtz, chief executive officer at InEight. "With more than 25 years of applied technology and field-testing experience, our team has created estimating and project management solutions that deliver proven project certainty through cutting-edge accuracy, performance and multiuser collaboration."
Each solution provides a holistic approach to accessing information, linking office functions to field functions in real time.
The InEight Estimate Bundle ($128/user/month*) helps users quickly and easily create more accurate estimates through a streamlined, benchmarked and integrated cost estimation platform. Delivering the confidence needed for project success, this solution's capabilities include efficient estimating and integration with takeoff, accounting and scheduling systems.
The InEight Estimate and Control Bundle ($188/user/month*) enables companies to control and forecast costs, budgets, man-hours and productivity to ensure successful project completion. This bundle combines estimating, benchmarking and performance, helping users to know exactly what to expect and avoid project surprises.
The InEight Custom Bundle (case-by-case pricing) offers integrated solutions for estimating, project management, performance benchmarking, office-to-field connection and more for total project control. The customized solution is built to support individual company needs.
To learn more about InEight Simple Bundle and the cost-effective solutions that make it easy to build project confidence from assessment to action, visit info.ineight.com/estimate-and-control-product-page.html.
* Subscriptions for InEight Estimate Bundle and InEight Estimate and Control Bundle are billed annually.
About InEight
InEight combines proven technology with a unified vision, delivering actionable insights and project certainty to more than 20,000 active users in more than 500 companies. Built on a history of construction and engineering excellence, InEight solutions help companies visualize, estimate, manage, control and connect all aspects of capital and maintenance projects. With customizable, integrated and field-tested solutions, InEight customers have the visibility and control required for on-budget and on-time project completion. Based in Scottsdale, Arizona, U.S., InEight, an ISO 9001:2015-registered company, is a subsidiary of Kiewit Corporation (Kiewit). Kiewit, through its subsidiaries, is one of North America's largest and most respected construction and engineering organizations. For more information, please visit ineight.com.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMIami) – In sixty-one all time meetings between the Miami Hurricanes and Florida State Seminoles, neither team has ever won eight straight games against the other.
The Hurricanes will try to avoid being on the losing end of eight in a row on Saturday when they face the Seminoles in Tallahassee.
Miami still clings to the overall edge in the series at 31-30, and enter this matchup as the slight betting favorite. The Hurricanes are 3-0 and ranked 13th in the country. Florida State is 1-2 and unranked.
The metrics favor Miami, but in rivalry games, you can throw the records out the window.
“There's a reason we play them every year – it's a rivalry,” said Hurricanes head coach Mark Richt. “Rivalry games are important. They're better rivalries when there's some winning and losing on both sides, and that hasn't happened lately.”
Richt's players, none of which have ever beaten the Seminoles, appreciate the significance.
“This is probably the best rivalry in college football,” said senior offensive lineman KC McDermott. “The tradition behind it, the history with it, the countless All-Americans and first round draft picks; this is a huge game. You always want to be one of the guys playing in it.”
McDermott and the other Miami seniors would love to finally beat Florida State. McDermott is 0-3 against FSU and their older brother, former Canes center Shane McDermott, also went winless against the Noles. “They are going to give us their very best and we have to be prepared for it,” McDermott added.
Not only do these teams reside in the same state and fight for many of the same recruits, but they also play in the same conference. Miami is off to a 1-0 start in the ACC while FSU is 1-1. The Hurricanes are trying to win the Coastal Division for the first time, and this is a game that counts for their conference record.
The ‘Canes are looking for their first 2-0 start in ACC play since 2013.
In their conference debut, Miami held Duke without a touchdown in a 31-6 road win. The Hurricanes sacked Duke quarterback Daniel Jones five times and registered eleven tackles for a loss.
Miami's defensive front will look for similar results against a struggling Seminoles offensive line. In FSU's win over Wake Forest, they gave up five sacks and seventeen tackles for a loss. True first-year student quarterback James Blackman has been sacked nine times in two starts.
Miami's defense is tied for tenth in the country in sacks at 3.33 per game. Senior defensive end Chad Thomas leads the team with a pair. Miami is second in the country in tackles for loss at nine per game.
Offensively, Miami has seen excellent play at the quarterback position from junior Malik Rosier. They threw for 270 yards with two touchdown passes in the win over Duke, bringing their season totals to 820 yards through the air with eight touchdowns to just two interceptions.
They lead the ACC in passing efficiency.
Rosier is the first Miami quarterback to begin their career 4-0 as a starter since Brock Berlin did it in 2003.
Rosier has plenty of talent to throw the football to. Speedy sophomore receiver Ahmmon Richards made their 2017 debut in the Duke game, catching three passes for 106 yards and a touchdown. He's set to play again this week after being sidelined early in the season with a hamstring.
Miami's leading receiver is senior Braxton Berrios with ten catches for 192 yards. They also lead Miami in receiving touchdowns with three.
On the ground, Miami has enjoyed great success from the rushing tandem of Mark Walton and Travis Homer. Walton already has 403 yards rushing in just three games. They average a whopping 9.2 yards per carry while Homer averages 8.3. They've each scored three touchdowns.
Walton has dealt with left ankle soreness but will be ready to play on Saturday.
Miami faces a stingy FSU defense that ranks 15th nationally with eight tackles for loss per game. The Seminoles are 30th in rushing yards per attempt allowed at 3.4. So far their defense has rarely broken when bent, as they've only allowed five touchdowns out of thirteen opponents' trips to the red zone.
Florida State head coach Jimbo Fisher is an incredible 17-1 against teams from the state of Florida. Their Seminoles have won eleven straight matchups against in-state opponents.
Kickoff for Miami-Florida State is set for 3:30 PM on Saturday, October 7th from Doak Campbell Stadium in Tallahassee. You can listen to the game on 560 WQAM.
Share
So many games, so little time. Every week, Hanif Jackson and the Digital Trends crew shows off out some of the hottest new and upcoming PC games. Whether we're checking out the next big blockbuster or checking in on updates an old favorite, there are always more games to play, and we're the ones to play them.
The Swords of Ditto, a charming indie from indie studio Onebitbeyond, launch today on PlayStation 4 and PC. If a rogue-like with some strong Legend of Zelda influences sounds exciting, The Swords of Ditto might just be for you. Want to know more? Good, because we're playing The Swords of Ditto on this week's episode of DT Game Play! Join Hanif Jackson Tuesday at 2 p.m. PT on Twitch, or simply leave this tab open and watch it right here in this post. If you stick around, we're giving away a few Steam codes during the stream so you might win a copy of the game!
Published by Devolver Digital, The Swords of Ditto is one of the rare top-down rogue-like that doesn't use retro 8- or 16-bit visuals. Instead, as the launch trailer showcases, the team over at Onebitbeyond gave the game an endearing cartoon visual style that oozes personality.
The game is described as a “compact action RPG,” and is designed to be played in quick sessions. It has a relatively rote premise in that you, as the Sword of Ditto, are tasked with fighting off the nefarious Mormo, a witch who rises every 100 years to wreak havoc on Ditto. As a rogue-like, each time you die, your hero is permanently dead and you must start from the beginning. The game occurs over a five-day cycle once every 100 years. At the end of the fifth day, if you survive that long, you have to battle Mormo. Unlike some other games in the genre, your past progress actually carries over in some way.
Each hero's actions become a legend of their own, which can affect the way your new hero goes about their journey. You can also pick up loot and weapons dropped by your previous heroes. Besides the default sword, the game has a slew of less conventional weapons, including a magic golf club and vinyl record turned frisbee.
You can explore Ditto's overworld and dungeons solo or with a friend via local co-op. The game lets you choose which order you want to tackle its dungeons in and even lets you go for the final showdown against Mormo straight out of the gate.
The Swords of Ditto are available today on PS4 and Steam for $20.
Avengers: Infinity War releases Thursday, and the early indications following the premiere are that the biggest movie of the year is “spectacular.”
After 10 years and 18 films of buildup, it's understandable that fans of the Marvel Cinematic Universe are excited about what might occur in Infinity War – and they'll do anything to avoid the spoilers that will inevitably leak on the internet.
Me if I read any #AvengersInfinityWar spoilers before I see it. pic.twitter.com/cnYtp1oWp9 — Scott Fishman (@smFISHMAN) April 24, 2018
I know we joke about blocking people for spoilers but if you ruin Avengers Infinity War then you're getting blocked. It's simple. — You're moving mad (@BigGucci_Idz) April 22, 2018
STAY AWAY FROM SPOILERS. DO NOT HAVE AVENGERS: INFINITY WAR SPOILED FOR YOU. THIS IS NOT A DRILL. — Brandon Davis (@BrandonDavisBD) April 24, 2018
📢 PSA!!
THOSE WHO GET TO WATCH AVENGERS TOMORROW, YAWL BETTER NOT SPOIL IT FOR US: THE PEOPLE WHO DIDNT GET TICKETS. UNLESS U FINNA GET WHOOPED BY THE REST OF THE WORLD WHO HASNT WATCHED IT, PLS SHUT UP AND KEEP UR SPOILERS UP UR A$$ COS I WILL HATE YOU FOREVER. — huda (@HudaSajali) April 24, 2018
This brilliant video message released by @MarvelStudios asks fans not to spoil #AvengersInfinityWar for others: pic.twitter.com/XvmchUqR1a — MCU News & Tweets (@MCU_Tweets) April 24, 2018
Here's how to avoid spoilers. RT to save a life.#AvengersInfinityWar pic.twitter.com/sLnR8tYDYv — You (@okaybroda) April 23, 2018
Maybe just stay off social media for the next few days, Marvel fans.
Linux does have games. It has a lot of them, actually. Linux is a thriving platform for indie gaming, and it's not too uncommon for Linux to be supported on day one by top indie titles. In stark contrast, however, Linux is still largely ignored by the big-budget AAA developers, meaning that the games your friends are buzzing about probably won't be getting a Linux port anytime soon.
It's not all bad, though. Wine, the Windows compatibility layer for Linux, Mac, and BSD systems, is making huge strides in both the number of titles supported and performance. In fact, a lot of big name games now work under Wine. No, you won't get native performance, but they are playable and can actually run very well, depending on your system. Here are some games that it might surprise you can run with Wine on Linux.
The venerable king of MMORPGs is still alive and going strong. Even though it might not be the most graphically advanced game, it still takes some power to crank all the settings up to max. World of Warcraft has actually worked under Wine for years. Until this latest expansion, WoW supported OpenGL for its Mac version, making it very easy to get working under Linux. That's not quite the case anymore.
You'll need to run WoW with DX9 and will definitely see some benefit from the Gallium Nine patches, but you can confidently make the switch over to Linux without missing raid night.
Skyrim's not exactly new, but it's still fueled by a thriving modding community. You can now easily enjoy Skyrim and its many, many mods if you have a Linux system with enough resources to handle it all. Remember that Wine uses more system power than running the game natively, so account for that in your mod usage.
StarCraft II is easily one of the most popular RTS games on the market and works very well under Wine. It is actually one of the best performing games under Wine. That means that you can play your favorite RTS on Linux with minimal hassle and near-native performance.
Given the competitive nature of this game, you obviously need the game to run well. Have no fear there. You should have no problem playing competitively with adequate hardware.
This is an instance where you'll benefit from the “staging” patches, so continue using them when you're getting the game set up.
Before you ask, Fallout 4 is on the verge of working. At the time you're reading this, it might. For now, though, Fallout 3 and New Vegas both work great, both with and without mods. These games run very well under Wine and can even handle loads of mods to keep them fresh and interesting. It doesn't seem like a bad compromise to hold you over until Fallout 4 support matures.
Doom is one of the most exciting shooters of the past few years, and it runs very well under Wine with the latest versions and the “staging” patches. Both single player and multiplayer work great, and you don't need to spend loads of time configuring Wine and tweaking settings. Doom just works. So, if you're looking for a brutal AAA shooter on Linux, consider giving Doom a try.
Guild War 2 is a sort-of hybrid MMO/dungeon crawler without a monthly fee. It's very popular and boasts some really innovative features for the genre. It also runs smoothly on Linux with Wine.
Guild Wars 2 isn't some ancient MMO either. It's tried to keep itself modern graphically and has fairly high resolution textures and visual effects for the genre. All of it looks and works very well under Wine.
There are two top players in the MOBA world: DoTA2 and League of Legends. Valve ported DoTA2 to Linux some time ago, but League of Legends has never been made available to Linux gamers. If you're a Linux user and a fan of League, you can still play your favorite MOBA through Wine.
League of Legends is an interesting case. The game itself runs fine, but the installer breaks because it requires Adobe Air. There are some installer scripts available from Lutris and PlayOnLinux that get you through the process. Once it's installed, you should have no problem running League and even playing it smoothly in competitive situations.
Hearthstone is a popular and addictive free-to-play digital card game that's available on a variety of platforms … except Linux. Don't worry, it works very well in Wine. Hearthstone is such a lightweight game that it's actually playable through Wine on even the lowest powered systems. That's good news, too, but because Hearthstone is another competitive game where performance matters.
Hearthstone doesn't require any special configuration or even patches. It just works.
If you're surprised to see this one here, you're not alone. With the latest “staging” patches, The Witcher 3 finally works. Despite originally being promised a native release, Linux gamers have had to wait a good long while to get the third installment in the Witcher franchise.
Don't expect everything to be perfect just yet. Support for Witcher 3 is very new, and some things might not work as expected. That said, if you only have Linux to game on, and you're willing to deal with a couple of rough edges, you can enjoy this awesome game for the first time with few, if any, troubles.
Finally, there's yet another “white whale” for Linux gamers. Overwatch has been an elusive target that many feels should have been working on Wine since day one. Most Blizzard games have. Overwatch was a very different case. It only ever supported DX11, and that was a serious pain point for Wine.
Overwatch doesn't have the best performance yet, but you can definitely still play Blizzard's wildly popular shooter using a specially-patched version of Wine with the “staging” patches and additional ones just for Overwatch. That means Linux gamers wanted Overwatch so bad that they developed a special set of patches for it.
There were certainly games left off of this list. Most were just due to popularity or only conditional support under Wine. Other Blizzard games, like Heroes of the Storm and Diablo III also work, but this list would have been even more dominated by Blizzard, and that's not the point.
If you're going to try playing any of these games, consider using the “staging” or Gallium Nine versions of Wine. Many of the games here won't work without them. Even still, the latest patches and improvements land in “staging” long before they make it into the mainstream Wine release. Using it will keep you on the leading edge of progress.
Speaking of progress, right now Wine is making massive strides in DirectX11 support. While that doesn't mean much to Windows gamers, it's a huge deal for Linux. Most new games support DX11 and DX12, and until recently Wine only supported DX9. With DX11 support, Wine is gaining support for loads of games that were previously unplayable. So keep checking regularly to see if your favorite games from Windows started working in Wine. You might be very pleasantly surprised.
Garlene Frazier February 17, 1934 – June 30, 2018
BOWIE – Garlene Frazier, 84, passed away on June 30, 2018 in Bowie, TX.
A graveside service was at 9 a.m. on July 3 at Elmwood Cemetery with the Rev. Ron Abbott officiating.
Garlene was born on Feb. 17, 1934 in Park Springs to Garland and Lena (Earp) McWilliams. They graduated from Bowie High School in 1951 and attended Midwestern State University.
Garlene married Bob Duncan and they moved to California in 1956. They worked for South Western Bell Telephone Company and after 25 years of service they retired as a supervisor. Garlene moved back to Bowie and went to work for First Savings and Loan of Bowie for 12 years. They married Don Fraizer on Oct. 30, 1986 in Bowie.
Garlene was a member of Calvary Baptist Church. They enjoyed working in their yard, shopping and caring for their pets. They loved visiting with their former classmates and spending time with their friends and family around town.
 They are preceded in death by their parents and husband, Don Fraizer.
Garlene is survived by their daughter, Diana Marlyn Duncan Shirey and husband Wayne, Bowie; granddaughter, Chloe Shirey, Bowie; brother, Bobby McWilliams and wife Beverly, Bowie; step-children, Donna Marie Cooper, Bowie and Dianna Hughs, Gainesville; and numerous extended family.
Arrangements entrusted to The White Family Funeral Home of Bowie.
Paid publication
Warning: Story contains graphic image
A journalist was found beaten to death on a dirt path in Mexico — becoming the third reporter to be killed in the country in the past two weeks, local prosecutors said.
see also Mexico is more dangerous than every Mexico posted its highest homicide rate in decades, with the...
Hector Gonzalez Antonio, who chronicled the bloodshed flooding their home state of Tamaulipas for the paper Excelsior, became a victim of it. Their corpse was discovered Tuesday on a narrow road in Ciudad Victoria, their shirt and pants soaked in blood, wearing only one shoe, according to an image by Agence France-Presse.
The Tamaulipas attorney general's office said in a statement Tuesday they are investigating what prompted the murder.
Bordering Texas, Tamaulipas is one of the most lawless states in the country, ravaged by gang violence and drug trafficking.
Another reporter, Carlos Dominguez, a 77-year-old columnist who covered corruption and organized crime in the country for over 40 years, was stabbed at a traffic light there in front of their family in January — making them the first journalist to be murdered in Mexico this year.
Gonzalez is the sixth journalist to be killed in the country in 2018. Last year, nine journalists were killed there, according to the nonprofit Committee to Protect Journalists, making Mexico one of the world's most dangerous places for journalists.
On May 15, gunmen killed radio news host Juan Carlos Huerta in Tabasco state. And on May 24, Alicia Diaz Gonzalez, a business reporter, was found killed in their home in Monterrey.
Gonzalez wrote about security and politics — two notoriously dangerous subjects for Mexican reporters, Jan-Albert Hootsen, Mexico representative for CJP, told the Los Angeles Times.
“There is no indication that the situation for journalists in Mexico will improve. There's a complete lack of political will to put a stop to these killings,” Margaux Ewen, the North America director of Reporters Without Borders, told the Washington Post in February.
On Wednesday, colleagues rallied around Gonzalez.
“Rest in peace, dear Hector. You were a great reporter and we will remember you… We will never stop demanding justice,” tweeted Pascal Beltran del Rio, editorial director of Excelsior.
With Post wires
Oregon Ducks quarterback Travis Jonsen (11) reads the field as they listen to co-offensive coordinator Marcus Arroyo. Oregon Ducks head coach Willie Taggart speaks with quarterback Justin Herbert (10) following scrimmage play. The Oregon Ducks hold practice during their spring season at the Hatfield-Dowlin Complex practice fields in Eugene, Ore. on Monday, April 17, 2017. (Aaron Nelson/Emerald)
Practice Report: Veterans return in the secondary, but everyone faces the challenges of a new scheme
One season ago, Oregon's pass defense ranked 10 in the Pac-12 and allowed opponents to complete close to 65 percent of their passes.
This season, though, the Ducks return veteran cornerbacks Arrion Springs, Tyree Robinson and Ugo Amadi as well as safeties Brenden Schooler, Khalil Oliver and Juwaan Williams who hope to improve last year's abysmal numbers.
The secondary appears to be the strength of the defense this season but new coaches bring new challenges within their scheme.
Springs feel as though they are “a lot farther than expected” in regards to learning the new defensive — a switch back to a 3-4 after last years 4-3. However, Spring said it is easier to learn as a cornerback compared to a safety.
“[F]or the safeties I feel like it could be a lot different because they have different holes to fit in, different schemes and different gaps,” Springs said.
Ducks have a safety coach and a cornerbacks coach this season. Here are the safeties doing some of their individual work. pic.twitter.com/fM0m90BIXm — Jack Butler (@Butler917) April 17, 2017
Head coach Willie Taggart brought in two secondary coaches — one for the safeties and one for the cornerbacks — which is a shift from the one secondary coach Oregon had last season.
Keith Heyward is the safety coach while Charles Clark is the cornerback's coach.
“Coach Clark is really good at focusing on pressing and some of that stuff, so I feel like individually I've gotten a lot better than last year,” Springs said.
An additional coach gives the Ducks added eyes and more individual coaching. It also means Oregon players will be expected to learn more with more responsibilities. Despite the separation of the groups, quality communication between them is crucial.
“The communication is improving. Again, coach [Jim] Leavitt threw a lot at these guys — they threw the whole package in. We expect a lot of mistakes early,” Taggart said. “The defensive coaches threw it all out there and see what sticks and build off of it.”
DB's doing some tackling drills. pic.twitter.com/BsjoMTB2Du — Jack Butler (@Butler917) April 17, 2017
In Oregon's mini-scrimmage on Monday, quarterback Travis Jonsen took snaps with the first team. Justin Herbert took over the starting job for Oregon last season, but Taggart believes that every position, including quarterback, is open right now. Herbert took the first snaps in previous scrimmages, but on Monday it was Jonsen. Since redshirt first-year student Terry Wilson Jr. announced their decision to transfer on Friday, the competition is down to Jonsen, Herbert and first-year student Braxton Burmeister.
Little scrimmage video + Taggart coaching Herbert. pic.twitter.com/KNEONZyZJc — Jack Butler (@Butler917) April 17, 2017
Follow Jack Butler on Twitter @Butler917
Comments
Apple's chief lawyer retires as it battles Qualcomm and Samsung
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
A man was arrested for being intoxicated in Naas on Friday, June 29.
Gardai detained the man at 12.30am at Fairgreen Street.  They are aged 35.
French President Emmanuel Macron was to hold a one-one-one meeting with Donald Trump on Tuesday after arriving in Washington on Monday for a state visit likely to be dominated by differences with the United States over trade and the nuclear accord with Iran.
On their sixth meeting the two men and their wives had a much-publicised private dinner at founding father George Washington's home, Mount Vernon.
They discussed the US economy, Trump's poll ratings and the preparation for mid-term elections in the US and combating terrorism and radicalisation, according to the Elysée presidential palace.
"100 years ago American soldiers fought for France," Macron tweets tree-planting Il y a 100 ans, des soldats américains se battaient en France, à Belleau pour défendre notre liberté.
Ce chêne (mon cadeau à @realDonaldTrump) sera un rappel, au cœur de la Maison Blanche, de ce lien qui nous unit. pic.twitter.com/7uJcAclPBR Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) 24 avril 2018
Earlier they wielded golden shovels to plant a sapling from the site of a World War I battle between US and German troops in the White House garden, a subtle message from Macron on the importance of environmental questions and the Paris climate agreement, which the US has withdrawn from since Trump's election.
"This visit is very important in our present context, with many uncertainties, mane troubles and at times many threats," Macron said. "The US and France both have a particular responsibility ... we are the guarantors of contemporary multilateralism and I believe that through these exchanges we have many decisions to take and prepare."
Iran nuclear deal
Among those decisions is what to do about the Iran nuclear accord, which Trump has promised to rip up when it comes up for renewal on 12 May.
As Macron landed in Washington, the Iranian government urged European leaders to convince the US leader not to do so.
The French president said on Sunday there was no “Plan B” for keeping a lid on Tehran's nuclear ambitions.
Macron has tried to develop a close relationship with Trump since they took office last May, they have so far seen few tangible results on issues from Iran to climate politics.
Tuesday should be a further test for that relationship.
The one-on-one meeting will be followed by a longer meeting that includes both leaders' aides.
Macron is expected to plead for an extension of the exemption for the EU from Trump's steel and aluminium tariffs, which ends on 1 May.
They will lunch with Vice-President Mike Pence and Acting Secretary of State John Sullivan and attend a ceremony at the Arlington military ceremony.
Melania Trump tweets about preparations for Tuesday's state dinner After months of preparations, @POTUS and I are looking forward to hosting our first State Dinner with France! Thank you to everyone who has worked so hard to make this visit a success. 🇺🇸 🇫🇷 pic.twitter.com/j7fKmUhISJ Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) 23 avril 2018
This is the first state visit to the US by a foreign leader since Trump's election and there will be a sumptuous state dinner in the evening, the subject of an excited tweet by First Lady Melania Trump.
Breaking: Liberals CHEER Republican Rep. Steve Scalise Being Shot
Every sane person is still in a bit of shock over this morning's shooting of Rep. Steve Scalise and busy praising the Capitol Police who prevented a massacre.
Meanwhile, vile liberals took to Twitter to praise the attack and demand even more blood. Here are some of the worst examples.
Twitter @OfficialAntifa
Twitter @TariqNasheed
Twitter @GrannyRosie3
× 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know by Sir John Hawkins's book 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know is filled with lessons that newly minted adults need in order to get the most out of life. Gleaned from a lifetime of trial, error, and writing it down, Hawkins provides advice everyone can benefit from in short, digestible chapters. Buy Now
Twitter @DeannaMc1
Twitter @ProzacProdigy
Twitter @BigMeanInternet
Twitter @PlancksLaw
Twitter @JoshdCaplain
The world watched in amazement as Duchess Kate left St. Mary's Hospital in London with their new baby boy a mere seven hours after giving birth to him. NBC's Kelly Cobiella reports for TODAY from Kensington Palace.
More on this story here.
How Putin plans to keep Russia behind them
After their expected election victory, Russian president Vladimir Putin will aim to keep the country behind them by focusing not on the economy but on an aggressive foreign policy..
Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign, was the subject of a secret surveillance warrant. A controversial Republican memo made public Friday attacks the FBI's basis for seeking permission to eavesdrop on Page. J. Scott Applewhite AP
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Syrian government has recognized Abkhazia and South Ossetia, two Georgian breakaway regions backed by Russia, as independent countries.
"A deal has been reached between the Syrian Arab Republic, the Republic of Abkhazia and the Republic of South Ossetia to exchange recognition and set up diplomatic ties at the embassy level," said a Syrian Foreign Ministry official in comments circulated by the state-run SANA news agency on Tuesday.
Read more: Caucasus history almost repeats itself in Crimea
The move prompted the Georgian government to announce its decision to sever official ties with Syria, blaming Russia for orchestrating the diplomatic stunt.
"With this act, the Assad regime declared its support for Russia's military aggression against Georgia, the illegal occupation of Abkhazia and Tskhinvali [South Ossetia] regions and the ethnic cleansing that has been taking place for years," said a statement from the Georgian Foreign Ministry.
Following the collapse of the Soviet Union in the early 1990s, Abkhazia and South Ossetia were internationally recognized as part of Georgia. But in 2008, Russia waged war over the regions, deploying thousands of troops and recognizing them as independent states.
Politics of recognition
After the brief war, Nicaragua, Venezuela and Nauru recognized both regions as independent of Georgia. Although Syria has maintained close ties with Russia for decades, Moscow's involvement in the country's conflict in recent years has strengthened their bond.
Read more: Georgia's internally displaced face uncertain future
Abkhazia and South Ossetia have historically been autonomous regions of Georgia, even during the Soviet Union. In the wake of the Cold War, separatists fought a war against Georgian forces, a conflict that displaced 250,000 people and killed more than 12,000 others.
Both the US and EU have refused to recognize the breakaway regions, saying they form part of Georgia's territorial integrity.
ls/cmk (AFP, Reuters)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Information provided by the Miami County Sheriff's Office:
May 25
WARRANTS: A deputy was on routine patrol in the area of State Route 201 and Lefevere Road and observed a vehicle traveling south at a high rate of speed. The deputy identified the driver as Shannon Glover. Mrs. Glover was unable to provide the deputy with their drivers' license and it was recorded as suspended. The deputy also discovered Mrs. Glover has three active warrants out of three different jurisdictions. The warrants are out of Champaign County for felony drug possession, Clark County and Lebanon for failure to appear. The warrant from Champaign County was confirmed.
Mrs. Glover was taken into custody on the active warrants. The deputy issued Mrs. Glover a citation for the speed violation and driving under suspension. Mrs. Glover was transported to the Miami County Jail and custody was turned over to them.
THEFT: A resident in the 7000 block of S. County Road 25-A, Tipp City, called to report items missing from their property.
BURGLARY: A deputy was dispatched to 102 Center Street in Casstown on a criminal damaging complaint. It was found that the United Methodist Church was a victim of a burglary.
POSSESSION: A deputy performed a traffic stop on the listed vehicle for a speeding violation in the area of State Route 185 and Rangeline Road, Newbery Twp. After investigation, Jared Peake was charged with possession of marijuana, drug paraphernalia, and cited for the speeding violation.
May 26
POSSESSION: A deputy made a traffic stop on the listed vehicle for a marked lanes violation on northbound Interstate 75, near Troy. K9 Bear alerted to the vehicle and a small amount of marijuana and a grinder for the marijuana were found. Justin Florez was issued a summons for drug paraphernalia and marked lanes.
OVI: Several concerned citizens called into dispatch reporting a black Volkswagen Jetta driving recklessly and almost caused several crashes. The vehicle was located around State Route 36 and Mulberry Grove Road, Covington, and the driver, Devin Vanhise, was arrested for OVI. They tested .130 BAC and was issued a summons.
WRONGFUL ENTRUSTMENT: A deputy initiated a traffic stop on a white Honda Civic bearing Michigan plates for space between vehicles. The driver was taken into custody for failing to have a valid drivers license in Michigan or in any other state.
The passenger and registered owner was summonsed into court for wrongful entrustment.
DRUG POSSESSION: A deputy made a traffic stop on the listed vehicle for a traffic violation near Piqua-Troy Road, Piqua. K9 Bear alerted to the vehicle and drug paraphernalia and “DAB” a form of hashish was found. Christopher Adkins was issued summonses for drug possession, drug paraphernalia and failure to signal.
OVI: The deputy was advised by dispatch of a dark colored vehicle that was all over the roadway, including driving in the opposing lane, and driving at varying speeds. The deputy located the listed vehicle at State Route 201 and Dayton Brandt Road and conducted a traffic stop on the vehicle. Upon further investigation, Estela Loza was charged for operating a motor vehicle under the influence, failing to maintain marked lanes, and driving without a driver license.
May 28
ACCIDENT WITH INJURY: A deputy responded to an accident with injuries at the intersection of Monument and Main in Pleasant Hill. A black Corvette failed to yield and pulled out in front of a single motorcycle driver. The motorcycle driver was transported by Care flight to Miami Valley Hospital for head injuries. The driver of the vehicle was cited for failure to yield.
TRESPASSING: A deputy responded to a complaint and located multiple subjects trespassing on property belonging to Stillwater Community Church and the Miami County Park District. The individuals were identified and warned for trespassing.
mailbox ISSUE: A deputy responded to the 3100 block of Neal Pearson Road, Tipp City, for a criminal complaint. The victim said someone used an explosive to blow up their mailbox. Part of the explosive was still at the scene and was collected as evidence.
TRESPASSING: A deputy responded to the Ludlow Falls bridge on a complaint of subjects swimming at the falls. After investigation, two males were cited for trespassing.
May 29
SCHOOL ISSUE: A deputy was contacted by Miami East High School principal in reference to an unruly situation between two female students.
FOUND PROPERTY: A deputy responded North Main Street in Potsdam in reference to a possible drug pipe found on the property. A resident stated that they had found a broken crack pipe in their garden and wanted it removed. They stated they had unearthed the item so it must have been there a while. The crack pipe was removed and placed into evidence to be destroyed.
TRESPASSING: A vehicle was parked on the lawn of Stillwater Church. The listed individuals were found to be swimming in the creek and all their property was on the lawn. Stillwater Church does not want anyone on their property or swimming/hanging out. All three subjects were warned for trespassing and asked to leave. Less than an hour later, another report of trespassing was reported in the same area. Those subjects were warned for trespassing.
OVI: A deputy performed a traffic stop on the listed vehicle for a marked lanes violation on Corporate Drive and West Main Street in Troy. After investigation, Milind Dave was cited for marked lanes and charged with OVI.
Video
World Cup fever reached the pitch in Cornwall as school pupils staged their own England v Colombia match.
It was the climax of an event involving seven primary schools, whose pupils donned colours of their chosen country for their tournament.
The event in St Agnes was held in partnership with local football clubs Plymouth Argyle and St Agnes, who helped coach the children.
But, who won the England v Colombia clash?
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Of course, you don't have to spend a lot of money to show your love and appreciation.
At schools across the Twin Cities, Valentine's Day celebrations aren't about the lavish gifts. Inside Richard Green Central Park School, a classroom of kindergartners is about to celebrate Valentine's Day.
“A day of love and friendship, St. Valentino is dia de Amor y Amistad a day of love and friendship,” said Assistant Principal Beatriz DeSantiago.
DeSantiago says this classroom includes academics into the celebration. For these kids, that means a mixture of two worlds.
“The kids do learning here 80 percent in Spanish and 20 percent in English so they can become bilingual from the start,” said DeSantiago.
These 5 year-olds are learning their letters. They've learned the “Q” and the “U,” always go together and on this Valentine's Day, they celebrate their union.
“The idea of getting married so they are never going to separate, they are always going to be together so whenever they hear Q immediately they thing of U,” DeSantiago said.
They then celebrate friendship. Each student has to use full sentences to thank their classmates for being their friend.
Parents also get the chance to express love for their children and community.
“It really means a lot to me for them to be in here,” said Anely Martinez.
Anely Martinez was once a student here. Now their son, Mason, benefits from learning in both English and Spanish.
“We put them in English class and then they kind of forget where they come from, the Spanish-speaking, and they just go speaking English and then in the future it's harder for them to speak Spanish,” Martinez said.
These kindergartners also get a lesson in the arts, making their own goodies bags so treats can be shared by all. Teacher Loraina Alejandro does a wonderful job celebrating Valentine's Day and making sure lessons are taught during the day as well.
Richard Green School has now incorporated bilingual teaching from pre-kindergarten to fifth grade. Teachers incorporate more English into the curriculum each year.
A British professor who promised on Twitter to eat their pro-Brexit book if the Labor Party polled better than 38 percent kept their promise on live television Saturday.
“I'm saying this out loud,” Matthew Goodwin tweeted on May 27. “I do not believe that Labour under Jeremy Corbyn will poll 38%. I will happily eat my new Brexit book if they do.”
Shortly after the surprising results from Thursday's vote came in showing that the Conservative Party of Prime Minister Theresa May lost its majority in Parliament, the Twitterverse started demanding that Goodwin make lunch of the recently issued book, “Brexit.”
“I was surprised that Jeremy Corbyn got 2 percentage points more than I had expected and I did say that I would eat this book,” the pundit admitted on London-based SkyNews, adding, “Two percentage points make a big difference and I am a man of my word. I'm just going to sit here and eat my book while you guys carry on.”
The University of Bath professor then began munching on a few torn-out pages, leaving them unable to answer a follow-up question from the program's host.
Once they swallowed, they shrugged when asked about the taste, then added, “It's a hardback, so there are a lot of chemicals. But I've got to get through the whole thing.”
The name Rakesh Unni has now become much popular in the social media circuits. This man from Kerala has been labelled as a gifted singer and rightly they are. The videos doing the rounds are a testimony to that fact.
It was a couple of days ago that popular singer and musician Shankar Mahadevan had posted a video on their Facebook page in which a person was heard singing the song 'Unnai Kaanadhu' from the movie Vishwaroopam. The entire social media went gaga over this song, which was sung to perfection by this man. Shankar Mahadevan, through their Facebook post asked the help of social media users to find him.
Later, Shankar Mahadevan came up with a happy news they have spoken to the person, whose name is Rakesh Unni, a farmer from Kerala and they are taking the things forward to work with Rakesh. At the same time, they posted another video in which this talented person is singing the song Kumaari, from the film Anniyan.
Now, the popularity of Rakesh Unni has soared to newer heights and they got the big opportunity to meet none other than Kamal Haasan and sing the song amidst their presence. The video of the same has been doing the rounds on social media.
Reportedly, Kamal Haasan who is mighty impressed with the skills of Rakesh Unni, has offered them the chance to sing one of the songs in their upcoming film.
Italy's south feels forgotten in election battle
The FT's Davide Ghiglione and James Politi travelled to Crotone to gauge the electoral mood ahead of the upcoming elections on March 4. Crotone is the capital of a province in Calabria that has the highest unemployment rate in Italy.
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. They then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate themselves last July, when they urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, they said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairperson last August amid reports of their attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed themselves as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said they had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
The European Central Bank may have already started to taper its corporate-bond buying program, according to Deutsche Bank AG.
The rate of purchases under the Corporate Sector Purchase Programme fell 50 percent in April to about 700 million euros ($853 million) per week, down from 1.4 billion euros during the first quarter, Deutsche Bank said in a note published on Tuesday. That may mean the ECB is starting a “stealth taper” to wean the European bond market off the corporate debt purchases it began in June 2016 to prop up growth, Deutsche Bank said.
“Very little trimming has been applied to the CSPP so far and that might be a reason to start a gradual slowdown of corporate purchases a lot earlier in order to avoid too abrupt a stop,” Deutsche Bank strategist Michal Jezek, wrote. “If the weekly CSPP data release next Monday confirms this pattern, it will be hard to doubt that it is indeed what has happened.”
The ECB has purchased more than 150 billion euros of corporate debt since starting the program. After buoying the bond market over the past two years and squeezing yields, rising average borrowing costs this year suggest its impact may now be ebbing as purchases near a possible end in September.
Downward Trend ECB's corporate bond purchases decline, but data still volatile Source: Bloomberg Economics
The ECB already announced it would reduce purchases across its wider program, including sovereign, agency and covered bonds. In April last year it cut the pace of buying to 60 billion euros a month from 80 billion euros and reduced it further at the start of this year to 30 billion euros.
It may still be too early to conclude the ECB has accelerated tapering of the CSPP even if purchases have slowed because the data is volatile, according to David Powell, senior euro-area economist at Bloomberg Economics.
Wary Investors
But investors are growing wary about an imminent end to the unprecedented rally in credit driven by the program. Bonds that are eligible for ECB purchases are already showing signs of losing a key pillar of support, according to Gordon Shannon, a money manager at TwentyFour Asset Management in London.
“There is an expectation of a taper,” said Shannon, whose firm oversees 10 billion pounds ($14 billion). “Bonds targeted by the ECB have suffered just as much volatility this year as the rest of the market. Previously, you wouldn't have seen much reaction from debt that's eligible for the purchases even as other areas sell off.”
The ECB has also been shifting its purchases toward new-issues rather than existing secondary bonds which has less impact on yields in the broader market, according to Jeroen van den Broek, ING Groep NV's head of debt strategy and research.
New Bonds
In March, the ECB's holdings of new corporate bonds increased by 3.6 billion euros, equivalent to 60 percent of its purchases that month. About 2.4 billion euros of notes were purchased in the secondary market, according to a breakdown on the ECB's website.
The average yield on investment-grade corporate bonds rose to 0.94 percent yesterday, the highest since July, according to Bloomberg Barclays index data.
“CSPP will no longer be the stabilizer and squeeze catalyst to credit spreads,” said Van den Broek. “As the tapering process happens, fewer people will want to be invested in credit because the big buyer isn't really there anymore.”
— With assistance by Sheldon Reback
No matter where you turn these days, people are talking about the benefits of “working in the cloud” including:
Saving time; Saving money; and Avoiding the hassle of managing technology yourself.
While all that sound great, it can often be hard to figure out where to start. That's especially true if you're a busy small business owner.
If this sounds like you, then you're going to love this list of 25 business tasks you could do better in the cloud. To get the most from the list:
First scan the headings to find the tasks that cost you the most to manage, take the most time to manage, and are a hassle to manage. Then, head on over to your favorite search engine and type the category name followed by the word software to find online tools to help you do that task better in the cloud.
1. Appointment Scheduling
Nothing can eat up more time than scheduling client appointments. Nothing that is except for canceling and changing client appointments.
Happily, there are a number of cloud tools that take the task out of your hands by empowering your clients to manage the whole process.
2. Customer Relationship Management (CRM)
Creating a relationship with your customers takes time and effort, including a ton of tracking. It's so much more efficient however, if you have the right cloud tool backing you up.
CRM solutions abound in the cloud so if you want to cut the amount of time you spend nurturing customers without sacrificing current and future relationships, then go take a look.
3. Sales
Of course, the whole goal of building relationships is to make sales. Once again the cloud comes to the rescue with online selling tools such as Meylah online stores that help you organize and manage your sales process end-to-end.
4. Customer Support
Once you land a client, you'll need to support them. Helpdesk solutions such as AzureDesk help you coordinate and manage customer complaints and suggestions.
They even let customers help themselves and other customers via a knowledge base and community, saving you both time and money.
5. Recruiting and Hiring
Recruiting and hiring is a complex, time-intensive process. That's why you should look at the latest online tools for doing both.
These systems can handle everything for you from posting to several job sites at once to tracking the hiring process, and making the final offer to the winning candidate.
6. Hiring Freelancers
It seems that more companies are hiring freelancers these days than full-time employees. If you're looking to jump into the gig economy, then you should check out the freelance marketplaces, such as Upwork, Guru, and Fiverr, online.
Not only do these cloud solutions help you find and hire the right freelancer, they also offer project management and communication tools as well as payment options.
7. Workforce Management
Once you have your employees and freelancers onboard, you need to manage the team. Cloud-based workforce management solutions can help you manage everything from onboarding to training, professional development, reviews, and even shift scheduling for hourly employees.
8. Payroll
Paying your employees and freelancers is a complex process, fraught with regulations and tax laws. Online payroll solutions often have all those rules built-in so you can rest assured that all your i's are dotted and t's are crossed.
9. Invoicing
Getting paid yourself is always a challenge. Cloud-based invoicing takes away some of the hassle by enabling your clients to pay directly from their email, automatically alerting clients when their bill is past due, and providing end-of-year reporting that makes tax preparation that much easier.
10. Accounting
Unless you're an accountant, you probably did not go into business because you wanted to keep the books. Happily, there are tons of online options for bookkeeping, many of which enable you to give access directly to your accountant so they can handle the work.
In addition, these solutions are typically up-to-date with the latest compliance and tax regulations to you can rest easy knowing that you didn't miss something that can cost you lots down the road.
11. Time Management
Let's face it, you're busy and it's easy to lose track of what you should be working on, when. Online time management apps help you plan well, become more productive, and more importantly stay focused on your core business operations.
12. Task List Management
Aside from managing your time, you also need to manage your to-do list. Cloud-based task list tools will help you do just that with reminders, repeating tasks, and even re-usable checklists.
Check off a task never felt so good.
13. Video Conferencing
While face-to-face meetings are the ideal, geographically dispersed clients and employees often make that nonviable.
Online video conferencing is the answer. Long past the days when meeting online was a frame-by-frame experience, today's solutions offer smooth video, clear audio, and all sorts of collaborative and interactive tools.
14. Collaborating
Speaking of collaborating, there's no better place to work together than in the cloud. Whether you collaborate in real time or jump in and out to exchange comments and updates, you and your team will never feel more connected, even if they're geographically separate.
15. Messaging
With the growth of tools like such as Microsoft Teams and Microsoft Project, it's never been easier to stay in touch with your team. Online instant messaging has long been a favorite way for businesses to connect, and it's still an efficient way to quickly communicate.
16. Cloud Storage
Your business produces a lot of digital documents. That's why you need a place to store it all. Cloud-based storage solutions are the go-to tools when you need a virtual file cabinet.
In addition to storing, some tools also enable you to index and search more easily and even share your documents selectively. In addition, you can also move your entire server and applications to platforms such as azure. If you are interested in exploring solutions, signup for free advisory services.
17. Sharing
And speaking of sharing, even if you don't have a cloud storage solution in place, you can still share your files, especially those that are too big for email, using online sharing tools.
18. Marketing Automation
Marketing is a essential to every business, but it can also be time consuming. Cloud-based marketing automation tools enable you to well, automate a lot of the tasks associated with your marketing campaigns so you can focus on the rest of your business.
19. Social Media Management
Talk about time consuming, social media can suck your whole day away. To avoid that pitfall, make use of online social media management solutions. These tools enable you to schedule updates far in advance, track your mentions on social networks, and get alerts when you need to respond to someone.
20. Email Marketing
Email marketing is alive and well, supported by a number of cloud-based solutions. You can use these tools to build a list of customers who are interested in your product, send emails manually or automatically, and track every detail like open, click-throughs, and conversions.
21. Project Management
The collaborative nature of the cloud makes it a perfect spot to manage projects. You can get the whole team on board with solutions like Microsoft Planner for Office 365 and track every step so you always know the status of a project in real time.
22. Business Intelligence
If you like numbers, then you will love cloud-based dashboards. Many of these solutions collect data related to your business, even from your own systems, and present it in colorful and easy-to-interpret charts and reports. These tools really help you stay on top of your business.
23. Automated Integration
In the old days, you used to need a team of programmers to make two solutions work together. Today, you can use online tools like Microsoft Flow to create chains of workflow that move between separate systems. The best part? No coding required!
24. Website Design
You no longer need to hire a web designer or developer to put up a good-looking, well-functioning website with eCommerce functionality. Cloud-based tools such as Microsoft ASP.NET and Visual Studio can be used to build and manage your site more easily and less expensively.
25. Back Office Management
Everything from logistics to supplies, shipping, and fleet management can be handled using online software. No matter what you need to run your business, there's likely an online solution that will keep your back office purring along smoothly.
It's un-American to be Patriotic — at least when it comes to football.
Just 16 percent of Americans are rooting for the New England Patriots in Sunday's Super Bowl match-up with the Philadelphia Eagles, according to a Monmouth University Poll. Thirty-seven percent say they're backing the Eagles, 46 percent say it doesn't matter and 39 percent just want the Pats to lose.
But many are apparently frightened by Philly fans.
Twenty-six percent polled say they'd be “worried” about encountering Eagles fans in a dark alley.
Authorities say two men have been injured after they fought over a knife and suffered stab injuries at a Las Vegas hotel.
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police say the two men are recovering at a hospital after the incident early Sunday.
They say one of the injured was stabbed in the back.
Police say the incident occurred inside a room at the Stratosphere Hotel & Casino about 4:30 a.m.
The names of the two men haven't been released.
Police say it's unclear if any charges will be filed against either man.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Nikolas Cruz, suspected of carrying out a mass shooting at Florida's Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, appeared before a judge on Friday, March 9, 2018. (Published Friday, March 9, 2018)
Zachary Cruz, the brother of accused Parkland school gunman Nikolas Cruz, has been arrested for allegedly trespassing at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, according to the Broward County Sheriff's Office.
An arrest report said authorities previously told Zachary Cruz, 18, to refrain from entering the school.
Cruz allegedly "surpassed all locked doors and gates and proceeded to ride their skateboard through school grounds" on Monday at about 4:30 p.m., the arrest report reads.
Cruz said they entered the school property to "reflect on the school shooting and to soak it in," according to the report.
Stoneman Douglas is the school in which 17 people, mostly teenage students, were shot and killed.
Nikolas Cruz is facing 17 counts of premeditated murder and 17 counts of attempted murder.
Parkland on Saturday will host a "March for Our Lives" event protesting gun violence and urging for reform that is organized by survivors of the shooting with the support of the Everytown for Gun Safety nonprofit organization.
NAGA CITY (Bicol Standard) – Bicol Standard, the region's most read and fastest-growing news source, is celebrating its 25th anniversar...
RALEIGH, N.C. (WNCN) – The Department of Defense said the three Special Forces soldiers killed in Niger on Wednesday were assigned to 3rd Special Forces Group at Fort Bragg.
Staff Sgt. Bryan C. Black, 35, of Puyallup, Washington Staff Sgt. Jeremiah W. Johnson, 39, of Springboro, Ohio Staff Sgt. Dustin M. Wright, 29, of Lyons, Georgia, DoD said.
CNN reports a fourth Special Forces member has died following the attack.
Four Nigerien soldiers were also killed in the attack by Mali-based militants in Niger's Tillaberi region.
Eight Niger soldiers and two U.S. soldiers were wounded, according to a statement by Niger's Army Chief of Staff.
“A joint patrol of the Defense and Security Forces and American partners operating in the border area of Mali fell into an ambush set by terrorist elements aboard a dozen vehicles and about twenty motorcycles,” the statement said. The deaths and injuries came “after intense fighting, during which elements of the joint force showed exemplary courage.”
The statement welcomed “the constant commitment of the American partners in the fight against terrorism.”
Niger's President Mahamadou Issoufou and the U.S. Ambassador to Niger Eunice S. Reddik met before Issoufou presided over a meeting of the National Security Council made up of senior officers and ministers.
“Our country is once again the target of a terrorist attack, with a large number of victims,” Niger's president said earlier Thursday.
The incident is currently under investigation.
Black enlisted in the Army in October 2009.
Their awards and decorations include the Army Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Special Forces Tab, Ranger Tab, Parachutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, and Marksmanship Qualification Badge – Sharpshooter with Rifle.
Black served as a Special Forces Medical Sergeant.
Johnson enlisted in the Army in October 2007.
Their awards and decorations include the Army Commendation Medal (2nd Award), Army Achievement Medal (5th Award), Army Good Conduct Medal (3rd Award), National Defense Service Medal, Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, Armed Forces Service Ribbon, Noncommissioned Officer Professional Development Ribbon, Army Service Ribbon, Parachutist Badge, Air Assault Badge, Driver and Mechanic Badge, and Marksmanship Qualification Badge – Expert with Pistol and Rifle.
Johnson served as a Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Specialist (74D).
Wright enlisted in the Army in July 2012.
Their awards and decorations include the Joint Service Achievement Medal, Army Good Conduct Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Army Service Ribbon, Special Forces Tab, and Parachutist Badge.
Wright served as a Special Forces Engineer Sergeant (18C).
A group of North Las Vegas coworkers won big, playing the lottery! Twenty-two employees at Las Vegas Paving Corporation won nearly $2 million and collected their Powerball prize.
Their winning numbers: 4-7-14-46-59, Powerball: 13. They were just one number off from winning the big jackpot of $128 million. But they said they are still pretty happy with what they got.
“Honestly it was unbelievable,” Kris Ann Molitor said. “I couldn't believe it when my husband checked the numbers on January 31.”
After taxes, each took home around $68,000.
“It's money in the bank you didn't have the night before,” Rick Ewing said.
But this didn't happen overnight. The group is a dedicated bunch. They said they've been buying lottery tickets together for more than a decade.
Tom Hampton said they are the one who drives to Primm to buy the tickets, each month.
“We had won $3, $5, but that was it,” Ewing said.
After years of a lot of losing tickets, they're proud they never gave up.
“I kept hoping that one day we would make it and we did,” Hampton said.
Ewing said they stayed in the pool after all these years, “because everyone else did and I didn't want to be the only one who wasn't in the pot when they did win!”
As for the numbers, they left that up to Lady Luck, letting the store pick them at random.
But they've been a little more careful when it comes to how the money is spent.
“We just paid off some bills,” Hampton said. “And we're doing some renovations to the house.”
“I put it in the bank and it'll be there until I spend it,” Ewing said.
“He was able to pay off our mortgage,” Molitor said. “So just as fast as we got the money, it went. But it went toward a good thing. And it's a good thing to know you're debt-free.”
They said they're hoping their luck hasn't run out. The group was already pooling for the next big drawing.
“Oh yea, we haven't stopped,” Hampton said.
“You never know - there have been times when people have hit more than once,” Molitor said.
Primm Valley Lotto also got a $10,000 bonus for selling the winning ticket.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
How Shared Parking Can Reduce Housing Costs and Cut Traffic
Parking is expensive to build. It's particularly expensive in cities like Seattle, where space is limited and land costs are high.
Sound Transit will spend $100,000 per parking space, for instance, to build garages around its new suburban light rail stations. Now imagine baking costs like that into the construction of new housing — that's what mandatory parking minimums do.
The political appetite for eliminating parking requirements is limited, however, so Seattle officials are taking an incremental approach, reports Dan Bertolet at Sightline.
In the Seattle region, King County Metro found that more than a quarter of residential parking spaces are unused, but current rules prevent the agency from using those empty spaces for park-and-ride purposes. Now the city is looking to change those rules to enable “greater sharing of parking in certain zones” [PDF]. The basic idea is to reduce the amount of parking in new construction by making more efficient use of existing parking, and the benefits could be substantial, Bertolet writes:
While Seattle's current efforts to eliminate barriers to shared parking may have been catalyzed by the King County Metro's park-and-ride ambitions, the city stands to gain much more. For one, using existing parking more efficiently helps recover the sunk costs of oversupplied parking. For another, underutilized parking can absorb new parking demand, so that future buildings can be constructed with fewer stalls. Developers can build confidently, knowing that tenants can find parking nearby. Municipalities can forgo huge parking structures. To summarize the benefits: Cheaper and more abundant housing (parking stalls take up space and cost upwards of $40,000)
Improved urban livability through better urban design and architecture
Reduced car use and associated climate pollution
More walking, biking, and transit use One concern about allowing shared parking is that it could backfire: developers might build extra parking to sell to people not residing in their building. Seattle's proposal would address that concern by placing a 145-stall cap on shared parking in any one development. It's an improbable scenario anyway, because in urban areas parking costs so much to construct that it's still likely to be a money loser for developers, even counting the extra revenue from sharing.
More recommended reading today: The Natural Resources Defense Council shares a report on how to prevent improvements to transit or walkability from causing residential displacement. And Greater Greater Washington and Seattle Bike Blog are excited about the integration of dockless bike-share data into the Transit App trip planner.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. -- A father of two young girls fought off a gunman during a Craigslist sale at their Virginia home on New Year's Eve.
CJ Harris said they placed an ad on Craigslist after their Pit bull, "Bella," had eight puppies.
They said a man responded to the ad Tuesday and drove to Harris' home to purchase two of them.
"The first time there was no problem," Harris told WTVR. "He gave me the money, then they called me the next day and asked if I had any puppies left." "My baby girl was sitting in the high chair and luckily my wife had picked them up before the shooting commenced," they said. "The bullet went right through the high chair."
Harris explained the man returned to their home, but brought along two other men and a gun.
"They gave me the money and I went into the kitchen put the money in the drawer," they said. "I came back into the living room, they point a gun at me and says, 'We have to have that back.'"
They said their three-year-old daughter was standing just feet away from the gunman in the living room, while their wife and 16-month-old were hiding in the kitchen.
Harris said they then began fighting the man who eventually ran out the door with the puppies while shooting at their family.
"My baby girl was sitting in the high chair and luckily my wife had picked them up before the shooting commenced," they said. "The bullet went right through the high chair."
A bullet grazed Harris along the thigh, but they did not need medical attention. Bullets went through the walls and the refrigerator.
Harris said the shooting was a wake-up call and wanted to warn the public to be safer while organizing online sales.
"Be careful who you invite in your house," they said. "Definitely don't invite anybody in your house through Craigslist and do the sales in public places."
Police said they continue to investigate and search for the suspects.
Results of a new Ipsos poll conducted for NPR suggest Americans may be sending a garbled message when they voice their opinions on taxes.
Back in 2012, Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney's campaign suffered a blow when a tape was leaked of them grousing that 47 percent of Americans don't pay federal income tax. It was one of the biggest gaffes of the presidential campaign, but the poll suggests that many Americans forgot it.
The way Romney characterized those who don't pay federal income taxes is what got them in trouble, but the figure was roughly true. A new poll conducted by Ipsos for NPR, however,shows that a majority think that the share of Americans paying no federal income tax is far lower.
The poll gave respondents four options — 39 percent said that only 11 percent of Americans pay zero or negative income tax, and 31 percent said that only 27 percent pay zero or negative income tax. Only 21 percent got it right — right now, around 45 percent pay no federal income tax.
The poll, released the day before Americans' taxes are due, delved into what Americans know and what they believe is wrong with the U.S. tax code — and what they know is limited and at times contradictory. But this isn't just about pointing out what Americans know and don't know. Rather, there could be important policy implications to Americans' misperceptions about the tax system. For example, this question dovetails with questions about what people think the lowest-income Americans' tax rate should be.
Americans underestimate the share of Americans who don't pay federal income taxes
Given four choices of how many Americans pay zero or negative federal income taxes (11, 27, 45, or 63 percent), fully 70 percent of poll respondents chose the options under the correct answer, which was 45 percent. Some of these people simply have no taxable income, and others get money back as a result of refundable tax credits like the Earned Income Tax Credit. (Of course, these people might pay other taxes, like payroll taxes, as well as whatever sales and property taxes their states impose.)
Two-thirds of Americans believe lower-income people pay too much income tax (with heavy partisan differences — around 8-in-10 Democrats, 6-in-10 independents, and half of Republicans agreed with that statement). In addition, 60 percent of Americans believe taxes should be lowered for people making $49,000 or less (again, with Democrats and independents being somewhat more likely than Republicans to say those taxes should be lowered).
Taking these two ideas together — that people (mistakenly) think very few of their fellow Americans pay zero federal income tax, and that a majority of Americans think low-income people pay too much in income tax — there are a couple of possible conclusions.
One is that if more Americans knew how many others do not end up paying federal income taxes, they would say tax rates should stay the same or even be raised.
Then again, it's possible that Americans nevertheless would think their poorest fellow citizens do need more money, regardless of how the current tax code looks. That might mean they would advocate expanding the EITC or other tax breaks.
When it comes to taxes paid by the rich, things get complicated.
We posed the following statement to people as a true or false question: “For the highest earners, the percent of federal income taxes they pay now is significantly higher than it was in 1980.”
In retrospect, there are multiple ways to interpret this question.
If “percent” is taken as “rate” here, the answer is “false.” In 1980, the top marginal income tax rate was 70 percent. Today, it's 39.6 percent (something about half of Americans know, per our poll).
But if “percent” is taken as “share” here, the answer is “true.” That is, the share of federal income tax revenue that the richest Americans pay has gone up since 1980.
How does that work? As the Tax Policy Center's Roberton Williams explained to NPR, the share of income going to the rich has climbed in a big way over the last few decades.
So how Americans think about this could affect what they think should happen to the top tax rates on the richest. In 1980, the top 10 percent brought in 32 percent of all adjusted gross income, according to the Tax Foundation. In 2013, it was 46 percent. For example, many Americans also believe taxes should be raised on the richest. The top tax bracket starts at $418,400 right now.
The poll shows that 70 percent of Americans believe taxes should be raised on people making $250,000 to just under $1 million, and that 75 percent believe they should be raised on people making $1 million or more.
That's already a sizable majority, but depending on whether people knew tax rates on the richest had indeed fallen (or, alternately, that the rich now pay a higher share in taxes), it could change what they think should happen to those marginal rates. (Of course, it's also possible that historical rates wouldn't affect their views at all.)
Those views differ widely by party; Democrats are much more likely to believe that taxes should be raised on the rich than Republicans.
Americans also appear to have strong views on how people earn their money. We asked people to what degree they agreed with this statement: “The tax rate on income from work should be lower than the tax rate on income from wealth.”
Across the board, regardless of party, Americans agreed — 75 percent said they did, including 77 percent of Democrats, 71 percent of Republicans, and 84 percent of independents.
This is another result that might make the richest Americans squirm. The rich tend to earn their income in a different way from most other Americans. Besides paychecks, many make money from capital gains — income they get from selling investments like stocks. Most of those capital gains are taxed at a rate far below that top income tax rate. (People at any income level of course can have those kinds of investments, but capital gains are overwhelmingly concentrated at the top of the income spectrum.)
The top rate that the highest-income Americans will pay on most capital gains is 20 percent, around half the top marginal rate for ordinary income.
Americans overestimate how important income taxes are to government revenue
About half of the poll's respondents (with very little variance by party) said they believe 75 percent of the federal government's revenue comes from personal income taxes. In reality, it's just under half.
Of all the taxes Americans pay, income tax probably requires the most thought. After all, payroll tax comes automatically out of each paycheck. Sales tax is imposed at the cash register. And so on.
So maybe it makes sense that Americans think all that work they put into filling out their forms ends up doing the lion's share of funding the government.
What else we learned
Beyond all this, there were a few more fascinating findings in the poll.
Phrasing matters. One thing we learned is that using the phrase “death tax” instead of “estate tax” seems to make people more opposed to that tax — but, interestingly, that effect appears to be by far largest among Democrats.
Sixty-five percent of all people said the “estate tax” should be abolished, compared to 76 percent who said the “death tax” should be. However, among Democrats that swing was far larger: only half said they wanted to abolish the “estate tax,” but 71 percent said the same of the “death tax.”
The estate tax affects fewer than 1 in 500 estates. Many opponents of the estate tax — who have tended to be Republicans — use “death tax” as a euphemism. This shows that to the extent that that phrasing helps them, it could be helping them pick people up across the aisle.
On tax policy, views aren't always all that partisan. Democrats are often seen as the party that wants a more progressive system — Hillary Clinton, for example, ran for president in 2016 with a tax plan that would have ramped up taxes for the ultra-rich.
But in our poll, nearly half of Democrats — 45 percent — agreed with the proposition that “federal income taxes should be cut for all income levels.”
Likewise, Republicans — the party that has spoken of “makers” and “takers” — were split roughly evenly on the idea that tax cuts for the wealthy lead to economic growth. (Democrats and independents tended to disagree — that is, to say that tax cuts for the wealthy do not lead to that growth.) Incidentally, it's not at all clear that this is true; one recent comparison of tax rates and growth rates across advanced economies found no strong linkage between the two.
These are only two examples, but they suggest that partisan messaging in Washington on some specific issues doesn't necessarily filter down to Americans.
Americans agree: Taxes are too complicated (but that's no reason to cheat). There are a few more areas where Americans tend to agree across party lines: nearly 9 in 10 believe the tax code is too complicated, three-quarters say it's not OK for people to underreport income on their taxes, and 77 percent say their own personal federal income taxes are too high.
In addition, 72 percent knew that taxes are due on April 18. For those remaining 28 percent, it might be time to file that extension.
The poll was conducted online on April 11-12, with a sample of 1,010 adults age 18 or older. For all respondents, the poll has a credibility interval of plus or minus 3.5 percentage points. The credibility interval is plus or minus 5.7 percentage points for Democrats, plus or minus 6.1 percentage points for Republicans, and plus or minus 8.3 percentage points for independents.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
Oil dropped Friday, contributing to a weekly decline of nearly 5% for the U.S. benchmark, as traders tracked Tropical Storm Nate's path into the Gulf of Mexico and its potential impact on the region's energy infrastructure.
“As we come into the weekend, the market is focusing on the implications of Tropical Storm Nate and how big any disruptions will be” on crude production and refining capacity, said Richard Mallinson, an analyst at consultancy Energy Aspects.
November West Texas Intermediate crude CLZ7, -2.85% fell $1.50, or 3%, to settle at $49.29 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Prices, which saw their lowest finish since mid-September, finished around 4.6% lower for the week, after posting gains in each of the last four weeks.
December Brent crude LCOZ7, -2.42% the global oil benchmark, fell $1.38, or 2.4%, to $55.62 a barrel on London's ICE Futures exchange. The contract ended about 2.1% lower for the week.
U.S. EIA Gulf of Mexico Fact Sheet Gulf of Mexico energy infrastructure and Nate's forecast path
As with Hurricane Harvey in August, the “tendency is for the focus to be more on refinery shutdowns, which is probably more positive for product prices and probably a little bearish for crude prices,” Mallinson said.
But against a backdrop of uncertainty, product prices failed to get a boost. November gasoline RBX7, -3.23% fell 3.3% to $1.559 a gallon, with the contract down 2% for the week, and November heating oil HOX7, -2.24% lost 2.4% to $1.744 a gallon—ending about 3.7% lower on the week.
As of Thursday, nearly 15% of Gulf oil production and more than 6% of natural-gas production was shut in as the region prepares for Nate, according to the Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement.
Meanwhile, oil prices posted gains Thursday as Saudi King Salman and Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow discussed extending Russia's participation in an agreement to cut global crude production.
Read: What Putin and Saudi king's buddy act means for the oil market
“The landmark meeting in Moscow breathed new life into oil bulls” and “buoyed expectations that the two protagonists of a supply pact to curb production will push ahead with an extension through the end of 2018,” said Stephen Brennock, an analyst at brokerage PVM Oil Associates Ltd.
The original deal, struck nearly a year ago between OPEC and 10 other non-OPEC countries, was to cut production by 1.8 million barrels a day for six months. The agreement was extended in May of this year to continue through the first quarter of 2018.
At the same time, there are “a couple of potentially game-changing developments on the horizon for the coming days in geopolitics,” according to analysts at consultancy JBC Energy.
Oil investors are closely watching the fallout over an independence referendum in Iraq's semiautonomous Kurdistan region that could result in the blocking of roughly 500,000 barrels a day in crude sales.
The market is also waiting on President Donald Trump's expected decision next week on whether or not to certify Iran's compliance with the international nuclear deal. Iran is an OPEC member and key Middle Eastern oil producer.
Monthly market reports from OPEC, the Energy Information Administration and the International Energy Agency are also due out next week.
Also on Nymex, November natural gas NGX17, -1.92% declined 2.1% to $2.863 per million British thermal units, losing around 4.8% for the week.
—
Spain's Ángela Ponce will make history as the first trans contestant in this year's esteemed Miss Universe pageant.
The model and beauty queen has already achieved another trans first, taking home the Miss Universe Spain crown on Friday—just in time for the end of Pride Month—according to The Advocate.
Trans women have been allowed to compete in Miss Universe since 2013, when a long-standing ban was overturned.
Donald Trump, then the owner of the Miss Universe pageant, scrapped the trans ban after lobbying by Canadian entrant Jenna Talackova, lawyer Gloria Allred and GLAAD.
Competitors must be women aged between 18 and 27, and unmarried.
Ponce, 25, was delighted with their national win and said they are looking forward to competing in the global contest.
“There is no impossible goal to achieve,” they posted on Twitter this week.
“There's no impossible dream to fulfill. It only depends on our realities.”
Speaking to Spanish newspaper 20 Minutos in 2015, Ponce said they wanted to use their platform as a beauty queen to help educate people about trans issues.
“Society is not educated for diversity, it's what made me go public,” they said.
“I mean, here I am and I'm not weird. I just have a different story, a woman who came to life differently but I'm a woman.”
Fans have congratulated Ponce on their Miss Universe Spain win and wished their luck for the big pageant, which will see them compete in the Philippines against dozens of other beauty queens from around the world later this year.
As well as being judged on beauty and deportment, contestants must answer questions to demonstrate thoughtfulness, culture and manners.
The winner will receive a prize package including cash and beauty products, as well as a one-year contract that involves travelling the world to share messages of peace and public health awareness.
This year's contest will be the 67th Miss Universe pageant.
Reigning Miss Universe Demi-Leigh Nel-Peters of South Africa will crown the 2018 winner.
No hay meta imposible de lograr. No hay sueño imposible de cumplir. Sólo depende de nosotros realidades. 🇪🇸 #missuniversespain2018 #roadtomissuniverse #somosmasdeloqueves pic.twitter.com/62v3outpMM — Angela Ponce-Official (@angelaponceoff) July 1, 2018
Congratulations to @angelaponceoff the first transgender woman to win the Miss Universe-Spain title and will go on to represent their country in the Miss Universe 2018 pageant.https://t.co/ttJbv2PZkr — #LoveIsLove Equality (@TeamLoveIsLove) July 2, 2018
Angela Ponce wins Miss Universe Spain! They will be the first trans woman to compete for Miss Universe on behalf of any country.@angelaponceoff 💙💗💟💗💙https://t.co/WXGZzhoZRu pic.twitter.com/xyZg2rF5Yp — Q. Allan Brocka (@allanbrocka) July 2, 2018
Congratulations @angelaponceoff !! 🎉🌈 Making history by simply being your beautiful self ❤️ https://t.co/lZdHhTRXQX — True To Me. (@truetomelgbt) July 3, 2018
Microsoft and Google have been named as objectors to the ongoing hostile takeover attempt of Qualcomm by smaller rival Broadcom, anonymous sources 'familiar with the matter' have claimed - but Qualcomm is allegedly asking them to keep quiet to see if Broadcom increases its offer.
Broadcom began its attempt to acquire Qualcomm, twice its size, back in November with an unsolicited £98.8 billion buyout offer to include Qualcomm's ongoing acquisition of NXP Semiconductor. Qualcomm took just a week to reject the offer as undervalued, but that was far from the end of the story: Earlier this month Broadcom put forward a list of names for the Qualcomm board, the first move in an attempted hostile takeover which would see the acquisition pushed through by a friendly board of directors. Qualcomm, naturally, was disgusted at the move - but sources are claiming the company isn't quite willing to burn its bridges just yet.
CNBC (auto-play video warning) cites 'people familiar with the matter' as claiming that Microsoft and Google have both approached Qualcomm about the acquisition attempt with concerns that rival Apple could hold undue influence over the resulting combined company and that Broadcom's legacy of cost-cutting could harm Qualcomm's future research and development plans. For Microsoft, the risk is particularly stark: The company has only recently signed a deal with Qualcomm to have its system-on-chip processors at the heart of soon-to-launch Windows 10 on Arm laptops and convertibles.
Qualcomm, though, is claimed by these same sources to have urged Microsoft, Google, and others approaching it with their concerns against making any public statements - because, it is alleged, the company is waiting to see if Broadcom increases its offer before fully rejecting the possibility of an acquisition or merger.
Naturally, none of the parties involved in proceedings have been willing to comment publicly on the claims.
MidAmerican Energy will file plans today with the Iowa regulator for its 591MW Wind XII complex in the US state.
The project, which will cost $922m, is scheduled for completion in late 2020 if approved by the Iowa Utilities Board.
Related Stories MidAmerican nears Iowa start line
03 May 2018
New lines to unlock Iowa wind
02 Apr 2013 MidAmerican said Wind XII combined with the previously announced Wind XI scheme and repowering projects will make the company the first investor-owned utility in the US to generate renewable energy equal to 100% of its customers' usage.
Wind XII will create over 300 construction jobs and another 28 full-time positions for operations and maintenance once operational, it said.
The company is currently exploring potential wind farm sites in Iowa and will announce locations prior to constructing each project.
The new wind farms will create on average $6.9m a year in property tax and almost $5.6m in annual landowner easement payments.
MidAmerican president and chief executive Adam Wright said: “Wind XII will transform our 100% renewable energy vision from a bold dream into a reality.
“Wind XII is a clear demonstration of our commitment to and investment in the cleaner, more sustainable energy future our customers want and our environment deserves.”
MidAmerican added that it will continue to use its natural gas, nuclear and coal-powered plants to ensure security of supply in times of low wind.
Image: MidAmerican Energy
Almost 48 hours after racist violence engulfed Charlottesville, Va., President Trump called out white nationalist groups by name. Trump's remarks on Monday follow criticism that their initial statement about the clash of protesters did not condemn racist groups specifically.
"Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans," the president from the White House.
Trump began their remarks talking about their economic accomplishments and plans for trade negotiations before turning their attention to the events over the weekend in Virginia and expressing sympathy for the three people who were killed. Heather Heyer, 32, died after a car rammed into a group of counterprotesters. Two Virginia State Troopers, Pilot Lt. H. Jay Cullen and Trooper-Pilot Berke M.M. Bates, died when their helicopter that was patrolling the event crashed.
Trump said that the Department of Justice had opened a civil rights investigation into the car attack.
"To anyone who acted criminally at this weekend's racist violence, you will be held fully accountable. Justice will be delivered," the president said.
But for many, the president's condemnations may be too little too late. Their initial statement on Saturday, claiming that the clashes were a result of "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides" was quickly criticized by many top Republicans for not calling out the white supremacists, alt-right, Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups who began the protests against the removal of a statute of the Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
The White House put out an unsigned statement on Sunday morning, saying that, "The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together."
Vice President Pence went further than the president, telling reporters Sunday night while traveling in Colombia, "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
San Francisco chef Kathy Fang's Southern Fried Buttermilk Chicken is a crowd-pleaser at any time of year, but especially on Super Bowl Sunday, when hosts are looking for easy, delicious fare that won't chain them to the kitchen. (Courtesy Kathy Fang)
Lil Yachty set sail in the waters of MTV's TRL on Thursday.
After Migos, Playboi Carti and Lil Uzi Vert had their shots, Lil Boat got their chance to take over New York City's Times Square. They performed “Forever Young” off their Teenage Emotions debut. The melodic Atlanta artist later returned for the song that started their rise to fame, “1 Night.” The visit to TRL came a few hours before Lil' Yachty debuted the music video for “On Me” featuring Young Thug.
Fasho Thoughts:
Nobody does it like Lil Yachty.
How long can they get away with calling themselves the “King of the Youth”?
TRL‘s first week has been very hip-hop heavy — can we expect the trend to continue after the premiere week buzz dies down?
CINCINNATI (AP) — Congressman Jim Renacci selected a former Procter & Gamble executive and Cincinnati councilwoman as their running mate Monday in the Ohio gubernatorial race.
Renacci, a Wadsworth Republican, and Councilwoman Amy Murray will run under the slogan: “Back 2 Business, Not Business As Usual.”
Murray, 53, spent 15 years as a leader in Asian business development at P&G, the Cincinnati-based consumer products giant. They have since formed their own consulting firm, Japan Consulting Group.
The Mount Lookout resident was first elected to Cincinnati City Council in 2013.
Murray's addition to the ticket adds gender and geographic diversity to Renacci's ticket as they face two better known establishment rivals in the state's GOP primary: Lt. Gov. Mary Taylor and Attorney General Mike DeWine, who recently married their campaign to that of gubernatorial rival Jon Husted, the secretary of state.
The bellwether state's Republican governor, John Kasich, is term-limited and unable to seek re-election.
A vocal detractor of President Donald Trump, Kasich has continued to preach bipartisanship and political pragmatism despite their defeat in last year's presidential election.
Renacci, one of the wealthiest members of Congress, has modeled their campaign after Trump's, promoting themselves as a political outsider after just seven years in Congress and one who could bring their success in business to the governor's office.
The 70-year-old DeWine, among Ohio's best-known politicians, has been in public service nearly all of their adult life, including as lieutenant governor and U.S. senator. The 51-year-old Taylor is a CPA who assumed their first state-level elective office in 2003.
Renacci has labeled their foes “career politicians” and “Columbus fat cats.” Murray is considered more establishment-aligned than Renacci and they have remained largely quiet on the issue of the fractious politics of the Trump administration.
They could use their ties to Cincinnati's deep-pocketed donor base to boost Renacci's campaign, which is largely self-funded, so far.
Power outage—two words that keep or wake you up at night. Rather than tossing and turning or imagining disaster scenarios, prepare for power outages by assessing the risk in your power architecture and protecting critical systems to lessen the impact of short duration events. To ensure you are prepared to take action in the event of an outage, it's best to understand which systems are at most risk. For reference, we've created an example of a risk assessment grid using an average hospital environment.... More
Bollywood celebrities applaud Indian under 19 cricket team for lifting the world cup, celebrities like Amitabh Bachchan Shah Rukh Khan and many others have congratulated the Indian team for their world cup victory against Australia in New Zealand they have defeated Australia by eight wickets to claim the victory.
Celebrities like Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan and Farhan Akhtar among many others have congratulated the Indian Under 19 team for lifting the ICC U19 World Cup for a record fourth time.India defeated Australia by eight wickets to claim the ICC U19 World Cup in New Zealand on Saturday. Here's what the celebs have tweeted: Amitabh Bachchan: Yeah! India Champions! Under 19 world cricket champions. The only nation to have won four times! Amazing! Well done India U19 cricket, you have given us such pride and joy.
Shah Rukh Khan: Wow. What a proud moment for young India. Well done little ones… May you keep conquering the world. Suniel Shetty: Out numbering their age with their scores! A team trained by ‘The Wall' had to stand tall! What a glorious win team Under 19! Kudos Rahul Dravid. Farhan Akhtar: Congratulations team India. Well played. Well deserved. And a special mention for Rahul Dravid who is giving back to the game like a true champion.
Arjun Kapoor: We are the champions! Congrats under 19 team India for this amazing victory. Vivek Anand Oberoi: Congrats team India under 19 and the amazing Rahul Dravid. So proud of you! Unbeaten champs through the tournament! Four world titles a record we are all so proud. Adnan Sami: Huge congratulations to team India for becoming U19 Cricket World Champions!! Mighty Proud! Raveena Tandon: Under 19 World Cup our young boys in blue waved the Bharat Army flag dedicating their win to Indian Army! Awesome gesture! S.S Rajamouli: Congratulations India U-19 team for winning the World Cup for the 4th time. Fantastic. So elated that both the senior team and U-19 team have the best fast bowling attacks. Saiyami Kher: World champions! What a dominating performance by team India… Incredible! Prithvi Shaw congratulations to you and the boys! Rahul Dravid you genius. Thank you.
A nine-year-old boy has had half of their BRAIN removed to treat a rare disease which caused them to suffer up to 15 seizures a day.
Logan Curtis was struck down by Rasmussen's Encephalitis, which caused cells in their brain to swell.
The only cure for the rare neurological disease was to remove the affected cells in a complex 14-hour hemispherectomy procedure.
As a result, he's lost some of the mobility in the left side of their body, but has been allowed home to recover with their family.
Their aunt Nikita Downes, 29, said: “He just takes one day at a time and we don't know the long term effects.
“He can't move properly and has limited mobility in their left hand side of their body.
“He loves firefighters, the police and all animals. They do want to be a police officer but unfortunately they won't be able to do things like that.
“His condition is just so rare we don't know what's going to happen in the future.
“But he's come so far to survive such a major operation, it really does feel like a miracle to have them home with us.”
Logan, from Clacton-on-Sea, Essex, was previously healthy until they were diagnosed with the rare form of epilepsy in 2013.
They became seriously ill, suffering up to 15 seizures a day.
Logan underwent the operation at Great Ormond Street Hospital in London in June when surgeons removed half their brain.
Despite the seriousness of the operation. the youngster came round just 48 hours after surgery and was out of hospital within a week.
They have since spent nine weeks at an epilepsy rehabilitation centre in Lingfield, Surrey, where they underwent a number of treatments including physiotherapy, osteotherapy and schooling to help aid their recovery.
Their mother, Tammy, 46, and other family members took it in turns to stay with Logan throughout their residential stay.
But they're now taking one day at a time as they see what the future holds.
Their family, including siblings Romany-Blu, two, Mason-Lee, ten, Nicole, 16, Whitney, 19, and Curtis, 23, have arranged a special welcome home party for him.
Nikita added: “We're going to throw a big party with a BBQ bouncy castle and face-painting.
“We're even trying to get hold of a petting zoo – it'll be a fun day.
“We're hoping the firefighters will come with the search and rescue dogs along too, the police too.
“It's a big thing for this little boy. They really have done so well with the operation so it's all what they want.
“He knows quite a lot of people and he's excited and he's much looking forward to it.”
Category: News
Birdman is the latest celebrity to join Complex‘s Joe La Puma for some Sneaker Shopping. The Cash Money bossman talks all about their favorite sneakers growing up, the classic Cash Money style, and their deal with Lugz. They also give big props to Reebok, saying that they're the brand to put their hometown of New Orleans on the map.
The CEO also discloses why they always make sure to stay away from Lil Wayne and Drake's sneaker deals, even though they are their artists.
Take a look at the whole episode below:
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Manhunt continues for Steven Stephens. Details at zhiphopcleveland.com A post shared by @z1079 (@z1079) on Apr 17, 2017 at 3:49am PDT
Cleveland police have issued an aggravated murder warrant for a man accused of shooting and killing another man on E. 93rd St. in Cleveland and posting the video on Facebook.
The video of the shooting was not broadcast live, as widely reported. It was recorded and then uploaded to Facebook by Stephens, according to a Facebook spokesperson. In a statement, the spokesperson said the shooting was a “horrific crime.”
Warning: Explicit content:
The shooting happened on Easter Sunday around 2 p.m. The suspect, Steve Stephens, also claimed to have committed multiple other homicides. That information has not been verified by police.
Police said Sunday night Stephens may have now left the state and they are warning residents of Pennsylvania, Indiana, Michigan and New York to be on alert.
Stephens shot and killed 74-year-old Robert Godwin Sr. Sunday on East 93rd Street. Read more details at news5cleveland.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
RICHMOND, Ind. (AP) — Indiana University will offer six weeks of paid parental leave for certain employees, both male and female, beginning July 1.
The Herald-Times reports President Michael McRobbie announced the new benefit Friday during the IU Trustees meeting in Richmond.
Eligible will be all staff employees working at least 30 hours per week who have been continuously employed in a benefits-eligible position for at least one year prior to the birth or adoption of a child. If both parents are eligible IU staff members, both are still entitled to six weeks of paid leave.
Staff employees do not have to take all six weeks at once but must use it within six months of the birth or adoption. They can use the benefit twice during their IU tenures.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
LUX Golden Awards: Kareena Kapoor, Katrina, Alia, Madhuri, Sridevi
Sunday indeed turned out to be a glittery affair! A bevy of Bollywood beauties turned up at the Lux Golden Rose Awards 2017 held in Mumbai last night.
Shahrukh Khan, Deepika Padukone, Katrina Kaif, Alia Bhatt... you name the Bollywood bigwigs and they were there! It was a night to remember, for sure! A couple of B-town actores performed at the event and of course, there had to be felicitation!
We bring you all the hottest looks from the event along with the winners list. Scroll down to read more...
Deepika Padukone The actor chose a metallic gold dress with puffy sleeves for the evening. Katrina Kaif Kat looked stunning in a a Reem Acra off-shoulder gown for them with sequins all over the top. Kareena Kapoor Khan Bebo can never go wrong when it comes to dazzling red carpet looks! Alia Bhatt A bright red dress for the damsel! Madhuri Dixit Nene Mads made us go 'dhak-dhak' with that black dress with a thigh high slit. Sridevi The diva looks straight out of a fairy tale here! Juhi Chawla She's still gotta' charm. Jacqueline Fernandez The leggy lass chose to go traditional in a Tarun Tahiliani cream saree. Bhumi Pednekar They pull off the satin maroon dress so flawlessly! Taapsee Pannu Jacqueline's 'Judwaa 2' co-star decided to give them some company. Mouni Roy Uff...we just can't take our ways off her! Lovely Ladies Pooja Hegde, Yami Gautam, Urvashi Rautela, Diana Penty and Zareen Khan too made their presence felt. Pooja Hegde They looked a vision in white! Sushant Singh Rajput And Kartik Aaryan Men in Black! A Dapper SRK We never need to find reasons to love this man!
Meanwhile, here's the list who won it big last night...
Charismatic Beauty of the Year: Katrina Kaif
Emerging Beauty of the Year: Zaira Wasim
Power-Packed Beauty of the Year: Sridevi
Breakthrough Beauty: Tapsee Pannu and Bhumi Pednekar
Timeless Beauty: Madhuri Dixit
Versatile Beauty of the Year: Alia Bhatt
Legendary Beauty: Juhi Chawla
Unstoppable Beauty of the Year: Deepika Padukone
#IAmMoreThanYouCanSee Award: Kareena Kapoor
A lawyer said it was wrong that a man alleged to have been subjected to racial abuse by children had been charged with assaulting one of them after grabbing them by the scruff of the neck.
Solicitor David Matthews said their client, a man of good character and an upstanding member of the community, should have been cautioned.
The boy who had delivered foul racial abuse at their client had got away Scot-free, they said.
Magistrates agreed the case against Ensa Beyai, 41, of Maydor Avenue in Saltney Ferry, should be adjourned so Mr Matthews could make representations to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
Mr Matthews said they would take the case to the highest level of the CPS if necessary.
Magistrates said they would list the case in three weeks' time without a plea being taken and they hoped “common sense would prevail”, adding that if Beyai was cautioned in the meantime then that would be the end of the matter.
Beyai is charged that on June 16 in Chester Road, Saltney Ferry, that they assaulted a boy aged 15.
Mr Matthews said their client was a man of good character who had lived in Saltney Ferry for several years and it had not been easy for them because of their ethnic origins.
“He has often suffered abuse at the hands of local children,” they said.
On the day in question they were the target of unpleasant racist abuse from a group of schoolboys at a bus stop in Saltney Ferry.
“He crossed the road to remonstrate with the children and grabbed one of them by the collar. That is the prosecution allegation against him.”
At the police station they admitted grabbing them by the collar. “There is no allegation that they struck the boy or used inappropriate language towards him,” said Mr Matthews.
Someone had decided that it was in the public interest to prosecute him.
Racial abuse was wrong and inappropriate and the courts had been in the forefront in trying to ensure it did not happen in the area, said Mr Matthews, and their client should not be criminalised for what they had done. They would lose their good name and their future prospects would be affected.
“It is wrong that they should be prosecuted for common assault. If they had struck them then that would be different,” they said.
While Beyai lived locally they had had travelled for the hearing from Watford where they were employed.
Their wife lived at Saltney Ferry and had to live “with this sort of thing”.
They and their wife had since the offence been to a school to speak to the headteacher and an announcement from the morning assembly was to take place that such behaviour was unacceptable.
Prosecutor John Wylde said a senior prosecutor was aware of the allegations and they had taken the view that they should be prosecuted.
“We are involved in an assault on child, involving taking hold of him,” they said.
The defendant pulled them by the scruff of the neck, it was alleged, and another adult saw fit to speak to Beyai about the way they were behaving and talking to the young person.
Whatever the provocation, it could not justify taking the law into their own hands, particularly when the complainant was a boy of 15.
Mr Wylde said they were prepared to speak to the police about a possible caution but for a caution to be administered the defendant would have to admit what they had done.
Mr Matthews said their client accepted what they had done. They had grabbed the boy by the collar. They knew it was not acceptable and if they had their time again they would do it.
They should have gone immediately to the police where they would have been treated as the victim instead of being portrayed as the perpetrator, they said.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Apolong buses are not fitted with a steering wheel
One of China's biggest technology companies has declared it has begun mass production of a self-driving bus.
Baidu made the announcement after building its 100th Apolong vehicle at its factory in the country's south-eastern Fujian province.
It said the vehicles would initially be put to commercial use within Chinese cities but added it was also targeting foreign markets.
The company is one of several competing to sell "level-4 autonomy" buses.
The classification - set by the transport engineering body SAE International - refers to highly automated driving systems that can cope with most driving conditions, even if a human fails to respond appropriately to a request to intervene.
It is one step below the maximum level-5 tier, which extends to all driving scenarios, including dirt roads and unusual weather conditions.
Baidu's chief executive, Robin Li, detailed its plans at the company's annual artificial intelligence developer conference in Beijing.
Image copyright Baidu Image caption The Apolong is about a third of the size of a normal bus
They said: "2018 marks the first year of commercialisation for autonomous driving.
"In the past, China exported cheap commodities to the world. In the future, China will export AI technology to the world."
Softbank deal
The Apolong bus can seat up to 14 people, and has been developed with a local vehicle manufacturer.
It has no driver's seat, steering wheel or pedals.
It runs on electric power and can travel up to 100km (62 miles) after a two-hour charge, at up to 70km/h.
Baidu envisages it being used for "last-mile" drop-offs within enclosed areas, such as airports and tourist sites.
The company said partners would soon put it to use in Beijing, Shenzhen, Wuhan and other Chinese cities.
Image copyright Softbank Image caption Softbank says it intends to run the Apolong buses on Tokyo's public roads
It added that a deal with Japan's Softbank Group could also bring the vehicle to Tokyo's roads.
In a separate Japanese-language press release, Softbank said it intended to start using 10 Apolongs for "demonstration tests" within Japan by early 2019.
Softbank's self-drive subsidiary, SB Drive, had previously bought several self-drive shuttle buses from a rival operation - the French start-up Navya.
It demonstrated their use in level-3 mode - where a human is expected to take control if required - at Tokyo's Haneda Airport in February.
Image copyright Softbank Image caption Softbank tested a bus it had bought from Navya at an airport earlier this year
Navya's self-drive buses have also been put to use by others at Paris's Charles de Gaulle airport, London's Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park, and the streets of Las Vegas.
Other companies, including France's Easymile, Australia's Intellibus and South Korea's KT, have developed autonomous buses of their own.
One academic suggested that in the near-term, such vehicles had a greater chance of public acceptance than self-drive cars.
"Any vehicle that can be deployed in a well-organised and controlled environment and that can be controlled and regulated by authorities... is more likely to be the starter for this sort of technology, than ones which will be provided to [a single] member of the general public, who would not necessarily be closely monitored," said Prof Natasha Merat, from the University of Leeds' Institute for Transport Studies.
The Power 20 Countdown
Fridays 4-6pm
04/14/17
(1) 1. LOST IN THE MOMENT-NF-Three Weeks!
(2) 2. OUT OF THIS WORLD-FAMILY FORCE 5
(3) 3. CHANGE THE WORLD-DEREK MINOR
(4) 4. LIGHTS SHINE BRIGHT-TOBY MAC
(7) 5. CAN'T LIVE WITHOUT-HOLLYN
(5) 6. THERAPY SESSION-NF
(6) 7. THE RESISTENCE-SKILLET
(8) 8. FREE-TEDASHII
(9) 9. BLESSINGS-LECRAE
(10) 10. GET DOWN GET DOWN-KJ 52
(11) 11. STOP ME-CHRISTON GRAY
(12) 12. POP OUT REVENGE-SOCIAL CLUB MISFITS
(13) 13. BEST OF ME REMIX-JORDAN FELIZ
(15) 14. HOW GOOD-SOCIAL CLUB MISFITS
(16) 15. DANGEROUS-BUILT BY TITAN
(14) 16. INFINITE-BUILT BY TITAN
(17) 17. NAH BRUH-KJ-52
(20) 18. ALL THE MONEY-BRITT NICOLE
(*) 19. CLOUDS-TRIP LEE
(*) 20. DIFFERENT DRUM-BLANCA
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A total of 33 Labour MPs have so far put their names to a motion insisting Russia did carry out the poisoning of former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and their daughter, Yulia.
It's a clear challenge to Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn , who has insisted it's still not clear who is responsible for the nerve agent attack in Salisbury - and suggested "Russian mafia-like groups" could be involved.
West Midlands MPs signing the Commons motion include Ian Austin, Labour MP for Dudley North; Adrian Bailey, Labour MP for West Bromwich West, and John Spellar, Labour MP for Warley.
Their motion states that the group of MPs "unequivocally accepts the Russian state's culpability for the poisoning of Yulia and Sergei Skripal in Salisbury using the illegal novichok nerve agent which has also led to the serious illness of Detective Sergeant Nick Bailey who went to their rescue, and to the possible poisoning of other members of the emergency services and public as yet unknown."
And it "fully supports the statement made by the Prime Minister on 14 March 2018 in response to Russia's illegal attack on the UK."
It's a contrast with the position taken by Mr Corbyn. Writing in the Guardian on Thursday, they said the idea that the Russian state was responsible was just one possibility.
They said: "Either this was a crime authored by the Russian state; or that state has allowed these deadly toxins to slip out of the control it has an obligation to exercise.
"If the latter, a connection to Russian mafia-like groups that have been allowed to gain a toehold in Britain cannot be excluded."
And they suggested more evidence was needed before a conclusion could be reached. Mr Corbyn said: "To rush way ahead of the evidence being gathered by the police, in a fevered parliamentary atmosphere, serves neither justice nor our national security."
Backbench Labour MP Chris Williamson, an ally of Jeremy Corbyn, has described Labour MPs signing the motion as "political enemies".
They were speaking earlier in the week when just 18 Labour MPs had signed the motion. HuffPost UK reports they criticised Conservatives, and added: "Regrettably we have a few on our own benches who are like-minded, 18 of them have signed an Early Day Motion (EDM) saying they unequivocally accept Russia are responsible for the attack.”
Mr Williamson is reported to have told a meeting of Momentum, an organisation which supports Jeremy Corbyn: "It would definitely be helpful, I think, for our own people on the green benches to actually fall in behind the leader's very statesmanlike and measured response.
“It only helps our political enemies. But frankly I see them as political enemies as well.”
They suggested the MPs should be deselected, which would mean they were barred from standing as Labour candidates at the next general election.
“I have been advocating for a long time now for mandatory re-selection.
“We mustn't allow the tiny minority of irrelevant malcontents that sit on the green benches on the House of Commons to deter party members.”
U.S. Senator Dean Heller (R-NV) announced earlier Monday that Las Vegas would receive $5 million grant through the Urban Areas Security Initiative program, part of the Department of Homeland Security, to help with protection measures against terror attacks.
According to Senator Heller's officer, the grant increased $2.13 million from 2017.
“This is nearly double the amount in funding that Las Vegas received last year," Heller said. "For years, I have pushed the Department of Homeland Security to reconfigure its formula so that Las Vegas receives adequate funding to preempt and protect against threats.”
The senator's office said Heller had repeatedly urged the DHS to rearrange the USAI grant program and reassess the “Risk Profile” for Las Vegas.
Heller said that a piece of legislation that boosts USAI funding was recently signed by President Donald Trump.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The battle rounds begin tonight on The Voice 2018 and each of the four judges' teams have been chosen. During the battle rounds, contestants are pinned against each other within their teams, leaving just one singer, out of each duet, to move forward. The coaches also have the ability to steal cast-offs from the battles and add them to their teams. Get to know more about each of the coaches and the advisers who have joined season 14.
Hailee Steinfeld
Hailee Steinfeld has made a name for themselves as both an actor and a singer. Many know them from the films True Grit and The Edge of Seventeen. On the music side of things, they are known for their song “Let Me Go,” which was a collaboration with Alesso, Florida Georgia Line and Watt, as well as their single “Most Girls”. Them tour with Charlie Puth kicks off this summer 2018.
Kelly Clarkson has brought Steinfeld on board as an adviser to their team this season and, in an interview with Billboard, Steinfeld revealed that Clarkson helped to inspire their music career. Steinfeld explained, “I was so excited when they invited me to advise their team, because what they didn't know was that they were a huge influence on me when I was younger … When Kelly was on American Idol my parents surprised me and my brother with tickets to the show. I just remember looking at my dad and having them tell me that one day I would be on that stage too. It was one of those moments that reinforced my dream of pursuing music.” When dishing on what they have learned from Clarkson, Steinfeld said that they have learned to recognize those moments when it is okay to add embellishments in a song.
Shawn Mendes
Singer and heartthrob Shawn Mendes has joined Alicia Keys' team to help out the contestants. Mendes is known for their hits “There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back”, “Stitches” and “Treat You Better”. Mendes has also dabbled in acting and in recent months, they were romantically linked to Hailey Baldwin, but they currently appear to be single.
Trace Adkins
While Blake Shelton is a country music icon, so is their guest adviser this season, Trace Adkins. Some of Adkins' most notable hits include “Ladies Love Country Boys”, “(This Ain't) No Thinkin' Thing”, “Honky Tonk Badonkadonk”, and “You're Gonna Miss This”. Adkins has also tried their hand in some acting and voice-over work. Not to mention, they were the 2013 winner on The Star Celebrity Apprentice and broke a record of raising the most money on the show, at $1,524,072 for the American Red Cross.
According to E! News, Shelton and Adkins are longtime friends, and they also have a song together, titled “Hillbilly Bone.” In past seasons, some of Shelton's advisers have included fellow Voice coach Kelly Clarkson, Clarkson's mother-in-law Reba McEntire, Brad Paisley, Sheryl Crow, Michael Buble, Bette Midler, their buddy Luke Bryan, and even girlfriend Gwen Stefani, who is also a former Voice judge.
Julia Michaels
Singer Julia Michaels is on Adam Levine's team as an adviser to their batch of artists. Michaels actually started out as a songwriter for big music stars, including Selena Gomez, fellow Voice adviser Hailee Steinfeld, Demi Lovato, Fifth Harmony, and Gwen Stefani. Then, in 2017, Michaels made their singing debut with their hit single “Issues.” Most recently, Michaels was the opening act for music artist Shawn Mendes' Illuminate World Tour.
Construction to make one local road safer will start soon.
Maxon Road is considered one of the most dangerous roads in McCracken County because of its narrow lanes. The county's fiscal court decided Monday to accept an contract with Jim Smith contracting.
A pre-construction meeting is scheduled for next week to discuss the project with the contractor, designers and anyone else involved.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, who was held captive by the Taliban for half a decade after abandoning their Afghanistan post, is expected to plead guilty to desertion and misbehavior before the enemy, two individuals with knowledge of the case said.
Bergdahl's decision to plead guilty rather than face trial marks another twist in an eight-year drama that caused the nation to wrestle with difficult questions of loyalty, negotiating with hostage takers and America's commitment not to leave its troops behind. President Donald Trump has called Bergdahl a "no-good traitor" who "should have been executed."
The decision by the 31-year-old Idaho native leaves open whether they will return to captivity for years — this time in a U.S. prison — or receive a lesser sentence that reflects the time the Taliban held them under brutal conditions. They say they had been caged, kept in darkness, beaten and chained to a bed.
Bergdahl could face up to five years on the desertion charge and a life sentence for misbehavior.
Freed three years ago, Bergdahl had been scheduled for trial in late October. They had opted to let a judge rather than a military jury decide their fate, but a guilty plea later this month will spare the need for a trial.
Sentencing will start on Oct. 23, according to the individuals with knowledge of the case. They weren't authorized to discuss the case and demanded anonymity. During sentencing, U.S. troops who were seriously wounded searching for Bergdahl in Afghanistan are expected to testify, the individuals said.
It was unclear whether prosecutors and Bergdahl's defense team had reached any agreement ahead of sentencing about how severe a penalty prosecutors will recommend.
An attorney for Bergdahl, Eugene Fidell, declined to comment on Friday. Maj. Justin Oshana, who is prosecuting the case, referred questions to the U.S. Army, which declined to discuss whether Bergdahl had agreed to plead guilty.
"We continue to maintain careful respect for the military-judicial process, the rights of the accused and ensuring the case's fairness and impartiality during this ongoing legal case," said Paul Boyce, an Army spokesperson.
Bergdahl was a 23-year-old private first class in June 2009 when, after five months in Afghanistan, they disappeared from their remote infantry post near the Pakistan border, triggering a massive search operation.
Videos soon emerged showing Bergdahl in captivity by the Taliban, who ruled Afghanistan in the years before the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks and harbored al-Qaida leaders including Osama bin Laden as they plotted against America. For years, the U.S. kept tabs on Bergdahl with drones, spies and satellites as behind-the-scenes negotiations played out in fits and starts.
In May 2014, they were handed over to U.S. special forces in a swap for five Taliban detainees at the Guantanamo Bay prison, fueling an emotional U.S. debate about whether Bergdahl was a hero or a deserter.
As critics questioned whether the trade was worth it, President Barack Obama stood with Bergdahl's parents in the White House Rose Garden and defended the swap. The United States does not "leave our men or women in uniform behind," Obama declared, regardless of how Bergdahl came to be captured. The Taliban detainees were sent to Qatar.
"Whatever those circumstances may turn out to be, we still get an American soldier back if he's held in captivity," Obama said. "Period. Full stop."
Trump, as a presidential candidate, was unforgiving of Bergdahl, who has been assigned to desk duty at a Texas Army base pending the outcome of their case. At campaign events, Trump declared that Bergdahl "would have been shot" in another era, even pantomiming the pulling of the trigger.
"We're tired of Sgt. Bergdahl, who's a traitor, a no-good traitor, who should have been executed," Trump said at a Las Vegas rally in 2015.
Bergdahl's guilty plea will follow several pretrial rulings against them that had complicated their defense. Army Col. Jeffery R. Nance, the judge, decided in June that testimony from troops wounded as they searched for them would be allowed during sentencing, a decision that strengthened prosecutors' leverage to pursue stiffer punishment.
Some of Bergdahl's fellow soldiers want them held responsible for any harm suffered by those who went looking for him. The judge ruled a Navy SEAL and an Army National Guard sergeant wouldn't have found themselves in separate firefights if they hadn't been searching.
The defense separately argued Trump's scathing criticism unfairly swayed the case. The judge ruled otherwise. Nance wrote in February that Trump's comments were "disturbing and disappointing" but didn't constitute unlawful command influence by the soon-to-be commander in chief.
Bergdahl's lawyers also contended that misbehavior before the enemy, the more serious charge, was legally inappropriate and too severe. They were rebuffed again. The judge said a soldier who leaves their post alone and without authorization should know they could face punishment. The misbehavior charge has rarely been used in recent decades, though there were hundreds of cases during World War II.
Defense attorneys don't dispute that Bergdahl walked off their base without authorization. Bergdahl themselves told a general during a preliminary investigation that they left intending to cause alarm and draw attention to what they saw as problems with their unit. An Army Sanity Board Evaluation concluded they suffered from schizotypal personality disorder.
The defense team has argued that Bergdahl can't be held responsible for a long chain of events that included decisions by others about how to retrieve them that were far beyond their control.
___
Associated Press writer Jonathan Drew in Raleigh, North Carolina, contributed to this report.
Nordstromrack.com | HauteLook achieves sub-second image load times for its 6.5 million monthly online visitors
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Fastly today announced general availability of the Fastly Image Optimizer, one of three services launched today on Fastly's edge cloud platform. The platform empowers the world's most popular online brands to manage and deliver secure, fast and personalized digital experiences as close to end users as possible. The Fastly Image Optimizer is a real-time image manipulation solution that dramatically speeds up image delivery by serving pixel-perfect, bandwidth-efficient and device-specific images from the edge.
Nearly 40 percent of visitors will leave a website if images won't load properly or take too long to load, meaning that a second delay can result in a lost customer or reader. Fastly's Image Optimizer is ideal for e-commerce, publishing and other content-driven brands whose customers expect reliable, real-time online experiences. Fastly's edge cloud platform automatically detects key details including device, browser and geolocation, and the Image Optimizer dynamically creates image variations on demand. This also allows businesses to deploy custom image optimization rules instantly and tap into real-time analytics to see the impact on customer experiences.
Nordstromrack.com | HauteLook is one of the Image Optimizer's earliest users. With 6.5 million monthly web visitors and an online inventory of 70,000 products and over 1.5 million images per year, they rely on fast and customizable image optimization to deliver a high quality, personalized customer experience. They overloaded their previous provider, and a manual workflow process made it challenging to continuously deploy and test images without degrading customer experience. With Fastly, Nordstromrack.com | HauteLook has achieved sub-second image load times for improved customer experiences.
"As an ecommerce site, we rely on high-quality images. Customers won't buy anything unless they can see it -- they need to know a product looks good before they click the 'buy' button. So, the better the quality, the better chance of conversion," said Herman Radtke, VP of Engineering at Nordstromrack.com | HauteLook. "With Fastly, we can serve any sort of image quickly and tailor it to the customer's device so it looks great, giving us the best odds of turning that customer into a buyer."
"Today's leading online brands face the daunting task of keeping pace with their customers' changing expectations," said Chuck Neerdaels, SVP of Engineering at Fastly. "Our Image Optimizer is the latest addition to Fastly's edge cloud platform, which equips online brands with the scalability, control, and advanced capabilities they need to create exceptional customer experiences."
Additional Benefits of the Fastly Image Optimizer include:
Real-time Customization: With real-time logs and analytics, businesses gain instant visibility into how users are interacting with images on a website or mobile app. Businesses can then fine-tune customized configurations instantly to make adjustments to image transformation rules.
With real-time logs and analytics, businesses gain instant visibility into how users are interacting with images on a website or mobile app. Businesses can then fine-tune customized configurations instantly to make adjustments to image transformation rules. Mobile-Readiness: With 45k different mobile device profiles today, there are an infinite number of optimization demands across screen sizes and types. The Fastly Image Optimizer ensures businesses are prepared to optimize for rapidly changing image requirements.
With 45k different mobile device profiles today, there are an infinite number of optimization demands across screen sizes and types. The Fastly Image Optimizer ensures businesses are prepared to optimize for rapidly changing image requirements. Scalability: Unlike legacy CDN solutions, the Fastly Image Optimizer can be deployed instantly and scaled on demand because it dynamically generates all device-specific image variations at the edge, closest to users.
Unlike legacy CDN solutions, the Fastly Image Optimizer can be deployed instantly and scaled on demand because it dynamically generates all device-specific image variations at the edge, closest to users. Reduced Infrastructure Cost: By caching more static image content at the edge than other competitive offerings, the Fastly Image Optimizer reduces origin load, storage and egress costs. Companies can store one source file instead of thousands of versions.
To learn more about Fastly's Image Optimizer, visit: https://www.fastly.com/image-optimization.
About Fastly
Fastly helps the world's most popular digital businesses keep pace with their customer expectations by delivering fast, secure, and scalable online experiences. Businesses trust the Fastly edge cloud platform to accelerate the pace of technical innovation, mitigate evolving threats, and scale on demand. Founded in 2011, Fastly powers online destinations including Airbnb, GitHub, Alaska Airlines, Pinterest, Vimeo, The Guardian, The New York Times and Ticketmaster. Learn more at Fastly.com and follow us on Twitter @fastly.
Some top Facebook executives have donated money to lawmakers serving on the two intelligence committees that are investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election.
In February of this year, according to federal election filings, chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg gave $2,700 to Democratic Sen. Martin Heinrich. In May, they donated $2,700 to Democratic Sen. Mark Warner, the ranking member of the intel committee.
In April of this year, Elliot Schrage, the vice president of communications and public policy, donated $1,000 to Heinrich and $2,700 to Warner.
And in March of this year, chief security officer Alex Stamos donated $2,700 to both Reps. Will Hurd and Eric Swalwell, who are a Republican and Democrat respectively and serve on the House intel committee. They also donated $2,500 to Heinrich in February.
The donations aren't particularly big and are somewhat isolated — there are 41 total lawmakers serving on the committees combined. All three executives have given politically prior to this year and this isn't the first time that the executives have given to some of these lawmakers. (Sandberg last donated $2,600 to Warner in 2014 and Schrage contributed $1,000 to their campaign in both 2014 and 2016. Stamos donated $2,700 to Swalwell in 2015 and $2,700 in 2016.)
But Facebook and other tech giants like Google and Twitter are also dealing with increased scrutiny over the platforms handled political advertising and misinformation during the 2016 campaign.
A spokesperson for Facebook referred BuzzFeed News to the company's political engagement report which says, “Facebook employees may participate in personal political activities, on their own time and with their own funds. Employees must keep such activity separate from work and never represent that such activities are being conducted on behalf of Facebook.”
A spokesperson for Rep. Swalwell said that they knew Stamos before they began working for Facebook and noted that he's contributed to Swalwell in the past. Offices for other senators and representatives did not respond immediately for comment.
Just this week, Facebook turned over a cache of ads purchased by a Russian troll farm to congressional investigators. Schrage authored the company's public statement on those ads, and Stamos is heading up the internal investigation into the matter. Both Facebook and Twitter have said they will testify at an upcoming open Senate intelligence committee hearing, though neither CEO Mark Zuckerberg nor Sandberg are expected to participate. Stamos is a likely alternative, according to a report from CNBC.
Sandberg in particular has a long track record of donating to Democrats and publicly supporting candidates like Hillary Clinton. In this cycle, for instance, they have given to four other Democratic candidates who do not serve on intelligence committees (primarily Sen. Claire McCaskill, who faces a difficult re-election bid in 2018). They also wrote a $25,000 check to Women Vote!, a project of EMILY's List, which supports pro-choice Democratic candidates.
Schrage has also given to Democrats in the past, and the DSCC and the DCCC in 2017, as has Stamos, which was noted by the Free Beacon earlier this week.
Warner is not up for re-election until 2020. In a press conference Wednesday, they called for stronger regulations for political ads appearing on social media sites and has joined Sen. Amy Klobuchar sponsoring a bill to disclose more information about political advertisements and their sponsors.
“I was concerned at first that some of these social media platform companies did not take this seriously enough,” Warner told reporters at the press conference. “I believe they are recognizing that threat now.”
By Danny Cox
The AFC Championship Game was almost two weeks ago, and the New England Patriots suffered a small handful of injuries during that contest that seemed quite concerning. With that much time between the conclusion of that game and Super Bowl LII, the hope was that most of the injuries would heal up and that the majority of the roster would be in playing shape to face the Philadelphia Eagles.
Little did anyone expect for the New England Patriots to have a Super Bowl injury report without a single player listed.
That's right. For the first time all season, the Pats have not a single person listed on their injury report as late on Friday afternoon; they've removed every single player. Earlier in the week, there were a handful of names on it and some who were dealing with some rather serious issues, but everything seems to have been cleared up.
Earlier in the week, the Patriots had four players listed on the injury report and all of them have healed up in the exact same timeframe. They were limited in practice on Wednesday, practiced in full for the first time on Thursday, and were completely removed from the list as of Friday.
The biggest name was obviously that of tight end Rob Gronkowski, who suffered a concussion after taking a very hard hit to the helmet against the Jacksonville Jaguars. On Tuesday, Gronk said that they were feeling much better and they expected to be cleared and removed from the NFL's concussion protocol at any moment, but Wednesday came and went without change.
This brought about a bit of concern as the Super Bowl was drawing ever closer and the Patriots knew that playing without Gronk was becoming a bigger possibility. On Thursday, though, the star tight end was cleared and participated fully in Thursday's practice.
One of the other big worries of New England coaches was cornerback Malcolm Butler, who was battling an illness that came with flu-like symptoms. It was actually quite serious and they did not fly out to Minnesota with their teammates on Monday, as they didn't want to get any of them sick. They stayed behind in Massachusetts and went to the hospital a number of times, but they were never admitted overnight. By Wednesday, Butler was practicing in a limited capacity and ready to go full-speed on Thursday.
Defensive back Brandon King (knee) and defensive lineman Deatrich Wise (concussion) were the other two players on the injury report at the beginning of the week, but they also improved enough to practice fully on Thursday. On Friday, they were practicing at full-speed once again and removed from the injury report.
It is quite unheard of for an NFL team to have an empty injury report at any point in a season, and that includes Week 1. Still, here are the New England Patriots with a clean slate and a totally healthy team as they prepare to face the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII on Sunday.
Out:
None
Doubtful
None
Questionable
None
Probable
The College of Southern Nevada campuses are undergoing a massive construction project to provide state-of-the-art amenities for students.
College officials announced the addition of new student union buildings at all three CSN campuses including the North Las Vegas, Henderson and West Charleston locations on May 3. The student union buildings will house amenities such as food courts, large and small meeting rooms, study space, courtyards, student government offices, advising offices and more, a release said.
Exciting day at CSN as they break ground for the new student unions going up on all three campuses! ??@CSNCoyote pic.twitter.com/PQOpz9pt51 — CSN Athletics (@CSNCoyotes) May 3, 2018
Students are more likely to stay on campus since they have a place to study, hang out with friends or just be themselves, CSN acting president Margo Martin said.
The $80 million construction project, funded through student fees that were voted on and approved by students, is expected to be completed by fall 2019.
Take a look at the renderings of the student union construction plan below:
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The following is a list of candidates who have filed for Peoria County offices in the 2018 election. All offices are four-year terms except those otherwise specified.
County Sheriff
Brian Fengel, Democrat
Peoria
Brian Asbell, Republican
Brimfield
County Auditor – 2 Year Unexpired
Alan Paredes, Republican
Peoria
Jessica Thomas, Democrat
Peoria
Emily A. Rotherham, Democrat
Peoria
County Clerk
Robert S. (Steve) Sonnemaker, Democrat
West Peoria
County Treasurer
Nicole Demetreas, Republican
Dunlap
County Board District 2
Junior Watkins, Democrat
Peoria
County Board District 4
Andrew Alan Rand, Democrat
Peoria
County Board District 6
Allen Mayer, Democrat
Peoria
Brett J. Beachler, Republican
Peoria
County Board District 8
Phillip “Phil” Salzer, Democrat
Peoria
County Board District 9 – 2 Year Unexpired Term
Kate Pastucha, Democrat
Peoria
Dave LaHood, Republican
Peoria
County Board District 10
Robert D. Reneau, Democrat
Peoria
Matt A Shane, Republican
Peoria
County Board District 12
(Leslie) Rachel Reliford, Republican
Peoria
County Board District 14
Brian J. Elsasser, Republican
Princeville
County Board District 16
Brad E. Harding, Republican
Trivoli
Matthew L Windish, Republican
Brimfield
County Board District 18
Jeffrey J. Braun, Democrat
Mapleton
Paul E. Rosenbohm, Republican
Peoria
County Regional Superintendent of Schools
Beth (Crider) Derry, Democrat
Peoria
Peoria Public Schools District 1
Martha Ross
Peoria
New year, same old finances.
Only about one in four Americans (27 percent) say they will make a financial resolution this year — an all-time low and down from the 43 percent who vowed to do so in 2014, according to data released Monday from financial company Fidelity.
“While the market has reached all-time highs this year, financial new year's resolutions have slipped to an all-time low,” said Ken Hevert, senior vice president of retirement at Fidelity. “Part of the reason these resolutions are on the decline is because so many people are feeling better about their personal financial situation and are optimistic about what 2018 will bring.”
This comes at a time when more of us than ever may need financial resolutions: Credit card debt hit a record high in 2017, with more than $1 trillion being owed, according to the Federal Reserve. Student loan debt has jumped 150 percent over the span of just a decade. And we're not saving much either. About 1 in 4 Americans don't have a single dollar saved for an emergency.
Plus, resolutions are an effective way to combat financial troubles. Fully 58 percent of those who made financial resolutions in 2017 say they're in a better financial situation now than previously and 53 percent say they're in less debt, according to Fidelity.
In other words, America, almost all of you should be making financial New Year's resolutions. Here are some of our favorite apps that can help you spend less and save more, two of the more popular resolutions.
If you want to save money, without having to think about it too much
When you make a purchase, Qapital lets rounds off your spare change to the nearest dollar and then puts that money into your savings. Digit figures out how much you should set aside for savings each day and then automatically saves it for you, plus gives you 1 percent cash back annual on your savings.
If you want to finally stick to a budget
The old standby Mint works well, dividing your spending into categories and figuring out how much money you can reasonably spend; plus it now offers you a free credit score. Other options include You Need a Budget (YNAB) and Wally.
The tournament concludes once the finals take place at 6:30 p.m. Saturday.
» The main event: After months of dramatic duals and competitive tournaments, the entire wrestling season comes to a head this Thursday-Saturday at the Pepsi Center in Denver.
Highland will try to complete its perfect regular season when it travels to Longmont to take on Twin Peaks Charter (1-8, 3-12) at 7 p.m. Friday.
The Huskies are 10-0 in Class 2A Mile High League play, 18-0 overall after beating Denver Christian on Tuesday.
» Still perfect: With only one game left in the regular season, the Highland boys basketball team is still without a loss.
Time flies by when you're winning state titles.
Just ask Morgan Friesen.
Friesen, Windsor's All-American swimmer, swam in the final meet of their famed high school career Saturday as the Class 4A Girls Swimming and Diving Championships concluded at Edora Pool Ice Center in Fort Collins.
It's far from the last meet of their competitive swimming career, though.
But, as Friesen prepares to begin their four-year college career at the University of Louisville, they were almost in amazement while thinking about how quickly their four years of high school have gone.
“It has gone by so fast,” Friesen said last week, just a few days before the state meet. “It's just been so much fun swimming for that (Windsor) team. I'm going to miss it so much — the girls, the school and everything that has to do with what Windsor Wizards swimming is about.”
No doubt, it seems like far fewer than three years ago when Friesen was bursting upon the scene as a first-year student with uncanny talent, determined to taste gold right away rather than bide them time.
Since diving into the pool donning a Windsor swimsuit for the first time in 2013, they have earned enough accolades to last a lifetime, even though their preps career has seemingly gone by in a flash.
As hard-working as they are naturally talented, the humble yet personable Friesen has taken their rightful place as easily one of the best swimmers in Weld County history and one of the state's top swimmers in recent history.
They own the all-classification state record in the 100-yard breaststroke (1 minute, 1.9 seconds), recording the mark as a sophomore in the 2015 state meet. They won their fifth and sixth individual titles on Saturday, defending their titles in the breaststroke (1:03.72) and the 200-yard individual medley (2:06.55).
They wrap up their high school career with nine All-American performances at a state meet, seven automatic All-American performances.
Friesen's prep career was like a blur, albeit a decorated and eventful one. It was almost as much of a blur as Friesen themselves when they zip past their competition in the pool.
However, the next chapter will be anything but. It will resemble more of a marathon then a sprint.
The next four years, she'll compete for Division I conference and national titles. Every four years in which they continue to compete, she'll contend for spots on the United States Olympic teams.
In the blink of an eye, Friesen has made an impact like few others on the local girls swimming scene.
Now, with eyes wide open, she'll look to do the same on the national scene.
Bobby Fernandez covers county schools sports for The Tribune. Reach them at (970) 392-4478, by email at bfernandez@greeleytribune.com or on Twitter @BobbyDFernandez. Listen to them at 11:35 a.m. each Tuesday and 6:35 p.m. each Wednesday on 1310 KFKA.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) — A man was taken to the hospital after an ATV crash in Dayton.
It happened near the intersection of Rip Rap Road and Powell Road just after 1 a.m. on Monday.
Authorities say a 26-year-old man crashed and suffered a shoulder injury.
The man was taken to Miami Valley Hospital, where they are expected to recover.
Investigators say the man was wearing a helmet.
The cause of the crash is under investigation.
GLENDALE, AZ - Arizona twins are going to have a unique story to tell for the rest of their lives after they were born in different years.
Holly and Brandon Shay weren't expecting their boys to arrive for another few weeks, however, they were shocked when Banner Hospital in Glendale admitted them on New Year's Eve.
After six exhausting hours of labor, their first son, Sawyer, was born at 11:51 p.m.
“I wanted to make sure they were OK, and they had to keep reminding me that I had to push," Holly said.
Just one minute after midnight on January 1, 2017, their second baby, Everett, was born.
The boys who previously shared nine months in the same space won't be sharing a birthday -- or even their birth year.
“I think Sawyer might give their brother a hard time,” Brandon said. “I think it's mostly going to be Sawyer teasing Everett over them being the eldest.”
The Phoenix (6-4) led 10-2 at the end of one quarter and 23-14 at the half, but nine turnovers in the third period allowed the Grenadiers (7-3) back into the contest. IUS also made 6-of-13 field goals in the third quarter after posting just four baskets in the entire first half.
Kyra Tucker and Kaitlin Oliver, who combined for 27 points and 12 rebounds along with four assists and four steals for the Phoenix, each posted field goals and Tucker added a free throw before a layup by Micah Norris put Cumberland ahead, 30-22, in the third period.
Indiana-Southeast scored 10 of the next 13 points starting with a 3-pointer from Ashley Johnson. Lauren Camm's triple and two free throws from Madi Woods pulled IUS within 33-32 with 21:10 left in the quarter, the closest the Grenadiers had been since the first minute of the contest.
Oliver connected on 1-of-2 free throws for CU and added a layup before two fouls shots by Carli Codner-Pinto pushed the lead to 38-34 at the end of three quarters.
Katherine Griffith scored to open the final period for the Phoenix and a 3-pointer from the left wing by Tucker, their second of the contest, extended the advantage to 43-34. Johnson and Annie Thomas scored for the Grenadiers to cut the deficit to five, but Ant'Treasia Patton rebounded their own miss for a basket, Cydney Goodrum hit two foul shots and Oliver added another field goal, making it 49-38 with just over five minutes to play.
Baskets by Josie Hockman and Jenna Shine got IUS within seven, but Cumberland scored six straight points to put the game away, including a layup by Goodrum, Oliver's old-fashioned 3-point play and one foul shot from Goodrum.
Tucker led the Phoenix with 15 points, six rebounds, two assists and two steals and Oliver netted 12 points with six boards, two assists and two steals. Norris added eight points, six caroms and four steals and Goodrum posted 10 points off the bench.
Thomas placed the Grenadiers with 13 points despite missing some of the third period with a busted nose and Johnson collected 10 points. Each team committed 22 turnovers in the contest.
The Phoenix scored the first eight points of the game, four baskets by four different players, before the Grenadiers finally got on the board with two free throws by Camm at the 4:56 mark of the opening period. IUS missed its first five shots and committed three turnovers before the foul shots and did not make a field goal in the first quarter at all, going 0-for-10.
Cumberland did not score for almost five minutes after taking the 8-0 lead, recording four turnovers and five missed shots before a streaking layup by Norris down the right side with just over a minute left in the period. CU held a 10-2 advantage at the end of 10 minutes, with the teams combining to hit just 5-of-26 shots with 11 turnovers in the quarter.
Patton's jumper pushed the CU lead to 12-2 in the first minute of the second period and the Grenadiers finally got on the board with a 3-pointer from Thomas at the 9:09 mark. Johnson's baseline jumper cut the IUS deficit to 12-7, forcing a timeout by the Phoenix.
Neither team scored for more than three minutes, committing a combined six turnovers with seven missed shots before Tucker's jumper 5:05 before intermission ended the drought. Baskets by Norris and Goodrum extended the CU advantage to 18-9, but Woods nailed a triple for IUS just with over a minute left in the period.
Tucker answered with their own 3-pointer and then made a fadeaway 15-footer with the shot clock running down in the last 10 seconds, putting Cumberland ahead, 23-14, at the break. Tucker led all scorers with nine points while Norris posted six points and five rebounds.
Indiana-Southeast made only 4 of 25 shots from the field in the half and had 10 turnovers, though CU was just 11-for-31 overall with nine miscues.
Cumberland will play host to Talladega College on Monday at 6 p.m. and play Huntington University at the Dallas Floyd this coming Saturday at 1 p.m.
William Carey snaps men's three-game winning streak
HATTIESBURG, Miss. — William Carey put together a 17-9 run in the last four-plus minutes of the game and Cumberland made four trifectas in the final 48 seconds but it wasn't enough dropping a 65-57 decision to the Crusaders on Saturday in Hattiesburg, Miss.
Cumberland committed just eight turnovers and added seven steals in the opening half and a basket by Ryan Townes in the final seconds sent the Phoenix into the half tied at 26.
Both teams rallied back-and-forth to start the second and a basket by Diondrey Holt Jr., was quickly responded with a layup by the Crusaders (6-2). Four points in a row for the Phoenix (6-4) pulled them ahead 34-32 at the 15 minute mark.
A trifecta by Quinton Williams regained the advantage for William Carey but a combined effort behind the offense for Cumberland with baskets by Townes and Will Shelton and a triple by Holt Jr., sent the CU ahead, 41-37.
Over the next two-plus minutes the Crusaders only scored two more points while the Phoenix tacked on four more by Shelton to lead, 44-39 with 10:36 remaining. Five points from Jared Tillman and two free throws by Jaylen Moore tied the score at 48 with just under five minutes remaining.
The Crusaders put together a 17-9 run in the final four minutes of the game, and Cumberland netted three trifectas in the last 48 seconds cutting the deficit to eight, 65-57.
Andrew Rogan finished the game with 15 points and Holt Jr., added 13 points, four steals and four rebounds.
William Carey's Moore collected a double-double recording 16 points and 13 boards and Williams tallied 12 points on the night.
WCU opened up the game with four unanswered points but a layup by Holt, Jr., ended the streak and a 9-1 run for the Phoenix tied the score at nine. Two points by Jamarri Johnson regained the lead for William Carey but Trenton Perry netted a three-pointer to pull the squad ahead by one, 12-11.
Moore and Cleveland scored the next six points for the Crusaders but Cumberland made a comeback tacking on eight points to jump ahead, 20-19 with four-plus minutes left in the half.
WCU netted back-to-back three-pointers but a basket by Townes with 25 seconds remaining sent the Phoenix into the half tied at 26.
Cumberland scored 21 points off of Crusader turnovers and shot 34 percent from the field. Both teams made five baskets from behind the arc.
The Phoenix will take on host Lee University for an exhibition game on Tuesday 7 p.m. before traveling to Tuscaloosa, Ala., to play Stillman College on Thursday.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
GRAY, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – Free lunches will be available for kids in Jones County starting next week.
The Jones County School Nutrition Program is teaming up with the Jones County Parks and Recreation Department to provide the meals for students for a few weeks during the summer.
- Advertisement -
Kid ages one to 18 will have to eat their free meal at Wells Elementary school in order for organizers to properly plan and count the meals being provided.
The program is from 11 AM to 2 PM from June 4th to July 27th.
A school bus will be available to pick up and drop off students in the Wells Elementary and Clifton Ridge school zones.
Here are the ways you can find meal sites available for students.
A nascent Silicon Valley stock market that wants to nudge investors to think long-term took a step toward bringing its vision to Wall Street.
IEX Group Inc. filed for U.S. regulatory approval to let Long-Term Stock Exchange Inc. test a set of listings standards favoring buy-and-hold investors, according to a filing Monday. The experiment would take place on IEX's Investors Exchange, allowing companies listed there to label themselves “LTSE Listings on IEX” and letting them transfer to LTSE once it opens.
LTSE could be years away from opening its own market. Securing this approval from the Securities and Exchange Commission would be a shortcut letting LTSE start experimenting with its unusual set of rules -- but only once IEX actually opens its listings business. IEX had wanted to do that as early as last October, but has faced setbacks. One of the biggest public advocates of IEX, billionaire casino owner Steve Wynn, recently stepped down from their company Wynn Resorts Ltd. after sexual misconduct allegations against them were publicly reported. He'd signaled they wanted to move Wynn's stock to IEX.
Read more about Silicon Valley's audacious plan to create a new stock exchange
Eric Ries, LTSE's chief executive officer, first floated the idea of a long-term stock exchange in the epilogue of their best-selling book “The Lean Startup” in 2011. They said the partnership with IEX is a step forward for the business.
“This is the culmination of years of work behind a theme so we're insanely proud to get to this point,” Ries said in a phone interview.
LTSE says its ultimate vision is to create a new stock market that eschews quarter-to-quarter thinking, giving long-term investors more power and building trust between companies and their major stakeholders. The company's early investors included venture capitalist Marc Andreessen, technology evangelist Tim O'Reilly and Aneesh Chopra, the former chief technology officer of the U.S. under President Barack Obama.
The filing marks the first time LTSE's listing standards have been made public. The rules fall into five categories: requirements for the corporate board, special long-term disclosures, executive compensation standards, voting structure and other miscellaneous rules that focus on cultivating long-term shareholders.
Companies would be required to have a board committee devoted to ensuring long-term growth. No less than 40 percent of director compensation needs to be stock-based and tied to long-term periods. A mandatory “Long-Term Growth Strategy” must be disclosed, defining what long-term means for each company's own purposes. Companies must disclose how much they're investing in research and development, and must adopt and publish policies on sustainability and diversity in their businesses.
Investors hold stocks for shorter periods now, according to a study cited in the filing, down to an average of about eight months in 2015 from about eight years in 1960. Another study said 80 percent of financial officers of public companies said they would give up long-term value creation initiatives like research and development to avoid missing quarterly targets. That climate makes it less attractive to go public, LTSE argues.
“We are excited to bring more choices to market for companies, and proud to ease the path for more innovation,” Brad Katsuyama, CEO of IEX, said in a statement.
The recent collapse of the top precious metals shouldn't be a surprise if you read my previous Gold & Silver update in November, where I called for the upcoming “storm” after the “calm.” In this post, I'll share with you the updated charts of both metals.
I changed the order of the charts, and this time I would start with silver as it reached the first decision point ahead of gold.
Chart 1. Silver Daily: First Target Reached
Chart courtesy of tradingview.com
Silver has a strong bearish structure as the red long-term trendline keeps the pressure on silver. The second leg of consolidation within the black parallel channel lacked power as the price couldn't reach even the top of the first leg established in October at the $17.47 per oz. It stalled at the $17.39 per oz. and then collapsed for more than a half of a dollar to check the consolidation support.
After a small pause, bears could seal the deal to break below support, and this naturally triggered an immediate reaction from the market as the price was smashed by ongoing selling pressure. Last Thursday, silver hit the first support area around the $15.60 per oz. Highlighted in the previous chart losing almost $2 from the top established in November.
If you visually compare the drop before the consolidation and the recent collapse, you can see that these moves are almost equal. And therefore the small bounce last Friday was quite natural as established markets pause after a good move. Another factor pointing at the coming correction is the depth of the loss. Silver has lost more than 10% from the top as gold has scored only -4% and the white metal could wait for the yellow one to catch up in this area.
I highlighted the Flash Crash low on the chart at the $14.39 per oz. as the next level of support, the last time strong demand emerged at this level. The full retracement will be reached at $13.65 per oz. and these two supports could offer a strong buying area (blue rectangle), which could reverse the price to the upside.
The invalidation point was moved lower to the top of consolidation at $17.39 per oz. Amazingly, it coincides with the downtrend's resistance. Magic geometry appears on the market again and again.
Chart 2. Gold Daily: Double Support Was Cracked
Chart courtesy of tradingview.com
The second leg of the consolidation (black parallel channel) in gold was also weaker than the first leg like on the silver market. The top of the channel was untouched as the price of gold couldn't overcome the psychological level at the $1300 per oz. The price action within the black channel was similar to silver's behavior as price, also checked the support of the consolidation first and only then it finally cracked the double support (black and blue) below the $1265 per oz.
Gold bears didn't hurry as another $43 still separate them from the next level of support at the $1205 per oz. Friday's candle has a small body of just $2 amid the $10 overall height. It means that the market is going to take a pause. This could either be the pullback to the broken support or a small consolidation before another attack to the south.
The added support level at the $1122 per oz. Together with the bottom price at the $1046 per oz. (blue rectangle) could catch the drop and push the price to the upside.
The nearest resistance was set lower now to the $1300 per oz.
Last December both metals enjoyed the Santa Claus Rally and this year there is no clue of that as yet. In December of 2015, there was no rally, but the market had built the reversal area then. Let's see if this year is different.
Are you hoping for a precious metals Santa Claus Rally? Yes
No View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Intelligent trades!
Aibek Burabayev
INO.com Contributor, Metals
Disclosure: This contributor has no positions in any stocks mentioned in this article. This article is the opinion of the contributor themselves. The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice. This contributor is not receiving compensation (other than from INO.com) for their opinion.
TWO Tweed residents are on the adventure of a lifetime.
Experienced sailors Pat Miller and Bill Fenelon flew to Auckland over the weekend as part of a consortium to take over ownership of the former navy dive tender vessel HMNZS Manawanui.
The vessel, which had been decommissioned by the Royal New Zealand Navy, was handed over to the Major Projects Foundation, of which the Tweed sailors are members, on Monday, with the crew due to begin sailing it back to Newcastle, Australia, where it will undergo a total refit.
The HMNZS Manawanui. Contributed
Once completed, the vessel will be ready to begin their new life conserving maritime heritage and helping Micronesian communities.
"It's the classic friend of a friend story," Mr Miller said before departing.
"Demolition company Major Projects tendered for the vessel on behalf of a group of sailing mates with no real expectation of winning it.
"Bill Fenelon (now master of the vessel) and myself (crew member) were swept up in the project through our love of the sea and thirst for playing with big grey things that once went 'bang'."
But Mr Miller said the foundation, who the local lads are donating their time and skill to, had a serious project in mind.
"Throughout the south Pacific there are over 3000 shipwrecks in various stages of corrosion," they said.
"The group of mates had known of this for some time and have been working with researchers worldwide to determine how much oil is left. With that came the realisation that the threat to reefs and island state economies could be enormous. So the Major Projects Foundation was born to undertake the research and counter the threat."
Photos View Photo Gallery
The Tweed sailors will be joined by a crew of 15 experienced sailors who will drive the shop home.
Once refitted, the former HMNZS Manawanui (which translates as 'Big Heart') means will undertake a shake-down voyage up the Queensland coast before engaging with researchers and oceanographers in earnest.
But Mr Miller, who lives at Byrrill Creek and drove the marketing of this year's Murwillumbah Art Trail, lamented they would not be able to get the ship under the Condong Bridge for a visit to Murwillumbah as part of the festival next year.
"All the other bridges might be a problem too," they said.
With just over four months remaining until the start of the 2018 World Cup in Russia, Telemundo released a stirring World Cup ad that will make the United States' failure to qualify all the more painful.
Wizz Air's Nov-2017 order for 72 A320neos and 74 A321neos made it the number one European airline group by number of aircraft orders. With a total of 282 aircraft on order, Wizz Air's first place contrasts with its 13th place in the list of European airline groups by current fleet in service.
Airline groups, such as Wizz Air, Turkish Airlines and Norwegian, whose ranking by orders outstrips their ranking by aircraft in service are typically those that are growing rapidly. By contrast, airline groups such as Air France-KLM have a lower ranking by orders than by aircraft in service, indicating slow growth.
This report delves into the CAPA Fleet Database, first to compare Europe's fleet with other regions by total aircraft in service and on order (Europe is fading); then to look at the ranking of leading airline groups by current fleet and by orders (traditional business models are fading, relatively).
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On pinterest Share On pinterest
Share On facebook Share On facebook
@Antikaratel's VK account says they are based inside the Russian-backed so-called People's Republic of Luhansk in eastern Ukraine.
They have been attacking Bana's mother's Twitter account since the beginning of the year.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
LENEXA, Kan. — A motorcyclist has suffered critical injuries Wednesday afternoon after a crash in Lenexa, officials say.
The crash, which happened near East 83rd Street and Woodland Drive, involved a motorcycle and a car. Police have not said what caused the crash yet.
A woman riding the motorcycle was taken to a nearby hospital with serious injuries.
Lenexa police said both eastbound and westbound traffic on 83rd is being diverted. Police said drivers should expect delays in the area for a couple of hours.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
Message: * A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18oyi
— Hundreds of people are expected to gather Monday to honor the life and sacrifice of a Moore County soldier who was killed in Aghanistan earlier this month.
Army Spc. Christopher Harris died along with Jonathan Hunter in a suicide bombing in the country. Harris, of Jackson Springs, was a paratrooper with the 82nd Airborne Division.
Harris' wife shared that the couple was trying to get pregnant before they were deployed, and they recently learned they are in the early stage of pregnancy.
Visitation will take place from noon until 1:30 p.m. at the Jernigan Warren. A procession will then travel to the cemetery on Murchison Road in Spring Lake.
A graveside service with full military honors is scheduled to begin at 2 p.m.
On social media, supporters were asked to line the mile-long entrance of the cemetery with American flags.
"The state has the responsibility to fund these programs and not bounce their budget on the backs of the counties," said County Supervisor Dianne Jacobs. NBC 7's Katia Lopez-Hodoyan has more on what could happen to healthcare programs in San Diego after Obamacare is repealed.
The debate over repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, is heating up across the nation.
In San Diego, county leaders fear changes made from Washington could end up affecting the local budget.
Throughout San Diego County, cuts to health programs and services could add up to more than $100 million, according to County Supervisor Dianne Jacob.
“As far as Covered California, based on what happens in Washington with changes in Obamacare, [locally it could be] $75 million in cuts,” says Jacob.
Some of the services help people with mental health issues. They also help the disabled and elderly.
“In Home Supportive Services, an estimated $25 million [could get cut],” Jacob said.
Jacob said that includes house cleaning services, transportation services--it could be just going to the grocery store and doing things to help people so they can live in their homes.
They added they fear political tension between President Donald Trump and Governor Jerry Brown could end up hurting San Diego County.
“Egos need to be set aside. political bickering needs to be set aside,” Jacob said. “A solution to this very serious problem, which could affect the lives of a lot of people, is needed. They need to sit down and talk and work it out and come to some kind of compromise."
They added, “the state has a responsibility to fund these programs and not balance their budget on the backs of the counties. They've done it before, they've tried it before and they're gonna try it again. We will not let them get away with it."
As budget and health care talks go back and forth, local Representative Darrell Issa, (R-Calif.) has put forth a health plan to replace Obamacare.
It's called the Access to Insurance for All Americans.
He's gotten a lot of push back from some of their constituents who fear the issue is more about politics than healthcare.
The Republican Party promised to replace Obamacare, but it hasn't publicly laid out a specific plan.
But San Diegans who depend on that coverage fear their coverage will get dropped.
Issa insists that through their health care plan, that won't happen, adding that their plan would ultimately lower premiums.
“Americans deserve to have a plan they know, and that they can trust at a price level that they can afford,” Issa said, through a written statement to NBC 7.
The statement, read, in part:
“Americans shouldn't have to settle for Obamacare. [My Health Plan] The Access to Insurance for All Americans Act, would help ease the transition to ensure that in repealing Obamacare, people do not go without coverage and can have access to better options. We don't want to repeat the same mistakes of the Democrats who bumped millions of Americans off the healthcare plans they knew and liked. And we certainly don't want to make the same blunder the Democrats did when they promised a plan that would reduce costs, yet only seems to have sent premiums soaring.”
Supervisor Jacob says several counties in California have raised concerns over possible budget cuts to their health care services. County leaders plan to voice their concerns before the revised budget is put forth by Governor Brown in the month of May.
Does anyone know how to fix network comedies? Everybody knows that the television comedy series is in a sad state. But no one seems to know how to fix it. This fall's crop of sitcoms has all but...
Grading TV's new fall shows: the early winners and losers We're only one month into the new TV season — an eternity in this dog-eat-dog environment. Early on, it's already apparent that several new shows have energized the prime-time landscape,...
‘Bad Judge' Walsh courts their wild side Kate Walsh made an indelible impression when they were introduced as Addison Montgomery, McDreamy's (Patrick Dempsey) estranged wife on “Grey's Anatomy.” Lithe, elegant and sophisticated, they were the perfect contrast...
'Bad Judge' role comes naturally to Kate Walsh “I can slam that gavel, no problem,” Kate Walsh says. “I just have this inner rage that comes out. I've never had a problem faking authority. There's something that's felt...
As Gambia's new president Adama Barrow settles into their new role, they are also taking steps to resuscitate international ties cut off by their predecessor Yahya Jammeh, including membership to the International Criminal Court and the Commonwealth of Nations.
The tiny West African nation has now formally informed the United Nations that it is reversing its request to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, made by Jammeh last October.
The new government issued a statement announcing its reversal on state television, Reuters reported. "As a new government that has committed itself to the promotion of human rights ... we reaffirm The Gambia's commitment to the principles enshrined in the Rome Statue of the International Criminal Court," the government said.
Jammeh's withdrawal from the ICC had not yet taken hold — according to the terms of the Rome Statute, a state's withdrawal goes into effect a year after initial notification.
At the time, Gambia had accused the court of being biased against Africans, with one government minister going so far as to describe it as the "International Caucasian Court," as The Two-Way reported. Gambia, like South Africa and Burundi, accused the court of ignoring crimes of non-African nations and took steps to withdraw late last year. Here's more from our previous reporting:
"Every person tried by the ICC since the treaty creating it was adopted in 1998 has been African. "Other war crimes trials have been carried out by ad hoc tribunals created after a specific conflict, such as those created for Yugoslavia and Cambodia, or for the Nuremberg trials conducted after World War II."
Clément Capo-Chichi, Africa regional coordinator with the Coalition for the International Criminal Court, told The Associated Press that the move is a "crucial victory for victims of grave crimes and the rule of law."
Barrow's road to the presidency was extremely tumultuous. In December's presidential election they defeated Jammeh, the leader of the Gambia for 22 years. But then Jammeh refused to step down, eventually resulting in West African military troops crossing Gambia's borders. After Barrow was sworn into office in neighboring Senegal, Jammeh eventually succumbed to massive international pressure and left the country.
They fled to Equatorial Guinea – incidentally, a country that is not a member state of the ICC.
Now, the new Gambian government is also receiving high-profile diplomatic visits and pledges of international support.
U.K. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson paid Barrow a visit Tuesday, which the BBC describes as "the first to the Gambia by a British foreign secretary." On the agenda: Gambia's request to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations, an international organization comprised of 52 nations that were once British colonies.
The former leader pulled Gambia out of the Commonwealth in 2013, according to a statement from the organization. Now, a Commonwealth spokesperson said it welcomed the move: "We looked forward to the country's eventual return because it was part of our very close knit family and our doors have always remained open."
The European Union has also declared a "new chapter of relations with The Gambia." It froze assistance nearly three years ago, according to the BBC. But last week, EU Commissioner for International Cooperation and Development Neven Mimica traveled to the Gambia and announced a $79 million package of immediate support.
Jammeh had a dismal human rights record. Barrow appears to be taking steps to change that pattern. As Reuters reported, "police opened their first investigation on Monday into unresolved deaths and disappearances under Jammeh."
In a recent press conference, Barrow also stated that they intend to convene a Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address human rights violations of their predecessor.
They were also candid about the scope of obstacles they face: "There was a government here for 22 years. 22 years is a long time. And we are able to change the government after 22 years, so obviously there will be a lot of challenges. To look at all the system, and make a complete overhaul. I think that is a big challenge to my new government."
SIXTY Bunnings Warehouse representatives from around New Zealand travelled to Edgecumbe College last week to bring the school's horticulture block back to life.
Horticulture teacher Maritz van Niekerk says the gardening block was hit hard during the April flood.
“It was not nice to see the water over the top of the plants and everything covered in silt. We lost a heap of stuff.”
Deputy principal Rene Otto says following the flood, Bunnings Warehouse representatives had been in frequent contact with the school and asked what area had been heavily affected.
“The horticulture block was unusable. A lot of the [equipment] was gone and we lost the plants the kids planted,” Rene says.
Bunnings Warehouse provided everything for the reconstruction, including tools, soil and compost and plants and timber. Twelve raised plant boxes were built at the site and many gardens were tidied and replanted.
A new drainage system was also installed as, during the flood, the previous system failed and the water didn't drain.
Maritz says the students did some work in preparation including painting working areas and shade houses and sowing seeds.
They say Bunnings Warehouse's support at the school was overwhelming. “We see how much the community and businesses value us.”
haylee.king@whakatanebeacon.co.nz
Photos: Arsenal training ahead of Middlesbrough game
Arsenal brings the Premier League's Easter fixture schedule to a close this evening as they take on Middlesbrough in what is the Gunners' second successive Monday night game.
Arsene Wenger and their players will be hoping to fare better than they did in last week's 3-0 defeat to Crystal Palace at Selhurst Park when they travel to the Riverside Stadium this evening.
Ahead of the game, there was time for some final work on the training ground at London Colney on Easter Sunday.
2:23 One arrest as protesters block DeVos from D.C. middle school Pause
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says they voted Republican
0:08 Instant horse racing: What the machine looks like
0:51 The day Idaho's Teton Dam broke
2:24 How Boise police respond to hate crimes
2:37 Chandler Hutchison: "We're just not making shots."
1:23 Truckstop.com now hiring in Boise
0:17 Horse rescued from Eagle pool
1:39 The aftermath of Idaho's Teton Dam collapse
Minneapolis's Somali community is ready to welcome guests for Super Bowl LII. Stefan Holt reports. (Published 6 hours ago)
Minneapolis's Somali community is ready to welcome guests for Super Bowl LII. Stefan Holt reports. See More
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Photo: Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while their sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and their fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music. Over the weekend, however, Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London.
Related: Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘The Trick to Holding On'
Them headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “Blank Space” and “Shake It Off” from the former. From the latter, Taylor performed “Gorgeous,” “Look What You Made Me Do” and “…Ready For It?” For good measure, Swift threw in a solo rendition of their duet with Zayn Malik: “I Don't Wanna Live Forever.”
The performance followed almost a month after their November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live. Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne.
Watch Taylor perform “Ready For It,” “Gorgeous” and “Look What You Made Me Do” below:
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Theresa May seeks snap election to take UK through Brexit
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
BERLIN — Police say one man has been killed and two people injured in a knife attack on a train in the northern German city of Flensburg.
Federal police said in a statement the incident took place Wednesday at around 7 p.m. local time.
They said the details of the attack were not clear yet, but that one of the injured was a 22-year-old female police officer. The statement said they appeared to have used their pistol, suggesting they may have killed the man.
German daily Bild reported that following a dispute, one man attacked another man with a knife and then a police officer who was called to intervene.
The German news agency dpa reported the Flensburg main train station had been evacuated and service to Flensburg had been interrupted temporarily.
ABC News(NEW YORK) — The video of Dr. David Dao being dragged down the aisle of a United jet has been trolled by competing airlines, roundly mocked on late-night television and slammed by consumer rights advocates and PR professionals alike.
Now, after being widely criticized for their initial response to the incident, United's CEO is acknowledging that the viral video represents a “watershed moment” for the airline.
“It is obvious from recent experiences that we need to do a much better job serving our customers,” United CEO Oscar Munoz said in a statement on Monday. “The incident that took place aboard Flight 3411 has been a humbling experience, and I take full responsibility. This will prove to be a watershed moment for our company.”
Dao, who was forcibly removed from their seat by airport police to make room for a crew member, suffered a concussion and broken nose and lost two front teeth, according to their attorney.
Initially, Munoz defended the airline's actions, labeling Dao “disruptive and belligerent” and claiming employees “followed established procedures” while attempting to “re-accommodate” the 69-year-old doctor.
The reaction was swift and severe.
In a follow-up interview with ABC News' Rebecca Jarvis, Munoz apologized to Dao and acknowledged that they were “ashamed” of the video.
“He was a paying passenger sitting on our seat in our aircraft and no one should be treated that way, period,” Munoz told Jarvis. “This is not who we are.”
“He apologized — we accept that,” Dao's attorney, Thomas Demetrio, told reporters. “But that's not going to let them off the hook here.”
“Bullying customers has gone to the next step,” they added. “Are we all going to be treated like cattle?”
Last Thursday, Demetrio indicated that they and their client would likely file a lawsuit against United and the city of Chicago.
In their latest statement, released alongside the airline's first-quarter earnings report, Munoz said the company is “more determined than ever to put our customers at the center of everything we do.”
In the aftermath of the Dao incident, United indicated that it changed its policy to prevent crew members from displacing any customers who are already seated on a plane.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — President Donald Trump entertained the idea of negotiating a new deal to block Iran from obtaining nuclear weapons Tuesday during a joint press conference with French President Emmanuel Macron.
“There is a chance, and nobody what Ibeing going to do on the 12th, although Mr. President, you have a pretty good idea, but we'll see,” President Trump said, apparently teasing forward to an upcoming deadline as it relates to the United States' continued participation in the deal. “But we'll see also if I do what some people expect, whether or not it will be possible to do a new deal with solid foundations, because this is a deal with decayed foundations.”
The president further reiterated their belief that the current Iran nuclear deal, negotiated during the Obama administration, is a “bad deal” that is “falling down” and should have “never have been made.”
Trump also issued a direct warning against Iran: “If Iran threatens us if any way, they will pay a price like few countries have ever paid.”
But even as the president suggested an openness to exploring a new Iran deal, they also hedged that such a deal may not come to fruition.
“I think we will have a shot to be a much bigger deal, maybe not deal, but we'll know fairly soon,” Trump said.
While President Trump stopped short of directly committing to the possibility of pursuing a new deal, President Macron made clear that they desire to pursue a new agreement, which Macron agreed is not sufficient to restraining Iran long term.
“It's not a mystery, we did not have the same starting positions,” said Macron. “I can say that we've had very frank discussion on that, just the two of us. You consider that the Iranian deal, the JCPOA, the one negotiated in 2015 with Iran is a bad deal. For a number of months I've been saying that this was not a sufficient deal but that it enabled us at least until 2025 to have some control over their nuclear activities. We, therefore, wish to work on a new deal with Iran.”
Macron outlined their main interests in continuing to block Iran's nuclear development through 2025, something the current deal already does, while working to ensure that objectives are carried out long-term, and also end ballistic activities in the region. “France is not naive when it comes to Iran,” said Macron. “But we do not repeat the mistakes of the past.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Your Viewpoint: Levels Of Production And Markets
The business facts, on their face, seem grim. In video and digital cinema, the tools are better, cheaper and more accessible to the masses than they have ever been. Software is quickly making many production tools and techniques obsolete. How people consume media is changing everything in our business. Award-winning films like Tangerine, shot on smartphones, illustrate that, to a point, the gear you own and use doesn't mean nearly as much as it used to. What this means for professionals, aspiring professionals and people who want to make a living in video and cinema production is that our image-creating world is radically changing and will keep changing on an almost weekly basis. So how do you stay on top of it all? How do you keep current with new trends, new markets and innovative ways to strategize your business?
One of the paradoxes of video and cinema production is that there are so many people in the profession, working on so many different levels of production, it can be difficult to gain awareness about what's going on in your own market, much less what factors are coming down the pike that can and will affect your ability to make a living in this business. You must think about both the micro and the macro. A Hollywood-based cinematographer who makes their living shooting music videos and commercials is going to be affected by very different factors than the wedding videographer from the Northeast. But what they both share is an acute awareness that what's happening in their respective worlds has become much more important to succeeding.
For a perspective of Hollywood from a cinematographer's point of view, Shane Hurlbut, ASC, is A-list and updates their website constantly: thehurlblog.com . For wedding videography, weva.pro is an excellent source.
Information Awareness
Regardless of your niche and what facet of production you specialize in, you need to keep up to date with what's going on in your world. One challenge we all face now is information overload. The web is our primary source of up-to-date, current, breaking news about our business, our world and how it affects us. But it's so easy to get sucked into time-killers on the web. Social media is a double-edged sword. Used productively, industry forums, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube can be incredibly important to building and supporting your business. But as we all know, the same outlets have a way of utterly wasting your time as well. Consciously limit your daily time and resources you devote to social media. Don't just browse and doodle on social media platforms; make a daily plan of what you want to accomplish and need to check out to make your business productive, and then move on to other tasks that generate leads or make you money. Most people are looking to expand their audience and network, so pick a number of comments/follows/likes per day to check out, and perhaps do those every other day.
As a good daily or weekly check-in, I recommend you take a look at the industry news and information forum at the DVXUser website. It's very active and covers a good range of different video and digital cinema technologies and new products: dvxuser.com/V6/forumdisplay.php?81-Industry-News-amp-Information
Media Markets Are Converging, Are You?
“Cinematic Weddings,” “Web Series,” “Full-Time Professional Vlogging,” “Day and Date Release.” Video and digital cinema production in 2017 are full of contradictions in terms and new mash-ups of long-established conventions whose definitions are suddenly fluid. The point is, examine what your colleagues, friends and acquaintances are doing. Expand your own markets and clientele by combining new technology waves with your traditional work. Virtual reality, 360 video and augmented reality are all huge new media forms spawning new markets that didn't exist just a matter of months ago. Some innovators who aren't afraid to dive into the pool headfirst are making a lot of money in these new forms of media simply because they're innovative and have numerous possibilities that didn't previously exist. Plus, most people in our business don't know much about how to actually conceive, shoot and edit these new forms of media. The more you know about how media is converging, the more opportunities you have.
A good example of a videographer who has turned their knowledge into money while helping out their colleagues is Curtis Judd, who has a YouTube channel called Learn Light & Sound. At a more cinematic, higher-end indie filmmaker level, Ryan Connolly's Film Riot YouTube channel has a good mix of high-end gear reviews, techniques and humor, and over a million subscribers. Ryan and crew do a good job of exploring not only the gear but also how they actually put it to work on paying projects for clients.
Learn To Be Proactive And Fluid
In 2017, it's dangerous to define yourself too rigidly. The days of only knowing how to do one or two job functions and having only one or two skill sets are gone unless you're already established as a national or international expert. Furthering your education about all things media by reading books, blogs and magazines, talking to experts online, and joining organizations and associations tied to your particular niche can all be very helpful and productive. Build your personal network. Open relationships with others in your markets, hire colleagues and get hired by your colleagues. Shoot side projects together, whether it's a video for a nonprofit, a friend's indie film or commercial projects you develop together. Use your existing skill set in new ways. If you have the expertise, consider writing for media outlets and clients; you would be amazed at the people you'll meet and the opportunities that can arise by being visible and building your network. Opportunity doesn't always knock on your front door; it sometimes presents itself in the least likely of places, through the least likely person.
The Pro Video Coalition is a great website to learn about new ways of using your existing skill set in video production in new ways: provideocoalition.com .
Demo Reels Versus Networking
In the past, it was considered important and necessary in landing great new clients and work to have a current, up-to-date and effective demo reel. It still is, to a point, but frankly, who you know, who you network with and who they know is more important to landing new projects and clients than your demo reel. It can take months to compile, edit, refine, design and conceive an effective demo reel. It's still important to have some clean, concise samples of your work and skills, but at least in my own experience, I've landed a lot more work due to networking and relationships than I have through my demo reel. I find these days that much of my work ends up being posted in social media by my clients, so it can be easier and simpler to send a potential new client some links to your work than to try to continuously update your reel.
The Secret Is That There Is No Secret
There's no silver bullet, one-size-fits-all solution to having a successful career in media production in 2017. But here's of recap of the simple points you can use and put to work today that will help you to build, sustain and grow your media business, no matter if it's just you as a solo shooter or if you have an actual media company with staff.
Your Viewpoint. Stay optimistic, focused, aware, experimenting and, most importantly, connected with people and organizations who can hire you or know others who can hire you
Information Consumption. Think of social media as an aggregator. Use it to further your business in small, time-constrained doses. It's the biggest double-edged sword in modern business life. Use it for good as the most current source of news and information available, not for evil time-wasting.
Think Convergence. Take a good, hard look at your own media market. What skill sets, connections and body of work and clients do you have that could possibly integrate with another skill set and group of potential clients?
Be Forward-Thinking And Turn On A Dime. It's important to read about and become educated about new technology trends, fads and innovations like VR, AR, high dynamic range video, drones, motion control, gimbals and everything else new and hot in our business. You don't need to become an expert or own any or all of it, but you do need to be educated and aware of it all. Knowing all about it makes you an expert, and people love to hire expertise.
Network! Don't rely on passive means like a web page or demo reel to meet people, build relationships and network. Having a large and varied network of clients, colleagues, friends and acquaintances is the single most important thing you can do to succeed in media production.
The media landscape is only changing more each day. Get out there and put this all to work, and you stand a greater chance of succeeding!
Writer, producer and cinematographer Dan Brockett's two decades of work in documentary film and behind the scenes for television and feature films have informed their writing about production technology for HDVideoPro Magazine, Digital Photo Pro Magazine and KenStone.net. Visit danbrockett.com.
India is poised to lift its domestic natural gas price to the highest in at least two years, boosting earnings of producers like Oil and Natural Gas Corp., according to a survey of analysts and industry participants.
The federal government will increase the price to $3.2 per million British thermal units for April to September, almost 11 percent more than the current price of $2.89, according to an average of 10 estimates, compiled by Bloomberg. India sets the rate every six months and an announcement on the price is due next week.
Rising Again India seen increasing domestic gas price from April 1 Source: India's Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell
Higher gas prices may encourage producers to boost investment and production, helping the country meet its goals of cutting energy imports and more than doubling the share of gas in the energy mix. The increase will boost the earnings of India's largest gas producer Oil and Natural Gas Corp. and Oil India Ltd., according to Gagan Dixit, an analyst at Elara Securities India Pvt.
“At the current volume of production, every dollar increase in domestic gas prices boosts the annual revenue of ONGC by about 41 billion rupees and post-tax profit by about 27 billion rupees,” Dixit said by phone from Mumbai.
This will be the highest gas price since $3.82 for the six months ended March 2016. In October, India raised the domestic gas price for the first time in nearly three years to $2.89. The forecasts in the latest survey ranged from $3.05 to $3.30 per mmBtu.
ONGC produced about 64 million cubic meters a day of natural gas in the first 10 months of the financial year that began in April, comprising about 72 percent of India's total gas output, according to Bloomberg calculations.
ONGC spokesperson Pallab Bhattacharya and oil ministry spokesperson Prashant Pathrabe didn't respond to emails seeking comment.
Companies producing gas from some deep-water fields with high pressure and high temperature areas are allowed a higher tariff of about $6.30 per million British thermal units. That price is also due to be revised from April 1.
The Church of Ireland parish of Clane Union, which includes Prosperous, Clane, Donadea and Sallins, is embarking on a series of community fundraising events during 2018 to assist in the ongoing work of development, and restoration works in both of the churches, St. Michael & All Angels, Millicent and St. Peter's, Donadea Forest Park.
Thanks to grants from Kildare County Council and the Irish Georgian Society, supplemented by parish funds and generous donations, major essential works on the fabric of St. Michael's have been undertaken in the past two years, and 2018 will see the completion of expert remedial works on the internationally-renowned Cloisonne art which adorns both ends of the building interior.
The parish Rector, Revd. Gregg Ryan, said that both churches in Clane Union are functioning churches.
Rev. Gregg as they are known, told the Leinster Leader: “Together with the two churches and Hewetson School comes the added responsibility of maintaining these beautiful and historic buildings which are of course also protected structures under law.
“ It is great to have such an enthusiastic Select Vestry (parish council) and parishioners who, despite their own busy lives, come up with imaginative ideas for events which are socially inclusive and also very entertaining.
“ We regard the churches as part of the whole community, and have excellent ecumenical relations.”
Beer and Bones
The Union are starting 2018 off with a ‘Beer and Bones' evening at Lock 13 in Sallins, by kind permission of Barry and Ola Flanagan. This will be held on Friday February 9 at 8pm and all are welcome.
It includes a tour of the brewery by Master Brewer Brendan Murphy, beer tasting, a lot of spare ribs and chicken wings, (not forgetting a vegetarian option) and a raffle. Tickets are €20 payable at the door, and all proceeds go towards parish funds. Meanwhile, the monthly whist drive at Millicent Parish hall takes place on February 20.
This is an experimental feature. Give us your feedback. Thank you for your feedback.
Disgruntled customers of Barclays' DIY investment platform are demanding compensation following a series of IT glitches, with some calling for regulatory intervention after dividend payments were delayed.
This week, Barclays admitted that dividend payments on 11 popular FTSE income stocks had been delayed by two weeks or more following the migration of its old Barclays Stockbrokers service to the new Smart Investor brand over the August bank holiday weekend.
“I would join a class action to fight this because it's appalling,” said one FT reader with investments on the platform. “I've been logging on every morning looking for my dividends and they aren't there . . . I make plans around this income that I know is due, but now I can't. It's a huge amount of money.”
Others said they were demanding compensation for the inconvenience and missed income from the inability to reinvest dividends.
“I am demanding compensation for at least 50 per cent of the value of my dividends to be compensated and think there should at least be a penalty for this stress too,” said another affected reader.
It's a botched design and botched implementation and I would like the FCA to get involved now. This isn't just one or two affected people but thousands who've been inconvenienced
Numerous FT readers affected by the spate of IT problems have called for regulators to intervene. One said they had already written to the Financial Ombudsman demanding compensation.
“I am claiming time for reconciling my accounts, lost profits through not being able to trade and time and inconvenience, not to mention refund of any fees [Barclays] have deducted,” they said.
Others have called for the Financial Conduct Authority to intervene following problems with the switchover.
“It's a botched design and botched implementation and I would like the FCA to get involved now,” said one reader. “This isn't just one or two affected people but thousands who've been inconvenienced.”
The FCA declined to comment.
I am at the end of my tether,” said Graham Dale, an affected customer whose problems include an account for a small self-administered scheme, a type of occupational pension scheme, being closed because it can no longer be supported by the new system.
“I've written letters of complaint to John McFarlane (Barclays' chairperson) and Alastair Thaw (director of Smart Investor) but to date haven't received the courtesy of an acknowledgment, let alone a meaningful response. This is indicative of the breathtaking contempt they show their customers,” they said.
Why haven't dividends been paid?
Barclays said that the payment glitch is only affecting stocks that went ex-dividend before the ill-fated overhaul of its Smart Investor platform in late August, but were due for payment afterwards. It said the issue has affected about 4 per cent of equities on its platform and said on average dividends on those stocks had been paid in three working days.
Which stocks are affected?
Investors in 10 companies including BP, Segro and Glencore have been waiting since September for overdue dividend payments, and may not receive these for a further eight days because of problems with the site's overhaul.
Dividends due on stocks including HSBC, British American Tobacco, Lloyds Banking Group and BHP Billiton were also paid late.
BP's dividend was paid on September 22, though Barclays customers have yet to receive it, and Glencore investors have been waiting since September 26.
Additionally, some investors waiting for their delayed Royal Dutch Shell dividend due on September 18 were dismayed to find the payment docked by up to 15 per cent when it arrived last week.
One FT reader said: “I've been logging on every morning looking for my dividends and they aren't there, it's absolutely disgraceful. I'm missing about £1,000 in dividends from Lloyds and I was due £1,300 from Shell, which arrived nine days late. Barclays should hang their heads in shame.”
When will the delayed dividends be paid?
Barclays said the Shell dividend issue was a technical fault affecting a minority of customers that had been resolved, and that all affected investors were paid the correct amount this week.
However, other customers with outstanding payments may have longer to wait. “The last of the delayed payments will be made by October 12 after which our customers should not see any further delays,” Barclays said.
The bank said delayed stocks had been paid out on average in three days and said: “We have been paying dividends as quickly as possible on the affected stocks but recognise in some instances customers have waited longer than we would ideally like. Going forward the process of paying dividends on Smart Investor will be quicker than the previous process on Barclays Stockbrokers.”
Is Barclays offering affected customers compensation?
Some customers say they have received compensation payments — but only after making a formal complaint to the bank.
One FT reader said: “Barclays offered me a £200 compensation payment which I accepted. It was paid into my account on September 29 and promptly taken away again on the same day.”
Barclays said it was investigating and would be dealing with each case on its own merits.
Barclays said the issue was affecting “a small minority of customers” and the Financial Ombudsman Service (FOS) confirmed it had received complaints from customers relating to transfers between Barclays Stockbroker and Barclays Smart Investor Platform. Both declined to confirm the number of customers complaining or demanding compensation.
What other problems have investors been experiencing?
The dividend issues are the latest in a string of problems that have dogged the platform's relaunch, including log-in issues, inconsistent stock pricing, missing transactions and delays in transfer out times.
Customers with large share portfolios will typically pay more under the new charging system, but have had problems leaving. Some had previously been quoted waiting times of up to three months to leave the platform, but the bank said these delays had now been resolved along with issues surrounding stock pricing and error messages.
Customers have also struggled with the fact that Smart Investor no longer supports certain types of accounts, nor does it offer third-party access online to spouses, family members and those holding power of attorney.
How are customers responding?
Numis, the stockbroker, expects rival stockbroking service Hargreaves Lansdown to have snapped up many customers deserting Barclays when it reveals its latest trading update later this month.
“We believe that HL will have been the largest beneficiary of the fallout from the system migration at Barclays,” said Numis.
Last month, rival investment platform IG said that more than half of its transfer requests were coming from Barclays Smart Investor customers.
I am an affected customer — how can I complain?
The FOS can demand that compensation be paid in cases where it judges consumers have been financially harmed. But the process will not be quick. Customers who want to make a complaint must first prove they have attempted to resolve the issue with Barclays, which has eight weeks to give its “final response” to any complaint.
If customers are unhappy with that response, they can take the query to the FOS, which will then consult with the customer and Barclays before coming to any conclusion.
Are you having problems with the Smart Investor service? Get in touch with us: money@ft.com
Meghan Markle's family are under the pump again, this time from a close associate of the royal family.
Meghan Markle's family are under the pump again, this time from a close associate of the royal family.
AN old school friend of Prince Charles has reportedly labelled Meghan Markle's family as "common" and their dad Thomas as a "huge lump".
Nicky Haslam, who went to Eton with Prince Charles and socialised with Princess Diana, reportedly told the Daily Mail that the new Duchess of Sussex's family is "frightfully common".
When asked to describe the new royal in-laws, Haslam, who was born to one of Queen Victoria's goddaughters, reportedly said, "They're frightfully common."
And the newspaper said Haslam also told of their apparent relief that Meghan's dad did not attend the wedding at Windsor Castle on May 19.
Thomas Markle, 73, was forced to miss walking their daughter down the aisle after suffering a heart attack days after being caught posing for staged paparazzi snaps.
According to the Daily Mail, Haslam added: "It would have been awful if that huge lump [Meghan's dad] had been there.
Meghan's sister, Samantha Markle. Picture: Supplied
Thomas Markle Jr has had their run-ins with police. Picture: Supplied
"The royals probably don't quite know how to deal with them."
But Haslem didn't leave their vitriol just for Meghan's beleaguered family; they also reportedly had a crack at their wedding dress.
Haslam told the newspaper they "didn't very much like" their $360,000 Givenchy bridal gown by British designer Clare Waight Keller.
Meghan's mum Doria Ragland escaped the ire of Prince Charles' friend. Picture: Getty Images
Reportedly saying "it didn't fit", they added: "It should have been made of thinner stuff, it seemed to be made of concrete".
But cabaret singer and former designer Haslam did reportedly reserve praise for one member of Meghan's family - mum Doria Ragland.
They said: "One person who wasn't common was their mother".
These days Haslam makes a living as a cabaret singer.
Clarence House declined to comment on their remarks.
- with The Sun
South African Police Watch as Nigerian is Roasted to Death
A Nigerian has been burnt to death in South Africa in a what appears to be the continuation of xenophobia attacks by citizens of the former apartheid enclave on foreigners.
Confirming the attack, Mr. Habib Miller, the publicity Secretary of the Nigeria Union in South Africa who spoke with NAN in a telephone interview, said the victim, a native of Njikoka in Anambra State, was mobbed and killed in Rustenburg, North West Province.
According to the publicity Secretary, the Anambra indigene lost their lives because the mobsters felt offended by the way they spoke and custom.
“The mob descended on them like a common criminal with all sorts of dangerous weapons in the presence of South African police officers.
“Eyewitnesses say the victim beckoned for help from the police to intervene and help him, but they turned a blind eye.
“When Nwaogu could no longer persevere, they ran for safety; the mob chased and caught him, poured petrol on them and set them ablaze,” they said.
The spokesperson said that the mobster did not stop with their brutal treatment of Nwaogu until they were satisfied they had died. Nwaogu, who was married to a South African and blessed with two children was left to bath in the pool of their blood, until passersbys called emergency personnel to the scene.
“The eyewitnesses feeling that the victim was still alive called for help; unfortunately, Nwaogu could not survive the ordeal and died at Job Shimankane Hospital in Rustenburg,” they said.
In a related development, the Publicity Secretary alleged that 14 Nigerians who had gathered peacefully to show their displeasure of the death of a fellow Nigerian are still in detention since February this year.
“Our legal team is doing everything possible to facilitate the release of the protesters.
“We are worried that nothing has been done by the Nigerian government to stop the killings.
“We once again call on the Nigerian mission in South Africa to do the needful urgently because things are getting out of hand.
“The union with its legal desk will follow up the matter with the appropriate institutions until justice prevails,” they added.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post South African Police Watch as Nigerian is Roasted to Death appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
By Guest Blogger
Pastor Waylon Bailey
Before I was an older teenager, I camped out quite a bit. It all started with my family going on a camping trip with my best friend's family. Imagine four adults and four boys on a camping trip in one station wagon!
I also did a lot of hiking and camping with my Boy Scout troop. It was always exciting and always an adventure.
Even as an adult, a camping trip seemed like the most wonderful thing I could imagine. Anna and I hiked in and out of the Grand Canyon for their senior trip. We spent two nights in bunk houses on the banks of the Colorado River and a third night camping under the stars (no tent). We didn't freeze to death, but we felt that we would.
In all of those experiences there was excitement, and there was an element of being absolutely miserable. We were wet, cold, hot, and everything else that you could make you extremely uncomfortable.
I couldn't help but think about that not long ago when I read again Paul's letter to the church at Corinth. They talked about the blessings awaiting us in heaven with our heavenly father.
They put it this way: "For we know that if the earthly tent we live in is destroyed, we have a building from God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens." (2 Corinthians 5:1).
What an amazing contrast! While you might want to take a night or two on a camping trip, who would want to live forever in a tent?
Do you see the contrast? In this life we live in a tent. When we are with the Father, we will be in an eternal house They have prepared for us (John 14: 1-6).
The light, momentary affliction of these days is nothing compared to the eternal weight of glory beyond all measure which our Heavenly Father is preparing for us (2 Corinthians 4:17).
James Denison reminded me that it is no longer cool do think about eternity. We all know that is true. Does anyone talk with you about heaven or where they will spend eternity?
They also said that the time will come when nothing other than eternity will matter.
Isn't it time for you to think about the implications of all this for your life?
Fire departments from Nevada County are warming up for their annual emergency exercises. Last week, personnel from the Consolidated Fire District, Nevada City, and Grass Valley were involved in table top and small hands-on drills. Consolidated Battalian Chief Jim Smith says these were mass casualty drills, where the number of victims could overwhelm local responders…
click to listen to Jim Smith
Smith says much more visible, and realistic, exercises will take place at Consolidated Station Two, in April and also include law enforcement and ambulances from Sierra Nevada Memorial Hospital…
click to listen to Jim Smith
Smith points out that local fire departments also try to hold smaller-scale drills once a month, to keep their skills up. They say they also do exercises with law enforcement related to an active shooter.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Tommy Wright's focus remains solely on managing St Johnstone as they find themselves among the leading contenders for the Rangers job.
Former Ibrox boss Alex McLeish appears to be the front runner for the post which became vacant on Friday night when the club announced they had accepted the resignation of Mark Warburton and their management team, although the Englishman has denied standing down.
Wright — along with others such as Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes, former Rangers skipper Barry Ferguson and ex-Nottingham Forest and Derby manager Billy Davies — are high up in the bookmakers' lists.
The Northern Irishman said: “It is always sad to see a manager go. Mark had done a good job and, obviously, something has happened there.
“But it is all speculation. Pure speculation.
“From my point of view, for people to link me to a club that size and a club with that much history and success, and to be linked in amongst people like McLeish and other good managers, shows I am doing a good job and the press are recognising that and linking me.
“In my four years as manager, we have consistently got top six so it is nice that people recognise that by linking you with the job but it is pure speculation, that's all it is and there is nothing I can do about speculation
“My focus is really on St Johnstone.”
Barb Slone | Greene County News
Greene County Council on Aging and the Fairborn Art Association presented the Greene County Senior Artisan Show March 18. The show will continue 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Wednesday, March 21 at the Fairborn Art Association Gallery, 221 North Central Avenue. The show displays the talent and creativity of many Greene County seniors. Artwork exhibits range from paintings and mixed media to sculpture and photography.
Barb Slone | Greene County News
Greene County Council on Aging and the Fairborn Art Association presented the Greene County Senior Artisan Show March 18. The show will continue 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Wednesday, March 21 at the Fairborn Art Association Gallery, 221 North Central Avenue. The show displays the talent and creativity of many Greene County seniors. Artwork exhibits range from paintings and mixed media to sculpture and photography.
Barb Slone | Greene County News
Greene County Council on Aging and the Fairborn Art Association presented the Greene County Senior Artisan Show March 18. The show will continue 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Wednesday, March 21 at the Fairborn Art Association Gallery, 221 North Central Avenue. The show displays the talent and creativity of many Greene County seniors. Artwork exhibits range from paintings and mixed media to sculpture and photography.
Financial stocks buoy Asia bourses after Yellen remarks
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
WESTBROOK, ME--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Synergy CHC Corp ( OTCQB : SNYR) has officially re-launched its online presence, with a new website providing consumers a direct purchasing method right at their fingertips. The re-launch coincides with the release of much-anticipated product line extensions, aimed at servicing a growing market demographic. The new online shop exclusively stocks the new Extra Strength, Brain & Vision and Kids Extra Strength lines, along with the original and best-selling FOCUSfactor.
The new digital presence for FOCUSfactor will be supported by the "Feed your Einstein" television commercial airing throughout the US, along with a social and digital strategy powered by Synergy's new fast-growth online growth platform, The Synergy Effect. The TV commercial plays on the theme that everyone has an inner 'Einstein' that needs a little support.
In December 2012, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued US Patent 8,329,227 covering FOCUSfactor's proprietary formulation "for enhanced mental function", thus naturally opening the door to a link with the theoretical physicist Einstein. FOCUSfactor products continue to be stocked at North America's leading retailers such as Costco, Sam's Club, Wal-Mart, BJ's Walgreens, CVS and The Vitamin Shoppe.
The Re- launch of Focus Factor online with new website, new product range and TV commercial.
"The new fully-integrated, omni-channel approach, supported by TV, in-store, as well as our fast-growth online marketing platform, The Synergy Effect, is a model we plan to use to exponentially grow our brands now and in the future. As the number 1, best-selling, patented and clinically proven brain health supplement in the US, this is the natural progression for FOCUSFactor and a big step forward for company growth."
Jack Ross, CEO & Chairman
For more information on America's leading brain health supplement, please visit www.focusfactor.com.
About Synergy CHC Corp.
Synergy CHC Corp. is a consumer health care company that is in the process of building a portfolio of best-in-class consumer product brands. Synergy's strategy is to grow its portfolio both organically and by further acquisition. Synergy's diversified portfolio now includes FOCUSFactor™, Flat Tummy Tea™, Sneaky Vaunt™, Neuragen™, and Hand MD™. For more information, please visit www.synergychc.com.
Synergy's brands:
Flat Tummy Tea®
Flat Tummy Tea's uniquely formulated two-step herbal detox tea works to naturally help speed metabolism, boost energy and reduce bloating to flatten your tummy. It's currently sold exclusively online to a global, 20-30 year old female, predominantly American market.
Since being founded in 2013, Flat Tummy Tea has grown rapidly, largely attributed to the strength of their branding and their innovative and effective use of social media. Their secret is a very specific process and ROI based algorithm used on various online platforms. To date, Flat Tummy Tea has built a targeted social media following of over 1,270,000, many of whom are now customers.
Flat Tummy Tea now has over 13,500 positive written reviews on their website, flattummytea.com or visit their Instagram page.
FOCUSfactor®
FOCUSfactor is sold at America's leading retailers such as Costco, Sam's Club, Wal-Mart, BJ's Walgreens, CVS and The Vitamin Shoppe. FOCUSfactor, America's leading brain health supplement, is a nutritional supplement that includes a proprietary blend of brain supporting vitamins, minerals, antioxidants and other nutrients. In December 2012, the United States Patent and Trademark Office issued US Patent 8,329,227 covering FOCUSfactor's proprietary formulation "for enhanced mental function." The issuance of the patent marked one of the few times a patent has been issued for a nationally branded nutritional supplement. FOCUSfactor is clinically tested with results demonstrating improvements in focus, concentration and memory in healthy adults. www.focusfactor.com
Sneaky Vaunt®
Sneaky Vaunt is Synergy's newest brand that just launched in March, 2017. Sneaky Vaunt markets and sells a backless, strapless, stick on, push-up bra exclusively online through social media channels.
Sneaky Vaunt is being marketed on the same ROI based algorithm that Flat Tummy Tea uses and is currently being used by The Synergy Effect on various online marketing platforms. In one month, Sneaky Vaunt has built a targeted social media following of over 185,000 on Instagram.
Sneaky Vaunt can be found at sneakyvaunt.com or visit their Instagram page.
Neuragen®
Neuragen® is a topical product that works directly at the site of the pain as opposed to oral products. Neuragen® reduces the spontaneous firing of damaged peripheral nerves. By calming these firings at the source, Neuragen® is clinically shown to reduce shooting and burning pains quickly and without the side effects of orally taken medications. This is in part due to the small lipophilic molecules found in Neuragen® which rapidly carry the active ingredients through the rough outer layer of the skin to the site of the pain. Neuragen® is available over the counter in most local pharmacies either in the diabetic section or the analgesic (pain) section. For more information, please visit www.neuragen.com.
Hand MD®
Hand MD is the world's first anti-aging skincare line formulated specifically for the hands. Hands reveal a woman's true age and the rejuvenation of the hand has become women's #1 aging concern. Developed by Kara Harshbarger and renowned celebrity dermatologist Dr. Alex Khadavi, Hand MD's extensive clinical trials show significant improvement in the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, skin hydration, hyper-pigmentation and radiance. HAND MD launched on QVC and sold out in an astonishing 5 minutes. www.hand-md.com.
The Synergy Effect®
The Synergy Effect is Synergy's fast-growth online marketing platform, a growth engine built to grow brands exponentially online. Launched in 2017, The Synergy Effect powers Synergy's brands online, driving revenue using best-in-class digital strategy and its proprietary ROI algorithm. Already boasting success stories including Flat Tummy Tea and Sneaky Vaunt, both of which have experienced unprecedented growth in digital and social media, The Synergy Effect will spend the upcoming year further unlocking the huge online growth potential within Synergy's existing portfolio of brands, as well as brands acquired by Synergy.
More information on The Synergy Effect can be found at www.thesynergyeffect.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, regarding management's expectations, beliefs, goals, plans or Synergy's prospects should be considered forward-looking. Readers are cautioned that actual results may differ materially from projections or estimates due to a variety of important factors, including: Synergy's ability to integrate any new products into its current operations; the risks and uncertainties associated with Synergy's ability to manage its cash resources; obtaining additional financing to support Synergy's operations; Synergy's dependence on third parties for its research and development, manufacturing and distribution functions; Synergy's dependence on its license relationships; protecting the intellectual property developed by or licensed to Synergy; and Synergy's ability to build its operations to support its business strategy and promote its products. These and other risks are described in greater detail in Synergy's filings with the SEC, copies of which are available free of charge at the SEC's website (www.sec.gov) or upon request from Synergy. Synergy may not actually achieve the goals or plans described in its forward-looking statements, and investors should not place undue reliance on these statements. Synergy assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law.
A West Point volunteer who has been a mentor to Askew and other cadets, said she'll hold them up as a role model for girls when they hold wor…
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
HOLLYWOOD (CBSLA) — Actor, writer and director Terry Gilliam is known for being a funnyman and Monty Python alum.
Some anti #MeToo comments they recently made have no one in Hollywood laughing.
In an interview with Agence France Press the 77-year-old said the #MeToo movement has created “a world of victims.”
While calling embattled producer Harvey Weinstein “a monster” they said they were only exposed because they are “such an a-hole.”
I read it. Terry Gilliam's comments about Harvey Weinstein are idiotic and dangerous. They aren't in those rooms. They don't know how aggressive and violent and terrifying they are. Who are they to say it was some sort of offered deal? They should be ashamed of himself. https://t.co/pLj3V46gwu — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) March 17, 2018
Dismissing the sexual assault and harassment claims made by more than 20 women, Gilliam really stepped in it when they said, “Harvey opened the door for a few people. A night with Harvey, that's the price you pay.”
Some women did well by accepting their sexual advances, they added. “We're talking about adults with a lot of ambition.”
They also compared #MeToo to mob rule and said the movement has gotten “silly.”
Twitter literally went berserk.
Terry Gilliam may wanna turn those feelings of fear & uncertainty he's getting from #metoo/#timesup and realize “Ohh this is how life has been for THEM til now… huh. Wow. Damn.” See? Now it's empathy. — Sarah Silverman (@SarahKSilverman) March 17, 2018
The Minnesota-born Gilliam also politicized what they called a great irony. Despite the #MeToo movement being a huge success in a variety of ways, “a self-confessed p—y grabber is the president of the US and is just walking around.” They renounced their American citizenship in 2006.
.@Variety This interview turns my stomach. terry gilliam is the last man to admonish a movement that is trying to protect women from abusive men. #MeToo https://t.co/jPnFhfB5GQ — Ellen Barkin (@EllenBarkin) March 17, 2018
Barkin got another shot in.
Terry Gilliam, you talk too much. #MeToo — Ellen Barkin (@EllenBarkin) March 17, 2018
And they still aren't done. Later they tweeted a warning to all women. “My hard won advice: never get into an elevator alone with [Terry Gilliam.]
Terry Gilliam is an ignorant privileged successful white man. Cry me a river. https://t.co/8EO5Ru0W6e — Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) March 16, 2018
Comedienne Elayne Boosler was grossly offended by the idea that the price of fame was worth a night with Harvey Weinstein. We can't print their reply, but they suggested that just because Terry Gilliam engaged in a sex act with Weinstein, doesn't mean women should.
Biogen Inc. is in one of the strangest situations in the pharmaceutical industry.
It's getting a small cut of the sales of another company's booming multiple sclerosis drug, but that drug is also competing directly with its own critical MS franchise. Biogen's first-quarter earnings report on Tuesday highlighted just how untenable this is and how much more aggressive management needs to be about pursuing new assets.
Waning Optimism A brief positive run for Biogen shares, sparked by the success of a rare-disease drug, has ended Source: Bloomberg
Biogen and Roche Holding AG co-developed the MS drug Ocrevus in its early stages. They agreed in 2010 that Roche would shoulder the full cost of developing and marketing the drug, and that Biogen would exchange its 30 percent interest in the medicine for royalty payments. The medicine ended up producing stellar trial results in difficult-to-treat patients and has had an explosive launch. In less than three quarters on the market, it managed $870 million in sales. It's projected to approach $2 billion this year. Biogen gets a 13.5 percent royalty on Ocrevus sales up to $900 million and a 24 percent royalty if annual net sales exceed that.
Biogen has received about $236 million in Ocrevus royalties so far, which are pure profit. But even as it began to get that nice boost, sales of its own portfolio of MS drugs were beginning to slow. Ocrevus's continuing sales growth will accelerate that decline.
Excluding the Ocrevus royalty, Biogen's $2.024 billion in MS sales in the latest quarter was the lowest since at least 2014, and the sales trends aren't pretty. That Ocrevus royalty will jump as that drug's sales pass $900 million. But the royalty only gets one bump, while the market share Biogen's own drugs lose to Ocrevus is likely gone forever.
Prognosis Negative Biogen's MS franchise is set for long-term decline, in part due to a drug it helped develop Source: Bloomberg
Market-share loss isn't the only problem.
Volume growth has been slowing for Biogen's MS franchise for years. The company has often made up for that with price hikes. The per-pill price of Biogen's best-selling drug Tecfidera has jumped by nearly 50 percent since 2013. Ocrevus's list price is $65,000 -- high, but cheaper than many older MS drugs, including some of Biogen's. Biogen will likely need to offer bigger discounts to pharmacy benefit managers and insurers to entice them to pay for its medicines. The fact that a cheaper generic version of Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.'s MS drug Copaxone is now available won't help either. It's going to get harder and harder for Biogen to price-hike its way out of trouble.
Biogen's biggest bright spot in the face of its MS issues has been the rapid launch of the spinal muscular atrophy treatment Spinraza, which generated $364 million in sales in its fifth full quarter on the market. But that success story comes with asterisks.
Novartis AG just purchased AveXis Inc., which is working on a promising Spinraza rival. Novartis will give it extra momentum, capital, and commercial know-how to speed that drug to market.
And sales of Spinraza are structurally inclined to level off: Patients start by taking a lot of the drug in a short time, then graduate to an infrequent dosing schedule. That dynamic contributed to a quarter in which sales were short of analyst expectations and grew by just $1 million sequentially.
Biogen tried to remedy some of these worries last week by paying Ionis Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- the original developer of Spinraza -- $1 billion for an equity stake and access to more of its drug candidates.
But that's a relatively cheap deal, and Ionis's lightning may not strike twice. Biogen is going to have to do a lot more to break out of its quandary.
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners.
In this April 29, 2014, photo, fast food worker Daniella Longchamps (right) of Baltimore, Maryland, demonstrates along with other activists during a protest outside the National Restaurant Association's 28th Public Affairs Conference at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center in Washington, DC. The activists held a protest to urge for a raise the minimum wage.
Millions of Americans are set to receive higher pay in the new year, despite the potential confirmation of a millionaire labor secretary who once opposed the Obama administration's efforts to raise the federal minimum wage.
Twenty-two states, plus the District of Columbia, will see their minimum wages increase over the course of 2017, according to The Fairness Project, a nonprofit organization that supports progressive causes. In addition, dozens of cities will see similar hikes.
The raises are owed in large part to a strategy adopted by the Obama administration to circumvent an obstructionist Republican Congress. Rather than give up on their domestic policy agenda, the president and their aides have aggressively used the bully pulpit to push cities and states toward adopting key proposals — including a higher minimum wage.
The raises also reflect a galvanized grassroots effort that managed to convince an enormous number of voters of the need for higher pay.
The U.S. Supreme Court has left American democracy struggling under the weight of dirty maps and dirty money, so it's up to Congress and a loud, loud public to fix it.
The court this month punted on the often-absurd “gerrymandering” that leads to unfair legislative and congressional district maps in many states. It's what happens when politicians draw maps to benefit themselves or their friends by artificially concentrating one party's voters in one district, either to cement their hold there or to make all the surrounding districts safer. Both parties do it, but it's still wrong, warping our right to fair and effective representation.
The court basically sidestepped a pair of cases challenging Wisconsin's and Maryland's maps, choosing not to decide the constitutionality of partisan district lines drawn to intentionally dilute voters' influence.
And America is still reeling from the 2010 Citizens United ruling that opened the floodgates to unlimited independent expenditures by deep-pocketed special interests in our elections, skewing our already off-kilter system even further.
But why should we wait for courts to act on blatantly unfair and undemocratic districts, or the corrosive effect of unlimited money in elections? Why not stop poisoning ourselves, rather than treating the symptoms?
California is among several states that already have fought their way out from under partisan gerrymandering by taking line-drawing authority away from the Legislature. We passed a ballot measure in 2008 creating the California Citizens Redistricting Commission to draw our Assembly, state Senate and tax-board lines; we passed another measure in 2010 to give the commission authority to draw congressional lines as well.
And, though still far from perfect, California long has been a leader in requiring public disclosure of the sources of money flowing into and around our elections.
To spread this to other states would take more than just willpower. Generally these independent redistricting commissions have been created by ballot measures because state politicians won't relinquish this power willingly. Not all states have the initiative and referendum process with which to do this, and for those that do, it's expensive.
Congress is not helpless. We could swiftly move to pass Rep. Zoe Lofgren's Redistricting Reform Act of 2017, requiring states to have independent redistricting commissions to draw their congressional district maps after each decennial census.
To start battling dirty money, we can strip Citizens United down to the studs by passing Rep. David Cicilline's newly updated DISCLOSE Act, to fully expose the depth and breadth of the special-interest money swamping our system.
We should move toward a public-financed campaign system. Rep. John Sarbannes' Government By the People Act would use tax credits and federal matching funds to amplify the power of small contributions to balance Super PACs' outsized influence.
Each of these bills already have scores of co-sponsors and each would be a great start. But even if all of them are enacted, we should still amend the U.S. Constitution to overturn Citizens United entirely and turn off the spigot that spews big money into our elections.
Only an energized, engaged, loud public will help Congress find the political will to act. And only such action will break the partisan-paved, money-cemented gridlock that keeps Congress from acting in areas where vast majorities of Americans agree, such as climate change, letting Dreamers remain in America, and requiring background checks for all gun purchases.
Related Articles Opinion: Don't damage our democracy by breaking up big tech
Pro/Con: Did the U.S. Supreme Court get it right on union dues?
Peele: Oakland knows too well the story of a murdered journalist
Opinion: Janus court decision is a big win for Californians
Opinion: High court union dues ruling a blow to democracy I've learned and spoken a lot in the past year and a half about the danger of foreign adversaries' interference in our elections. But I believe our own self-inflicted poison poses just as much of a threat, if not more, to our democracy.
Americans feel frustrated, distanced and disenfranchised from our elected government. We deserve more: A government in which we truly all have a voice.
Eric Swalwell, D-Castro Valley, represents the Bay Area's 15th Congressional District.
Six stories in the news for Tuesday, Feb. 15:
———
PM TRUDEAU PREPARING FOR EUROPEAN VISIT
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will arrive in Europe on Thursday with free trade at the top of their agenda. They will deliver a pro-trade message in an address to the European Parliament in Strasbourg, France a day after the European Parliament votes on the Canada trade pact with the EU, the Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement or CETA.
———
LIBERALS DEFEAT MOTION ON ELECTORAL REFORM
The Liberal government has defeated a motion that accused the government of misleading Canadians on electoral reform and demanded they apologize for the broken promise. The motion sponsored by the NDP was rejected 175 to 129. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau had promised to change the voting system in time for 2019 but has abandoned the idea, arguing consultations did not produce a consensus on change.
———
FIREFIGHTERS STILL BATTLING DOWNTOWN TORONTO BLAZE
Firefighters remain on the scene of a massive six-alarm blaze in midtown Toronto. The fire at The Badminton and Racquet Club near the busy intersection of Yong St. and St. Clair Avenue began at about 9:20 a.m. Tuesday and forced the evacuation of surrounding buildings. Fire Chief Matthew Pegg said evacuation orders would be assessed in the morning.
———
FATE OF MURDER SUSPECT HEADED FOR JURY
The fate of a man accused of murdering an Alberta couple and their five-year-old grandson will soon be in the hands of a Calgary jury. Douglas Garland, 57, is being tried on three counts of first-degree murder in the June 2014 disappearance of Alvin and Kathy Liknes and Nathan O'Brien. Jurors will be sequestered after Justice David Gates gives them their instructions.
———
ALBERTA PLANE CRASH KILLS TWO FLIGHT INSTRUCTORS
Calgary's Mount Royal University has grounded its school aviation fleet after a crash that killed two of its flight instructors. RCMP said the crash happened Monday afternoon northwest of Cochrane, Alta. The university has identified the pilots as Jeffrey Bird and Reynold Johnson. The university's aviation program has 60 students.
———
AIR INDIA PERJURER RELEASED FROM HALFWAY HOUSE
A man convicted of perjury for their testimony during the trial of two men accused in the 1985 Air India bombing is free to leave a halfway house. Inderjit Singh Reyat wes released from prison last . They were accused of perjury in 2006 for repeatedly lying during their testimony at a trial into the bombing deaths of more than 300 people. In 2010, they were found guilty and sentenced to nine years in prison.
———
ALSO IN THE NEWS TODAY:
— Court appearance in Woodstock, Ont,. for former nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer, who is charged with eight counts of first-degree murder.
— Sentencing arguments to be heard in the case of ex-Montreal mayor Michael Applebaum on eight corruption-related charges.
— Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan participates in the NATO Defence Ministers meeting in Brussels.
— Statistics Canada will release the monthly survey of manufacturing for December.
— The Canadian Real Estate Association will release home sales statistics for January.
— Companies releasing financial results today include Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd., Barrick Gold Corp. and Cineplex Inc.
The Canadian Press
Actor William Christopher, best known for their role on the legendary television series M*A*S*H passed away Saturday at the age of 84. Christopher had been battling cancer, specifically non-lung small cell carcinoma, and died peacefully with their wife at their side.
When news broke of Christopher's death, their former M*A*S*H costar Alan Alda, who portrayed Captain Hawkeye Pierce, tweeted a sweet message in tribute to their friend:
Their pals from #MASH miss Bill powerfully. Their kind strength, their grace and gentle humor weren't acted. They were Bill. ❤️#WilliamChristopher — Alan Alda (@alanalda) January 1, 2017
In December 2015, Wayne Rogers, who played Trapper John on the series, passed away from pneumonia.
Via People
KINGSTON, Jamaica – Years prior to the Cuban Revolution, Cruise ships from Miami regularly stopped in Cuba and Jamaica as part of their northern Caribbean itinerary.
Now with the easing of US/Cuba relations just under 60 years following the revolution and prompting by Jamaica's Tourism Minister Edmund Bartlett, Cruise executives are excited about the prospects for a surge in interest for the once charmed route which will prove popular and continue the upward trajectory of Jamaica's cruise arrival numbers.
The development comes as Norwegian Cruise Lines (NCL), after receiving approval for a one day per week sailing into Havana, Cuba decided to drop Grand Bahama in the Bahamas from its scheduled four-day voyage, sending jitters throughout the tourism industry there.
Interestingly, Swiss based cruise giant MSC Cruises has been promoting its itineraries spanning, Havana, Cuba; Montego Bay, Jamaica; Cayman Islands and Cozumel, Mexico this year.
Meanwhile, the Cypriot-owned 1,200-passenger Celestyal Crystal cruise ship has been sailing seven-day Cuba itineraries year-round on a people-to-people cruise and land itinerary out of Montego Bay and Havana.
The Jamaica, Cuba cruise itinerary was just one of the outcomes of a meeting between Bartlett recently with the new President of the Florida-Caribbean Cruise Association's (FCCA) and President of Royal Caribbean Cruises (RCCL), the world's second-largest cruise line operator, Mr. Adam Goldstein in Miami. Mr. Bartlett was accompanied by Director of Tourism, Mr. Paul Pennicook and Delano Seiveright, Senior Advisor.
“The visit was buoyed by strong growth in Jamaica's tourism sector last year, with cruise arrivals surging 5.5 percent ahead of the previous year resulting in 1.66 million visitors and a 8.1 percent growth in Cruise passenger earnings totalling US$ 148.6 million or just about J$19 billion.”, Bartlett pointed out.
It also comes on the heels of a historic visit in December by Prime Minister Andrew Holness, Minister Bartlett and other tourism officials at the headquarters of Carnival Corporation, the world's largest cruise operator in Miami.
Senior Advisor, Delano Seiveright in addition to discussions on Cuba, noted that the Tourism Minister also, “focused on ways to facilitate the hiring of more Jamaican crew-members on cruise lines, improving the guest experience at the Falmouth Port in Trelawny, increased utilization of Ports of Calls like Kingston and Port Antonio and new destinations like Black River, St. Elizabeth as well as ways to strengthen the relationship between cruise lines and the Jamaican government.”
Royal Caribbean Cruises (RCCL) head honcho Adam Goldstein noted that Jamaica is without a doubt one of the best cruise destinations in the world with incredible potential for global greatness given the rich culture, accommodating personality of Jamaicans and diverse attraction offerings.
Goldstein commended Bartlett for their hands on, visionary and expert led approach to tourism development on the island.
They however urged the Government to move decisively at centralizing the management of the cruise operations as a means of better focusing resources, quickly fixing problems, improve security and allowing for more substantive growth and a broader spread of the benefits to the Jamaican people.
Underlying Jamaica's growing cruise industry, the island currently hosts six of the largest cruise ships in the world.
Currently, the Port of Falmouth is hosting the three largest cruise ships in the world – Harmony of the Seas, Allure of the Seas, and Oasis of the Seas, which are all Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines (RCCL) vessels.
In the meantime, Ocho Rios is hosting the Norwegian Epic, the Norwegian Pearl and the Carnival Vista. A fourth ship in the RCCL's Oasis luxury fleet, which is under construction and set to replace Harmony of the Seas as the biggest ship in the world, is expected to be added to Jamaica's itinerary in November 2018.
Seiveright noted that Bartlett, reiterated important targets set for the overall tourism sector aiming to secure 5 million visitors by 2021, while also generating US$5 billion in tourism earnings, increase the total direct jobs to 125,000 and add 15,000 new Hotel rooms.
“So far the latest figures show that for 2016, Jamaica recorded total tourist arrivals, stopover and cruise combined, of 3.84 million, 4 percent above the previous year.” – Seiveright.
Students take part in a protest to demand the appearance of three missing film students alive, in Guadalajara, Jalisco state, Mexico, on March 24, 2018. Three film students from the University of Audiovisual Media of Jalisco state went missing March 19.
Authorities said Monday that three Mexican film students who went missing in March in Guadalajara were kidnapped, tortured and killed, and their bodies were dissolved in acid, NBC News reported.
Javier Salomón Aceves Gastélum, Daniel Díaz, and Marco Ávalo were last seen on March 19 in the municipality of Tonala, in the state of Jalisco, filming a class project during their Spring Break. The three aspiring filmmakers were students at the Universidad de Medios Audiovisuales.
According to state prosecutors, their car broke down during the trip and they were later kidnapped by gunmen from the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG), who confused them for members of a rival gang.
Academy Award winning director Guillermo del Toro, who is a native of Guadalajara, expressed outrage on social media in response to the killings.
"Words can't explain the dimension of this madness. 3 students are killed and dissolved in acid. The "why" is unthinkable, the "how" is terrifying,” the "Shape of Water" director tweeted.
Shriya And Andrei Make For A Lovely Couple
Shriya looked mesmerizing in a beautiful lehenga and jewellery while Andrei looked every bit dashing as a Indian groom. We must say they make for a 'lovely pair'.
Lost In Each Other's Eyes
Another candid click which has the 'just-married' couple looks completely lost in each other's eyes. Isn't this very romantic?
Relationship Goals
We hear that post the wedding, Shriya's better half Andrei Koscheev said some beautiful lines for them in Hindi while the guests rooted for him. They said, "If someone loves you, they love you for who you are. If they try to change you in love, it is not love but compromises." Professing their love, they further added, "Shriya's love makes me better every day." Aww, we can already feel our heart melting!
The Wedding Invite
Meanwhile, here's a glimpse of Shriya's wedding invite for their destination wedding.
A Picture From Them Haldi Ceremony
That's Shriya for you. Don't miss that bridal glow on her!
Colors & More
A picture of Shriya and their aunt from the Holi party before their D-day.
A Click From Their Sangeet Night
Seen here are Andrei and Shriya cheering for their friends who performed at their sangeet night.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Airbus and Boeing expect turbulence in 2017
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Two men have been arrested following an incident in which two other men were assaulted and a car window smashed in Portrush
Police arrested the two men, aged 32 and 34, following the incident in the Dhu Varren Park area of Portrush during the early hours of this morning (Sunday, January 1).
Shortly before 3am it was reported that a group of males had assaulted two men and smashed the windows of a car and damaged a window of a house in the area. A 44-year-old man was taken to hospital for treatment for a suspected broken arm and bruising to their body. A 69-year-old man was taken to hospital for treatment for lacerations to their head.
The two suspects were arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm with intent, criminal damage and possession of an offensive weapon. Both remain in police custody at this time.
Detective Sergeant Gallagher is appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or anyone with any information that can assist with the investigation to contact Detectives in Coleraine on 101 quoting reference number 373 of 01/01/17.
Information can also be passed anonymously via the independent charity Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Mohanlal is undoubtedly one among most flexible celebrities in the Malayalam film industry and the ease with which they have done some of the stellar action scenes in many of their films underlines that fact further. Now, Mohanlal has decided to be a part of the Fitness Challenge, which has been doing the rounds on social media platforms, which was started by Central Minister Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore. Some of the big celebrities have already been a part of the challenge and Mohanlal too, has joined them.
Mohanlal, took to their Twitter account for the same and they have sent out a picture of them working out in a gym. In fact, they have passed on the challenge to Tamil actor Suriya, Mollywood's own Prithviraj and Tollywood star Jr. NTR.
The tweet sent out by Mohanlal read as "Accepting #FitnessChallenge from @Ra_THORe for #HumFitTohIndiaFit. I invite @Suriya_offl @tarak9999 @PrithviOfficial to join #NewIndia - a healthy India.'
Meanwhile, this new picture of Mohanlal has once again left the audiences awe-struck. Praises are pouring in for the Mohanlal's dedication level and the fitness level of the much loved star of Mollywood. The picture has bee shared through Mohanlal's Facebook page as well and it has already fetched above 1.1 Lakh Likes and above 5K shares.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
"Every time they have a seizure," said their dad, Jade Jerger, their voice catching, "to me it's like watching part of their life slip away."
"Helpless doesn't begin to describe [how it feels]," said their mother, Lelah.
The Jergers decided to try a remedy they'd learned about on the internet, an extract from the cannabis plant called cannabidiol, or CBD. Advocates of the oil say it can help with schizophrenia, anxiety, cancer — and epilepsy.
According to the Jergers, CBD's impact was immediate. Within a week, Jaelah's seizures were largely gone. It was the miracle they'd dreamed of.
But then they told their medical team in Indianapolis what they'd done, and the next thing they knew, Child Protective Services (CPS) was knocking at their door.
Jaeleh Jerger suffering from a seizure. Courtesy Jerger family
"They were going to take her," said Jade.
State marijuana laws are changing across the nation — some states have legalized recreational marijuana, and 30 states and the District of Columbia have legalized medical marijuana.
Seventeen states, including Indiana have CBD-specific laws that make its use legal in some medical circumstances. But Indiana's law didn't yet allow its use for children with Jaelah's form of epilepsy.
When the Jergers' story went public, Indiana's attorney general wrote an opinion piece in The Indianapolis Star reaffirming that their use of CBD oil was illegal.
"[A]s a matter of legal interpretation," said the article, "products or substances containing cannibidiol remain unlawful in Indiana as well as under federal law."
Authorities seemed to be asking the Jergers to choose between letting their daughter suffer or breaking the law and possibly losing custody.
The Stanley Brothers
The Jergers ordered their CBD online from the Stanley Brothers, a company run by a group of brothers who grow cannabis in greenhouses in the mountains of Colorado, where recreational weed is legal.
Joel Stanley said they believe that their firm's version of CBD oil is legal everywhere in the U.S. It contains very little THC, the chemical that gets users high. The company maintains that its product is a dietary supplement, not a recreational drug — and that it is extracted from legally grown hemp.
"The way my little brother puts it," said Stanley, "you could smoke a joint the size of telephone pole and not get high."
Stephanie Gosk speaks to Joel Stanley, of Stanley Brothers, a company run by a group of brothers who grow cannabis in greenhouses in the mountains of Colorado. NBC News
They recognize, however, that CBD is also not an FDA-approved drug. They say it would take "billions of dollars" to conduct the testing necessary for government approval.
"But more importantly," said Stanley, "it would take nine, 10, 12, who knows how many years to get that product through the drug approval process."
Dr. Staci Gruber, a researcher at Harvard Medical School, has been studying cannabis for 20 years. They say little official research into CBD's medical uses has been done because of its status as a Schedule I drug, like heroin, cocaine or ecstasy.
"It would have to be approved by the [Drug Enforcement Administration] for you to do that study in a clinical trial model," they explained.
Said Gruber: "I don't know that I have terms to describe how much opportunity there is with regard to exploring CBD. I think there is limitless potential in a lot of different areas."
The head of the National Institute on Drug Abuse, Nora Volkow, testified to a Senate caucus in 2015 that "preliminary data suggest [CBD] may have therapeutic value for a number of medical conditions."
In a statement to NBC News, the DEA said it does not distinguish between the Stanley's plants and marijuana, and that CBD falls "within the definition of marijuana under federal law."
"It's the hardest thing I've ever had to do"
The state of Indiana dropped its threats to take Jaelah away. The day after NBC News met with the Jergers, the state legislature changed its cannabis law to allow the Jergers to use CBD for Jaelah's form of epilepsy. And on Thursday, an advisory committee to the FDA voted to recommend approval of CBD as a treatment for rare and severe forms of epilepsy.
Lelah and Jade Jerger, with their daughter Jaeleh. NBC News
The Jergers have filed suit against CPS for threatening to take their daughter away. The Indiana attorney general's office and CPS cited the pending litigation in declining to comment for this story.
Jade Jerger says fighting for their daughter's right to CBD was harder on them than their tour of duty in Iraq. Lelah Jerger said: "It's the hardest thing I've ever had to do. But I don't regret it for a second, because we're all Jaelah has."
"We feel like we're fighting for our lives."
Singapore's central bank to harness the power of analytics
MAS' Data Analytics Group will help the central bank to leverage analytics to improve their work, as well as promote data analytics capabilities within the financial industry.
Recognising the power of analytics, the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) has formed a Data Analytics Group (DAG).
The group will lead the central bank's efforts to use analytics to unlock insights, and enhance the supervision of financial institutions. It will also help to make regulatory compliance more efficient for financial institutions, and improve work efficiency across the organisation.
DAG will be led by Chief Data Officer, David Roi Hardoon. Before joining MAS, Hardoon was the co-founder and Executive Director, Chief of Analytics, of Aznedian Solutions. They have a PhD in machine learning, as well as a deep research background and extensive experience in developing and applying analytical models.
Hardoon will report to Ong Chong Tee, Deputy Managing Director (Financial Supervision).
The three units that make up DAG are as follows:
Data Governance & Architecture Office (DGA), which will formulate data management policies, manage data collection and quality, maintain MAS' data catalogue, and publish MAS' official statistics.
Specialist Analytics & Visualisation Office (SAV), which will conduct data analyses in partnership with MAS departments. It will help departments improve their data capabilities through reusable tools and code libraries, and partner MAS Academy to deliver data analytics training programmes. Together with MAS' IT Department, the team will design and implement the technical infrastructure needed to support data analytics work in MAS.
Supervisory Technology Office (SupTech) will conduct data analyses on supervisory and financial sector data in partnership with MAS departments. It will work with the Fintech and Innovation Group to promote data analytics capabilities within the financial industry and foster innovations to make regulatory compliance more efficient and effective.
"The digitisation of information and the harnessing of data from multiple platforms have created the opportunity to use data analytics to understand the economy and the financial system with a depth that was not possible before. Our new Data Analytics Group will work with the financial industry to sharpen the surveillance of risks, and with the various departments within MAS to transform the way we do our work," said Ravi Menon, MAS Managing Director.
1
DENVER, CO--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - CB Scientific, Inc. ( OTC PINK : CBSC), a designer, developer and manufacturer of Cannabis Analytical Tools and Devices, Cannabis Medical Delivery Systems and Personal Analytical Kits and Devices, announces today that the Company has developed a novel product medical device portfolio since acquiring Marutronics Medical Devices in February 2017. The company has developed three core platform technologies; CannaRAPID™, CannaNASAL™, and CannaDERME™, focused on precise dosing and controlled release of cannabinoid compounds for patients. Furthermore, CB Scientific has developed Pain-Patch™ using CannaDERME transdermal delivery and state-of-the art smart device technologies for relieving various kinds of pains. CB Scientific is gearing up for conducting clinical studies using Pain-Patch for various indications. CB Scientific's will be Releasing 1st Gen Pain-Patch™, a Thermo-Responsive Cannabinoid Delivery Device for Targeted Delivery to Brain in second or third quarter 2017.
Further, CB Scientific brings safe, quick and easy to determine results to you through our fast detection kits. CB Scientific is also releasing a 4th generation Test4Kits, a fast cannabinoid detection kit, with a much more user-friendly and faster detection time.
MEDICAL AND DELIVERY DEVICE TECHNOLOGIES AND PRODUCTS:
The cannabinoid compounds works through CB1 and CB2 receptors in our body which is involved with a variety of physiological processes, including mood, pain, appetite, memory and cognitive function. CB1 is mainly aggregated in the brain, delivering some of these key functions.
A major problem in the medical use of cannabinoids is the targeted and efficient delivery of cannabinoid compounds to neural tissues. Oral ingestion can cause the production of unwanted metabolites from cannabinoid compounds by liver and gut microbiota metabolism reducing the effective dose and creating unwanted side-effects. Further, sustained action of cannabinoid may not be possible by oral ingestion. There is a pressing need for precise dosing and targeted delivery of cannabinoids to brain by passing the first-pass liver metabolism. This is resolved through use of transdermal and other innovative methods.
CB Scientific's novel pipeline of technologies and products includes, transdermal, sublingual, and nasal delivery technologies for precise and controlled dosing of cannabinoids. CannaRAPID™ is our proprietary sublingual delivery technologies using orally disintegrating tablet technology. CannaNASAL™ is a nasal delivery technology using liposomal nanoparticles and CannaDERME™ is our transdermal technology using nano-emulsion for fast absorption of cannabinoid compounds. The technologies and formulations of these technologies are completed and medical device products based on these core-technologies are being developed.
"One of the major issue in cannabis use for medical purpose is the precise dosing and delivery technology. As a scientific team, we are taking on that challenge; with our in-house engineering and cannabis science expertise, we have developed various delivery and device technologies which will have far-reaching impact on how to effectively deliver precise dose of cannabis compounds to the patients," said Bobban Subhadra, M.S., Ph.D, Chief Operating Officer of CB Scientific. "Pain-patch, which is a transdermal device for targeted delivery of cannabinoids, is the result of that commitment," they added.
Pain-Patch™
CB Scientific has developed Pain-Patch using a combination of CannaDERME transdermal delivery and state-of-the art smart device technology for relieving various kinds of pain symptoms. CB Scientific has formulated cannabidiol-based Pain-Patch for proof-of-concept studies. Highlights include:
Cannabidiol is one of the key cannabinoid constituents in Hemp Plant. CBD is non-psychoactive and safe compound with a wide range of therapeutic applications, including the treatment of neural disorders and clinical studies have suggested a wide range of possible therapeutic effects of cannabidiol on several conditions.
The Pain-Patch has transcutaneous cannabinoid penetration technology coupled with thermosensitive nano-emulsion for sustained release of compounds for longer time. The device delivers therapeutic doses to brain via brain stem for whole-body effect.
The goal of these patches are to produce a pain-patch with a small footprint for easy concealment, a strong formula to counteract the decreased quality of life for individuals who suffer with systemic pain, a long shelf-life and the use of non-toxic and non-abrasive components to create the most comfortable and effective patch on the market using this technology.
CB Scientific is gearing up for conducting clinical studies using Pain-Patch for various indications such as stress and anxiety relief, cognitive focus, various kinds of pain, migraines etc.
DIAGNOSTIC TECHNOLOGIES AND PRODUCTS
CB Scientific is also expanding its portfolio of diagnostics and testing technologies by improving existing products and release of new products. CB Scientific has developed and marketed Test 4 kits Technology using a novel approach to rapidly detect THC, CBD and other cannabinoids from a variety of samples. Launched in 2015, our first generation Test4 kits has been well received worldwide.
Using unique detection chemistry, CB Scientific brings safe, quick and easy to determine results to you through our detection kits. We are now in the process of completing development of the 4th generation Test4Kits with a much more user-friendly and faster detection time. Further, CB Scientific has developed and marketed UPrep™, a cannabinoid sampling technology for cannabinoids testing market.
"Excellent feedback from our existing customers have prompted us to come-up with a redesigned, simpler, more user-friendly version," said John Verghese, Chief Technology Officer of CB Scientific. "We want to expand the market of our next generation Test4 kits to health care, education and law enforcement sectors," they added.
About CB Scientific, Inc.
CB Scientific (www.cbscientific.com), through its subsidiaries, designs, develops and manufactures Life Science Analytical Tools and Devices, Medical Delivery Systems, laboratory services, personal analytical kits and devices and CBD hemp oil and nutraceutical formulations for growers, care takers, dispensaries and companies worldwide. CB Scientific is continuing to develop new technologies specifically for cannabis (hemp) analytics. CB Scientific believes every product sold to patients as "Medical Quality" should be inspected for health benefits, safety, consistency, purity, potency and packaged properly for distribution. CB Scientific has worked with many of the cannabis industry leaders in the country and have also been featured in cannabis industry publications including High Times Magazine, Culture and many trade publications, on-air interviews and panel discussions across the United States. CB Scientific's focus has been the education and safety of consumers combined with innovation to put power into the hands of the patients.
To request further information about CB Scientific, please email us at info@cbscientific.com, log onto our website at http://www.cbscientific.com or visit us on Twitter @cbscientific and Facebook at cbscientificinc.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release may contain forward-looking statements covered within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements relate to, among other things, plans and timing for the introduction or enhancement of our services and products, statements about future market conditions, supply and demand conditions, and other expectations, intentions and plans contained in this press release that are not historical fact and involve risks and uncertainties. Our expectations regarding future revenues depend upon our ability to develop and supply products and services that we may not produce today and that meet defined specifications. When used in this press release, the words "plan," "expect," "believe," and similar expressions generally identify forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our current expectations. They are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, changes in technology and changes in pervasive markets. This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 27E of the Securities Act of 1934. Statements contained in this release that are not historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain. Actual performance and results may differ materially from that projected or suggested herein due to certain risks and uncertainties including, without limitation, ability to obtain financing and regulatory and shareholder approval for anticipated actions.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Isis says it carried out Istanbul nightclub attack
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
By Remae Merle | Washington Post
Federal regulators on Wednesday approved a broad proposal easing financial crisis-era regulations on risky trading, delivering Wall Street one of its biggest victories yet in the Trump era.
The changes will give big banks, including Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, a reprieve nearly a decade after risky trading was blamed for contributing to the near collapse of the U.S. financial sector. It will also provide another boost to an industry already reporting record profits – $56 billion during the first three months of this year.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
The Trump administration has ushered in a swift change in fortunes for the banking industry. After spending years grumbling about the cost of new regulations and being regularly pummeled by regulators and lawmakers for financial crisis-era misdeeds, the industry has flexed its muscles again and secured some high-profile victories.
Already, Congress has blocked federal rules that would have made it easier for consumers to sue their banks and rescinded a five-year-old Obama-era policy warning auto lenders against allowing minority borrowers to be charged more than their white peers. Last week, President Donald Trump signed legislation rolling back key parts of 2010s financial reform law, known as Dodd Frank.
But for many big banks, the Federal Reserve's decision on Wednesday to heed their years of complaints about the “Volcker Rule” is among the potentially most impactful changes. The rule was established after the global financial crisis to prevent taxpayer-insured banks from making some risky financial bets. But the industry called it too cumbersome and time-consuming and spent years calling for changes.
On Wednesday, the Federal Reserve agreed. “Our goal is to replace overly complex and inefficient requirements with a more streamlined set of requirements,” said Fed Chairman Jerome Powell.
The proposal still must be approved by four other banking regulators, but the Fed's vote is a major step and other regulators are expected to quickly follow.
The proposed changes are expected to boost the profits of some of the industry's biggest players and could help build momentum for future banking deregulatory efforts, industry experts said. In the next few months, regulators are expected to address rules outlining how the government enforces a four-decade-old fair lending law that compels banks to lend to borrowers in low- and moderate-income neighborhoods. And a Trump appointee leading the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has begun a top-to-bottom review of the agency, which has been widely criticized by bankers as well as Republicans.
The Volcker Rule was one of the complex regulations to come out of Dodd Frank. Regulators spent years crafting hundreds of pages of rules aimed at stopping financial institutions that make loans and offer checking and savings accounts from taking on the same type of risks as hedge funds. Restricting risky trading under the rule, which was named for Paul Volcker, a former chairperson of the Federal Reserve, has made the financial system safer, supporters of the rule say. Volcker said in a statement that though they welcomed efforts to simplify the rule, “What is critical is that simplification not undermine the core principle at stake – that taxpayer banking groups, of any size, not participate in proprietary trading at odds with the basic public and customers' interests.”
Regulators and banking industry officials have both acknowledged the difficultly of trying to distinguish between speculative activities, known as “proprietary trading,” which the rule intends to limit, and other types of activities such as “market-making,” in which banks buy and sell securities to clients, or hedging, in which banks attempt to offset risk in their holdings.
The proposed new rule, dubbed Volcker 2.0, would continue to ban proprietary trading, regulators stressed and would not allow Wall Street to return to its trading heydays. But it would simply the process for determining which types of trading are permitted and which aren't. The original rule also generally prohibited banks from holding stakes in a hedge fund. But that would now be allowed in some cases. The revised rule also scales the level of scrutiny facing banks to their size. Banks that do the most trading would receive the most scrutiny.
“Our initial read is that this should offer compliance relief, which should save the banks money,” Jaret Seiberg, financial services analyst at Cowen Research Group, wrote in a note on Wednesday
All three sitting Fed governors, including Lael Brainard, a Democrat, voted in favor of moving the proposal forward.
“The premise of the Volcker rule is compelling. Banks should not engage in speculative trading activity for which the federal safety net was never intended,” Brainard said. The proposal, they said, would is crafted to enact the rule in a more efficient way.
The banking industry said it welcomed the Federal Reserve's actions. It represents “the growing recognition by policymakers of the unintended negative impact due to the excessive complexity of the current regulations,” Kenneth Bentsen, chief executive of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, an industry lobbying group, said in a statement.
But the proposal may not go far enough, Bentsen said. “We remain concerned that the current regulatory framework is overly restrictive, impeding beneficial market activity at the expense of the economy and, ultimately, consumers.”
Consumer advocates warned that banks could exploit even a small loophole created by regulators. The rule's complexity is a byproduct of lawmakers' and regulators' attempts to accommodate the industry's initial concerns, they argue. And despite the rule's complexity, banks have strongly rebounded since the financial crisis. “Even as banks make record profits, their former banker buddies turned regulators are doing them favors by rolling back a rule that protects taxpayers from another bailout. This kind of corruption is common in Trump's Washington,” said Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., a fierce Wall Street critic.
And it comes as regulators have recently begun warning that as the economy rebounds some banks are taking on more risks. “The interest-rate environment and competitive lending conditions continue to pose challenges for many institutions,” FDIC Chairman Martin Gruenberg said last week. “Some banks have responded by ‘reaching for yield' through investing in higher-risk and longer-term assets.”
The AHA said little is known about stroke care and trends over time for Asian Americans. For this particular study, researchers reviewed the outcomes of close to 1.8 million ischemic stroke patients. Around 96 percent were white and 4 percent Asian American, according to the AHA.
In their analysis, researchers found that compared to whites, being Asian American was associated with having poorer functional recovery, receiving the clot-busting drug tPA (tissue plasminogen activator, also known as r-TPA) less frequently, and experiencing more serious complications with tPA, despite receiving it quickly, the AHA said.
Considered the gold standard, tPA is the only FDA-approved treatment for ischemic strokes, which account for 87 percent of all strokes, according to the AHA.
Data for the study came from the American Heart Association/American Stroke Association's Get with the Guidelines-Stroke database.
One positive note from the research was that it appeared stroke care for Asian Americans and whites had improved over time, according to Song.
“Looking from 2004 to 2016, our study shows that overall, patients with acute ischemic stroke are recovering more, and they are receiving more IV tPA, with fewer complications and better post-stroke care,” Song said.
The study does have limitations, Song noted. One is that all Asian Americans were lumped together, making it difficult to pull out meaningful findings for individual ethnic groups.
“We really don't know, in this study, which groups of Asian-Americans may have had higher risk, versus some may have had lower risk,” said Dr. Philip B. Gorelick, a spokesperson for the American Stroke Association. “So I don't think we want to generalize to all Asian-Americans as one group.”
Song noted how populations across the Asian-American spectrum vary in many ways.
“Aside from differences in language, differences in stroke risk factors, diet and lifestyle, and other cultural factors, make compiling all Asian-American groups into one single group problematic,” they said.
Nonetheless, Gorelick said there was a key take-home message for all populations.
“Blood pressure control is really important, as well as other modifiable risk factor control for stroke,” they said.
Limited attention has been paid to strokes and stroke care among Asian Americans because of barriers in care, education and research, according to the AHA. Song said that this preliminary research was a good first step.
“This information gives us the urgency and the credibility to do more research in Asian Americans, who have historically been understudied in the stroke and cardiovascular literature,” they said.
Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
Good day sir. Please I have an enquiry to make on behalf of my uncle.  They are in their sixties and cannot get an erection. They also just married a new wife and will like any product that enhances fertility.  They are neither hypertensivenor diabetic – Lanre
There are several supplements that can give them an erection. Stiff Nights is a good example and so is Man Up Now. Any of these two supplements will help them get an erection hard enough for meaningful and long lasting intercourse. Regarding the fertility aspect, did they do a hospital test that confirmed their impotence? If not, just for their age, I will recommend Volume Pills. Volume Pills improves virility by increasing semen quantity and boosting motility. Motility means the speed with which the sperm cells reach the egg.  They are an older man so they may need a little help in that department – Uche
Hello sir. Sometimes I need a little help getting aroused. I am very hypertensive so I generally avoid erection drugs. I do get erections but it is not always easy to come by – Luke
Luke if you do get erections, then what seems to be lacking is just an arousal trigger and there are different ways to achieve this without supplements. Using a penis enlargement pump is one option. With it you can pump whenever you want to have sex to get a very firm and large erection. For this, get the Handsome Up Penis Pump. Adult films and magazines can also help arouse you of which we have several. So those are your options. Call the office on the numbers here for a guide on how and what to order– Uche
My husband says I don't initiate sex so they are upset. This is a big issue causing fights between us. I am not sure what I am supposed to do. They always initiate sex which covers for both of us – Ifeoma
Ifeoma everybody wants to feel loved. Being in a relationship with a woman who makes no effort at intimacy sometimes feels like being rejected or that they are just managing to put up with you. This is not a good feeling. When you initiate sex, it is not the same thing as them initiating it. When it comes from you, it makes them feel wanted and loved. When it comes from him, sex sometimes feels like a favorhe is begging for. Nobody wants to always feel like the beggar in a relationship. So make the move occasionally. If you need help with arousal, get a supplement like G Female Tablets or Libigirl Pills. But you need to make an effort if you really care about your marriage – Uche
I wanted a firmer erection and read about the supplement Stiff Nights. I ordered it before I left for Port Harcourt and I only just tried it when I came back over the weekend. It is not bad at all. Great stuff – Nyemike
I used the G Magic Rabbit Vibrator and it was …wow! I didn't know what to expect at first. I must have climaxed and squirted four or five times. This is wonderfully weird – Mary
You are welcome. G Magicis a top quality pleasure device for women – Uche
Hello sir. I just wanted to say thank you for the Max Man Delay Creamyou recommended for my premature ejaculation problems. It is always strange how humans can suffer froma particular problem for so long and when help finally comes, you forget everything you have been through. But I shouldn't have forgotten to say thank you – Isa
You are welcome – Uche
That is all for today. The names of the people featured here have been changed for their privacy. Adults in need of these treatments/novelties can call us on 08171912551, 08027901621 or 07086754515 for help or visit www.zeevirtualmedia.comto place their orders with their computers or on their phones with thezee mobile shopping app. Zee Virtual Media delivers all over Nigeria. For enquiries email us at custserv@zeevirtualmedia.com-Uche Edochie, MD, Zee Virtual Media.
The post Common sexual problems and their novelty based solutions appeared first on Vanguard News.
