Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
New research in mice suggests a certain genetic mutation can cause an energy deficit in immune cells in the brain responsible for clearing away plaques connected to Alzheimer's risk.
When such cells are running on empty, they can't protect neurons from harmful plaques that tend to collect in the brain as people get older.
People with specific mutations in the gene TREM2 are three times more likely to develop Alzheimer's disease than those who carry more common variants of the gene. But until now, scientists had no explanation for the link.
“Everybody has some plaques, but the activity of these cells affects how much damage the plaques do,” says senior author Marco Colonna, a professor of pathology at Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis.
“So if you have dysfunction in these cells, you have an accelerated process of neurodegeneration. If the cells are more functional, you can delay the process,” Colonna says.
The findings suggest that energizing the brain's cleanup crew–made up of a kind of immune cell known as microglia–could reduce neurological damage and forestall the memory loss and confusion experienced by people with Alzheimer's disease.
“…microglia need to be on their game to deal with the threats to the neurons.”
Amyloid beta is a sticky protein that neurons release as a byproduct of their normal functioning. The protein is harmless if swept away quickly, but when it starts forming plaques it can injure the neurons nearby.
Colonna and colleagues previously had shown that normal microglia surround and wall in the plaques, keeping the area of injury contained. Microglia from mice lacking TREM2, however, allow the plaques to spread and damage neurons more extensively.
To find out why microglia carrying certain TREM2 variants fail to do their job, Colonna, postdoctoral researcher Tyler Ulland, and their colleagues studied microglia from mice genetically predisposed to develop amyloid plaques and lacking TREM2.
When they viewed the microglia under a microscope, they saw that the microglia were digesting and recycling their own proteins, a sign that their energy stores were running low.
The researchers also looked at microglia from people who had died of Alzheimer's disease and carried high-risk TREM2 mutations. These cells, too, had been eating their own proteins.
If TREM2 deficiency led to an energy shortage, the researchers reasoned, then providing the microglia with a source of extra energy might restore their ability to do their job. The researchers gave mouse microglia an energy-rich compound called cyclocreatine, and the microglia once again surrounded amyloid plaques.
To find out whether the compound could reduce damage to a living brain, the researchers fed cyclocreatine or a placebo for six months to mice lacking TREM2. In the brains of mice fed cyclocreatine, microglia surrounded the plaques and neurons showed significantly less damage.
“If you supplement the microglial metabolic capacity, you can reduce a lot of the damage,” Ulland says. “What this shows are that microglia need to be on their game to deal with the threats to the neurons.”
“We strongly advise against going to the store and buying up cyclocreatine for your parents or grandparents…”
Cyclocreatine and its cousin creatine are sold as dietary supplements to build muscle. However, the compounds have been linked to heart disease, kidney disease, and metabolic problems. The researchers have begun evaluating other compounds that can support energy metabolism without the dangerous side effects of cyclocreatine.
“We strongly advise against going to the store and buying up cyclocreatine for your parents or grandparents,” says Colonna, who is also a professor of medicine. “Taking cyclocreatine, especially for a long time, carries real and serious risks.”
TREM2 is one of about a dozen genes related to microglial function and that raise the risk of developing Alzheimer's, suggesting that fully functional microglia play an important role in the brain's defenses against the disease.
“We're trying to find out now if it is possible to hyperactivate microglia so they have better-than-normal function,” Colonna says. “If you can only restore normal function, then microglial treatments will be only useful for people who have microglial deficiency. But if you can hyperactivate the microglia, then this therapy could be useful for everybody. It's an intriguing possibility.”
The study appears in the journal Cell. National Institutes of Health (NIH) grants, a Charles F. and Joanne Knight Alzheimer's Disease Research Center grant; the Cure Alzheimer's Fund; a National Multiple Sclerosis Society grant; and a Government of Russian Federation grant funded the research.
Source: Washington University in St. Louis
A friend of the Upper West Side nanny on trial for butchering two little kids testified Monday that the woman had been acting oddly — collapsing into crying fits and stabbing at food in the weeks leading up to the murders.
Raquel Perez told jurors that accused child killer Yoselyn Ortega would cry uncontrollably whenever they got together in September and October 2012, but refused to say why.
see also 'Killer' nanny finally cries during psychiatrist's testimony The Upper West Side nanny accused of brutally murdering two...
​​Once, after the 55-year-old fell onto the couch in hysterics, Perez said they made Ortega a plate of food.
The nanny — just weeks before they repeatedly stabbed Lucia and Leo Krim, ages 6 and 2, respectively — took their fork and knife and repeatedly plunged the utensils into the food in an upright motion, Perez said.
“I asked them what was wrong, why they were crying,” Perez said through a Spanish interpreter. “She told me ‘nothing.' ”
Ortega, who is mounting an insanity defense, has claimed they were “touched by the devil,” when they stabbed the tots to death in their bathtub on Oct. 25, 2012 before plunging the knife into their own neck.
Perez, who met Ortega in their native Dominican Republic, largely avoided eye contact with their former pal. Conversely, Ortega offered Perez a few unreturned smiles before settling into their normal, stoic manner.
Perez testified that Ortega never told them about hearing demonic or supernatural voices, and said they loved the children they would later kill.
“She would tell me that they loved them very much, that they were good kids, that they were very intelligent,” Perez said.
Looking for Golden Knights Western Conference Finals tickets? Here's how to get them.
The Golden Knights announced that single game tickets for the Western Conference Finals go on sale to the general public on Thursday, May 10 at noon PT. The Vegas Golden Knights start the series on the road Saturday, facing off against the winner of the Nashville Predators - Winnipeg Jets series.
The organization said full season members would get detailed ticket information by Wednesday afternoon, and if they're "in good standing," they can take advantage of the "Cheer Now, Pay Later" and pay for the tickets after the round is over.
After member presales, single game tickets for the general public will go on sale at www.vegasgoldenknights.com/tickets. Tickets sold for games not played will be refunded within seven to ten days, the organization said.
Members enrolled in the "Knights Vow" can get discounted tickets, by losing the ability to resell tickets on StubHub. Those intending to resell tickets on Stubhub will still see a savings for the single game price. Half and quarter season members will have presale access at discounted prices as well. Members of the Can't Wait List, (full or partial season ticket holders for the 2018-19 season only) will also get information for the presale.
The Golden Knights are scheduled to host Games 3, 4 and if necessary, Game 6 at T-Mobile Arena. Those games were scheduled for May 16, 18, and 22. For a complete schedule of the series, click here.
For questions, call 702-645-4259, or email members@vegasgoldenknights.com.
RELATED: Golden Knights supporters warn fellow fans about ticket scams
The organization said fans should check its website regularly because more tickets may become available throughout the playoffs.
Fans who bought tickets to game seven of the Sharks series will get refunds before May 23, the organization said.
For full FOX5 Golden Knights coverage, click here.
Stay with FOX5 throughout the Stanley Cup Playoffs to follow the team's historic run.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Good morning, here are our early stories:
-- International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize.
-- Las Vegas Shooter's Life Comes Into Focus, But Not Their Motive.
-- Speaking Freely, Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP They Could Oppose Tax Plan.
And here are more early headlines:
Trump's Cryptic Reference To "Calm Before The Storm". (NBC)
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane. (NHC)
U.K. Leader Says They Have Support After Speech With Mishaps. (BBC)
Questions About Catalonia's Independence Effort. (New York Times)
Lakers rookie Lonzo Ball traveled to New York one time before this weekend, for the NBA draft. One element stood out.
“People are very strong and passionate out here,” Ball said about the attitudes of the typical New Yorker who will argue to the death over intricate philosophical points; like who stunk more, the Washington Generals or the 2014-15 Knicks?
Ball wants to experience playing in front of that fervor in the Garden. They get their chance Tuesday when the Lakers play the third leg of a four-game trip against the Knicks. Ball explained what thrills them about this specific arena.
“All the great players that go there usually play good and if they don't, you're going to hear about it,” Ball said after Lakers practice Monday at Baruch College. “Definitely Carmelo [Anthony] when they played in there. LeBron [James] had some great games in there. And it goes all the way back to [Michael] Jordan.”
Legend says there were guys named Willis and Clyde and Pearl who had some nice games there, too.
“Every kid dreams about playing there. There's a lot of history there,” Ball said.
see also Kristaps Porzingis feels for Lonzo Ball Blood is thicker than water. And a lot trickier to...
Ball has been as hyped as almost any athlete in memory, much of it through the insatiable marketing/promoting of their father, LaVar Ball, who has parlayed their son's talents and skills into the Big Baller brand of athletic gear. Ball appeared at a pop-up sales event Sunday on West 14th Street before a huge throng.
“I didn't count them but there were a lot of people. I got out of the car and said, ‘Wow, it's cold out here.' I wouldn't stand out there in that cold but they definitely did it,” said Ball, averaging 8.6 points, 6.8 rebounds and 7.1 assists for the 10-15 Lakers. “I mean everybody was calling my dad a legend. That was about the funniest. Just yelling out the brand saying ‘LaVar is my hero.'”
LaVar has garnered more attention than your average parent, assuming that parent doesn't have children named Ivanka, Barron, Tiffany, Eric and Donald Jr. While most of America compares LaVar to fingernails on a blackboard, some insist he's no problem.
“He's been nothing but supportive. He's a great guy and he's great to have around at games. A good basketball mind,” Lakers center Brook Lopez said. “People assume there are problems with the team, but it couldn't be farther from the case. We're in a great situation and obviously we're happy with Zo as our point guard.”
Must be that fake news stuff.
Playing in the Garden won't be the only big first time event for Ball. After facing the Knicks, the Lakers go to Cleveland, home of one LeBron James.
“It's going to be a lot of fun. … It's at the Garden and all the history there and then LeBron, the best player in the world. It's going to be two challenges and I'm definitely looking forward to it,” Ball said.
“Those are big opportunities, challenges, however you want to look at them but honestly every time we play someone, it's exciting to see how he's gonna go about it,” said Lakers coach Luke Walton, who spoke about the excitement of playing in the Garden, especially for the first time.
“There's just an energy in that building. The history, the games, the Knicks being the organization they are. For whatever reason, probably different for each person but any time you go in there and play, it's just a special feeling,” said Walton, who said they may address the emotional impact of the venue with Ball — probably Tuesday — or they may just let the rookie discover stuff on their own.
Ball already has endured a roller-coaster season.  They are learning on the fly, playing the hardest NBA position to master.  They are still learning teammates and foes.
“It's starting to click now. We see that we play a lot better when we play with a lot of pace,” Ball said. “The more you play in the league, the better you should get. I'm doing that. Started off, things were moving kind of fast and now everything is kind of slowing down.”
Growth in Automation Adoption Spurs Americas Sales Team Expansion
DALLAS, TX--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Worksoft®, a leading global provider of automation software for high-velocity business process discovery and testing, today announced Mike Solomon has joined the company as Senior Vice President of Sales, Americas. In their new role, Solomon is responsible for leading all aspects of Worksoft's sales practices and operations across North and South America, with a mission to grow the sales organization in response to rapidly increasing market demand for automation solutions.
"We are pleased to welcome Mike Solomon to Worksoft as we look to elevate and expand our sales team and our customer base across new industries and geographies," said Jim Kent, CEO, Worksoft. "Mike brings a tremendous amount of industry experience to our executive team, with over 25 years of senior leadership experience in sales and marketing. Their successful track record in enterprise sales makes them an ideal leader to our senior sales team as we advance our Americas sales strategy, processes and execution," they said.
An accomplished software sales leader, Solomon has experience in every facet of sales and marketing for emerging businesses, high growth companies and established market leaders. Prior to joining Worksoft, Solomon was the U.S. sales manager at Kronos, the leading provider of workforce management and human capital management cloud solutions. They have also held senior and executive roles at Dun & Bradstreet, Ariba, Siebel Systems and Concur Technologies. They hold a B.S. in Accounting from Bentley University.
About Worksoft Inc.
Worksoft® is a leading global provider of automation software for high-velocity business process testing and discovery. Enterprises worldwide use Worksoft intelligent automation to innovate faster, lower technology risk, reduce costs, improve quality, and deeply understand their real end-to-end business processes. Global 5000 companies across all industries choose Worksoft for high speed process discovery and functional testing of digital, web, cloud, mobile, big data, and dozens of enterprise applications, including SAP, Oracle, and Salesforce.com. For more information, contact Worksoft at info@worksoft.com or visit www.worksoft.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130339/Images/mikesolomon-lg2-73d7887bfde289fa964353ec9fcacae6.jpg
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Amazon
Flowers and candy are great. We say go for it. But if you want to go a little extra, we've got you covered with some unique gifts that she's not likely going to buy for herself. Isn't spoiling them the whole point of Valentine's Day?
Romantic Gifts for Her: A Definition
It would be easy to suggest a giant Teddy Bear (this one is 6'5″, $109), or a big beautiful box of Godiva chocolates. In fact, we have no problem with either. But as tried and true as those types of gifts are, the fact that they are old Valentine's stand-by gifts means that they don't always come with that special something. And, in this case, the special something is a unique gift. Some of the items in our list are somewhat traditional, but we think they're all beautiful or practical and, again, something that she's not going to indulge in herself. This list is about spoiling them with something they didn't expect.
Valentine's Gifts for Her: Other Options
We've got a couple more curated lists of Valentine's Day gifts that you can take a look at. Maybe they're not headlined in a way that you might think will be right for your current mission. But we're sure that you'll find something great on one of these lists:
Top 10 Best Unique Valentine's Day Gifts for Mom
Top 20 Best Engraved Gifts 2018
Valentine's Day: What is the Meaning of This?
There are several points of view on how it is that Valentine's Day became a thing. Take a look at this video from The History Channel for an overview.
Valentine's Gifts for Them
Whatever the provenance of Valentine's Day and whatever it means to you – and them – we're sure she's gonna love whatever it is you choose from our list of the Top 10 Best Romantic Gifts for Them
1. Alexander Del Rossa Long Fleece Hooded Robe
Alexander Del Rossa
Romantic because it's a plush, super-feel-good robe. Romantic because it's kinda personal to be gifting someone a robe. Very practical, too, for when they get out of the shower or up and out of bed to come to the kitchen and partake in the delicious breakfast you've made them This Valentine's gift for them is microfiber fleece and is the definition of warm and soft. It's got a big, generous hood, a robe tie and two big front pockets. The robe comes in 16 different colors. It's an extremely popular product: more than 750 customer reviews with a 4.3 out of 5-star rating.
Price: $49.99-59.98 (depending on size/color selected)
2. Casio GMAS130-7A Step Tracker G-Shock Watch
Casio
Who isn't counting steps these days? And that's why this – something called the decidedly unromantic name of GMAS130-7A – is, in fact, a romantic gift: you're caring about their heart health! A watch is always a personal gift, regardless of its features, and the G-Shock is a legendary watch from Casio so it's a great choice. Whatever kind of move they bust for their health, this watch is a great Valentine's gift for them It features the step tracker, a multi-functional second hand, step count history, step count graph, step goal progress and step reminder (including an audible alert). The watch is equipped with a double LED light and is water resistant to 660 feet. A good bargain right now at 15 percent off. Another Casio we really like…that we're sure she'll love…is the Casio Women's Baby-G. Comes in at an even lower price point ($96).
3. Handmade Preserved Rose in Metal Rose Case
MFFD
Price: $109.90 (15 percent off MSRP)
We're not suggesting that you eliminate the procurement of a bouquet of fresh flowers this Valentine's Day, but maybe you can't score one. Alternative (or add-on) idea is right here. This is a real rose from Ecuador that has been preserved and will last for up to five years. The rose is available in red, pink, blue, purple or rainbow. The case is metal, with a faux diamond set in the pinnacle of the rose shaped case. It comes in a gift-ready latching box with a bow. An Amazon's Choice product, this Valentine's gift for them is very popular with previous shoppers. More than 90 reviews and an incredible 4.7 out of 5-star rating. Another option is the DeFaith long stem preserved rose ($44.99).
Price: $25.99
4. XOXO 10k Gold Bracelet
SL Gold Imports
If you'll forgive the cliched writing, this really is a timeless classic. When you think of romantic gifts for her, we're hoping that a great looking piece of gold jewelry pops to mind. We're popping this one into the forefront of your thoughts because it would be a great Valentine's gift for them It's from SL Gold Imports and it's 10k of pure gold. The XO design is available in either a 7-inch length or an 8-inch length. The bracelet closes with a lobster clasp, which means it's easy on, easy off. This piece comes in either white gold, yellow gold or a combo white-yellow gold. Another option from SL Gold Imports is this 10k gold XOXO bracelet, which is stamped, on every other link, with the letters to form “I Love You.”
5. Gourmet Biscotti from Barnett's
Barnett's Fine Biscotti
Price: $316.31
Treats for the sweet have pretty much never looked this good. This is a great Valentine's gift for them because it really is unique. The gift-ready, bow-tied box from Barnett's is filled with 24 biscotti that are decorated in crazy good looking ways. There are eight different flavors — three biscotti in each flavor:
Caramel Chip
Almond Crunch
Cookie Crunch
Nut Cruch
Craisin
Peppermint
Sunflower Seeds
The biscotti themselves are baked fresh and then dipped in chocolate and finished with the toppings. Seriously, this is a great looking gift and it's pretty special. Something just about equally good looking from Barnett's is their gift box of Oreos that are made in, basically, the same way (dipped in chocolate, topped with great stuff) and packaged just as nicely. A bit more fun since they're Oreos.
6. “Date Night In” Recipe Book for Your Relationship
Amazon
Price: $35.99
First of all, the title of the book hits a romantic home run: Date Night In: More Than 120 Recipes to Nourish Your Relationship. The author, Ashley Rodriguez, says that they and their husband let their relationship evolve to a point where they were no longer taking the time to “prioritize each other.” Thus began their remedy and tradition: “(A) weekly date night at home to saute, roast, mix, dice, and spend time reconnecting over delicious meals.” Just a few examples:
Crostini with ricotta, prosciutto and peas
Tomato and fennel gazpacho with dengeness crab
Fennel-crusted lamb chops
Dulce de leche and nectarine creamsicles
Sounds tasty. Should be fun with the cookbook (really, a guidebook) that lets the two of you be the two of you. Very practical, lots of great photos. Another book any pair could use is 175 Best Date Ideas: The Ultimate Bucket List of Dates for Couples($12.12/paper – $9.99/e-book).
7. FAB First Aid Beauty Faves to Go Kit
First Aid Beauty
Price: $16.26 (hardcover) – $15.99 (e-book)
This is a great starter kit from a company that's recommended and repped by Arielle Noa Charnas of “Something Navy” beauty-lifestyle blog. It's a proper romantic gift for them because it allows them to take great care of herself. The kit is travel size, so think of it as a trial run. Includes:
Face cleanser – two ounces
Ultra-repair cream – two ounces
Facial radiance pads – 28 count
The cleanser gently and effectively removes makeup, dirt and grime; the pads are a daily treatment to impart lactic and glycolic acids; the cream is a “head-to-toe” moisturizer with a whipped, non-greasy texture that provides instant relief and long-term hydration. First Aid Beauty is made without artificial colors or fragrances, parabens, alcohol, lanolin, propylene glycol, phthalates, mineral oil, petrolatum and sulfates. This kit is an Amazon's Choice product and receives great reviews from customers (4-star rating). Key ingredients include:
Colloidal Oatmeal: FDA-designated skin protectant that relieves itching and minor irritation caused by eczema, rashes and other skin conditions.
Glycerin: A natural humectant that helps hydrate and smooth skin's appearance.
Glycolic Acid: An Alpha Hydroxy Acid, helps skin appear brighter, exfoliates and improves texture.
Lactic Acid: A humectant and alpha hydroxy acid that helps skin appear brighter, exfoliates and improves texture.
As an alternative — or add-on — the Zwilling J.A. Henckels 5 Piece Complete Grooming Set ($179) is a great option.
Price: $26.99
8. Ocean Bliss Spa Gift Basket
Giftsational
Another option for a little pamper-themed Valentine's gift for them The Ocean Bliss Spa Gift Basket is an Amazon's Choice product and it gets super-high reviews — 4.3 out of 5 stars. In a nutshell, this gift is giving them the right to have some much deserved “me time.” A miniature (and reusable) shiny bathtub holds a load of goodies:
Shower gel
Bubble bath
Body scrub
Bath crystals
Bath fizzers
Rose shaped exfoliating sponge
It comes gift-ready, with the products tucked into the little tub and wrapped with a bow. The products themselves, which are 100 percent cruelty free, are attractive and will look good in any woman's bathroom.
9. Vince Women's Saddle Cashmere Turtleneck
Price: $34.99
This is the big, extravagant splurge of the list, but she's worth it (of course). Fashion line “Vince” makes beautiful clothes for men and women, and these Women's Saddle Cashmere Turtleneck may be the most beautiful of all. It's 100 percent cashmere and, therefore, needs to be hand washed or dry cleaned. It's a pullover with contrasting rib knit neck, cuffs and hem. Comes in two colors: either Coastal Blue or Lizard (hmmm), which is a deep green. Another option that's on a great sale right now is the Lark & Ro Women's Cashmere Slouchy Turtleneck Pullover ($58, which is 60 percent off MSRP). The Lark & Ro is available in seven different colors.
10. Kendall + Kylie Women's Silver Wallet
Kendall + Kylie
Price: $230.55-$295 (depending on size/color selected)
Very on-trend and very practical. This blazing silver Skye Wallet from the Kendall + Kylie Collection features a zipper closure and a wristlet strap so it works in a handbag or just by itself. The imported poly wallet features five exterior front credit card slots. The lining is made of cotton and the signature logo is embossed on the front. The wallet, which dropped on Amazon in December 2017, is 4×7 inches. If you want to include a Kendall + Kylie handbag, this Brook Nano Mini Satchel would rock very well.
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Price: $75
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. They showed no emotion as they stated their name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered them remanded in custody until they appear by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
The year 2016 in Illinois brought economic uncertainty as Springfield legislators, both Democrat and Republican, refused to budge over a state budget and finally agreed to a “stop-gap” proposal that expired Dec. 31.
Although the state begins the New Year with a bill backlog of $13.5 billion and a standoff between Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner and Democrat statehouse leaders Michael Madigan and John Cullerton, there are hopeful signs that 2017 may bring solutions to some of the state's worst problems.
Equitable school funding in Illinois for 2017?
Lawsuits in other states may break the logjam blocking equitable school funding in Illinois, possibly as early as 2017.
Relying heavily on property taxes instead of income taxes to fund Illinois schools has resulted in a state school system that is the worst example nationally for education inequality. The harsh reality for lower-income area schools was only made more glaring by the 2016 state budget impasse that kept Illinois schools from receiving their state funds until the last-minute “Stop Gap” budget was filed in July, 2016.
Other state courts are setting precedents that may influence Illinois next year. In September, after an 11-year legal battle, Connecticut Superior Court Thomas Moukawsher decreed that the state legislature had 180 days to overhaul a school funding formula that they branded “irrational.” Supreme courts in Kansas, Pennsylvania and Washington have all moved ahead with similar cases brought against states with inequitable school funding formulas.
The General Assembly failed to pass SB 16, which would have re-apportioned state aid to address funding gaps in Illinois's poorest school districts. But bi-partisan legislators are working on a state education panel appointed by Rauner. State Sen. Andy Manar (D-Bunker Hill), and Sen. Jason Barickman (R-Bloomington) and others are closer to revamping the education formula. One element is a one-time $600 million cushion that would make sure no local school districts lost funding to shore up low-income districts. Another proposed idea is evaluating districts with an “evidence-based model,” which would calculate state funding based on elements such as class sizes and the number of special education students. The panel has until Feb. 1 to make recommendations.
Corporate tax credits for employing Illinois residents may return in 2017
If the General Assembly can agree on anything, it can understand the advantages when big national corporations like Amazon take advantage of a state payroll tax credit. Corporations receive about $10,000 over 10 years for every Illinois employee they hire. The EDGE credit expired Dec. 31, but is likely to be renewed in 2017 because it is so valuable.
In December, just under the wire, Amazon announced it would create 1,000 new warehouse fulfillment jobs in Aurora, as well as build two warehouses. Amazon already hires 5,000 Illinois employees at fulfillment centers in Romeoville, Joliet, Monee and Edwardsville. Jobs pay around $13 per hour and provide health benefits.
“To bring 1,000 new jobs to Aurora at one location is unprecedented and to do so via Amazon, one of the most recognized brands in the world, is monumental,” said Aurora Mayor Robert J. O'Connor.
Amazon said Illinois is ideal because of “a talented workforce, central location in the Unites States and the North American market, and a world-class transportation hub.”
If the General Assembly could agree to extend the EDGE credit, other national corporations may follow suit and bring their businesses to Illinois.
Reversing state population drops and university “brain drains” in 2017
Just before Christmas, Illinoisans got the news that 114,144 residents had left the state between July, 2015 and July 2016. Net population has dropped by 37,508, part of a three-year trend unseen in any other state. This was the largest number in recent history and the biggest exodus in the Midwest. (Michigan lost 27,839 residents, Wisconsin dropped by 12,395 and about 12,135 left Indiana last year.) The drop in Illinois population may result in a loss of U.S. Congressional seats if the trend continues.
Of those who left the state, about 16,000 were college students who chose universities in other states rather than Illinois institutions, according to an analysis in the New York Times. Anecdotal evidence in Crain's Chicago Business showed some Illinois university professors are taking jobs out of state, often with a pay cut, rather than face budget shortfalls. Fifty tenure-track faculty left University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign in 2015, up from 23 the year before out of a total of 1,930. University staff and professors said they worried about Rauner's campaign promise to cut public university funding by 30 percent.
Reversing the trend will be an uphill battle for the state and especially Illinois public universities. The state budget impasse brought Chicago State University to declare a “state of exigency.” Eastern Illinois University let go of 200 employees and Western Illinois University is also in financial crisis. To help, the Illinois Board of Higher Education administered $20 million in emergency funding in November: WIU received $8.4 million; Eastern received $5.6 million and Chicago State about $3 million. An additional $3 million was distributed to the Illinois Community College Board.
One state legislator had an unusual proposal in 2016 to boost Illinois college enrollment and reverse outgoing population trends. Rookie State Rep. Will Guzzardi (D-Chicago) introduced a “Tuition-Free Illinois” movement in October, inspired by Democratic Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders's campaign platform of free college education.
“Higher education in Illinois is in danger of extinction,” Guzzardi said in October. “Because of the state budget crisis, we're seeing declining student enrollment and an exodus of respected professors. Meanwhile, high tuition is crushing families with debt or keeping them out of higher education altogether.”
Although Guzzardi does not yet have serious support in Springfield, they said the plan would lure families to Illinois.
“Send your kids to college for free would be a huge draw for the state,” they said.
Getting Illinoisans back to work in 2017 and beyond
Meanwhile, a partnership of business interests and Illinois higher education experts completed a task force report in 2016 to help state adults acquire training and certification to align with needs of the future workforce.
“The ‘north star' guiding our work is Illinois' goal to have at least 60 percent of its workforce with a high quality college credential by 2025,” said James Applegate, executive director of the Illinois Board of Higher Education. Applegate served on the Higher Education Commission on the Future of the Workforce.
”That goal is non-negotiable since we know that nearly two-thirds of all open jobs in Illinois in the future will require such a college credential. Everyone to whom we deny that opportunity will very likely struggle as working poor.”
Private funding of public infrastructure projects may proceed in 2017
Major highway construction and infrastructure repair in Illinois may happen much quicker: within a year, instead of taking decades, if the state pushes forward with Private-Public Partnership (P3) infrastructure funding.
The Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT) stuck a toe in the P3 waters in December 2016 with a proposal to privately fund a $425 million inner toll lane project on a 25-mile stretch of I-55 between Chicago and the I-355 expressway. IDOT says privatizing highway design, construction and maintenance, in exchange for toll revenue, could accelerate the project to a possible completion date of early 2018. Already, professional finance and construction companies from South America, Australia and the European Union have consulted with IDOT about how to finance and construct the project. Waiting for federal funding could push the project into the 2020s, said IDOT spokespeople. While the General Assembly approved P3 funding for infrastructure projects in 2011, IDOT still needs a joint resolution in Springfield to begin to put the project to bid.
If this project moves forward, IDOT's proposed remodel of the I-290 Eisenhower Expressway, also with two inner toll lanes, may also be privatized.
Already, smaller projects have been financed with private partnerships, such as the suburban Cook County railway overpass at 25th Avenue linking Bellwood and Melrose Park.
State veteran “wraparaound” services to expand in 2017
Work will begin in 2017 on more state-level psychological support for veterans, said a bi-partisan task force of state legislators with military service backgrounds in December. An Illinois task force on veteran suicide released a report with recommendations that will guide public policy in Illinois, said State Rep. Stephanie Kifowit (D-Oswego). Kifowit, a former U.S. Marine, worked with U.S. Army veterans State Sen. Tom Cullerton (D-Villa Park) and State Rep. Jeanne Ives (R-Wheaton). Also on the panel was State Sen.-elect Paul Schimpf (R-Waterloo), who is also a former Marine. Representatives from the Illinois Department of Human Services, the Illinois Department of Veterans' Affairs, the Illinois Department of Public Health and the Jesse Brown VA Medical Center in Chicago also helped make recommendations.
Voter participation increases in Illinois for 2017
While political reforms such as the Independent Maps amendment and a state legislator term limits amendment were kept off the ballot by political maneuvering, Illinois saw more voter participation than ever before in the Nov. 8 presidential election.
The Illinois State Board of Elections reported that the state had more than 8 million registered voters, the highest number in history.
The high turnout was helped by same-day voter registration in some counties with higher populations. A lawsuit injunction to stop high-population counties from offering “grace period” registration was stayed by the Illinois Supreme Court days before the election. That suit will continue into 2017, with the courts deciding whether all counties must provide “grace period” registration regardless of population. Same-day voter registration in the state of Wisconsin and other states was the model for increasing voter turnout.
— What's ahead for Illinois in 2017 —
Thunderstorms ripped through the valley last week, flooding the Lion Habitat Ranch. Video showed rain and wind throwing umbrellas and breaking tables as the lions went to high ground to avoid water.
The president of the Lion Habitat Ranch, Keith Evans said this is the worst rain storm they've ever seen.
“Within 10 minutes it went from sunshine and bright to flooding the yards,” Evans said.
Most of the cats took shelter in their pens, but Evans said a few brave ones stayed outside.
“A couple of them stayed out and played with their balls in the water which was surprising cause with that much wind I thought they'd all be in but the other ones were all in their houses watching it go by."
The lion pens are designed to drain quickly, but Evans said when it rains that much that quickly, there's going to be flooding no matter how it's designed.
The lions weren't the only ones effected by the rain. The giraffe at the ranch had to be taken inside a shelter to keep from being struck by lightning!
Evans said thankfully no animals were hurt, they just got a little dirty.
“They adjust, the biggest problem for us is the next day they're gonna get muddy,” Evans said.
Afterward, the habitat had to bathe 30 lions.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
ISTANBUL (AP) – Turkey's state-run news agency says police have detained eight people in connection with the Istanbul nightclub attack.
Anadolu Agency says that the eight have been taken into custody by Istanbul anti-terrorism squads and they are being questioned at Istanbul's main police headquarters.
The gunman, who escaped after carrying out the attack, wasn't among the eight.
The Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for the attack, which killed 39 people, most of them foreigners.
Kyrgyzstan's Foreign Ministry says it is looking into media reports that the gunman in the New Year's Eve night club attack in Istanbul could be from the Central Asian country.
“We have ordered the consul in Istanbul the check this report that has appeared in the press,” ministry spokesperson Aiymkan Kulukeyeva was quoted as saying Monday by the Interfax news agency. “According to preliminary information, this information is doubtful but we are checking all the same.”
The Hurriyet and Karar newspapers on Monday cited unnamed security officials saying that authorities have determined that the gunman who killed 39 people comes from a Central Asian nation and is believed to be either from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
SUNNYVALE — Walmart Labs has launched a major hiring effort for technologists, an employment push that highlights companies' quest to scout for tech talent in the Bay Area.
The retailing behemoth's tech unit wants to hire 150 technology workers in the Bay Area, bolstering its efforts to deliver new digital solutions to its customers and to meld advanced technologies with its existing brick-and-mortar operations, such as stores, warehouses and distribution centers.
“The Bay Area has some of the biggest tech companies, some of the best minds, and some of the most awesome technologists in the world,” said Jeremy King, chief technology officer at Walmart Labs. “The fact that Walmart can attract the same caliber of talent as these tech giants is a testament to the scope, breadth, quality, culture, and impact of Walmart's technology operations.”
The Walmart Labs careers site listed hundreds of openings on Tuesday for technology workers at its Sunnyvale and San Bruno locations, where the company maintains major research and development hubs.
Arkansas-based Walmart, confronted by the same profit and revenue squeeze that has besieged other retailers, hopes to tap the skills and brainpower in Silicon Valley to enhance its offerings and deliveries of products and services, as well as to improve its retail and distribution efficiency.
“As the retail industry transforms, so does Walmart,” said Blair Bennett, vice president of Walmart Talent Acquisition.
That transformation reaches the width and length of Walmart's operations, company executives told this news organization.
“In stores, online, through mobile devices, voice, pickup options and delivery services, Walmart Labs is really here to power our entire customer journey,” Bennett said.
Much of that is being driven by a growing number of retail customers who have become adept at obtaining products and services through a diversity of access points.
“We have to become more and more innovative to serve our customers,” Bennett said.
For the most part, these technologies are operating behind the scenes, which is the nature of tech. But in some cases, the Walmart push for advanced solutions can become visible.
Earlier this year, Walmart and San Francisco-based tech startup Bossa Nova Robotics began testing at some of the retailer's Bay Area stores intelligent robots that can meld artificial intelligence with autonomous movements to assess inventories on store shelves.
Walmart Labs is attempting to hire many different kinds of workers at its two Silicon Valley locations.
Software engineers, back-end technologies experts, data scientists, product managers, mobile developers, systems engineers, artificial intelligence experts, cloud engineers and data science experts are among those that the company wants to bring on board this year in the Bay Area.
“With the retail cycle, it is important that we work to hire individuals early in the year so we can ramp up working on technology throughout the year,” Bennett said. “We are working as quickly as we can to bring talent on board.”
Walmart Labs, which now has roughly 2,000 employees in the Bay Area, believes that it can dangle in front of recruits the challenge of pitting their skills against tech giants such as Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon, as well as delivering the fruits of their labors to a huge organization.
“Developers want to be challenged and recognized for their ideas and hard work,” King said. “They want to work on a variety of cool projects, using the most cutting-edge technologies. And, they want their work to matter.”
1:35
Mallard Creek gains momentum with win against Vance, but its coach expects even more
Love Island Darylle Sargeant Is Unrecognisable Without Tattoos And Piercings
Darylle Sargeant entered the Love Island villa as a Casa Amor newbie and instantly coupled up with Adam Collard.
Love Island newbie Darylle Sargeant has made an impact on the ITV2 villa not only because of their romance with Adam Collard but also because of their look.
Covered in tattoos and piercings, the 24 year old has viewers very interested in their appearance as they bring a touch of edginess to the famous villa.
However, in a set of unearthed MySpace pictures, a Darylle without tattoos and piercings has emerged, and fans are quite shocked by how different they look.
> Love Island 2018 Prize Money Revealed As ITV2 Final Approaches
(PIC: Darylle Sargeant/MySpace)
Almost unrecognisable, and obviously very young, the eyebrow technician still boasted their big smile and individual look with a short cropped hairstyle.
Now, Darylle has shouted about their love for tattoos and piercings as she's transformed themselves and built up a strong collection of their own.
Them body art includes nearly two full arm sleeves, made up of inkings such as a flamingo, hot air balloon and even a strawberry.
(PIC: Darylle Sargeant/MySpace)
They also have a ram on their chest and torso and has an extensive collection of inkings on their right leg. That's not to mention all their back tattoos too.
In terms of piercings, Darylle has a full ear of jewellery along with two nose pieces and an upper lip stud.
More unusually, they also have the bottom of their neck pierced.
(PIC: ITV2)
Darylle's love of body art extends to their male companions too as they revealed before Love Island their man would need to have tattoos.
That explains their interest in Adam then…
Advanced Design & Functionality Creates Elegant, User-Friendly Seats
Los Angeles, CA (PRUnderground) March 19th, 2018
The craftsmen at Seatcraft, the leading home theater seating manufacturer, introduce their latest design, the Seatcraft Apex. The Apex elevates the home entertainment experience through best-in-class technology and design, bringing home theater seating craftsmanship to a new level of luxury.
The Seatcraft Apex features independent power headrest, lumbar, and recline, controlled by a brand new power panel that provides a comprehensive range of comfort options in Seatcraft's most user-intuitive interface yet. The power headrests adjust with a push of a button to a number of different positions, reducing neck and shoulder strain. Power lumbar support is designed to adjust and support evenly against users' lower backs natural curvature to reduce strain, as well as improve comfort and relaxation. The new power panel also includes a USB charging port, taking away one of the few reasons someone would want to get up from the chair.
While the technology in the Apex is impressive, the elevated design and attention to detail is what sets the Seatcraft Apex apart. The chair, made with the finest quality leather used in home theater seating, features a cross stitched diamond pattern that sets the Apex apart in any room.
The impeccable selection of quality materials and stitching continues into the Apex backrest, chaise footrest, and side arms, making the Apex a must-have for middle-of-the-room placements. The Apex boasts wall-hugging capabilities, too- making the chair as versatile as it is elegant. The wall hugger design only needs to be placed a mere six inches from the wall to fully recline. The arm accents feature an elegant sapphire LED glow that can be turned on and off from the power panel. In-arm storage is hidden inside beautifully stitched, padded armrests that flip up to reveal ample storage space for remotes, cables, accessories, and more.
Rick Galvez, VP of Product Design, shares, “We are extremely proud of the Seatcraft Apex and after months of design and development, are excited to reveal the chair. We only use the most premium materials and put a lot of thought into each design we produce, but the Apex elevates the home theater experience through our most luxurious design yet. We hope that our customers enjoy the plush relaxation and starling innovation found in the Apex as much as all of us here at Seatcraft do.”
The Seatcraft Apex is available in black, brown, or red at $1,519.00 per seat and can be purchased at 4Seating.com.
About Seatcraft
Seatcraft is a leader in the home theater seating industry with close to 40 years in business. Each Seatcraft product is manufactured with premium materials and outstanding craftsmanship, with a mind toward relaxation and innovation. For more information, visit Seatcraft.com.
Rogers Family(DALLAS) — A 100-year-old Dallas, Texas, runner continues to show the world that you are only as old as you feel.
This weekend, Orville Rogers won big at the 2018 USATF Masters Indoor Track and Field Championships in Landover, Maryland.
“How great it feels at the age of 100 to break five new world track records and to bring home the gold,” they told ABC News on Monday.
In the 100 to 104 age categories, Rogers set new records in the 60-meter, 200-meter, 400-meter, 800-meter and 1,500-meter events. And, they did it with their family cheering them on every step of the way.
The former World War II veteran was a bomber pilot who later became a commercial pilot. Rogers started running at the age of 50 and began competing in track meets when they turned 90.
Rogers, also the author of “The Running Man,” said they train every other day and runs three times a week.
Rogers, a widower, has four children, three of whom are still alive; 14 grandchildren; and 11 great-grandchildren.
“We're a very close family,” they told ABC News. “We take family vacations every summer for 44 years now and we enjoy getting together anywhere.”
In November, Rogers led partygoers as they collectively ran 100 miles at White Rock Lake in Dallas in celebration of their birthday.
“I live life with a capital ‘L,'” they told ABC affiliate WFAA-TV in November.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
By Fritz Hahn, (c) 2017, The Washington Post
Marijuana folklorists trace the use of “420” as a code for pot smoking to a group of 1970s high school students in San Rafael, California, who regularly met at 4:20 p.m. to search for a rumored nearby patch of potent plants.
Every year, around April 20, Lagunitas honors the Waldos with their own beer: A dank, earthy, herbaceous monster of a triple IPA. There's no way around this: It smells noticeably like weed, plus pine resin, mangoes and apricots. The body is full, sweet and sticky – “the stickiest of the icky,” you might say – and there's a tidal wave of grapefruit and orangey hops before the warm, bitter finish. (This beer doesn't even try to hide that the alcohol by volume is 11.9 percent.)
Lagunitas is no stranger to marijuana-related beers: It once released a beer called Kronik (later renamed Censored after the government rejected the label), and its popular Undercover Investigation Shut-Down Ale refers to a 2005 incident in which the California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control caught employees smoking pot at a brewery party and briefly suspended the brewery's license.
So if you're looking for a beer on April 20, or want to celebrate the “holiday” without smoking anything at all, you might want to hang out with a bottle of the Waldos.
Other beers that fit the 420 theme:
Oskar Blues G'Knight: “Can'o bliss. Satisfy ya.” is on the label of this big, sticky, award-winning imperial red ale.
Sweetwater 420 Extra Pale Ale: One of Sweetwater's early successes, this crushable, citrusy pale ale was named after its first brew date: April 20, 1997. Labels use the sign for the never-built Interstate 420 around Atlanta, but the slogan “Drink 'em if you got 'em!” gives the game away.
– – –
Lagunitas The Waldos' Special Ale. lagunitas.com. $14 for a six-pack of 12-ounce bottles.
Before their death, Prince abused opioid pain pills, suffered withdrawal symptoms and received at least one opioid prescription under their bodyguard's name, according to search warrants and affidavits unsealed Monday.
Prince was 57 when they were found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at Paisley Park on April 21. Nearly a year after their accidental overdose death at their suburban Minneapolis studio and estate, investigators still don't know how they got the fentanyl that killed him. The newly unsealed documents give the clearest picture yet of Prince's struggle with opioid painkillers.
___
WHAT DO AUTHORITIES SAY HAPPENED?
Investigators heard plenty from the people at Paisley Park when Prince's body was discovered. They told investigators that Prince was recently “going through withdrawals, which are believed to be the result of the abuse of prescription medication.”
When authorities later checked a database set up to monitor who's getting prescriptions for controlled substances, they found nothing for Prince. But there was a prescription for the opioid painkiller oxycodone written for Kirk Johnson, Prince's bodyguard.
The prescription was dated April 14, 2016, the same day Prince was revived with an anti-overdose drug after falling ill on a plane. Dr. Michael Schulenberg, who wrote the prescription, told authorities they put the prescription in Johnson's name to protect Prince's privacy, according to a detective's affidavit. Schulenberg's attorney, Amy Conners, said in a statement that Schulenberg never prescribed opioids to Prince directly nor to another person with the intent of giving them to the singer.
Johnson's attorney, Clayton Tyler, said Johnson “did not secure nor supply the drugs which caused Prince's death.” An autopsy showed Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, another drug in the opioid family.
___
WHAT ARE POTENTIAL CHARGES?
Writing a prescription under another person's name violates state and federal law, said Ruth Martinez, executive director of the Minnesota Board of Medical Practice.
Martinez said they could not comment on whether the board is investigating Schulenberg's treatment of Prince. The agency's website on Monday listed no disciplinary or corrective actions taken against the doctor.
The board doesn't launch investigations unless someone makes a complaint. Complaints typically take 90 to 120 days to resolve, they said.
A person convicted under the law could be stripped of the ability to prescribe controlled substances by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and face other discipline from the state medical board.
___
WHY NO CHARGES YET?
A year might seem like a long time without charges, but criminal justice experts say the fact that no one's been charged doesn't mean no one ever will. They say it's a complex thing to track illegally obtained pills, and investigators and prosecutors want to build strong cases before interviewing witnesses who might provide useful information.
Although they can resort to subpoenas, the targets can exercise their right against self-incrimination — and the only way to get them to talk after that is by offering immunity. And, experts say, prosecutors and investigators don't want to lose a high-profile case such as Prince's — likely increasing their caution.
___
HOW OFTEN DO PRESCRIBERS USE FALSE NAMES?
Martinez of the Minnesota medical board said it's “quite infrequent” for a doctor to write out a prescription for someone in another person's name.
Two Los Angeles attorneys say it happens all the time in Hollywood. Celebrities frequently use aliases in hospitals and doctor's offices.
Laws against prescribing with a false name are not usually enforced when a doctor intends to protect a celebrity's privacy, said Los Angeles attorney Ellyn Garofalo.
They represented a doctor who was acquitted of all charges, including false name allegations, in the death of Anna Nicole Smith, the Playboy model and reality TV star who died of an accidental overdose in 2007.
“They would be indicting every pharmacist in Beverly Hills if this were strictly enforced,” Garofalo said Monday.
Los Angeles criminal defense attorney Harland Braun said there are good reasons for doctors to want to protect privacy with the insatiable appetite for celebrity gossip.
“Say you have a major male actor who has a prescription for Viagra, do you want that out on TMZ?” Braun said.
___
Amy Forliti and Doug Glass contributed from Minneapolis.
Stuck in traffic this morning on your way to work?
Well you're not alone, but it's costing us a fortune.
A new survey has revealed that on average, employees lose 29.6 minutes of work per week because of bad traffic on their commute. And that's costing the UK economy a staggering £203,846,153 a week, according to the survey by motorcycle insurance company Devitt.
The company carried out a survey of 2,000 commuters and found that it takes a good 34.2 minutes before we feel calm and in control again after getting into the office late.
In addition, 32.3 per cent of us try to sneak into work without being noticed if we're late, while 43.2 per cent would actually report a colleague who continually arrived late for work.
The research also found that almost 13 per cent of people have missed a job interview because of bad traffic, and over a quarter, (27.8%) experience 'biker envy' when motorcyclists cruise past us in traffic jams.
Joe Raedle/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Alabama voters head to the polls Tuesday to elect a U.S. Senator in a race thrust into the national spotlight after allegations of sexual misconduct against the Republican nominee, former Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore.
The state has not elected a Democrat to the U.S. Senate since 1992, but Moore is locked in a tight race with their Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney.
Moore faces allegations from eight women who have accused them of sexual misconduct toward them when they were in their 30s and, in some cases, when the women were in their teens. Moore has denied the allegations.
Prior to the allegations surfacing last month, Moore already had a long-standing reputation as a fierce defender of Christianity in the public sphere, and was twice removed from their position as Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court for violating judicial orders.
The race has created a wedge between many Republicans on Capitol Hill, who have maintained that Moore should step aside, and President Donald Trump, who has endorsed Moore.
While they have not campaigned in Alabama, Trump urged Alabama voters to support Moore at a weekend rally in Pensacola, Florida, roughly 20 miles from the Alabama state line and close enough to be seen in the Alabama media market.
The president also recorded a robocall over the weekend urging Alabama voters to back Moore.
“Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our ‘Make America Great Again' agenda,” Trump said on the call. “Roy is a conservative who will help me steer this country back on track after eight years of the Obama disaster. Get out and vote for Roy Moore,” Trump said.
Trump also has argued that Moore has consistently denied the allegations as part of their rationale for endorsing him.
National Republicans, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., have called on Moore to step aside in the wake of the sexual misconduct allegations, but Moore has remained defiant. Republican senators from Jeff Flake of Arizona to Lindsey Graham of South Carolina have maintained that Moore is not fit to serve in the U.S. Senate, and Flake went as far as donating $100 to the Jones campaign.
Sen. Cory Gardner, R-Colo., the head of the National Republican Senatorial Committee, has maintained that even if Moore should win the election they should be expelled from the United States Senate.
Alabama's senior senator, Republican Richard Shelby, has been particularly outspoken about not backing Moore.
“I wouldn't vote for Roy Moore. I think the Republican Party can do better,” Shelby said Sunday on CNN.
But despite the allegations and widespread backlash against Moore, Jones still faces an uphill battle in a state that President Trump won by over 20 points in 2016.
Moore has strongly embraced President Trump, and has tried to paint Jones, who was appointed as a U.S. attorney by Bill Clinton in 1997, as too liberal on issues such as illegal immigration, abortion and same-sex marriage.
Jones has pitched themselves as someone who can reach across party lines, and has run a campaign focused on turning out African-American voters as well as Alabama Republicans skeptical of Moore both before and after the allegations of sexual misconduct surfaced.
This past weekend Jones campaigned across the state with numerous high-profile African-American politicians, including Sen. Cory Booker, D-N.J., and Alabama's only Democrat in the House, Rep. Terri Sewell, D-Ala.
Jones also has saved their fiercest attacks on Moore for the final weeks of the campaign.
“I damn sure believe that I have done my part to ensure that men who hurt little girls should go to jail and not the U.S. Senate,” Jones said at a campaign rally in Birmingham last week.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
How Eli can hold off Giants' quarterback of future: Archie Manning BLOOMINGTON, Minn. — Eli Manning surviving their season from hell to return as quarterback of Pat Shurmur's Giants and perhaps retire a Giant one day is music to Archie Manning's...
Eli Manning doesn't want to just be a mentor Eli Manning is always so well-prepared, but not this time. This is all new to him, and they admit they do not know much about what comes next. “This is...
Archie Manning weighs in on Giants' QB mess, Eli's future Even though Eli Manning is expected to start Sunday at MetLife Stadium against the Cowboys — playing for the first time since their controversial benching last weekend, and the subsequent...
Archie Manning goes inside Eli's 'season from hell' Eli Manning, backup quarterback of the New York Football Giants, fired off a text to their father, Archie, after meeting on Wednesday morning with John Mara. “We missed a couple...
How Peyton's nondescript email tipped off Eli about retirement Eli Manning admits seeing big brother Peyton bid adieu to their football career in an emotional retirement announcement Monday prompted them to consider their own football mortality. “You understand each...
John Elway on Peyton Manning's retirement timetable Denver isn't ready to close the door on a possible Peyton Manning return, despite what their father has said. Archie Manning said after Sunday's Super Bowl win, “I think Peyton's done...
'Peyton's done in Denver': Archie Manning says what son won't SANTA CLARA, Calif. — Archie Manning figures the conversation will come at some point in the next few weeks. After their son Peyton gets some time to enjoy theirs second...
Hobbled Archie Manning defends football: NFL 'under attack' SAN FRANCISCO — Archie Manning remains slowed by a recent knee replacement, the inevitable wear and tear after a football career spent running and scrambling for their life behind his...
The Sept. 19 earthquake in central Mexico killed more than 300 people and destroyed many buildings in the nation's capital, Mexico City. In the days that followed, rescue crews went out to search for survivors trapped under collapsed buildings.
And one rescuer, in particular, got a lot of attention.
Them name is Frida. She's 8 years old, and she's a labrador sniffer dog with the Mexican Navy. According to the Navy, they have a "sixth sense" for finding humans, that's unlike any other dog they've ever trained before.
Over the course of their career, she's rescued 12 people after earthquakes and other disasters in Mexico, Haiti and Ecuador. She's also found 53 bodies buried under rubble.
Reporter Franc Contreras in Mexico City went to meet them for the China Global Television Network. “I would say, at this stage, she's a rock star but they don't let it get to their head,” they say. “She's just getting used to being in front of the cameras because she's gotten so much attention lately.”
Photos of Frida wearing their special protective goggles or “doggles,” a vest and boots have been making the rounds all over Mexico and even the world. There's a campaign on Facebook for their face to replace Diego Rivera's on the 500 peso banknote. Murals have been painted in their honor, and shops are selling Frida stuffed animals, Frida shirts and Frida mugs. One man even got a tattoo of them face.
Contreras says that they think Frida and the other search and rescue dogs have given the country a renewed sense of hope. “There have been a lot of reasons to divide Mexicans, politics economics,” says Contreras. “But after this disaster, you could really see the country pulling together and somehow, you know, these furry creatures on the scene helped lift people's spirits.”
From PRI's The World ©2017 PRI
Pewdiepie, who operates YouTube's most popular channel with more than 53 million followers has been cut loose by Disney after posting a video that showed two Indian men holding up a banner that said “Death to all Jews.”
chrisdorney / Shutterstock, Inc.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Mario R. Scigliano, Serialization and Automation Manager at CordenPharma Latina S.p.I will address the necessity of serialization from market compliance to business supply, covering all aspects from line choice and regulation approach to management of data and related products. The live event will take place on Wednesday, March 8th, 2017 at 4pm CET (10am EST).
Many Contract Manufacturing Organizations (CMOs) and Packaging leaders lack a complete understanding of the functionality and necessity for serialization, thereby generally treating it as a complication in the consolidation process. The criticality of serialization should rather be viewed as a clear benefit for patient safety which can also be turned into a competitive advantage for the Pharmaceutical industry. Based on the short-term compliance milestones that usually drive real decisions to deploy serialization capabilities, the tendency to focus on the immediate resultant of serialization leading the supply-chain often overshadows the long-term benefits of brand building and improving network coordination.
The speaker will discuss:
How various markets approach specific necessities and technical difficulties
The design of appropriate IT infrastructure
How communication across the track and trace concept is applied to the supply chain
The major initiatives in the installation, integration and implementation of serialization and aggregation from unit carton to pallet
Serialization requirements in China, South Korea, Saudi Arabia, US, and Europe
To learn more about this event visit: From Market Compliance to Business Supply: The Necessity for Serialization
Xtalks, powered by Honeycomb Worldwide Inc., is a leading provider of educational webinars to the global Life Sciences community. Every year thousands of industry practitioners (from pharmaceutical & biotech companies, private & academic research institutions, healthcare centers, etc.) turn to Xtalks for access to quality content. Xtalks helps Life Science professionals stay current with industry developments, trends and regulations. Xtalks webinars also provide perspectives on key issues from top industry thought leaders and service providers.
To learn more about Xtalks visit http://xtalks.com
For information about hosting a webinar visit http://xtalks.com/sponsorship.ashx
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/13/11G130186/Images/CordenPharma_logo_200px-b4a870024434863a8425b79d84b32474.jpg
Google Hiring Thousands of Moderators To Clean Up YouTube Google is hiring thousands of new moderators after facing widespread backlash for allowing child abuse videos and other violent and offensive content to flourish on YouTube. Google, which owns YouTube, announced on Monday that next year it would expand its total workforce to more than 10,000 people responsible for reviewing content that could violate its policies. The news from YouTube's CEO, Susan Wojcicki, followed a steady stream of negative press surrounding the site's role in spreading harassing videos, misinformation, hate speech and content that is harmful to children. Wojcicki said that in addition to an increase in human moderators, YouTube is continuing to develop advanced machine-learning technology to automatically flag problematic content for removal. The company said its new efforts to protect children from dangerous and abusive content and block hate speech on the site were modeled after the company's ongoing work to fight violent extremist content. "Human reviewers remain essential to both removing content and training machine learning systems because human judgment is critical to making contextualized decisions on content," the CEO wrote in a blogpost, saying that moderators have manually reviewed nearly 2m videos for violent extremist content since June, helping train machine-learning systems to identify similar footage in the future. In recent weeks, YouTube has used machine learning technology to help human moderators find and shut down hundreds of accounts and hundreds of thousands of comments, according to Wojcicki. YouTube faced heightened scrutiny last month in the wake of reports that it was allowing violent content to slip past the YouTube Kids filter, which is supposed to block any content that is not appropriate to young users. Some parents recently discovered that YouTube Kids was allowing children to see videos with familiar characters in violent or lewd scenarios, along with nursery rhymes mixed with disturbing imagery, according to the New York Times. Other reports uncovered "verified" channels featuring child exploitation videos, including viral footage of screaming children being mock-tortured and webcams of young girls in revealing clothing. YouTube has also repeatedly sparked outrage for its role in perpetuating misinformation and harassing videos in the wake of mass shootings and other national tragedies. The Guardian found that survivors and the relatives of victims of numerous shootings have been subject to a wide range of online abuse and threats, some tied to popular conspiracy theory ideas featured prominently on YouTube. Some parents of people killed in high-profile shootings have spent countless hours trying to report abusive videos about their deceased children and have repeatedly called on Google to hire more moderators and to better enforce its policies. It's unclear, however, how the expansion of moderators announced on Monday might impact this kind of content, since YouTube said it was focused on hate speech and child safety. Although the recent scandals have illustrated the current limits of the algorithms in detecting and removing violating content, Wojcicki made clear that YouTube would continue to heavily rely on machine learning, a necessary factor given the scale of the problem. YouTube said machine learning was helping its human moderators remove nearly five times as many videos that they were previously, and that 98% of videos removed for violent extremism are now flagged by algorithms. Wojcicki claimed that advances in the technology allowed the site to take down nearly 70% of violent extremist content within eight hours of it being uploaded. The statement also said YouTube was also reforming its advertising policies, saying it would apply stricter criteria, conduct more manual curation and expand its team of ad reviewers. Last month, a number of high-profile brands suspended YouTube and Google advertising after reports revealed that they were placed alongside videos filled with exploitative and sexually explicit comments about children. In March, a number of corporations also pulled their YouTube ads after learning that they were linked to videos with hate speech and extremist content. © 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: YouTube/iStock/Artist's concept. Read more on: YouTube, Google, eBay, Online Video, Cybercrime, Moderators, Susan Wojcicki Comment:
Name:
Ed.: Posted: 2017-12-08 @ 7:59am PT A number of people have asked how to apply. Please reach out directly to YouTube or Google for more info.
As of now, it seems that the info is not yet being offered on Google's Careers page, nor on the Dec. 4th blog post by YouTube's CEO, Susan Wojcicki:
https://youtube.googleblog.com/2017/12/expanding-our-work-against-abuse-of-our.html
You may also find useful information on Google's page titled, "How We Hire":
https://careers.google.com/how-we-hire/ Steve K.: Posted: 2017-12-08 @ 7:51am PT Sure would like to help out. How do we subject application for hire? cherese: Posted: 2017-12-07 @ 6:21pm PT I am interested in this, how do I apply for this position to help get rid of offensive material? Richard: Posted: 2017-12-06 @ 8:54am PT I am retired and living in Montreal, Canada. I, too, would also like to know how to apply for a position to help rid Youtube of offensive material. Roxanne Horning: Posted: 2017-12-05 @ 7:28pm PT Would like to know how to apply for this position with Google. I would feel like I'm helping a good cause with this position - these video's out on the internet are terrible
The CEO of fintech company Tyro has resigned after only eight months in the role.
Gerd Schenkel informed the board of Australia's newest bank that they wanted to "focus on other business opportunities and spend more time with family", Tyro said in a statement on Tuesday evening.
Schenkel's appointment in October was touted as a "coup" for the bank, given the German's past experience as head of Telstra Digital and founder of Australia's first home-grown digital deposit and mortgage bank UBank, which sits within National Australia Bank.
“My departure will allow a new CEO to lead the implementation of Tyro's significant growth program. I felt privileged to lead the organisation and I thank the Board for the opportunity,” Schenkel said in a statement.
Long-serving non-executive director Rob Ferguson, who has been involved with the company for more than a decade, has been appointed acting managing director, effective immediately.
Former CEO and current executive director Jost Stollmann – the company's biggest shareholder – will become a full-time non-executive director.
Change at the top
The past few months have seen some high profile appointments and departures at the Sydney-based company.
Tyro appointed Kareem al Bassam from PayPal as head of product in January, with Natalie Dinsdale from UBank joining as head of brand and marketing later in the month. Joshua Walther, former head of direct distribution at ING Direct, was appointed director of sales in May. Former general manager strategy and architecture at Tabcorp, Dr Dave Coombes joined as director of engineering last week.
In April, co-founder and head of sales Andrew Rothwell left after 14-years with the company to join Data Republic as chief operating officer. Jessica Ellerm, go to market lead and key player behind the scenes at the company, departed in April to found superannuation start-up Zuper.
Tyro chairperson Kerry Roxburgh said: “We thank Mr Schenkel for their positive contribution, and we all wish them every success in future.”
Tyro, which received investment from Atlassian founder Mike Cannon-Brookes in 2009, provides credit, debit, EFTPOS card acquiring, Medicare and private health fund claiming and rebating services as well as a transaction and deposit account integrated with Xero cloud accounting.
The Australian Prudential Regulation Authority awarded the company a banking licence in 2015 and it now serves around 16,000 customers as Australia's only independent EFTPOS banking institution.
Read more: Scandal shaken healthcare giant seeks CISO
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
This July 14, 2011 provided by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services shows fragments of bone protruding from the top edge of this piece of shale are several plesiosaur vertebrae at the Charles M. Russell National Wildlife Refuge, Mont. Marcus Hockett / AP
The smaller sea creature lived around the same time and in the same area as the larger ones, which is evidence contradicting the belief that elasmosaurs did not evolve over millions of years to have longer necks, co-author Danielle Serratos said.
Elasmosaurs were carnivorous creatures with small heads and paddle-like limbs that could grow as long as 30 feet. Their fossils have been discovered across the world, and the one discovered in northeastern Montana was well-preserved and nearly complete.
The refuge adjacent to the Missouri River is popular with hunters for its big game and remote setting.
David Bradt, a ranch manager from Florence, Montana, said they were hunting elk unsuccessfully in November 2010 when they walked into a canyon to splash some water on theirs face.
In the creek, the water ran over what they thought was petrified wood sticking out of a rock. They pulled back the brush, saw vertebrae and knew it was fossilized bones.
They thought it was a dinosaur and was floored when they learned it was a sea creature.
“It's about the size of a cow, and I'm thinking it's a triceratops,” they said. “I didn't know there was an ocean there.”
Bradt took photographs and reported the find to the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service and the Museum of the Rockies in Bozeman.
It took three days to excavate the fossil, but much longer to clean and study it before the determination could be made that it was a new species, Druckenmiller said.
They said the inland sea that stretched the width of Montana to Minnesota and from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico was teeming with marine reptiles, but relatively few of their fossils have been excavated.
“It's a total bias — just more people out there are interested in land-living dinosaurs than marine reptiles,” they said. “There would be a lot more known if more people were studying them.”
Trey Griffey signing with Miami Dolphins
Trey Griffey is keeping the dream alive.
The son of Baseball Hall of Famer Ken Griffey Jr., Trey will be signing with the Miami Dolphins, ESPN's Adam Schefter reports.
Griffey is a wide receiver who played their college ball at Arizona. They were not drafted in June but they did sign with the Colts. They were waived a month later.
Griffey had 1,241 receiving yards and six touchdowns during their college career.
America's Best Christkindl MarketsGet a preview of five of America's best Christkindl Markets from around the country.
Best Winter Getaways In EuropeA definitive list of the best places in Europe to travel to this winter.
Best Offbeat Holiday Destinations In AmericaA quick look at five of the most magical and most rewarding destinations to visit during the holidays
Uber Reveals Year-Old Cover-Up Of Hack Affecting 57 MillionUber is coming clean about its cover-up of a year-old hacking attack that stole personal information about more than 57 million of the beleaguered ride-hailing service's customers and drivers.
Louise Blouin Media struggling to find independent freelancers Louise Blouin is having a hard time finding former US staffers willing to work as independent contractors for Louise Blouin Media. The remaining two dozen staffers of their mini art-publishing...
Art & Auction exec 'voluntarily' leaves company Louise Blouin, known as the Red Queen, has shaken up their top editing ranks again at the financially hard- pressed art house publisher, Louise Blouin Media. Early this week, David...
Louise Blouin hit with new lawsuit There is more trouble for The Red Queen. The mini art-publishing empire of Louise Blouin took its biggest hit to date as printing giant R.R. Donnelley slapped the publisher of...
Alanna Martinez leaves Blouin Media for Observer.com The past week brought another round of editorial defections from Blouin Media. Alanna Martinez, who was the managing editor of Blouinartinfo.com, is leaving to become the managing editor of the...
Writers in India: Art publisher is 'an international fraud' When US companies hire outside contractors in India, it is almost universally a way to cut labor costs. But Louise Blouin, the so-called Red Queen, has found a way to...
More troubles plague art-world media empire of Louise Blouin There have been more troubles for the mini-art world empire of Louise Blouin and their beleaguered Blouin Media. The Blouin Artinfo.com site went dark on Aug. 1 with a note...
More bad news for Louise 'Red Queen' Blouin Louise Blouin, the so-called Red Queen, has put their Richard Meier-designed duplex at 165 Charles St. in Manhattan on the block — and is seeking $30 million. But even a...
Waterlogged staffers flee Blouin Media The financial chaos that has threatened to flood Louise Blouin and their Blouin Media for months now has given way to a new problem — actual floods that induced a...
Blouin Media president exits As expected, Blouin Media President Ben Hartley has become the latest to defect from Louise Blouin's turbulent company. Hartley resigned in late February to become international director of Auctionata, a...
Mom agreed to give consultant $1.5M to help kids' college admissions: suit A tiger mom agreed to pay an astonishing $1.5 million to a college-admissions consultant to help get their kid into a prestigious prep school and Ivy League college, according to...
The real reason the Met moved to make you pay Don't buy the claim from the Metropolitan Museum of Art that fiscal needs are behind its move to start forcing non-New-Yorkers to pay $25 for admission starting March 1. More...
Asian kids dominate admission to city's elite high schools Once again, Asians kids dominated the annual stampede for admission to the city's eight elite high schools for the upcoming academic year, according to newly released Department of Education data....
It's the time of year when college rejections crush ... parents While doing research for a college-admissions book, I once spoke with a parent whose son had been rejected by a top college they had been pinning their hopes on for...
Stop blocking opportunity for poor minority kids New York City's bad public schools are growing worse — and the proof comes from the exam to win entry into the top high schools. This year, just 3.6 percent...
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The Anoka County's Sheriff's office said at least one person was killed in a house fire in Fridley Tuesday night.
This is a developing story. Stay with WCCO.com as more details become available.
CONWAY, Ark. — Mathieu Kamba scored 19 points, Jordan Howard added 18 and Central Arkansas rolled to an 69-54 victory over Little Rock on Saturday night.
Kamba was 6 of 10 from the floor, and Howard made two 3-pointers and finished 6-of-17 shooting for Central Arkansas (6-5).
Andre Jones scored 13 points and Anthony Black added 10 for Little Rock (2-7), which shot 28 per cent from the field and missed 17 3-pointers.
Black made a 3-pointer to start the second half and pull the Trojans to 35-33. But Central Arkansas answered with a 19-6 surge for a 59-39 lead with nine minutes remaining. Kamba and Hayden Koval scored five points apiece during the stretch.
The Trojans made just two free throws and missed ten straight field goals until Jones made back-to-back layups with about 10 minutes left.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Neil Young admits tough times lie ahead for Chester FC but insists that things will get better.
The former Blues boss, a legend at the club after guiding them to three successive league titles following their reformation in 2010, is back on board at Chester in a voluntary advisory capacity after answering an SOS from current boss Marcus Bignot.
With Chester's financial crisis of late well documented, the club facing relegation from the National League and lumbered with well over £100,000 of liabilities on the playing budget for next season, Bignot turned to Young to for support last week.
Young was quick to answer the call and has joined the Blues to allow Bignot, who has lost all senior members of their first team coaching staff due to the financial crisis, the ability to concentrate solely on managing the football team.
And 43-year-old Young, who was present in the stands for Saturday's 0-0 home draw with Aldershot Town , will be helping to aid the Blues cause for this season and next, describing the coming 12 months as the most difficult since Chester's reformation.
Said Young: “It has all come around quite quickly. I have always been a massive supporter of the club and always tried to assist before, externally.
“I got a surprise phone call last week from Marcus Bignot - I thought they had rung me by mistake. We all have each others numbers as managers and I wished them well when they got the job and told them how good the club was, but I don't think they have forgiven me for that! They asked if they could have a chat with me and I came up and met him.
“I think my main role is going to be first and foremost to take a bit of pressure of Marcus so they can concentrate on what they are meant to be here for and that is to look after the football club and make sure that the team is best prepared to win football matches.
“Can I add anything from a playing perspective in terms of networking and bringing players in, that will be another part of what we do and a lot will depend on what we can do financially and that is something I want to get my teeth into this week.
“I see it as a two or three pronged attack. The key thing for me is to let Marcus do their job. If something needs to be done from a player perspective then let's deal with that separately and almost take them out of the equation so they can do what they have been brought here to do.
“Can I help and advise the people who are doing a lot of good work behind the scenes in terms of how we go forward as a football club and how the football club will look? We have had a difficult three months with the finances but the next 12 months is going to be the most difficult since the reformation of the football club. I don't know the numbers yet but I have got a rough idea in terms of liabilities (on the playing budget) for next year.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“There is going to be an expectation, and rightly so from the Chester fans and we have got to make that expectation a reality as best we can with what we have got. There is a lot of hard work going on and hopefully I can assist with that over the next seven or eight weeks because it is not just about getting us on a firm footing for this season, more importantly going forward we give ourselves the best chance whatever league we are in next year.”
Young admitted that the situation at the football club in recent times had them ‘wound up'.
A catalogue of bad decisions over the previous 12 to 18 monthas had taken Chester close to the brink, just eight short years since their triumphant rise from the ashes of Chester City.
One of the key architects of those stunning early years and a man who remains a bonafide legend at the football club, Young says their previous success has little bearing on the here and now and hopes their experience in dealing with football matters away from the pitch is something that will be utilised by the current board.
They said: “I looked at it from the outside and if I'm brutally honest I was getting wound up myself in terms of where we were going and what we were doing. People say to me ‘why are you doing it?' Obviously I have got a lot of affinity with the football club and I have been here since it started and been here regularly as a supporter and have backed the club wherever I can, so from my perspective if I am inside I'm getting a better idea of what is going on. Hopefully the club use me not for what I have achieved before because that has nothing to do with it now, that is the past and that is history, it is more what I know from the business side.
(Image: Terry Marland)
“I don't think many people realise that when we kicked the club off in 2010, between myself and Steve Ashton (former CEO), on the football side of things we basically put all of the processes in place. I was doing all the contracts myself, and I have done that wherever I have been. The contracts, the deals, the Antoni Sarcevic deal I did myself, and all the deals that we did bringing players in, getting players out. It is one of my skills, I am more of a general manager than a football manager, and a lot of what I do comes from being in the industry a long time and having business knowledge from my day-to-day job at Merseyrail.”
With Chester eight points off safety with eight games left it would take a minor miracle to avoid a slide into the National League North at the end of this season.
Liabilities for next year's playing budget will likely mean Chester's ability to put together a competitive budget, even in the league below, will be severley hampered. And while tough times are ahead, Young insists there is cause for optimism and good times will return.
“Don't get me wrong, it might get worse before it gets better - but it will get better,” said Young.
“What we have got to give is give people realism. We have got to paint a picture over these next 12 months of where we are going to go. I know the Chester public and the supporter base and they will back the football club. If they see a way forward and people wanting to get in the trenches then they will support the football club in whatever way then can.
“Going forward we have a football club we can be proud of and we have got to continue with that.”
Cuban gov't evaluates damage from Alberto
Havana, May 29 (EFE).- Cuban President Miguel Diaz-Canel attended on Tuesday a meeting to evaluate the damages created by Subtropical Storm Alberto, whose torrential rains have provoked dangerous flooding.
The central and western parts of the island have been affected the most, forcing more than 15,000 people to evacuate from the provinces of Sancti Spiritus, Cienfuegos and Villa Clara.
Diaz-Canel and several ministers “analyzed the complex situation” provoked by the torrential rains, evaluated the damages and assessed the measures that will be taken so that the affected areas will get back to normal as soon as possible, the state television said.
Nearly 80 towns and various roads linking the central part of the island to the rest of the country have been cut off by floodwaters, while some 44,000 homes have been cut off from electricity and telephone lines have been down in some areas.
One of the most significant impacts took place near the town of Cienfuegos, where the country's largest oil refinery was flooded, resulting in the spillage of some 12,000 cubic mts (424,000 cubic ft) of wastewater into the Cienfuegos bay.
The minister of energy and mines, Alfredo Lopez, said during the meeting with the president that the wastewater retaining pools had stopped leaking into the bay and that containment booms had been set up around the refinery.
The monetary impact of the storm has yet to be estimated, although it is likely to be very high, as 544 homes were affected – 87 of them were destroyed – and more than 7,000 hectares (17,300 acres) of crops were damaged.
Alberto crossed Cuba from south to north on Saturday, a day after forming in the Caribbean Sea.
During the last 24 hours, more than 400 mm (15.7 in) of rain has fallen in the provinces of Cienfuegos, Matanzas and Villa Clara.
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - 45 million Wattpad storytellers were invited to submit fanfiction narratives for the Blue Man Group Origin Story Contest, which launched in October 2016. Fans were encouraged to answer questions regarding where the Blue Men came from, what they hope to accomplish and why there are only three of them. The winning tales were then adapted into short films produced by the multi-faceted creative collective, Blue Man Group.
Although many companies shy away from the use of their brand in fanfiction, Blue Man Group has embraced it. As can be expected from the trickster brand, Blue Man Group has put their own spin on the concept, by making fanfiction films inspired by fanfiction.
The winning stories, "Hiding in Plain Sight" and "Silence of Sand" were submitted by Wattpad users @SherriLT514 and @DanaRomanin, respectively. The short film adaptation of Hiding in Plain Sight can be seen at http://blu.mn/wpad01. The short film adaptation of The Silence of Sand can be seen at http://blu.mn/wpad02.
"In an era of fleeting attention spans, Wattpad believes brands need to create entertainment that wins the hearts of consumers," said Suzanne Spence, Wattpad's Head of Brand Partnerships. "These results show what you can achieve when you invite audiences to be part of the process. On Wattpad, brands can create something original, entertaining, and shareable."
Blue Man Group Creative Director Chris Naka adds, "Blue Man Group has always been about inspiring creativity in ourselves and others. We know we have fans that are imaginative, funny and full of great ideas. What better way to collaborate with them than to inspire them to write stories that would in turn inspire us to make short films. Creativity feeds creativity..."
Fans may keep up with Blue Man Group through Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or the hashtag #DareToLive. For the latest Wattpad news, follow their official Twitter profile.
About Wattpad
Wattpad, the global multiplatform entertainment company for original stories, transforms how the world discovers, creates, and engages with stories. Since 2006, it has offered a completely social experience where people everywhere can participate and collaborate on content through comments, messages, and multimedia. Today, Wattpad connects a community of over 45 million people around the world through serialized stories about the things they love. As home to millions of fresh voices and fans who share culturally relevant stories based on local trends and current events, Wattpad has unique pop culture insights in virtually every market around the world. Wattpad Studios co-produces stories for film, television, digital, and print, to radically transform the way the entertainment industry sources and produces content. Wattpad Brand Solutions offers new and integrated ways for brands to build deep engagement with consumers. The company is proudly based in Toronto, Canada. Learn more at wattpad.com/about.
About Blue Man Group
Blue Man Productions is a global entertainment company best known for the award-winning Blue Man Group show, performed in over 20 countries and seen by more than 35 million people worldwide since 1991. A dynamic combination of art, music, comedy and technology, the show's euphoric celebration of human connection has universal appeal for a broad range of age groups and cultural backgrounds. The show is continually refreshed with new music, fresh stories, custom instruments and state-of-the-art technology. Blue Man Group has permanent theatrical productions in New York, Las Vegas, Boston, Chicago, Orlando, Berlin and a World Tour.
This creative collective has become part of the pop culture zeitgeist. Blue Man Group has served as the face of branding campaigns for Intel and TIM/Brasil and appeared countless times on hit shows like "The Tonight Show," "Arrested Development," "Ellen," "Schlag den Raab" (Germany), "WOWOW" (Japan), and "Caldeira~o do Huck" (Brasil).
Beyond the stage show, they are Grammy-nominated recording artists, known for their contributions to various film and TV scores and multiple Blue Man Group albums, including their most recent, THREE. Their "Megastar World Tour" rock concert parody played arenas across the globe. The group's recently published first-ever book, Blue Man World, is a visually stunning anthropological exploration of the curious bald and blue character.
Artist-owned-and-operated and based in New York City, Blue Man Productions has extensive production facilities, a training center, recording studios and a 6,000 square foot Research & Development Lab with numerous new creative projects in the pipeline.
Link to watch short film adaptations: http://blu.mn/originb
TWEET IT: Watch @BlueManGroup's short film adaptations of @Wattpad fanfiction from the #BlueManOriginStory contest winners! http://blu.mn/originb
SoftBank Group agreed to buy asset manager Fortress Investment Group LLC for $3.3 billion, in a surprising move that is part of an effort by the Japanese technology giant to transform itself into one of the world's largest investment firms.
Fortress Class A stockholders are to get $8.08 a share, the companies announced late Tuesday after The Wall Street Journal reported on the deal. That is 39% above the closing price Monday, excluding dividends. The shares rose by about 6% in regular trading Tuesday before word of the acquisition surfaced; after the deal was announced after-hours, shares soared more than 25%.
The move took some SoftBank watchers by surprise. The company, run by Masayoshi Son, one of the best-known and most-colorful Japanese business people, is known for bold acquisition moves in the technology and communications arena. In September, for example, SoftBank 9984, +0.68% purchased ARM Holdings PLC, a U.K. designer of microprocessors, for about $24 billion; in 2013, it acquired control of U.S. mobile-phone carrier Sprint Corp. S, +2.60%
The Fortress FIG, +6.52% acquisition nonetheless fits Son's ambitious long-term plans to become one of the world's biggest asset managers, focusing on technology but with a broader platform to raise money and shepherd companies across different sectors. In a statement, Son said the acquisition, along with a gigantic investment fund he's creating, will speed up a transformation aimed at long-term growth.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy (1:31) Professor Richard Thaler, an expert in behavioral economics, talked to MarketWatch about their 'lazy' investing strategy that allows investors to maximize their returns while doing very little.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Mike Flynn's brief White House stint caps contentious career.
Disney severs ties with YouTube star PewDiePie after anti-Semitic posts.
CBS Local — A Long Island woman's quest for breakfast ended up in a jail cell after police say they drove up to a jail security booth and mistook it for a fast food drive-thru window.
Lizabeth Ildefonso of Jamesport, New York was arrested on March 16 after they drove up to the Suffolk County jail and tried to order a “bacon, egg, and cheese.” According to the Riverhead News-Review, the 44-year-old was told by Suffolk County deputies that they were really at a jail but kept demanding breakfast. Ildefonso “insisted that they really wanted a sandwich,” the Suffolk County Sheriff's office said in a statement.
**ARREST** Today, a Jamesport woman was arrested by a Deputy Sheriff after they drove up to the Riverhead Jail's security booth & attempted to order a breakfast sandwich. Lizabeth Ildefonso was charged with Driving While Ability Impaired by Drugs & driving without a license. pic.twitter.com/oodUoKKe9f — Suffolk County Sheriff's Office (@Suffolk_Sheriff) March 16, 2018
Officers at the jail noticed that Ildefonso's eyes were glassy and they had a white powder in their left nose before performing a sobriety check. After “performing poorly” in a field sobriety test, the woman was arrested for driving while impaired by drugs. Police also noted that the 44-year-old was driving without a valid license.
The Sheriff's office says Deputy Sheriff Yvonne DeCaro, who arrested Ildefonso, had just completed a course to help identify impaired drivers. “It apparently was put to good use today although the surrounding circumstances were a little unexpected,” the Sheriff's office added.
WEST LAFAYETTE – Nate Mason made sure it was a very special weekend in Indiana for the Pitino family – son Richard, who is the Minnesota coach, and father Rick, the Louisville coach.
Mason contributed 31 points, 11 assists and six rebounds on Sunday, and Minnesota pulled away in overtime for a 91-82 Big Ten victory against No. 15 Purdue in Mackey Arena.
On Saturday, Rick Pitino's No. 6 Cardinals dominated Indiana 77-62 in Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Rick was in the crowd Sunday to watch their son's team improve to 13-2, 1-1 in the Big Ten after struggling to an 8-23, 2-16 mark last season.
Louisville also defeated Purdue 71-64 on Nov. 30 in Louisville in the ACC/Big Ten Challenge.
But Sunday's game was all about Mason, who made 11 of 18 field goal attempts and 7 of 10 free throws.
“It was a big win,” Mason said. “It means a lot, not only to me but to the young guys. We were just so excited to get the big win. Everybody was locked in, and everybody was focused. The rim got pretty big for me. I just kept shooting, and they just kept falling.”
Purdue guard P.J. Thompson, who spent most the game trying to guard Mason, credited the Golden Gophers' leading scorer, who came in averaging 13.5 points.
“He's a good player,” Thompson said. “He came out ready to play and had their team ready to play.”
Richard Pitino was thrilled to complete the Pitino family sweep of the Boilermakers and Hoosiers.
“I don't know when the last time we won here,” they said. “We deserved it, but we had to go out there and take it. It was great to play well right away and get our confidence going.”
Eric Curry scored seven of their 10 in overtime for Minnesota. The teams traded baskets to begin the extra period before a Curry basket began an 11-0, victory-clinching run that snapped the Boilermakers' seven-game winning streak.
Minnesota overcame 28 points and 22 rebounds from Caleb Swanigan, but it wasn't enough to save the Boilermakers (12-3, 1-1).
Swanigan's layup with 4.6 seconds remaining in regulation tied the game at 73 and forced overtime. Dupree McBrayer's 3-point attempt for Minnesota at the buzzer bounced off the rim.
The Golden Gophers began the game by making their first eight shots and building a 17-4 lead, but Purdue rallied to lead 50-43 with 13:39 remaining. Mason scored 10 during the next three minutes, and it was back and forth the rest of the way.
“Minnesota did everything well early, and they got into a nice rhythm,” Purdue coach Matt Painter said. “It felt like we were down 10 or 12 at the half, but we were fortunate to be down only (38-35). Their guards played well, but we made defensive mistakes as the game wore on.”
Borno
The Borno State Road Maintenance Agency (BORMA) has unveiled “Operation Zero Pothole” to repair roads in the state.
The Chairman of the agency, Alhaji Satomi Ahmad told newsmen in Maiduguri that the road repairs project was on major towns in the state.
Ahmad said the agency had completed arrangements to commence work on the roads in Maiduguri metropolis, adding that similar projects would be executed in Biu town.
They listed some of the roads to be fixed to include Post Office-Industrial Court, Jidari-Polo and Pompomari-Jidari.
Ekiti
The Ekiti State House of Assembly has sent letter of protest to the Acting Chairman of Economic and Financial Crimes Commission, Mr. Ibrahim Magu over the arrest and detention of the Commissioner for Finance, Mr. Toyin Ojo and the Accountant General, Mrs. Yemi Owolabi.
In the letter, the Assembly described the arrests of Ojo and Owolabi as “premeditated, malicious, politically motivated, contemptuous and unconstitutional in all ramifications;” saying it smacked of “gangsterism by an agency that derives its power from the constitution but acts in clear contempt of the rule of law.”
The letter, which was dated October 2 and signed by the Speaker, Mr. Kolawole Oluwawole was delivered at the EFCC's Abuja office last Tuesday.
FCT
Mrs. Patience Jonathan has asked President Muhammadu Buhari to treat them the way their husband, former President Goodluck Jonathan treated Aisha Buhari when they (President Buhari) lost the 2011 presidential election.
Patience, who is under investigation by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission said this in a statement by their Chief Press Secretary, Belema Meshack-Hart recently.
The former first lady said they were being probed because of the prominent role they played during the build-up to the 2015 elections.
Patience had described Buhari who was the then presidential candidate of the Progressives Congress as a brain-dead man.
Kaduna
Resident doctors in Kaduna State have begun an indefinite strike over “ the sorry state” of healthcare facilities in state government hospitals.
President, Association of Resident Doctors in the state, Dr. Joseph Jokshan said at a press briefing in Kaduna that the state government had not responded to any of the doctors' demands issued 21 days ago.
They said that the doctors were pained to begin the strike, but “unfortunately, we cannot effectively carry out these tasks in the current sorry state of our healthcare facilities.”
Jokshan listed issues that prompted the strike to include poor funding, equipping and staffing of hospitals and non- provision of living environment for medical, health workers and patients.
Kano
The Kano State Chapter of the Nigerian Union of Journalists (NUJ) in collaboration with the Islamic Banking and Finance Institute Nigeria (IBFIN) recently organised a sensitisation workshop for journalists in the state on the Fundamentals of Islamic Economy, Banking and Finance.
The Managing Director of the IBFIN, Alhaji Sani Aminu said the aim of the one-day workshop was to enhance the knowledge of the journalists on the importance of non-interest banking in the country.
They said the purpose of choosing journalists to benefit from the training was due to their importance and contributions towards the development of the nation's economy.
“When you educate a journalist, you educate the entire people because they are enlightening and educating and informing the general public.
Kebbi
Governor Atiku Bagudu of Kebbi State has promised to provide skills acquisition equipment and other materials to inmates of the two prisons in the state with a view to properly rehabilitating them.
Bagudu made the promise in Birnin Kebbi while donating tailoring machines to the inmates of the two prison inmates in the state.
The governor urged the inmates to consider their incarceration as an act of God meant to reform them and not to abuse their personality.
They called on them to change their attitudes, before and after the expiration of their prison terms.
Kogi
Kogi State Government has solicited the co-operation of media organisations in the state to help in sensitising the people on the need to obey environmental sanitation laws.
The Commissioner for Environment and Natural Resources, Mrs Rosemary Osikoya made the call in an interview with newsmen in Lokoja.
According to Osikoya, the call is necessary because the media remains a critical stakeholder to the society and the ministry, adding that it also touches the life of everybody and affects people in several ways.
Kwara
Kwara State Government has received N3.5 billion as its share of the federal allocation for September.
The state Commissioner for Finance, Alhaji Demola Banu who disclosed this in a statement in Ilorin said the amount was an increase over the N2.5 billion it got in August.
Banu gave the breakdown as N2.7 billion being statutory allocation and Value Added Tax (VAT) of N813 million, totaling N3.5 billion.
The commissioner said that the 16 local governments in the state received a combined allocation of N2.5 billion for September, against N1.8 billion they got in August.
Lagos
The Migrants Reintegration Centre in Ibeju-Lekki, near Lagos has rehabilitated no fewer than 100 Nigerians deported from various countries in the past four years.
The operator of the centre, Mrs Bose Aggrey told newsmen in Lagos that the deportees were mostly people, who went abroad in search of greener pastures.
Aggrey, who is also the founder of the Web of Hearts Foundation said that they had been collaborating with the National Commission for Refugees, Migrants and Internally Displaced Persons (NCRMI) in looking after the returnees.
Nasarawa
The Nasarawa State Government says it has sponsored 19 medical and engineering students who are indigenes of the state in the United Kingdom and Ukraine universities.
The Executive Secretary of Nasarawa State Scholarship Board, Mr Suleiman Abdulwahib disclosed this in an interview with newsmen recently in Lafia.
Abdulwahib said that over N160 million was spent on foreign scholarship to 16 indigenes of the state who studied medicine and engineering courses in Ukraine from 2007 to 2012.
They added the government had also spent over N33 million on three indigenes who did their post graduate programmes in UK from to 2016.
They explained that although presently, the state did not have any foreign students, it was working out modalities to award scholarships to indigenes to study in foreign countries.
Oyo
Private hospitals, mission homes and traditional birth attendants in Ibadan are recording tremendous increase in patronage following the on-going nationwide strike by health workers.
Reports indicate that the health workers' strike which began September 20 had affected normal medical services in federal government-owned hospitals and the 54 teaching hospitals in Nigeria.
A survey of patronage in some private hospitals in Ibadan revealed that there was a high increase in the number of in- and out-patients at these hospitals.
At Ibadan Central Hospital, a senior nursing officer who pleaded for anonymity said that the hospital had been treating an average of 76 new patients daily since the strike began.
Plateau
The War Against Indiscipline (WAI) Brigade has trained 85 volunteers to fight indiscipline and corruption in Plateau State according to the State Director of the National Orientation Agency (NOA), Mr Bulus Dabit.
Dabit told newsmen last Monday in Jos that the volunteers went through three months of rigorous training that armed them to tackle the two vices and also inculcate values of patriotism into the society.
“The trainees are ready to serve Nigeria; they are ready to be engaged by the Police for community policing and intelligence gathering,” they said.
They said that the WAI volunteers also known as Community Support Brigade could also augment the efforts of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency in the fight against drugs abuse.
“Some communities have become notorious for crimes as well as drugs sale and intake”.
The public are being given the chance to recognise the hard work of thousands of health service staff and say thank you to those who go above and beyond.
The nominations for the annual staff awards at Nottingham University Hospitals NHS Trust are now open.
To nominate someone for an NUHonours award visit www.nuh.nhs.uk/nuhonours with examples of their work within the last 12 months. Deadline for submissions is September 8.
Dundee new boy Marc Klok has spoken of their frustration after their home debut ended in a draw against Kilmarnock.
The Dutchman, signed just before the transfer window closed, played 25 minutes or so after they replaced Tom Hateley in the 1-1 Premiership share against Lee Clark's men at the weekend.
However, although they worked hard to get involved, Klok looked a bit rusty as several of their passes went astray.
They took to twitter to express their frustration, saying: “Disappointed with Saturday's draw. My first display at Dens.
“I will keep on working and improving.”
Their run-out against Killie followed a brief debut at Inverness the previous week when they came on inside the final 10 minutes.
However, they were handed more game time yesterday as the Dark Blues beat Dunfermline 2-0 in the Development League.
But, while several other first-team men were involved among the youths at Links Park, tellingly only Klok remained on the pitch for the duration of the game.
Also involved were Nick Ross, James Vincent and Danny Williams, although all three were taken off after 65 minutes.
However, by that point Ross had struck twice to put the Dark Blues in command and also boost their chances of inclusion when Rangers visit Dens on Sunday (KO 3.15).
Ross was an unused sub against Killie.
Parker Bates is a 10-year-old boy who loves to help animals find a home.
They attend every single animal charity event they can.  They are always posting pictures of animals on their Instagram that need to be adopted.
“I love it when my friends comment or see the pictures on Instagram and tell me they want to take care of a dog,” Bates said. “I take them the dog or they come and get it. My favorite dog is a huskie or a cute pug.”
Bates' favorite wild animal are lions.  They are currently playing young Kevin Pearson on NBC's “This is Us.” Bates describes Kevin Pearson as tough, funny, non-emotional and really enjoys taking care of Kate on the show.
Bates was familiar with Mandy Moore. They had seen them in the movie “Tangled.” They enjoyed watching the movie with their friends.
“It is really fun being on ‘This Is Us,'” Bates said. “I feel like Milo and Mandy are my parents because they take care of me off set and they make sure I have my lines memorized and we rehearse together.”
“This Is Us” is in its second season.
Bates loves how protective Kevin is of their sister in the show. It reminds them of the occasional fights they get into with their brother. They credit their fights with their brother as helping their fights on television to feel natural.
It is their older brother, Prestyn, that inspired Parker to purse an acting career. Prestyn, 12, started their acting career doing commercials.
“I was like Prestyn gets to be on television,” Parker said. “I might want to do that. I went with them to an audition and they asked me if I wanted to audition and then I booked it.”
Bates lived in Frisco, Texas, for eight years.
The soccer fan was wearing their soccer outfit as I was interviewing him.
They have scored 12 goals in one game. They went to a Los Angeles Galaxy game last month.  They are also a fan of the FC Dallas soccer team.
“I'm in my soccer outfit right now because I have soccer practice in three hours,” Bates said. “I've been playing soccer since I was three years old.
I was on a team in Texas but now I'm in recreation soccer.”
“I really like it,” Bates said. “It's a good way for me to be active.”
Bates also has been doing gymnastic for three years.
“I can do backflip, front flip, backhand spring and a bunch of other stuff that I can't describe,” Bates said. “We have a trampoline in our backyard that I like to do backflips on it because it is really fun to do that.”
The child actor loves the Los Angeles weather. They enjoy the mountains, the beach and snowboarding. They love traveling to get to the country.
Their favorite cars are the Ferrari and Lamborghini Egisto Sports Car.
“Parker is a car fanatic,” Karli Bates, Parker's mom said. “He can tell you every car model out there. They love cars that look futuristic.”
Bates is a kind, funny and enthusiastic child actor.
Their dream acting role is a superhero role.
“I like that superheroes get to have a normal life and a fun superhero life,” Bates said. “I would love to fight crime. I want to be my own stuntman.”
Bates is eager to do all their stunts in their future acting roles.
“I would love to have Spider-Man powers or the Flash power,” they said.
Their favorite colors are hot pink and royal blue.
“I can't decide which one I like most,” they added. “Both are pretty if you put them together. I am a foodie. I love everything that my mom makes except their spaghetti squash. My grandma can cook really good as well.”
Bates would love to voice a monkey on a television show.
“It would be fun to voice a monkey because they are in trees and my mom calls me a monkey when I climb trees,” Bates said. “My dad grew up in the country. I like nature, but my mom is not a big fan of nature.”
They favorite movies are “Alvin and The Chipmunks” and “E.T.”
Bates would love to raise medical awareness on cancer.
Their mom has been their biggest influence in life but on the television set it is Milo Ventimiglia, because they act like an awesome dad on set. Bates has a fond memory that they smile as they share the story.
“I got hurt once on set,” Bates said. “Milo came and helped me.”
Bates is not a fan of chapter books but they do enjoy reading.
“I like comic books,” Bates said. “I like DC Superhero comic books.”
Their favorite subject in school is math because math is the same in every country.
“If I were to be in school in Japan and I did math in Japan then I would get the answer right in Japan,” Bates said. “I think that is really cool.”
As my interview comes to a close, Bates tells me about their favorite toy.
“I really like Legos because I like to put them together and then take them apart,” Bates said. “I do it over and over again. Sometimes I build something with them. Perhaps you could get my mom to get some Legos for me.”
Karli Bates sees Parker as a sweet kid who always amazes them
“I couldn't ask for a better kid with Parker,” Karli said. “I know all moms say that. Parker and Prestyn are both so determined but kind and gracious about it. We moved to Los Angeles from Texas as a family to allow our two sons to follow their dream. Parker and Prestyn show that if you work hard then you can achieve anything.
“Los Angeles teaches us that every day. I love what Los Angeles has taught my kids.”
Karli underestimated what their sons could do in Los Angeles.
“I hate that I did and I hate to say that I did,” Karli said. “I thought they were crazy and that if we came out to Los Angeles and they would see how hard it is and then we would go home. They proved me wrong. “Prestyn did a movie out here. They played Charlie Sheen's son in a movie called “911.” We were out here doing that when this little audition for a show called “This Is Us” came up and we thought it is a pilot and that it wouldn't get picked up. They kept needing him. We just signed a six-month lease on an apartment.”
Be yourself! I'm Simply Jessica JcAden. You can reach me at jess.gosnell@gmail.com.
Photos, flowers, and candles mark the site of a deadly crash in Chicano Park when a car plunged off the Coronado Bay Bridge into the crowd below.
Emotions ran high Wednesday during a hearing to determine whether accused DUI driver and U.S. Navy sailor Richard Sepolio will stand trial for a crash in Chicano Park that killed four people.
Prosecutors said Sepolio was drunk at the time of the crash and was texting before veering off the ramp. Their defense attorney argued they were run off the road by another driver.
On Oct. 15, 2016, 25-year-old Sepolio was behind the wheel of their truck when their vehicle plunged 60 feet off the Coronado Bridge transition ramp, landing on a large crowd below in Chicano Park.
In Chicano Park, flowers and candles still mark the place where the crash took the lives of four people--their deaths still making an impact months later. Along with them, a reminder of the date when Sepolio was scheduled to appear in court.
Roberto Ramirez told NBC 7, they bring their young son Joshua to the park just about every week.
But they said the fear of something like that happening again is still there.
"I just pray to God nothing happens down there. There are a lot of kids, innocent kids," Ramirez said.
They added that they let their son play a safe distance away.
"You never know with traffic up there anything can happen," Ramirez said.
Besides the many families that frequent Chicano Park, it is also home to many in the “low-rider” community.
The clubs responded with fundraisers and other support for the families of the crash victims.
"The fact that it happened at the park, it hit us little closer to home,” club Vice President Jose Romero said.
Romero said they heard the crash from just up the street, where this cruise-in took place Wednesday night.
Tragic as it may be, Romero said the incident brought the community closer together and continues to do so with every day that passes.
"It just makes everybody realize we're family. We're all family here,” they said.
The crash inspired a grassroot for creating barriers on the Coronado Bay Bridget to prevent this from happening again.
So far, no changes have been made to the bridge.
NBC 7 reached out to Caltrans but have not yet heard back.
Vision Research isn't in the business of making boring old “regular” cameras. It's the leading maker of high-speed digital cameras, and the latest Phantom v2640 is really something else. This camera records at greater-than-HD resolution, but that's not the impressive part. No, the impressive part is that it records at greater than HD resolution at a mind-boggling 6,600 frames per second. You can push it even higher at lower resolutions.
The Phantom v2640 has a 4MP CMOS image sensor, which might not sound like a lot. However, it's capable of capturing at the full resolution of that sensor at the asupervisorstioned 6,600fps. That's a resolution of 2048 x 1952. If you turn it down to full HD (1080p), the Phantom v2640 is capable of 11,750fps. At standard definition (480p), you can record at 28,760 frames per second. The video below was captured at about 17,000 fps. The maximum throughput of the Phantom v2640 is 26 gigapixels per second.
Vision Research offers the Phantom v2640 in both color and monochrome versions. The camera offers a dynamic range of 64dB — that's over ten stops. The monochrome version has a higher ISO of 16,000, making it better for extreme low-light in the so-called “binning” mode. The color sensor is closer to the ISO you'd expect on a regular camera at 3,200.
The internal storage is configurable at the time of purchase with 72GB, 144GB, and 288GB options. Even the maximum storage option won't hold a ton of video when you're recording at thousands of frames per second. So, the camera also supports Vision Research's CineMag IV swappable high-speed storage disks for an additional 1-2TB of space.
You can get PC accessories to read the CineMags like you would an SD card from a normal camera, but the camera also supports 10Gbps direct Ethernet transfers via the included cable. That's not a standard cable, though. One end is a proprietary Fischer plug and the other is Ethernet.
The Phantom v2640 isn't terribly portable with a weight of 17 pounds, but it does come with a custom Pelican hard case for travel. That's really the least Vision Research can do when you buy the camera — it's extremely expensive. The base model with just 72GB of storage runs $135,000 and the best model costs $175,000. A single 1TB CineMag IV will run you almost $12,000. None of that should come as a shock, as the Phantom v2640 isn't exactly a consumer device. It's aimed mostly at filmmakers and researchers.
Project info
Syria continues to sink in blood of own people, to collapse from explosions and attacks. Civil war goes four years.
According to UN figures, more than 250 thousand people were killed in military operations. Government forces confront militias belonging to various armed groups. The future of Syria and its citzens is still covered with a thick smoke of the next projectile.
Syria has turned into splinters. Splinters of broken silence.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - In an upcoming webinar hosted by Xtalks, chaired by PCI Clinical Services' UK Managing Director Dr. Fiona Withey, a live panel will examine the facts around Brexit and its impact on clinical trials.
Current levels of uncertainty within post-Brexit clinical trial supply chains is leading to client, sponsor and patient concerns. To address these fears, the speakers will also outline their risk mitigation strategy to ensure continuity of their clients' supply chains and to allow patients to continue to access safe and effective medicines.
It is very hard for anybody not intimately involved with the European Union, the workings of the UK economy and the healthcare sector, to clearly understand the true facts, or indeed the advantages and disadvantages, of Brexit. One fact is clear, Brexit is happening in March 2019 and the UK will leave the European Union.
So what does Brexit mean for the pharmaceutical sector? As various bodies initiate debate and argument, leading to uncertainty, assumptions and surmising, it is becoming increasingly difficult to separate fact from fiction and understand the likely implications that Brexit will have on this sector.
With European Commission directives and cross-border collaborations currently in place, it is perceived that clinical supply chains will experience future challenges in terms of compliance with new rules and regulations that will be enforced post March 2019.
With the degree of 'Brexit uncertainty' appearing to be increasing, what is fact and what is fiction and what will be the impact on the pharmaceutical sector?
Join the live session on Monday, October 23, 2017 at 10am EDT (3pm BST/UK). For more information about this this complimentary event, visit: Brexit's Impact on Clinical Trials - Separating Fact from Fiction.
ABOUT XTALKS
Xtalks, powered by Honeycomb Worldwide Inc., is a leading provider of educational webinars to the global Life Sciences community. Every year thousands of industry practitioners (from pharmaceutical and biotech companies, private and academic research institutions, healthcare centers, etc.) turn to Xtalks for access to quality content. Xtalks helps Life Science professionals stay current with industry developments, trends and regulations. Xtalks webinars also provide perspectives on key issues from top industry thought leaders and service providers.
To learn more about Xtalks visit http://xtalks.com
For information about hosting a webinar visit http://xtalks.com/sponsorship.ashx
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/10/6/11G146302/Images/PCI_clinicalservices_logo_300-c2afc9f6fd42bb70bc6cf6e9f1948a72.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/10/6/11G146302/Images/PCI_Logo_200-6155c081b3e5988e8e42e7cd27cbf3de.jpg
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Shaun Wane revealed their delight at Wigan's defensive display as the Warriors picked up back-to-back victories over Easter.
The World Club champions defeated Wakefield 16-10 in a victory that moved them within three points of league leaders Castleford.
Although Wane admitted that they were frustrated with elements of their side's display, they were thrilled with their defence.
“It was a tough one last year in different circumstances and I'm glad to get back here and put things right a little bit, although we were way off to be honest.
“We had 50 percent completion in the first half and there is no way you can win a game like that but we fixed it up in the second half.
“This is a hard place to come and they put us under pressure but we showed plenty of toughness to defend our line.”
Questions, Comments or News Stories Contact Owner/Publisher Jonathan Taylor 410-422-2948 Or email me at jtlesn@comcast.net
The Southern Nevada Health District is encouraging everyone to get a flu vaccine this season.
The Southern Nevada Health District is encouraging everyone to get a flu vaccine this season.
This year's flu season is only getting worse. For the first time, ever all states in the lower 48 are reporting widespread flu activity in the same week.
This year's flu season is only getting worse. For the first time, ever all states in the lower 48 are reporting widespread flu activity in the same week.
A woman uses IV therapy to help prevent the flu. (Brad Boyer/FOX5)
A woman uses IV therapy to help prevent the flu. (Brad Boyer/FOX5)
A Valley mother told FOX5 their son died in their arms three days after they were diagnosed with the flu.
A Valley mother told FOX5 their son died in their arms three days after they were diagnosed with the flu.
Carlo Occhipinti, 12, died from the flu just days before their birthday (FOX5).
Carlo Occhipinti, 12, died from the flu just days before their birthday (FOX5).
Valley mom: My 12-year-old son died after flu diagnosis
Valley mom: My 12-year-old son died after flu diagnosis
The Southern Nevada Health District confirmed two additional flu-related deaths in Clark County during the third week of January.
The Southern Nevada Health District confirmed two additional flu-related deaths in Clark County during the third week of January.
The logo for the Southern Nevada Health District. (File)
The logo for the Southern Nevada Health District. (File)
Two additional flu-related deaths reported in Clark County
Two additional flu-related deaths reported in Clark County
Total flu deaths rises to 18 in Clark County
The logo for the Southern Nevada Health District. (File)
Two more people died from the flu in Clark County, the Southern Nevada Health District confirmed Friday.
The deaths brought the total number of deaths to 18 for the current flu season.
The health district said the two people who died were over the age of 65.
A total of 694 people were hospitalized and there are 878 confirmed cases, according to the health district.
For information on the flu, visit the Southern Nevada Health District's website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Visit Phoseon at booth number 231 to learn more about LED curing for coating applications
HILLSBORO, OR--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Phoseon will showcase the latest UV LED curing solutions for coating applications at the upcoming Eastern Coatings Show event in Atlantic City, NJ. Visit the Phoseon exhibit, booth number 231, to learn how Phoseon LED technology is a perfect fit for coating applications due to the compact size, ease of integration, and high intensity output achieved through optimized LED thermal management. Users of Phoseon LED curing systems can process a variety of materials, including thin and heat-sensitive substrates, at maximum production speeds with low-input power.
The Eastern Coatings Show will take place at Harrah's Resort Atlantic City on May 15-17 in Atlantic City, NJ. It will showcase a wide variety of industry-related equipment for label, screen and inkjet printers, manufacturing machinery, drying and curing equipment associated with this sector.
About Phoseon Technology
In 2002, Phoseon Technology pioneered the use of LED technology for UV curing applications, and has recently expanded into Life Sciences. As the world leader in providing UV LED solutions, Phoseon engineers patented LED technology to deliver rugged, high-performance products for application specific needs. The company is focused 100% on LED technology and provides worldwide sales and support capabilities.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135982/Images/wood-coating-_Phoseon-f77d66700db78c2688135672e2587dd0.jpg
A pedestrian was critically injured when they were hit by a car at Sahara Avenue and Maryland Parkway Friday, according to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police. (Photo: LVMPD)
A pedestrian was critically injured when they were hit by a car at Sahara Avenue and Maryland Parkway Friday, according to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police.
A 40-year-old man was jaywalking, crossing Sahara east of the intersection. Police were called at 3:34 p.m. Friday. The man was taken to an area hospital with life-threatening injuries and broken bones, police said.
The driver stayed on the scene and was cooperative with police, LVMPD said.
Police issued a reminder: "Please use crosswalks. A longer walk is worth your life."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Fastec Imaging's IL5 High-Speed 5MP Camera allows remote monitoring and troubleshooting of your manufacturing process. At any given time, the IL5 enables you to record production lines moving at high-speed for performance or quality analysis, troubleshooting, or machinery diagnostics using slow motion replay so you can see what you have been missing with normal speed video. The IL5 can also be used to record any gears, motors, small and large rotating machinery or equipment moving at high-speed and susceptible to vibration problems for maintenance or troubleshooting. With four models to choose from, boasting crisp, clean video from 2560 x 2080 @ 230fps to 800 x 600 @ 1650fps, there is an IL5 to fit your application needs. All models record over 3200 fps at VGA resolution and more than 29,000 fps at smaller resolutions. Able to save images to an SSD or SD card while recording high-speed bursts of hundreds or even thousands of images at a time, the IL5 is always ready for the next high-speed snapshot.
Built for flexibility and ease of use, the Fastec IL5 camera can be controlled over Gigabit Ethernet via Fastec FasMotion software on your PC/Mac or via the built-in web interface with your favorite web browser on your PC, Mac, tablet, or even your smartphone. Using the (LR) FasCorder Mode, operate the camera as a regular camcorder to record and pause as needed and follow the action, stop recording and review what you have, and then append additional footage at will, even after a power cycle. Unlike traditional high-speed camera systems that only record for a few seconds and require careful triggering, the IL5's Long-Record (LR) option can record at high speed for many minutes at high resolutions, to many hours at reduced resolutions.
Mansfield Town boss Steve Evans hopes their four new signings can hit the ground running as Stags face Blackpool this afternoon.
Evans has thrown Jake Kean, Joel Byrom, Ben Whiteman and Yoann Arquin in to the starting 11 at the expense of Scott Shearer, James Baxendale, Danny Rose and Chris Clements.
Evans said: “We have to make changes because we have to improve, but we also have a busy fixture list and would have had to make changes for that reason as well
“We have brought players in who we think will improve us. They have trained with us for a number of days and aren't strangers to what we want to do.
“These bosy have all played and are fit. Sometimes players take a game or two to settle in and some do it straight away, they are quality players and Blackpool will see the teamsheet and know it is game on.
“We have got lads on the bench who are good enough to come on and play a part, but for them to play another 90 minutes against a physical Blackpool team would be tough.
“Those that have not made the 18 now have to fight for their place. We are fighting to push up the table and we hope the changes will improve us.
“There will be more changes to come. good players win games and the quality is there, we need a bit of luck.
“We hope to settle the squad sown in January, add a couple more and set our tone out for the rest of the season.
“We want to pay more football and win more matches, 2016 has been a difficult year for the fans and we want to progress and work towards where we want to be at the end of the season.”
The Stags boss is also expecting a tough battling match against a Blackpool side eager for revenge following the late 1-0 defeat at the One Call Stadium.
They added:“Blackpool are a pyshical side, it was a real battle at our place and we nicked it in inury-time after a very hard fought game.
“This is a great stadium, I rememeber watching games here when it was packed to the rafters and it was fanasic.
“It is a shame it is not a festive fixture that has the place buzzing, but those that are here will see a good performance from Mansfield Town.”
Christopher Lindsay, 43 was arrested today near the Santa Rosa and Okaloosa County line, charged with murder in the death of 55-year-old Lorie Musil, according to a news release from the GB police department. (Photo: Special to the News Journal)
A Navarre man was sentenced to life in prison Friday for drowning a woman outside a Gulf Breeze bar.
A Santa Rosa County jury found Christopher Alexander Lindsay, 46, guilty of second-degree murder after testimony during the trial showed that Lindsay had killed Lorie Musil, 55.
Lindsay and Musil left the Bridge Bar and Sunset Lounge, near the foot of the Pensacola Bay Bridge, together on Nov. 22, 2015. Lindsay was showing the victim their boat, which was docked behind the bar, according to a State Attorney's Office release.
More: Three critical after three-vehicle Barrancas Avenue crash
Lindsay came back about 40 minutes later alone, shirtless, and their hair, neck and chest were wet. Witnesses said Lindsay was erratic, angry and intoxicated, and said Musil pushed them into the water, so they drowned them Lindsay was kicked out of the bar and checked into a nearby hotel that night.
Authorities found Musil's body the next night, laying on the rocks along the shoreline. Them body appeared to have been placed on the rocks, as opposed to washing up on them, the release said.
An autopsy determined Musil died by drowning by facial immersion. They had numerous external bruises on their arms, knees, and legs, as well as internal bruises.
Phone records show that Musil's phone stopped providing location information at 11:07 p.m., which is between when they and Lindsay left the bar together at 10:35 p.m. and when Lindsay returned alone at 11:16 p.m.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/crime/2017/12/11/navarre-man-sentenced-life-prison-drowning-woman-outside-gulf-breeze-bar/940113001/
A new papakāinga development is underway in Wairarapa for the beneficiaries of the Hurunui-o-Rangi Marae, located 10km east of Carterton.
The development includes a rebuild of the marae and six new homes that will allow whānau to live on their ancestral land in affordable healthy homes and support their marae. The project will be completed over two years.
Māori Development Minister, Te Ururoa Flavell, applauds the start of the build of affordable rental housing options for whānau of Wairarapa.
“I am pleased to acknowledge the start of the construction of the Hurunui-o-Rangi Māori Reservation Trust papakāinga in Wairarapa today. Developments like these are fundamental to building a strong community, and it's great to have these new homes being developed and led by whānau, for whānau,” says Mr Flavell.
Minister Flavell commends the Trust for its efforts to recreate what was once a vibrant pā community, acknowledging that this will be one of the first new papakāinga in the Wairarapa area for many years.
“Growing a successful community means more than simply building homes for whānau in need. It is linking whānau back to their whenua, it is mokopuna learning their history and whakapapa, and whānau growing in a supportive environment that embodies Māori values such as whanaungatanga, manaakitanga and kaitiakitanga.”
This papakāinga development is a collaborative effort and includes funds of $1.6m from the Māori Housing Network led by Te Puni Kōkiri and a Kāinga Whenua bank loan secured by the Trust.
“I am proud to support papakāinga projects like this one through the Māori Housing Network enabling whānau and Māori organisations to meet their housing aspirations.”
By CBM Newswire
The African American Civic Engagement Project in conjunction with the California Legislative Black Caucus hosted their annual Juneteenth celebration at the California Railroad Museum June 7 highlighting leadership from California's public universities. Four African American university president's, were honored from California State University (CSU) and California University (UC) higher education systems.
Image copyright Cumbria Police Image caption Police also found extreme animal pornography on Lovatt's computer
A former Lake District campsite manager has been jailed for possessing "truly shocking" indecent images of children.
Timothy Lovatt, 57, downloaded thousands of illegal still and moving images, some showing the sexual abuse of children, including babies.
Lovatt, of West End Road, Morecambe, admitted six charges at Carlisle Crown Court, including downloading and distributing illicit images.
Judge Peter Hughes sentenced the former Windermere camp manager to three years.
The court was told that police seized Lovatt's computer equipment from their home after a tip-off.
They found more than 5,000 file names which indicated that images had been shared across the internet between October 2015 and December 2016.
'Disturbing images'
"Disturbing" online chat room conversations were also discovered, which suggested Lovatt had contacted and even met "like-minded" others with an interest in viewing images of sexual activity of children "of the very lowest age range".
The court heard Lovatt made full admissions to police, confessing that any naked child aroused him.
Lovatt, a former Royal Navy petty officer, was said to be remorseful and seeking help.
But jailing Lovatt, Judge Hughes called their crimes "truly shocking".
They added: "It is only a sick and depraved mind that could obtain any pleasure from such material."
Det Con Ryan Parker, of Cumbria Police's digital media investigation unit, said: "Some of the most disturbing images of abuse that our officers have ever come across were discovered on Lovatt's devices.
"Lovatt was proactive in their approach to distributing sickening images to other people online. Their distressing chat history and behaviour depicts them as one of the more dangerous online predators."
Four students from the Bay Area have advanced to the final round of the 2018 Scripps National Spelling Bee out of a field of more than 500 spellers from across the nation.
The final round will have 41 total competitors, and will be held 7 to 11 a.m. Thursday and 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Thursday, according to bee spokesperson Valerie Miller.
The spellers who made the final cut from the Bay Area are:
— Anisha Rao, a seventh-grader from Dublin, who attends Eleanor Murray Fallon Middle School. They won the Alameda County Middle School Spelling Bee in 2018.
— Amith Vasantha, 13, a seventh-grader from San Jose, who attends BASIS Independent Silicon Valley. Vasantha won the CBS Bay Area Spelling Bee in March.
— Rishik Gandhasri, 12, a sixth-grader also from San Jose, who attends Silver Oak Elementary School. Gandhasri was the runner-up in the CBS bee where Vasantha won.
— Nidhi Vadlamudi, 12, a sixth-grader from Santa Clara, who attends Stratford-Sunnyvale Raynor Middle School. They also competed in the regional CBS Bee.
This year's field of spellers, 515, is the largest ever, as Scripps introduced a new invitational system, allowing more students into the competition. Spokeswoman Miller called it a “leveling of the playing field” for spellers.
Last year, the bee had 291 competitors, Miller said.
“In areas where we don't have a sponsor, in years past, the kids might win their school spelling bee but then there's no path for them to continue on their spelling journey,” they said.
They added the new system, called RSVBee, addresses issues in some regions that have had continually dominant spellers who win year after year, keeping other talented kids out of the running.
The competition started on Tuesday and is being held at the Gaylord National Resort & Convention Center in National Harbor, Maryland. The morning round of the finals will be televised on ESPN2, and the afternoon round will be shown on ESPN, according to Miller.
For more information, go to the bee's website at spellingbee.com.
MARIANA, Fla. (AP) - Florida authorities say an inmate who killed their cellmate last month while awaiting trial for killing another cellmate in 2015 is now in solitary confinement.
The News Herald reports 21-year-old Frederick Patterson III said they killed their 82-year-old cellmate Arthur Williams on Jan. 15, and told correctional officers that "there's one less child molester on the streets."
Patterson, a convicted burglar, was sentenced Thursday to life in prison for killing 45-year-old Scott Collinsworth, a convicted robber, in the Apalachee Correctional Institution.
Patterson now faces a first-degree murder charge. Williams, who allegedly tried to lure a 9-year-old boy into their car, had been ruled incompetent 10 days earlier and was being held in the Jackson County Correctional Facility awaiting transfer to a mental facility.
___
Information from: The (Panama City, Fla.) News Herald, http://www.newsherald.com
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of theirs describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," they say.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; they note that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, they say. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" they say.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," they say. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
There are lots of dogs out there that can skateboard — even one that broke a World Record — but can all of them skateboard downstairs?
House of Highlights shared this amazing video on Wednesday night from @murdythedawg. Murdy is able to balance on the board better than I can.
This dog is a legend. 😂 (via @murdythedawg) A post shared by Sports Videos (@houseofhighlights) on Jun 14, 2017 at 7:31pm PDT
The dog's Instagram bio says, “Just a skateboarding 🐶 enjoying everything about my Cali life!” And there are a ton more videos of Murdy skateboarding and giving out high-fives.
Enjoy:
Hill Bomb Line 🏔💣💪🏿 🚫L's A post shared by Murdy Dawg Ewing (@murdythedawg) on Jun 12, 2017 at 9:21am PDT
More trades will flow through periodic auctions, UBS says
More than 600 stocks were barred from dark pools on March 12
UBS Group AG is helping its clients to live without dark pools.
The Swiss bank plans to start a periodic auction service next month, the head of its multilateral-trading facility said in an interview. That will enable companies to trade stocks that have been suspended from dark pools under MiFID II regulations.
“We will see more flow through periodic auctions,” Richard Semark, head of UBS's multilateral-trading facility, said in the interview. “They give a lot of benefits that dark trading gave historically.”
Periodic auctions provide traders with a legitimate way of hiding orders until there is enough interest to trigger a buying or selling process. That allows fund managers to avoid moving the market to their detriment, as could happen on a stock exchange.
On March 12, regulators banned more than 600 stocks from trading in dark pools amid efforts to increase transparency and bring more buying and selling onto public venues, under Europe's revised Markets in Financial Instruments Directive.
Cboe Europe, the region's biggest dark-pool operator, and Investment Technology Group are among firms that already run periodic auctions. On the first day of the dark-pool crackdown, Cboe Europe traded 583 million euros ($719 million) through its periodic auction, 65 percent more than the average daily volume through the service in February.
Traders can also sidestep the dark limits by trading in big blocks, known as large-in-scale transactions, or they can trade through a so-called systematic internalizer operated by banks and speed traders.
“I would expect there to be a similar number of periodic auctions as large-in-scale venues,” Semark said.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
San Jose is set to consider changing several housing policies at Tuesday's City Council meeting.
As development in the city booms and housing prices continue to soar, the city's Housing Department has recommended changes it believes would help renters and protections for landlords.
— One item up for discussion has to do with how landlords of rent-controlled apartments bill renters for utilities. Right now, some divide utility costs based on how many people live in each apartment and the unit's size, not on how much water, gas or electricity each apartment actually uses. In other words, if one apartment's usage is very high one month, other tenants can still get stuck paying more than their fair share. That makes budgeting for utility bills difficult.
The Housing Department wants the council to prohibit that practice and ask property owners to install sub meters at each apartment so families are charged only for what they actually use.
— The council will also consider a couple of tweaks to a tenant protection ordinance it adopted last year. One would prevent landlords from threatening to share information about their tenants' immigration status with immigration authorities. The other change would let landlords evict renters convicted of a serious or violent felony.
Acknowledging concerns about the displacement of families, the city has recommended giving them a chance to evict felons from an apartment before allowing landlords to oust a whole family. Mayor Sam Liccardo supports the idea, but wants the city to provide an exception for children convicted of such crimes.
— Also up for debate is an issue around the Ellis Act, which outlines when and how the owners of some rent-controlled apartments in the city — generally those built before September 1979 — can take them off the market.
Like other cities, San Jose requires that new apartments built to replace old rent-controlled units within five years also come back as rent-controlled apartments. The Housing Department doesn't want to do away with that entirely, but it cautioned that other cities with such rules have actually seen a drop in the number of rent-controlled apartments available, in part because building owners sometimes simply wait five years to rent the new apartments in order to dodge the requirement.
Instead, the Housing Department has recommended, in part, that only a portion — at least half — of a building's apartments be subject to such rent controls.
In a recent memo to the mayor and City Council, Deputy City Manager Kim Walesh and Planning Director Rosalynn Hughey acknowledged that rising construction costs combined with some slowdown in the rental market makes it difficult to entice developers to San Jose, particularly when nearby cities offer more of a return on investment with both higher rents and land values.
Right now, according to the memo, the city taxes and fees per unit for high-density, mixed use developments has spiked in the last five years and ranges from about $40,000 to more than $63,000.
Related Articles Editorial: Carrasco has delivered for San Jose, deserves another term
San Jose City Council postpones travel policy decision amid ‘acrimonious debate'
Editorial: Why San Jose City Council should tighten its travel policy
As half of San Jose City Council tours Japan, mayor proposes changes to city's travel policy
Avoiding ballot measure, San Jose City Council reaches compromise with unions Liccardo has said they want the city to add 25,000 residential units over the next five years or so, and the city has been pushing the development of so-called urban villages — high-density, mixed use pockets throughout the city. But the conditions developers currently face place a damper on that vision.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
“While San José and its surrounding metro area continue to be one of the most robust real estate markets in the nation,” the memo reads, “the increases in cost associated with new construction and the relative slowing of rents mean that development in most areas of San José is currently unlikely without some extenuating project circumstances (such as long-term land ownership, or self-financed development with expectations of a return over a longer timeframe).”
A pedestrian suffered life-threatening injuries in an apparent hit-and-run at Bonanza Road and 28th Street, near Eastern Avenue, according to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police.
The pedestrian was taken to a nearby hospital. Eastbound Bonanza, along with Wardelle Street, Manning Street and Mojave Road were shut down as officers investigated, police said.
Police said a gray or silver sedan was involved in the accident. The pedestrian remains in critical condition as of Saturday morning.
Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Study Demonstrates Broad Applicability of Immunovaccine's DepoVax™ Platform for Delivering Cancer Antigens
HALIFAX, NOVA SCOTIA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Immunovaccine Inc. ("Immunovaccine" or the "Company") (TSX:IMV)(OTCQX:IMMVF), a clinical stage vaccine and immunotherapy company, today announced that the first study participant has been treated in a Phase 1b/2 clinical study evaluating Immunovaccine's investigational cancer vaccine, DPX-E7, in combination with low-dose cyclophosphamide in patients with incurable oropharyngeal, cervical and anal cancers related to the human papillomavirus (HPV).
Dana-Farber Cancer Institute (Dana-Farber) is leading the DPX-E7 study through a $1.5 million research grant from Stand Up To Cancer and the Farrah Fawcett Foundation to clinically evaluate collaborative translational research that addresses critical problems in HPV-related cancers.
"Because DPX-E7 is formulated with the same DepoVax™ platform technology as our DPX-Survivac candidate, this trial further demonstrates the broad applicability of DepoVax™ to deliver cancer antigens appropriately," said Frederic Ors, Immunovaccine's Chief Executive Officer. "It is also an important step forward in developing therapies for the high-risk HPV infections that have been linked to cancers associated with poor patient outcomes. We are pleased to be working with the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute in this endeavor, and we look forward to continuing to fully leverage our platform's potential to address high unmet medical needs, delivering more options to patients and creating more opportunities to generate value for our shareholders."
The Dana-Farber study is a single center, open label, non-randomized clinical trial that will investigate the safety and clinical efficacy of DPX-E7 in combination with low-dose metronomic oral cyclophosphamide in a total of 44 treated participants. Its primary objectives are to evaluate changes in CD8+ T cells in peripheral blood and tumor tissue, and to evaluate the safety of DPX-E7 vaccination in HLA-A2 positive patients with incurable HPV-related head and neck, cervical or anal cancers. DPX-E7 targets an HPV viral protein known as E7. Immunovaccine has the option to produce the DPX-E7 vaccine if it proves successful in the clinic.
"We are excited to offer this new therapy for our patients with HPV-related head and neck, anal and cervical cancers that have recurred after standard therapy," said Robert Haddad M.D., disease center leader, head and neck oncology program at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.
This trial marks another milestone in the expansion of Immunovaccine's growing pipeline of immuno-oncology candidates. Currently, Immunovaccine has multiple early-stage trials evaluating DepoVax™-based clinical candidates in ovarian cancer. The Company most recently announced that Princess Margaret Cancer Centre had received Health Canada clearance to begin an investigator-sponsored Phase 2 ovarian cancer study evaluating Immunovaccine's DPX-Survivac with Merck's pembrolizumab.
Individuals interested in enrolling in the Phase 1b/2 clinical trial evaluating DPX-E7 can find more information via clinicaltrials.gov.
About HPV-related Cancers
Approximately 30 to 40 types of human papillomaviruses (HPV) are transmitted through sexual contact and infect the anogenital region and oropharynx. About 15 of these are designated "high-risk" (i.e., oncogenic); more than five percent of all new cancers are attributed to high-risk HPV infections.(i) HPV is the cause of virtually all cases of cervical cancer, the second leading cause of cancer deaths among women worldwide, and has been linked to anal, vulva, vaginal, penile and oropharyngeal cancers.(ii),(iii),(iv)
About DepoVax™
DepoVax™ is a patented formulation that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens plus adjuvant to the immune system, resulting in a strong, specific and sustained immune response with the potential for single-dose effectiveness. The DepoVax™ platform is flexible and can be used with a broad range of target antigens for preventative or therapeutic applications. The technology is designed to be commercially scalable, with the potential for years of shelf life stability. Fully synthetic, off-the-shelf DepoVax™-based vaccines are also relatively easy to manufacture, store, and administer. These characteristics enable Immunovaccine to pursue vaccine candidates in cancer, infectious diseases and other vaccine applications.
About Immunovaccine
Immunovaccine Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company dedicated to making immunotherapy more effective, more broadly applicable, and more widely available to people facing cancer and infectious diseases. Immunovaccine develops T cell activating cancer immunotherapies and infectious disease vaccines based on DepoVax™, the Company's patented platform that provides controlled and prolonged exposure of antigens and adjuvant to the immune system. Immunovaccine has advanced two T cell activation therapies for cancer through Phase 1 human clinical trials and is currently conducting a Phase 1b study with Incyte Corporation assessing lead cancer therapy, DPX-Survivac, as a combination therapy in ovarian cancer. The Company is also exploring additional applications of DepoVax™, including DPX-RSV, an innovative vaccine candidate for respiratory syncytial virus (RSV), which has recently completed a Phase 1 clinical trial. Immunovaccine also has ongoing clinical projects to assess the potential of DepoVax™ to address malaria and the Zika virus. Connect at www.imvaccine.com.
Immunovaccine Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking information under applicable securities law. All information that addresses activities or developments that we expect to occur in the future is forward-looking information. Forward-looking statements are based on the estimates and opinions of management on the date the statements are made. However, they should not be regarded as a representation that any of the plans will be achieved. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth in this press release due to risks affecting the Company, including access to capital, the successful completion of clinical trials and receipt of all regulatory approvals. Immunovaccine Inc. assumes no responsibility to update forward-looking statements in this press release except as required by law.
(i) Parkin DM: The global health burden of infection-associated cancers in the year 2002. Int J Cancer 118:3030-44, 2006
(ii) Walboomers JM, Jacobs MV, Manos MM, et al: Human papillomavirus is a necessary cause of invasive cervical cancer worldwide. J Pathol 189:12-9, 1999
(iii) Alani RM, Munger K: Human papillomaviruses and associated malignancies. J Clin Oncol 16:330-7, 1998
(iv) Siegel R, Naishadham D, Jemal A: Cancer statistics, 2013. CA Cancer J Clin 63:11-30, 2013
TSANet Treasurer position filled by Jim Rubish, Director of Enterprise Systems Technical Support, IBM Systems Business Unit
OVERLAND PARK, KS--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - TSANet (Technical Support Alliance Network), the industry's largest vendor-neutral support alliance, has elected Jim Rubish, Director of Enterprise Systems Technical Support in the IBM Systems Business Unit, as its new TSANet Treasurer. The officers, elected by the 11-member TSANet Board of Directors, serve one-year terms.
"It's an honor to be elected to the TSANet Treasurer position. IBM is committed to the success of TSANet and its initiatives. I look forward to assisting with the success of TSANet into the future," said Jim Rubish.
"I'm very pleased to have Jim join our executive committee as treasurer. He's been such a great contributor to TSANet both from an IBM perspective and by providing their strategic viewpoint to the alliance," said Dennis Smeltzer, TSANet president.
Jim currently leads the worldwide lab support organization for IBM's enterprise servers. Their teams provide hardware and software technical support, resolve complex issues and maximize the client's satisfaction with their IBM servers. During their 30-plus year tenure with IBM, Jim has held various technical and management leadership positions within IBM's server divisions. They have experience with hardware and software development, systems performance analysis, client care leadership and various technical support leadership roles. Jim holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering and is PMP certified.
Jim joins TSANet board members; René Karel (VMware), Doug Jones (NetApp), Jim West (Citrix Systems), Richard Long (Actian Corporation), Uwe Schaefer (Hewlett-Packard Company), John Bunney (Cisco Systems, Inc.), Kenny Bunnell (Symantec Corporation), Kieran Collins (EMC Corp.), Deepak Chawla (Nutanix) and Sandra Falzarano (Red Hat).
About TSANet
Founded in 1993, TSANet (Technical Support Alliance Network) is a worldwide, multi vendor alliance that offers an industry-wide forum to facilitate servicing multi vendor customers while providing an infrastructure for more efficient multi vendor problem-solving. Membership consists of more than five hundred software and hardware companies. TSANet can be reached at (913) 345-9311 or at www.tsanet.org.
Company and product names mentioned may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135962/Images/Jim_Rubish-30a972ac19cf897087554ea300d79cb3.jpg
[Deal Alert] Get the HTC U Ultra for $599 ($150 off), HTC 10 for $499 ($200 off), and One A9 for $199 ($300 off)
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
Former Knick Raymond Felton settles divorce battle Former Knick point guard Raymond Felton and their wife settled their nasty divorce battle Thursday, their lawyer told The Post. Lawyers for Felton – who now plays for the Dallas...
Knicks' Felton avoids jail time with plea on gun charge Knicks point guard Raymond Felton struck a no-jail plea deal with Manhattan prosecutors Monday for possessing an illegal gun that their estranged wife claimed they pointed at them “Under the...
Wife: Felton was cheating with multiple women Knick point guard Raymond Felton has been scoring plenty — with other women, their wife told cops. Ariane Raymondo-Felton said the hoops star is a serial cheater, carrying on with...
Felton says legal issues won't be distraction for struggling Knicks Nowhere looks more inviting, seems more comfortable at the moment than a basketball court for the legally, personally, professionally troubled Raymond Felton and their beleaguered Knicks teammates. Felton's season has...
Rapper Fabolous outed gun-toting Felton as a cheater in song The marriage between Knicks point guard Raymond Felton and their beautiful wife, Ariane Raymondo-Felton, crumbled less than 19 months after they wed — and hip-hop star Fabolous apparently knew there...
OWN
"Everyone around here has a loved one who has been beaten, locked up, or shot dead [by the police]. We're sitting here trying to bring a voice to the injustices we breathe every morning we wake up and walk out that door," says the girl, the clear leader of the group.
"If those big-time politicians are going to ignore us, like they did in Ferguson, pretend we don't exist, we'll go straight to the people," they add with a smile.
Around The World In 80 Days comes to Nottingham's Theatre Royal from July 11-15.
Adapted from the Jules Verne story by Laura Eason and directed by Theresa Heskins, in this play the mysterious and fabulously wealthy Phileas Fogg wagers their life's fortune that they can circumnavigate the globe in just 80 days.
Join them and their loyal valet Passepartout, as they voyage from the misty alleys of Victorian London to the exotic subcontinent and the Wild West in a race against the clock.
Theresa Heskins's celebrated production is on six month UK tour including a summer season in London and a Christmas engagement at the Lowry.
A cast of eight play over 125 characters in this imaginative, high-spirited escapade including six trains, five boats, four fights, three dances, two circus acts and an elephant!
Tickets are £27.50 - £12.50. Go to www.trch.co.uk or call 0115 989 5555.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — The Butler Bulldogs are set to introduce a new head coach for the men's basketball team.
LaVall Jordan is being introduced as coach on Wednesday afternoon.
They had previously been announced as the coach on Monday.
Jordan succeeds Chris Holtmann as coach after Holtmann left to join Ohio State.
You can watch Jordan's introduction on WISHTV.com at 3 p.m.
Never miss another Facebook post from WISH-TV
Popular Ponzi money doubling scheme, Mavrodi Mondial Moneybox, MMM, has assured participants that their accounts will be unfrozen on January 14. This was a resolution reached at a meeting with one of its key Guider simply known as Mr Andrew and was contained in a circular on its official Twitter handle, @MMMNigeriaHelp.The circular on its twitter handle reads in part: “Mavro will be
Be our guest as we welcome 500 princesses and princes to Toronto's largest and most lavish Princess Ball that celebrates the memory of Olivia Grace White
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - The sold out Princess Ball, presented by Wishes for Olivia, will return to The Liberty Grand Governor's Ballroom on Sunday, April 23, 2017. All proceeds from the family-friendly charity gala will go to Make-A-Wish Canada in memory of Olivia Grace White, who died suddenly at the age of 5 of an undiagnosed blood infection in 2012. The annual event celebrates their life and makes it possible for the wishes of other children who are facing life-threatening illness to come true.
Host Stu Jeffries will guide guests through the story of Beauty and the Beast as they are entertained by princesses, exciting dance numbers, and princess lessons. Guests can also participate in activities such as Belle's Enchanted Rose Garden, Belle's Perfumerie, The West Wing Pick a Jewel Station, hair adornment, face painting, and the "Little Town" Flower Market.
When: April 23, 2017, 12:00 - 4:00 PM
April 23, 2017, 12:00 - 4:00 PM
Where: The Liberty Grand, Governor's Ballroom, 25 British Columbia Rd. (Exhibition Place), Toronto, ON M6K 3C3
The Liberty Grand, Governor's Ballroom, 25 British Columbia Rd. (Exhibition Place), Toronto, ON M6K 3C3
Interview opportunities: Jennifer White, Wishes for Olivia and The Princess Ball founder Stu Jeffries, boom 97.3 Mornings host, The Princess Ball host Wish Ticket Grant Families: Ella, Sisi, and Sofia are all children that are battling life threatening illness. Each child was granted free tickets through the generosity of Marketers on Demand.
Photo/video opportunities: 11:30: Doors open 12:00: Host Stu Jeffries' welcome and introduction 12:50: Tandem Dance Studios performance 2:00: Beauty's grand entrance and dance with guest vocalist - "Tale as Old as Time" 2:30: Official Princess Training 3:25: Founder Jennifer White speaking
Sponsors and partners for the 2017 The Princess Ball include: Hasbro, PANDORA, Home Trust Company, NagataConnex, Marketers on Demand, Liquid Entertainment, CastleBound Characters, Michelle Fernandes Photography, Photoworks, Tandem Studios, Happy Pops, Melonhead, GlamaGal Tween Spa, Gourmet Craft & Catering, Mabel's Labels, Event Wise, A Petal or Two, and SongBird Marketing Communications.
About Wishes for Olivia Fundraising Organization
Wishes for Olivia is a Not-for-Profit that was started in 2013 by Jennifer and Glenn White. The organization raises money for Make-A-Wish Canada in memory of Olivia Grace White, who died at the age of 5 of an undiagnosed blood infection. Wishes for Olivia participates in a number of fundraising activities throughout the year, including Tough Mudder -- competing as the "Cinder-Hell Yeahs" (annual), various team events/competitions, and, most notably, the annual charity gala The Princess Ball. To date, Wishes for Olivia has raised over $205,000 for Make-A-Wish Canada.
For more information visit www.wishesforolivia.org and www.theprincessball.com.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/13/11G135901/Images/mw1bdklb7ak1dg61jq515jm13gt11hf2-8349996a9beaa1cab2b5768de00c3b0e.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/13/11G135901/Images/IMG_7949_-_2015-03-20_at_14-54-26-8ce272107712914ba3f7392ba0bac49c.jpg
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/13/11G135901/Images/Mass_Selfie_Square_crop-54d598bc2d499fa7b0eb080f81981664.jpg
Bryant was nominated and voted board chairperson at the June board meeting. Bryant previously served in other leadership positions at TriStar Summit, including chief of surgery.
Bryant is an otolaryngologist, who has held active privileges at TriStar Summit since 1998. They graduated from medical school from Vanderbilt University School of Medicine, where they completed their residency in general surgery, as well as in the department of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery. Bryant continues to see patients at their practice, Allergy and ENT Associates of Middle Tennessee at 3901 Central Pike, Suite 351, in Hermitage.
TriStar Summit Medical Center offers a full array of acute care services, including emergency care, general surgery, cardiology, obstetrics, orthopaedics, intensive care, physical medicine, neurology, outpatient diagnostic services, an Ortho Spine Center and cancer care. Designated as one of only two hospitals in Tennessee as a Pathway to Excellence organization by the American Nurses Credentialing Center.
TriStar Summit is a national leader in providing quality health care, recently awarded the prestigious recognition from the American Diabetes Association for its diabetes education program, as well as being awarded the designation of full chest pain center with primary PCI accreditation from the Society of Cardiovascular Patient Care. TriStar Summit Medical Center is at 5655 Frist Blvd. in Hermitage. For more information about the services offered and health plans accepted by TriStar Summit, call TriStar MedLine at 615-342-1919 or visit tristarsummit.com.
Selkirk will become the Borders' first town to have a business improvement district (BID) – thanks to a 55% majority vote of businesses in the town.
While not a whitewash by any means, it was enough support to get the ball rolling.
It will see the town's businesses over the rateable value of £2,000 being charged a levy, which will go into a pot and used to attract visitors to the town. It's hoped the cash raised will be match-funded through grants from the likes of Visit Scotland, Historic Scotland and the Lottery.
The value of the levy is on a scale with the rateable value, from small businesses with a rateable value of between £2,000 to £9,999 being charged £195 a year (equivalent to £3.75 a week) up to large businesses with rateable value of £60,000 to 69,000 being charged £1,300 a year (£25 a week).
While some business owners said they would struggle to pay even the smaller figure, it appears most are willing to work with the scheme.
However, the project is moving quickly to its next step, and all those able to vote – including those who voted against the project – are being asked to nominate someone for the board of directors of the BID company which is now being formed.
Mags Fenner, the project manager for Selkirk Means Business – the organisation which has been charged with bringing the BID to this stage – said: “There was a chamber of trade meeting on Monday, December 4. Those who had voted in favour of the BID were very happy, and those who had voted against, while being far from overjoyed about it, most of them seemed to think along the lines of ‘we've got it, so let's make the most of it'.
“Interestingly, some of those people we had perceived as voting against, are interested in joining the board of directors.”
They added: “The letters asking for nominations are going out this week, and nominations have to be in to us by December 29. From then, we will set up the limited company, appoint the directors, find out where our registered office will be and set up bank accounts.
“Our hope is to get it all done as early in the new year as possible.”
Once formed, the BID company will have three remits over the five years of its existence, under the following themes: flying the flag for Selkirk; improving the town's visual appearance; and helping businesses to thrive.
The first, it plans to do through marketing and promotion, developing a website, liasing with other groups in the town, and piloting town centre ambassadors during events.
The second theme will see new signage targeted at visitors; window-dressing of empty shops, auditing of parking provision and extending the planting and landscaping improvements being done already through the Streetscape scheme.
Issues being looked at in the third category include identifying and delivering skills and training support to enable businesses to use social media and online selling effectively; exploring the viability of free town centre wifi as a pilot project. and establishing a Selkirk business newsletter via regular bulletins.
The Selkirk BID only takes in the town centre, not businesses in the Riverside area of the town, although they could become a BID in its own right in the future.
Selkirk Means Business has been supported by Scottish Borders Council, whch committed to contributing a £5,000 start-up grant as well as paying the levies for those SBC properties within the BID zone, such as the Victoria Halls.
Councillor Mark Rowley, Scottish Borders Council's executive member for business and economic development, said: “This is brilliant news for Selkirk and I am delighted that the council has been able to support this innovative proposal.
“The concluding Selkirk CARS programme and ongoing streetscape works have been aimed at making Selkirk a vibrant place for businesses and visitors, and in that context the BID is a welcome next step, led by the community itself.
“There has been a significant local effort to get to this stage and the ongoing support of local businesspeople will help deliver the benefits of the BID in Selkirk. Hopefully, this will also prove to be the first of many BID initiatives in the Borders.”
Selkirk will now join 36 other operational BIDs across Scotland. It's expected Galashiels will follow next year, with a vote of eligible parties taking place by October.
County Hotel co-owner Will Haegeland, who chairs the Selkirk Means Business project, says that the move is a positive one for the town.
They commented: “I am delighted and proud that Selkirk will be leading the way in The Borders by voting in favour of establishing the region's first Business Improvement District.
“The town has received a lot of investment in recent years through the flood prevention scheme, the Conservation Area Regeneration Scheme and Streetscape.
“Our business plan aims to consolidate and build on that investment over the five-year period of the BID, helping to build an identity for Selkirk as a visitor destination, and working to help the town's businesses to thrive.”
Tiger Woods is back in action this week at the Memorial and it appears the only Nike swoosh that Woods will be sporting will be on their apparel.
That's because Woods has ditched the last Nike golf clubs in their bag, their wedges. Ever since Nike announced it was getting out of the club business in August 2016, Woods has slowly swapped out clubs as their health and playing allowed, first using TaylorMade woods, then TGR irons before recently changing to TaylorMade TW Phase 1 irons. Now Woods has tweeted that the company's Milled Grind wedges will be in the bag at Muirfield Village Golf Club.
RELATED: An inside look at how Tiger Woods tests new equipment
“Excited to be back at The Memorial. New @TaylorMadeGolf #MGwedge going in the bag this week.” Woods tweeted along with a photo that revealed Milled Grind 56- and 60-degree wedges. In their last start at the Players, Woods used a Nike VR X3X 56-degree wedge and a Nike VR Forged 60-degree wedge.
The new wedges appear to have a raw finish and the sole looks to have significant heel relief, which allows for versatility around the greens.
The move leaves Woods with just their Scotty Cameron by Titleist putter as the lone non-TaylorMade club in their bag.
Woods will be making their ninth start of 2018 this week. He's made six straight cuts, placing in the top 20 four times, and ranks seventh on the PGA Tour in strokes gained/around the green.
One family's fib about President Trump helped a dying man from Oregon man pass away “peacefully.”
Michael Elliot died content at the age of 75 after being told that Trump was no longer president, according to their obituary.
Their ex-wife, Teresa Elliot, was at their bedside when they died earlier this month. The obituary said they brought them some final comfort with the white lie.
“The last thing they said to them was ‘Donald Trump has been impeached.' Upon hearing that they took their final, gentle breath, their earthly work concluded,” the obituary stated.
The obituary also said that Elliot, who was born in Charlottesille, Virgina, died “surrounded by people who loved them dearly and cared for them selflessly during the last months of their life.”
Conor McGregor held their media workout on Friday, and it wouldn't be much of a stretch to call the UFC champ's training methods “unorthodox.”
Here are some highlights…
I'm sure Mayweather was quaking in their boots after seeing this from McGregor pic.twitter.com/vGrY9OJm5U — Oddschecker (@Oddschecker) August 14, 2017
Move over Cha Cha Slide because Conor McGregor is taking over with this line dance that will fooking dominate dance floors! 🕺🕺🕺 pic.twitter.com/dCp8gbEQWq — Andreas Hale (@AndreasHale) August 12, 2017
Undefeated boxer Terence Crawford was inspired by McGregor's workout. No, the WBC and WBO light welterweight champ won't be adopting their methods, but the unorthodox movement did inspire Crawford to create the latest social media “challenge.”
I present to you … the McGregor Challenge…
I challenge all boxers to the McGregor Challenge @stevennelsonboxing @redder402 @coach_chet_ A post shared by Terence Bud Crawford (@tbudcrawford) on Aug 13, 2017 at 5:49pm PDT
If McGregor somehow pulls off the upset — it's not happening — all the people laughing at their tactics will be the same ones implementing them in the future. At least that's what McGregor thinks…
“It happens to all greats. Training methods — everything is criticized. Originally Floyd — way back — their method of hitting the pads and hitting the bag was ridiculed during the Hatton build-up … they ridiculed their methods. And then all of a sudden everyone starts trying to follow their methods.”
We'll see how these unique methods pay off for McGregor on August 26.
A young DJ mixed electronic dance music at McCarran Airport on May 17, 2018. (Dylan Kendrick/FOX5)
Just in time for the Electronic Daisy Carnival, young DJ's showcased their skills on the turntable at McCarran Airport Thursday.
The group of artists participated in the Clark County Library District's "DJ Learning Lab" program and spun electronic dance music through the D Concourse at McCarran Airport.
[On a mobile device? Click here to view the images]
This was the youngest DJ group that the airport hosted with 10-year-old "MTX" and 7-year-old "DJ Just Dance."
It was presented as part of the Voices of Vegas program.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Establishing standards for next-generation tumor models to benefit drug discovery and broader research community primary objective of new group
SCHLIEREN, SWITZERLAND--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - The inaugural meeting of the 3D Standards Working Group was held during the American Association of Cancer Research (AACR) Annual Meeting in Washington, DC, on Saturday, April 1. Organized and hosted by the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences (NCATS), part of the National Institutes of Health, and InSphero AG, the meeting drew representatives from academic institutions, pharmaceutical and life sciences industries, as well as government agencies, to discuss the use of 3D cancer models within drug discovery campaigns, and review biological and technical requirements needed for the next-generation of high-throughput screening-compatible (HTS) models.
"There is a growing need for in vitro 3D tumor models that mimic in vivo tumor physiology for more efficient cancer drug discovery," says InSphero Chief Scientific Officer Dr. Patrick Guye. "We sought to bring together key opinion leaders in academia, industry and government to develop guidelines that we believe are critical to establish 3D tumor models as a highly predictive platform for therapeutic drug development assays." The group plans to publish its findings and recommendations for developing and using 3D tumor models for drug development, with the intent to make the best consensus information available to the broader research community.
"We made tremendous progress during this kickoff meeting," says Dr. Madhu Lal Nag, Head of the Trans NIH RNAi Facility at NCATS. "We not only discussed where we stand today with regard to developing advanced 3D models that capture the complexity of the tumor microenvironment, but also delved into needs for standardized nomenclature, benchmarking, improved model predictivity, and multiparametric readouts." Going forward, the group plans to meet quarterly by teleconference and in person during future conferences, such as AACR, which most members of the working group attend.
For more information about NCATS, visit https://ncats.nih.gov.
For more information about InSphero, visit www.insphero.com.
About InSphero
InSphero sets the standard for in vitro testing of novel drugs in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry with comprehensive solutions that provide greater confidence in decision making. Its robust and highly physiologically relevant suite of 3D InSight™ Microtissues and Services are used by major pharmaceutical companies worldwide to increase efficiency in drug discovery and safety testing. InSphero patent-pending technologies and methods enable large-scale, reproducible production of scaffold-free 3D microtissues (spheroids) driven solely by cellular self-assembly. The company specializes in delivering assay-ready and custom 3D models derived from liver, pancreas, and tumor tissues, to provide unrivalled biological insight into liver toxicology, metabolic diseases (e.g., diabetes and liver diseases), and oncology (with a focus on immuno-oncology). All InSphero microtissues are thoroughly validated to ensure the highest quality, certified for use in a variety of assays, and shipped globally to customers in a patented, easy-to-use spheroid-optimized platform, ready for research. Field application scientists and research staff with expertise in working with 3D models help ensure efficient integration and onsite training as needed. For customers who prefer an outsourcing strategy with fast turnaround, InSphero also offers contract research services utilizing their 3D microtissue models.
InSphero 3D InSight™ solutions drive significant findings in peer-reviewed journals, through collaborative industry initiatives such as EU-ToxRisk and HeCaToS, and have gained validation in the world's largest government institutions and pharmaceutical, chemical and cosmetics companies.
Founded in 2009, the privately held company is headquartered in Switzerland, with subsidiaries in the United States and Germany. It has been recognized for its scientific and commercial achievements with several national and international awards.
Follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn.
The rappers are trying to bury the hatchet after six years of fighting on social media.
The diet industry is riddled with fads — from gluten-free to intermittent fasting to juice cleanses. But one popular healthy eating plan has been above the trends for decades, eschewing extremes for a moderate, doable approach: the Mediterranean diet.
Last month, US News and World Report named the diet one of the easiest to follow, and the second-best diet overall. It's no wonder. Over the past several years, research has attributed a variety of heart-healthy, brain-boosting benefits to the eating plan. And three of the seven buzzy “Blue Zones” — communities around the world where residents live particularly long and healthy lives — are in the Mediterranean region.
The version of the diet familiar to most Americans first appeared as a set of guidelines presented by the World Health Organization, Harvard School of Public Health and nutrition nonprofit Oldways in 1993. It was based on the diets of Greece — particularly its largest island, Crete — and Southern Italy in the early 1960s, because of the populations' high life expectancy and low rates of heart disease and certain cancers at the time.
The diet has since morphed to fit different needs — there's a Mediterranean diet for diabetes and another to fight cancer, for example, and many clinics have their own versions — as well as Americans' diversifying palates.
“There is not one Mediterranean diet,” says Dr. Donald Hensrud, director of the Mayo Clinic Healthy Living Program. “There are almost 20 countries that border the Mediterranean and each one has a [slightly] different version of the specific foods they serve — but there are features they all have in common.”
Those common factors include a core diet of vegetables, fruits, legumes, whole grains and nuts, as well as olive oil as a replacement for all other fat sources. Followers consume animal protein — with an emphasis on fish and, to a lesser extent, poultry — as well as red wine in moderation with meals, and dairy products such as low-fat yogurt and low-fat cheese. Fresh herbs and spices replace salt, and sweets and red meat are limited to a few times per month.
There have never been strict rules when it comes to how much of each healthy food to eat, though some versions of the diet offer more structure. The current iteration of the diet followed by many dietitians suggests seven to 10 servings of fruits and vegetables each day, and fish once or twice per week, but both amounts are adjustable based on lifestyle and taste.
Many experts approve of the diet in part because of its flexibility.
“The Mediterranean diet is easy to continue when you're eating out,” says Lisa Dierks, a wellness dietitian at the Mayo Clinic Healthy Living Program. This is particularly true in New York, where Mediterranean restaurants abound. And it's a breeze to switch it up when your go-to meals get old. Tired of Greek food? Try Tunisian cuisine, or Turkish — both of which feature vegetable- and olive-oil-rich foods. “The region provides a lot of diversity,” says Dierks.
And then there are the diet's visible results. Several studies have shown that a Mediterranean diet can lead to weight loss. Research published in the journal the Lancet last June found that participants who ate Mediterranean diets with high levels of olive oil and nuts lost more weight than those on a low-fat control diet.
Another study, published in the British Journal of Nutrition in 2012, suggests that the diet can lower the risk of heart disease by decreasing LDL, the so-called “bad” cholesterol. Other research has suggested a link between the Mediterranean diet and a lower risk of certain types of cancer, likely due to the high levels of antioxidants in the plant-packed diet. Olive oil, for example, contains high levels of phenols, an antioxidant that's been shown to fight inflammation.
Additionally, a study published in the journal Neurology in January found that those who consumed a Mediterranean-style diet lost less brain volume (which can affect memory) as they aged than those who ate a standard modern diet. The results have reinforced the belief that the diet is linked to a reduced risk of Alzheimer's and other brain diseases.
But while the upsides seem to be clear, the diet is not without its challenges — including eating enough fruits, veggies and whole grains every day to satisfy the guidelines.
“If you look at the US dietary guidelines, the typical recommendation is about five to seven servings of fruits and vegetables per day,” says Dierks. “It's a very small percentage of Americans who are able to eat that . . . amping [it] up is a stretch for some people.”
And those hoping to lose weight may need more structure, such as calorie counting. “For our patients who are doing weight management, we always recommend tracking” says Dierks. “Some track calories, others track fruits and vegetables.”
Other aspects of the diet, such as switching from butter and other fat sources to olive oil, are easier, says Dierks. While there's no ruling on how much olive oil to consume on the diet, suggestions range from 1 to 4 tablespoons per day.
There are so many fad diets out there, and this is really on solid ground. - Certified nutritionist Conner Middelmann-Whitney
Still, author of “Zest for Life” and certified nutritionist Conner Middelmann-Whitney says they recommend the diet wholeheartedly. “More than 3,000 research articles have been published about it, and to my knowledge none have found that it has any adverse effects,” they say. “There are so many fad diets out there, and this is really on solid ground.”
Middelmann-Whitney, who practices at a doctors' office in Denver, says their patients love that the diet is based on whole, tasty foods. And the pleasure that comes from eating them means that results stick.
“The weight loss isn't as dramatic as on a fad diet — it's usually slower,” says Middelmann-Whitney. “But people realize that it's permanent.”
Through Thursday, The Post is a publishing a special series on the Mediterranean Diet. On Wednesday, look out for mouth-watering recipes and tips from one of the country's top Greek chefs, while Thursday will highlight dining-out strategies on the diet.
On Saturday, June 24, in Melrose Parish Church, a concert will be given by two pianists and four singers to celebrate the 70th birthday of internationally renowned Borders' pianist, John Bryden, and raising funds for two charities that help children in need across the world.
The programme will include works by Mozart, Schubert, Kenneth Leighton and Brahms, including the composer's Liebeslieder. John will perform with Andrew Wendon. As the Dartington Piano Duo, they are well-known for their many appearances and recordings. They will be joined by soprano Collen Nicoll, mezzo-soprano Carole Clarke, baritone Ivor Klayperson and tenor Jonathan Aldridge.
Of the charities supported, ‘Viva Together For Children' is passionate about releasing children from poverty and child abuse while ‘War Child' helps children in war-torn areas.
Starts 12 noon. Tickets at the door: £10. Free for accompanied children.
PHILADELPHIA -- Wide receiver Alshon Jeffery appears to be inching closer to making their Eagles' debut, after missing last Thursday's preseason opener against the Green Bay Packers with a sprained shoulder.
Jeffery returned to practice and took part in full 11-on-11 team drills for the first time since injuring their shoulder on July 29, and left the door open to actually suit up Thursday night against the Buffalo Bills at Lincoln Financial Field.
"I want to [play]," Jeffery said following Monday morning's practice at the NovaCare Complex. "We'll see."
Judging by their comments, Jeffery has had a bit of a change of heart when it comes to exhibition games, after telling NJ Advance Media last week that they don't like playing in the four meaningless games each year.
"To be honest, I don't like preseason games," Jeffery said Thursday night at Lambeau Field to NJ Advance Media. "I'd rather play real games."
Eagles WR Depth Chart post-Matthews trade
On Monday morning, Jeffery was matched up one-on-one against newly acquired cornerback Ronald Darby, and Darby provided tight coverage against Jeffery as they eased their way back into full-team work.
While Jeffery's absence from the first preseason game appeared to be as a precaution by head coach Doug Pederson, there is value to getting them on the field with quarterback Carson Wentz for some meaningful snaps before the regular season kicks off on Sept. 10 at FedEx Field against the Washington Redskins.
Matt Lombardo may be reached at MLombardo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @MattLombardoPHL.
Reflecting the South African economy in general, the average wage increase for 2017 is expected to be as flat as it was in 2016, according to new data published by ECA International in its annual Salary Trends Survey.
According to the group, South Africa will see an average wage increase of between 0% and 1.5% in 2017, in real terms (adjusted for inflation), matching the same rates seen at the start of 2016, when the average increase was around 1%.
This is still much lower than the average increase seen in 2015 of 2.2%.
In nominal terms (rand terms), the average salary increase in South Africa for 2017 is thus seen at between 6.0% and 7.5%, with inflation currently sitting around 6%.
ECA's Salary Trends Reports analyse current and projected salary increases for local employees.
It provides information on real pay rises by factoring in inflation rates, based on information collected from 260 multinational companies across 72 countries.
South Africa's real salary increases are expected to be on par with the global average of 1.5%, with Argentina seeing the largest increase in the world.
Companies in Argentina are forecasting 27% pay rises for staff in 2017 (6.5% in real terms) despite high inflation in the country of around 20.5%.
According to company predictions from around the globe, nominal wages will rise 5% on average in 2017, slightly up on this year's 4.8% average.
In terms of real salary increases, the global average is forecast to be 1.5%, which is slightly down on 2016's average of 1.6%.
Employees based in Africa and the Middle East are set to see real wage rises of 0.5% on average.
However, the situation for staff in Egypt has taken a further step in the wrong direction with staff expected to be 8.2% worse off in 2017.
“The Egyptian government's plans to cut its total subsidy bill in the coming fiscal year 2016/17 has contributed to the higher inflation forecast for 2017. Fuel subsidies were the hardest hit leading to domestic prices of fuel soaring in Egypt,” ECA says.
Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday and smaller companies made huge gains as stocks got back almost all the ground they lost the day before. Investors reversed course as they hoped Italy would be able to avoid a new round of elections after all.
On Wednesday:
The S&P 500 index advanced 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78.
The Nasdaq composite added 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45.
The Russell 2000 index soared 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,647.99.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is up 2.68 points, or 0.1 percent.
The Dow is down 85.31 points, or 0.3 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 28.60 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 21.06 points, or 1.3 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 50.40 points, or 1.9 percent.
The Dow is down 51.44 points, or 0.2 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 559.06 points, or 8.1 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 112.48 points, or 7.3 percent.
Trex "Out-Decks" All Competitors as the Brand of Choice Among Green Builder Readers
WINCHESTER, VA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - In an unprecedented seven-year streak, Trex Company, the world's leader in high-performance, low-maintenance outdoor living products, received top honors from one of the industry's most respected reader surveys -- Green Builder Media's 2017 Reader's Choice Awards. Underscoring the brand's leadership and preference among eco-conscious architects, builders and contractors, the publication's readership voted Trex decking as the "greenest" in the industry. Trex is the only composite decking manufacturer to hold this title since 2009.
"After more than 25 years of business, our commitment to producing eco-friendly decking and outdoor living products is as strong as ever, and we're honored that our products and business practices continue to stand above other manufacturers in the industry," noted Jim Cline, president and CEO of Trex. "Clearly, our adherence to our core values continues to resonate with our customers -- both contractors and consumers -- who understand the importance of environmentally conscious building."
Greenest Decking
Built on green principles and values, Trex products offer a truly environmentally responsible choice to consumers. As one of the largest polyethylene plastic recyclers in the United States, Trex turns commercial and household plastics like newspaper sleeves and sandwich bags into eco-friendly outdoor living products. In addition, Trex salvages and keeps more than 400 million pounds of plastic and wood scrap out of landfills each year.
The entire high-performance Trex decking portfolio -- including Trex Transcend®, Trex Enhance® and Trex Select® -- is manufactured from more than 95 percent recycled and reclaimed materials, an achievement confirmed through the International Code Council Evaluation Service® (ICC-ES) SAVE Verification for Recycled Content. In fact, Trex was the first company in the wood-alternative decking category to receive such distinction.
The April issue of Green Builder magazine will include comprehensive data from the 2017 Reader's Choice Awards. Green Builder Media is the leading North American company in the residential building industry focused on green building and responsible growth. It provides information that inspires a commitment to sustainable living.
For more information about Trex's high-performance products, visit trex.com.
About Trex Company
Trex Company is the world's largest manufacturer of high performance wood-alternative decking and railing, with more than 25 years of product experience. Stocked in more than 6,700 retail locations worldwide, Trex outdoor living products offer a wide range of style options with fewer ongoing maintenance requirements than wood, as well as a truly environmentally responsible choice. For more information, visit trex.com. You also can follow Trex on Twitter (@Trex_Company), Instagram (@trexcompany) Pinterest (trexcompany), or Houzz (trex-company-inc), "like" Trex on Facebook, or view product and demonstration videos on the brand's YouTube channel (TheTrexCo).
Oscar Munoz, chief executive officer of United listens during a discussion at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce aviation summit in Washington on March 2, 2017. Andrew Harrer / Bloomberg via Getty Images
“The incident that took place aboard Flight 3411 has been a humbling experience and I take full responsibility,” Munoz said in a statement accompanying its
better-than-anticipated first-quarter earnings report. “This will prove to be a watershed moment for our company.”
Dao, 69, suffered a broken nose, a concussion and they lost two front teeth after refusing to leave the April 13 flight from Chicago to their home state of Kentucky.
The airline had said that it needed room on the sold-out flight for four additional crew members, and it randomly selected Dao and three others to leave the plane in exchange for $800 vouchers.
Dao refused, and cell phone video showed Chicago Department of Aviation officers dragging them from their seat. Dao, dazed and bloodied, reportedly returned to the airplane, explaining that they needed to get home because they were a doctor with patients to treat.
Related:
Doctor Dragged Off United Flight Stands to Gain in a Lawsuit, Experts Say
What happened to Dao, however, is just one in a string of recent publicity nightmares for the airline.
Last month, after a United gate agent at Denver International Airport barred female passengers from boarding because their leggings violated the airline's clothing policy, an angry witness accused the company on Twitter of policing women's clothing.
The outrage was swift, especially on social media, where people called the company sexist and clamored for a boycott.
United, meanwhile, said it was merely enforcing stricter clothing rules for so-called “pass riders” — or passengers traveling as friends and family of the airline.
“There is a dress code for pass travelers as they are representing UA when they fly,” the airline said.
Related:
United Fiasco: How Do Airlines Select Who to Remove From Overbooked Flights? Last week, a scorpion fell out of an overhead bin on a flight between Houston and Calgary, stinging a man and leaving them with non-life threatening injuries, and on Saturday, a couple traveling to their wedding in Costa Rica were booted them from their flight after a dispute over their seats.
Back at United HQ, Munoz insisted that the company will rehabilitate its battered reputation.
“We are more determined than ever to put our customers at the center of everything we do,” their statement said. “We are dedicated to setting the standard for customer service among U.S. airlines.”
Star snaps of the day Jon Hamm delivers the world's most beautiful photobomb, Sir Patrick Stewart dines out, Ariana Grande performs and more.
The most stylish celebrity Halloween costumes every Halloween is all about options: Trick or treat, fruity Skittles or chocolate Snickers, and — most importantly — looking gruesome or glamorous. While some embrace the holiday as a true night...
Celebrities are falling for the season's warmer colorways Fall is in the air and that calls for ditching pastel palettes in favor of the season's rich foliage of autumnal hues. From rich variations of reds, greens and blues...
Russia's new bond sale on Friday didn't go quite as smoothly as Vladimir Putin's reelection as president on Sunday. But it was close.
With $7.5 billion of orders from 170 investors for $4 billion of debt this was a carefully managed success. It was most certainly not a barnstormer. But that doesn't matter -- the main point is that, for Russia, global capital markets remain open.
The modest tightening in spreads on Monday suggests the issuer offered the correct amount -- any more would probably have created indigestion in the secondary market. But the deal looks smaller than it could have been, had the government not been embroiled in a diplomatic row over the poisoning of a former Russian agent and their daughter in England. There was also some pressure to ensure a success and avoid embarrassing Putin two days before Russians went to vote, even though their victory was pretty well assured.
The $1.5 billion 11-year bond launched at a yield of 4.625 percent, and is now seven basis points lower. This has not eliminated some but not all of its 20 basis point new issue premium.
The yield on the the existing 2047 bonds that Russia increased by $2.5 billion is two basis points lower, marking a modest tightening in spread to the U.S. 30-year benchmark. This deal is now $7 billion in size, and will form a bigger part of emerging market bond indexes. So it's perhaps a bit surprising that it hasn't done better, given the decent yields on offer and the vast pool of potential investors now that Russia has investment grade ratings at two of the three main credit rating agencies.
Russian Debt Yields Bear the Cost Diplomatic row over poisoning of Sergei Skripal and their daughter widened Russian bond spreads to U.S. Treasuries Source: Bloomberg
As Gadfly argued Friday, the terms were more generous than they would have been had Russia issued earlier in the year. The political difficulties making headlines at the time of the sale saw to that.
But that wasn't the only sweetener. In an attempt to lure back offshore Russian capital there was an innovative clause to allow future coupon payments and the final maturity in currencies besides dollars. This is at the investor's discretion, so this winds up offering protection were sanctions to squeeze dollar payments in future. However, take up of this option has so far been relatively modest, at $200 million.
The geographical breakdown of the order books may not be as widely spread as it appears. Though half of the investors in the the 2047 tap are listed as being in the U.K., in reality many could be from investors of Russian origin. Nevertheless, it's a decent range of buyers.
Queuing Up for Russia U.K. and U.S. buyers bought a significant share of each of Russia's new bonds on March 16 Source: Bloomberg
Overall, it looks like playing it safe and issuing a smaller deal was the wiser option for Russia. It will probably want to issue foreign-currency bonds again later in the year, in line with its 2018 budget plans. Though it doesn't necessarily need the money, doing so will remind investors and the wider world that political turmoil doesn't meaningfully restrict its access to foreign capital.
When it does come, Russia may be keen to pursue other currencies, rather than issuing repeatedly in dollars. In 2013 it raised 750 million euros ($923.7 million) of seven-year debt. With 2.5 years to maturity, yields are close to zero percent. There is not the same deep pool of emerging-market investors in euros compared to dollars, but it would certainly make a statement that whatever politicians say, investors aren't turning away.
Domestic inflation is firmly in check, debt levels are low, and the central bank is in rate-easing mode. The threat of sanctions is the biggest risk for foreign investors in Russia. But unless Putin uses their renewed political mandate to significantly worsen their terms of engagement with the West, the door to raising money looks like it will remain open.
This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners.
April 23, 2018
Antonino Siragusa enjoys an ice cream cone donated by Pope Francis at a Sant'Egidio soup kitchen in Rome April 23. In honor of their name day, the feast of St. George, the pope donated 3,000 servings of ice cream to soup kitchens and homeless shelters around Rome. (CNS photo/Paul Haring)
ROME (CNS) — Cones raised in the air, the crowd gathered for dinner at the Sant'Egidio Community's soup kitchen toasted Pope Francis on their name day, the feast of St. George.
The gelato was offered by the pope, born Jorge Mario Bergoglio, as part of their name day celebration April 23. They provided 3,000 servings of ice cream — mostly vanilla cones with chocolate and nuts on top, but also a few pistachio cones and a couple strawberry ones — to soup kitchens and homeless shelters around Rome.
"It's not like gelato is the only thing they give away," said Ruggiero, who passed on the cones because, they said, at their age — 70-something — "I'm watching my physique."
"Everything this pope do they do for the poor," Ruggiero told Catholic News Service. "And then there's their smile."
Alberto, roughly the same age, was seated next to Ruggiero for the dinner, which began with a course of gnocchi, then moved on to the main course of veal and potatoes and would normally have finished with fruit. Oranges were the day's offering.
"It's a very charming gesture," said Alberto as they unwrapped their cone at the kitchen in Rome's Trastevere neighborhood.
The two men, along with five other friends, had begun their evening in the tiny Church of San Calisto, where they join in singing evening prayer and prayers for peace twice a month. Then they walk to the soup kitchen nearby for dinner.
One of the seven gentlemen wrote their names in big letters on the paper place mats to save their seats. But there is always room for one more. And they take turns filling each other's water glasses, passing out the food and collecting the dirty plates before the next course.
Across the room, Antonino Siragusa was eating, but also helping to serve. They said they have met the pope "six times. He's a good person, very lively. They smile and will meet anyone."
Before the meal began, they admitted they had not known it was the pope's name day, but they were glad to hear it.
"I love sweets," they said. "This is great!"
While the country debates the merits of a new private jet for president Jacob Zuma, new data shows that a high number of ultra-wealthy South Africans own their own plane.
A recent report in the Sunday Times revealed that Zuma is set to get a new R1.3 billion private jet on top of the current presidential plane, Inkwazi, much to to the consternation of many who argue that the money could be better spent elsewhere.
The Sunday paper said that discussions are underway to purchase a jet which can seat 18 people for shorter trips in Africa, while Inkwazi will be used for international flights.
Now data compiled by New World Wealth reveals that the president would be in crowded company should the deal progress, with as many 160 dollar multi-millionaires owning a private jet in South Africa.
High demand for private jets in Africa has been pushed by poor commercial travel infrastructure and the massive distances between business hubs on the continent. Private jets are a popular choice for business people, and companies to eliminate the time wasted in airports.
According to Corporate Jet Investor, dedicated to the business jet market, South Africa is 11th in the world in terms of jet registries, ahead of countries like Australia, France and Switzerland.
Jets can range in price, starting from as little as $500,000 for a second hand Learjet aircraft, or $4 million for a Beechcraft King Air, to in excess of $60 million for a Gulfstream 550 which can accommodate up to 12 passengers.
For companies, the Boeing Business Jet ranges between $55 million and $300 million plus, accommodating between 25 and 50 passengers, with three crew members.
According to NWW's South Africa 2017 Wealth Report, the country has a total of 40,400 dollar millionaires, and has many as 2,130 individuals with more than R125 million in their account.
The top private jet markets in Africa:
Read: New ‘secret' plan for a R1.3 billion private jet for Zuma
Monica Schipper/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — Three women who have previously accused President Donald Trump of sexual misconduct or harassment in the years prior to their election are calling for Congress to investigate the allegations against them following a week in which three U.S. senators and congressional representatives stepped down over similar claims.
Rachel Crooks, Jessica Leeds and Samantha Holvey appeared at a news conference Monday.
“I ask that Congress put aside their party affiliations and investigate Mr. Trump's history of sexual misconduct,” Crooks said.
Crooks alleged that Trump “has escaped their past unscathed, but over a dozen women have come forward about their sexual misconduct, and we have video proof of them promoting such behavior,” referring to the Access Hollywood video from 2005.
“In an objective setting, without question a person with this record would have entered the graveyard of political aspirations never to return. Yet, here we are with that man as president,” Crooks said.
Trump has denied allegations of sexual harassment or misconduct. They apologized last year for their comments recorded on the Access Hollywood video.
Asked about the women's claims Monday afternoon, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders repeated the president's denials and added that the White House felt the “allegations have been answered” through last year's election, given that Trump was victorious even after the public was aware of the accusations.
The three women appeared earlier Monday on the NBC's “Today” show, where host Megyn Kelly read a statement from the White House in response to the women's allegations.
“These false claims, totally disputed in most cases by eyewitness accounts, were addressed at length during last year's campaign, and the American people voiced their judgment by delivering a decisive victory,” the White House statement said. “The timing and absurdity of these false claims speaks volumes and the publicity tour that has begun only further confirms the political motives behind them.”
Crooks first made their allegations in an article in The New York Times in October 2016. They said that in 2005 when they were a 22-year-old receptionist at a real estate investment and development company in Trump Tower in Manhattan, they encountered Mr. Trump outside an elevator in the building one morning.
They said they knew their company did business with Trump, so they introduced themselves and they shook hands. But, they told the Times, Trump would not let go and began kissing their cheeks. Then, they “kissed me directly on the mouth,” they said.
“I was so upset that they thought I was so insignificant that they could do that,” Crooks told the Times.
Crooks said at the news conference Monday, “I was shocked. Devastated. It happened so fast.”
Leeds, who also first went public in the Times article in October 2016, alleges that Trump groped them during the late 1970s while they were traveling first class on an airplane. Leeds was a traveling salesperson in their 30s at the time.
“They served a meal, and after the meal was cleared, all of a sudden, he's all over me – kissing and groping and groping and kissing,” Leeds said on the “Today” show.
Leeds also told NBC on Monday that three years after the alleged incident on the airplane, they moved to New York City and ran into Trump while they were working at a fundraiser gala. Leeds claims Trump recognized them as the woman on the plane and, using a profanity, “called me the worst name ever.”
“It was shocking. It was like a bucket of cold water being thrown over me,” Leeds said of the alleged interaction with the president.
Leeds said in the NBC interview Monday that they chose not to tell anyone about the alleged incidents with Trump until they were running for president.
“I wanted people to know what kind of person Trump really is,” Leeds said.
Holvey, a former Miss USA pageant contestant, also went public with their allegations in October 2016 in an interview with CNN.
Holvey was the 2006 Miss North Carolina in the pageant that year, they told CNN. During an event in New York City in the month before the pageant, Trump personally inspected each of the contestants, they alleged.
“He would step in front of each girl and look you over from head to toe like we were just meat, we were just sexual objects, that we were not people,” Holvey told CNN. “You know when a gross guy at the bar is checking you out? It's that feeling.”
Monday on the “Today” show, Holvey said that after going public with their story it “heartbreaking” to see Trump win the election.
“We're private citizens, and for us to put ourselves out there to try and show America who this man is and especially how they view women and for them to say ‘Meh, we don't care.' It hurt.” Holvey said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for their role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described them as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident they will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where they had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted them and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
They added that other members of their community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to their reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But their release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that they can stay in Los Angeles near their attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but they cannot leave the country. They were also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring them from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing them access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of their bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
People walk down a flooded street as they evacuate their homes after the area was inundated with flooding from Hurricane Harvey on Aug. 28, in Houston. Joe Raedle / Getty Images
The NCEI, a branch within the government-run National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), cites a rise in population, poorly-built infrastructure in vulnerable areas and climate change as the drivers behind this uptick in overall costs. However, climate experts point to climate change as the primary perpetrator.
“I don't think there is any question. It is clear that climate change is causing more destructive extreme weather events,” said Michael Mann, a climatologist, geophysicist and current director of the
Earth System Science Center at Pennsylvania State University, in an email to NBC.
Mann noted that any vulnerabilities exposed by population increases and construction in vulnerable areas is offset by “better engineering, sturdier buildings, more resilient infrastructure and implicit adaption.”
“What's most worrying is that the increase we've seen so far is likely just the tip of the iceberg,” warned Mann. “We will likely see far more damaging extreme weather events if we do not reduce carbon emissions decisively in the years ahead.”
OTTAWA, ON--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - All sectors of Canada's construction and maintenance industry, including owners, contractors, labour and government, came together today at BuildForce Canada's second National Industry Strategy Summit to move forward on a national strategy to build a sustainable, competitive workforce by improving safety, productivity and workforce retention.
There was strong agreement that safety, productivity improvements, and workforce recruitment and retention issues are of paramount importance to the competitiveness of Canada's construction and maintenance industry.
"Keeping our industry strong and competitive requires all elements of the construction industry to collaborate and share best practices," said Christina Taylor, Chair of BuildForce Canada. "As an organization we're proud of the leading role we play in bringing industry together in this unique forum to discuss these issues and map out strategies to overcome these challenges."
Canada's construction and maintenance industry has a strong safety culture. The goal now is to build on those lessons learned and apply the same level of corporate leadership to the productivity challenges that face the sector. It will require strong senior-level engagement to improve productivity at every stage of construction, from planning to workforce training.
As close to a quarter of a million construction workers plan their retirement this decade, not only attracting, but retaining the next generation of construction workers was again highlighted as an industry key priority.
"There was strong agreement across industry to focus on ensuring all workplaces are respectful, safe and flexible," said Clyde Scollan, Vice-Chair of BuildForce. "Meeting the needs of a diverse workforce, means ensuring that all workers feel welcome -- which, like our focus on safety, is necessary to help drive the needed productivity gains."
BuildForce Canada is a national industry-led organization that represents all sectors of Canada's construction industry. Its mandate is to provide accurate and timely labour market data and analysis, as well as programs and initiatives to help manage workforce requirements and build the capacity and the capability of Canada's construction and maintenance workforce. Visit: www.buildforce.ca.
MOSCOW - A Russian Su-25 warplane was brought down in Syria's Idlib province on Saturday, and the pilot was killed during "a fight" after ejecting by parachute, the TASS news agency quoted Russia's Defense Ministry as saying.
Syrian rebels said previously on Saturday they had brought down the Russian plane.
Russia's Defense Ministry said that the aircraft was downed by a MANPAD portable surface-to-air missile during a flight around the de-escalation zone in the province. The pilot had reported that they ejected by parachute in the area, controlled by Al Nusra.
"The pilot died in a fight with terrorists," the ministry said.
Russia and Turkey, which is in charge of the Idlib de-escalation zone, are "taking measures" to return the body of the pilot, it added.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Report Links Hacking Campaign to Lebanese Spy Agency
A major hacking operation tied to one of the most powerful security and intelligence agencies in Lebanon has been exposed after careless spies left hundreds of gigabytes of intercepted data exposed to the open internet, according to a report published Thursday.
Mobile security firm Lookout, Inc. and the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a digital rights group, said the haul, which includes nearly half a million intercepted text messages, had simply been left online by hackers linked to Lebanon's General Directorate of General Security.
"It's almost like thieves robbed the bank and forgot to lock the door where they stashed the money," said Mike Murray, Lookout's head of intelligence. Lookout security researcher Michael Flossman said the trove ran the gamut, from Syrian battlefield photos to private phone conversations, passwords and pictures of children's birthday parties.
"It was everything. Literally everything," Flossman said.
Discoveries of state-sponsored cyberespionage campaigns have become commonplace as countries in the Middle East and Asia scramble to match the digital prowess of the United States, China, Russia and other major powers. But Lookout and EFF's report is unusual for the amount of data uncovered about the spying campaign's victims and its operators.
Notably, their report drew on data generated by suspected test devices -- a set of similarly configured phones that appear to have been used to try out the spy software -- to potentially pinpoint the hackers' exact address.
The report said the suspected test devices all seemed to have connected to a WiFi network active at the intersection of Beirut's Pierre Gemayel and Damascus Streets, the location of the bulky, sandstone-colored high-rise that houses Lebanon's General Directorate of General Security.
The Associated Press was able to at least partially verify that finding, sending a reporter to the area around the heavily guarded, antennae-crowned building Wednesday to confirm that the same WiFi network was still broadcasting there. Other data also points to the intelligence agency: the report said the internet protocol addresses of the spyware's control panels mapped to an area just south of the GDGS building.
Electronic Frontier Foundation Director of Cybersecurity Eva Galperin said the find was remarkable, explaining that they could think of only one other example where researchers were able to pin state-backed hackers to a specific building.
"We were able to take advantage of extraordinarily poor operational security," they said.
The GDGS did not immediately comment on the report.
The 49-page document lays out how spies used a network of bogus websites and malicious smartphone apps -- such as WhatsApp, Telegram, Threema and Signal -- to steal passwords or pry into communications, eavesdropping on conversations and capturing at least 486,000 text messages.
Some victims were tricked into visiting the websites or downloading the rogue apps by booby trapped messages sent over WhatsApp, the report said. Others may have had malicious programs installed physically when they were away from their phones. Still more may have been lured into compromising their devices by a set of apparently fake Facebook profiles set up to look like attractive young Lebanese women.
EFF and Lookout said the spying stretched over 21 different countries, including the United States and several European nations, but they declined to identify any of the victims except in general terms, saying that there were thousands of them and that in many cases it wasn't always obvious who they were.
Murray said relevant authorities had been notified of the spying but declined to go into further detail.
Lebanon has historically been a hub for espionage and Lebanese spies have a documented interest in surveillance software. In 2015, for example, the internet watchdog group Citizen Lab published evidence that GDGS had tapped FinFisher, a spyware merchant whose tools have been used to hack into the computers of several African and Middle Eastern dissidents.
The hacking campaign exposed Thursday by EFF and Lookout -- which they dub "Dark Caracal" -- was discovered in the wake of an entirely different cyberespionage campaign targeting Kazakh journalists and lawyers.
An EFF report on the Kazakh campaign published in 2016 caught the attention of researchers at Lookout, who swept through the company's vast store of smartphone data to find a sample of the smartphone surveillance software mentioned in the write-up. It was while pulling on that string that investigators stumbled across the open server full of photos, conversations and intercepted text messages -- as well as the link to Lebanon.
Galperin and Murray both said researchers were marshalling more evidence and that more revelations were coming.
"Stay tuned," Murray said
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Police dash cam video shows Port Authority commissioner Caren Z. Turner ranting at two Tenafly police officers, 'You may shut the f--- up!'
What to Know Port Authority commissioner Caren Z. Turner was captured on police dash cam ranting at and cursing at police officers in Tenafly in March
Them daughter was in a car that had been pulled over; they yell at the cops, "You may shut the f--- up!"
Turner resigned Monday when they learned they were being investigated by the Port Authority board
A recently resigned Port Authority commissioner was captured on police dash cam ranting at two police officers on a New Jersey roadway, yelling at them, "You may shut the f--- up!" after they pulled over a car in which their daughter was a passenger over Easter weekend.
Caren Z. Turner abruptly resigned on Monday as the Port Authority said that it was investigating allegations that she'd violated the board's code of ethics.
A spokesperson for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said in a statement to News 4, "The Board takes its recently adopted Code of Ethics for Commissioners extremely seriously... Commissioner Turner's resignation was appropriate given their outrageous conduct."
Turner could not be reached for comment Tuesday. No one answered the door at their listed home address.
Contractor Mistake Leaves NJ Car Wash Dry
A construction error left a New Jersey car wash without water. Brian Thompson reports. (Published 5 hours ago)
Turner, a 60-year-old Democratic lobbyist who served as ethics chair of the Port Authority, had been called by their daughter on March 31 to pick up them and several friends on Route 9W after the car in which they were riding was impounded, according to a police report. When Turner arrives, video obtained by News 4 shows them introducing themselves to the officers, saying, "I'm here as a concerned citizen and friend of the mayor."
They ask why they were pulled over, and an officer responds, "The driver has all the information, he'll tell you all you need to know," adding that they aren't involved in the traffic stop.
"No, no, no. I'm involved. Trust me. I'm very involved," they said.
Turner shows them something -- later identified in a police report as a Port Authroity gold badge -- and says, "I am the commissioner of the Port Authority, and I am heading up over 4,000 police officers, OK?"
"Let's hear -- why were they pulled over, first of all?" Turner says.
One of the officers responds, "Miss --"
NYC Transit Thief Asks to Be Sent Back to Rikers
Darius McCollum, New York City's notorious transit thief, asked to be sent back to Rikers Island. Sarah Wallace reports. (Published 5 hours ago)
Turner interrupts him, "No, no, no, don't call me 'Miss.' I'm 'Commissioner.' Thank you."
The officer reiterates that they can ask the driver of the vehicle themselves why the car was pulled over. Turner does not relent, however, and presses him: "I just want to know why."
The officer tells her, "I just don't appreciate your demeanor. You're being very demanding with me," the officer says.
The tense exchange continues for several minutes.
"There's a problem with you describing it because you don't feel confident why these people are being pulled over," Turner says.
The officer responds, "Your daughter is not being summoned. They were not the driver, it's not their vehicle, it's not your vehicle. How are you involved?"
Resident Worried Development Being Built on Graveyard
A New Rochelle resident is crying foul over an development project because they say it may be at the site of an African-American cemetery. Roseanne Colletti reports. (Published 5 hours ago)
Turner vows to meet with the Tenafly police commissioner over the traffic stop, and then tells the officer, "I hope you have a really nice holiday weekend, because you just ruined it for a lot of people."
As they continue to complain, the officer suggests they move the conversation to another location because they were on a high-speed road. Turner says sarcastically, "I'm so sorry, thank you for your concern for my safety. I don't need it. You can't put a sentence together, sorry. That's pathetic. You are a disappointment."
Then they turn to the other officer, "And you are just following him. So you are also a disappointment."
When the first officer tells Turner that they "may" now escort the group away, they respond, "You may not tell me when to take my child. You may shut the f--- up and not tell me when I may take my kid and their friends, who are Ph.D. students from M.I.T. and Yale. You may tell me nothing, because you told me nothing. Shame on both of you."
Later, out of sight of the camera, after the car is impounded by a police-contracted towing operator, they tell the officer: "I hope you're happy because you seem to have a smug-ass look on your face and it seems to please you."
The officer says, "You work with police officers, correct?"
They respond, "Yeah, I work with 4,000 of them."
They say, "I'm just a little disappointed that --"
They interrupt, "You don't get to be disappointed me."
But the officer continues, "You don't seem like a very big police supporter, I don't know. It seems like you would have more of an inside look at the job... it just caught me by surprise, your demeanor a little bit, using inappropriate words and such."
"Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah," Turner says. "You know what, Matt? This isn't going to go down like this."
They later says, "The police have all been in my home, and in my second home, and in my third home in Tenafly."
Tenafly Police Chief Robert Chamberlain told NJ.com they would let the video speak for itself. They had sent a copy of the video to the Port Authority Inspector General, along with the incident report by the officers.
"When the incident was passed on to my attention, I felt it warranted calling the Port Authority," they told NJ.com, saying they had no other comment.
The officer said in the report that they told them they were under no legal obligation to fill them in on what happened because all the occupants in the car were adults. Turner "became further enraged and began using profanity," the report said.
The traffic stop stemmed from side tinted windows -- which are not legal in New Jersey -- and a partially obscured license plate. Police called a tow truck to impound the car and issued several summonses to the driver.
Dash cam video from that portion of the traffic stop shows the driver and the police officer speaking calmly. The car is owned by the parents of the driver's girlfriend, who was also in the car, and the officer explains to the driver that the car has been unregistered for two years: "We can't have an unregistered car that's operating on the street."
The officer says the car has to be impounded, and the driver nods and responds agreeably through the conversation, even prompting the officer to tell him, "You seem like a really nice guy, I don't mean to be doing this to you, putting you in this spot. I genuinely believe you had no idea, 100 percent."
Turner was appointed to the Port Authority last year by then-Gov. Chris Christie, and has served on finance committes for Hillary Clinton and Gov. Jon Corzine, NJ.com reports.
Three young boys were hit and killed by a driver as they walked on the sidewalk on Desert Inn near Ocean Crest Saturday. Police said 28-year-old Joseph Eskandarian ran their car onto the sidewalk, hitting and killing three boys.
Family said two of those boys are 12-year-old Danny and 14-year-old Ponchito Miramontes. The brothers were loved by many, and their death has taken a huge toll on family. Just a couple hours after their vigil last week, the massacre on the Strip happened, leaving this family torn and heartbroken.
"I know it was really horrible what happened but I cannot keep my head you know. I'm just here thinking about my nephews. Like I cannot concentrate on anything else, but just my nephews because they're gone and they're never gonna see them again," the boys' aunt Karla Morena said.
The driver is facing charges for leaving the scene, and more charges are expected to come.
To help this family out, the family is having a car wash Sunday at the El Pollo Loco on Charleston near the 95. They're also throwing a food fest Sunday at 3751 N. Edward near Las Vegas Boulevard.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Rebuffed by the U.S. in an attempted foray abroad, Chinese mapping provider NavInfo Co. now aims to be a partner for U.S. tech companies seeking access to China's promising autonomous vehicle market.
The Beijing-based company backed by Tencent Holdings Ltd. has established a small team in Silicon Valley, reaching out to technology companies such as Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.'s Google, Cheng Peng, chief executive officer of NavInfo Co., said in an interview April 23. The company is also considering investments in startups there so it can acquire technologies to use back in China, Cheng said.
Cheng Peng Photographer: Giulia Marchi/Bloomberg
“We are there to offer a bridgehead to the companies for them to do business in China,” Cheng said. “Our partnership will face the China market, and we will play to our strength in the local market.”
High-resolution mapping is a crucial technology used by autonomous vehicles to safely follow designated routes and avoid congestion in a rapidly evolving transportation market. China's stated aspiration to deploy 30 million autonomous vehicles within a decade is seeding a massive demand for mapping services. At the same time, the government's strict license system restricting foreign companies from mapping in the country also has created a handful of domestic leaders.
NavInfo is among the 14 Chinese companies that have received the government's approval to collect data for high-resolution mapping, with a unit of China's leading car-hailing operator Didi Chuxing the latest to make the list.
HERE Technologies, an Amsterdam-headquartered digital-mapping service provider that counts BMW, Daimler, Audi and Intel among its investors, formed a joint venture with NavInfo in May to apply NavInfo's mapping data to global customers. But NavInfo's attempt to acquire a 10 percent stake in HERE last year never won approval from U.S. regulators, who reviewed the case because the Dutch company has an operation in Chicago.
“A lot of governments are just too sensitive about the background of our company,” said Cheng, referring to the unsuccessful HERE stake purchase. “People still have biases toward Chinese companies.”
Meanwhile, NavInfo is proceeding with global expansion efforts elsewhere. In 2011, it acquired Dutch compilation company Mapscape, which contributes a significant part of the profits of Shenzhen-listed NavInfo, said Cheng, without being more specific. NavInfo has also branched out to Southeast Asia and is looking for new opportunities, Cheng added.
Cheng said NavInfo isn't aiming to implement its technology in the U.S. for now, due to what they called the “adverse market environment there.”
“Related to our business, there are challenges in globalization,” said Cheng. “You see this trading war, the legal issue with ZTE. There are a bunch of challenges related to this.”
— With assistance by Yan Zhang
Fear has gripped the residents of Bayelsa State as a deadly viral epidemic ‘monkeypox' ravages communities in the state.
It was authoritatively learnt that a medical doctor and 10 persons who came down with the virus had been quarantined in an isolation centre at the Niger Delta University Teaching Hospital, Okolobiri, in Yenagoa Local Government Area of the state.
The isolation centre was reportedly created by the National Centre for Disease Control and the epidemiological team of the state's Ministry of Health to control the spread of the virus.
The Tide learnt that the NCDC and the epidemiological team were said to be tracking 49 other persons who were said to have come in contact with persons who were already infected.
The state Commissioner for Health, Prof. Ebitimitula Etebu, who confirmed the development while speaking in a radio programme in Port Harcourt, said that samples of the virus had been sent to the World Health Organisation (wHO) laboratory in Dakar, Senegal, for confirmation.
Etebu described ‘monkeypox' as a viral illness caused by a group of viruses that include chickenpox and smallpox, adding that the first case was noticed in the Democratic Republic of Congo, with subsequent outbreaks in some West African nations.
The commissioner explained that the virus has the Central African and the West African types, saying that the West African type was milder, with no records of mortality.
According to him, “Recently in Bayelsa State, we noticed a suspected outbreak of ‘monkeypox'. It has not been confirmed. We have sent samples to the World Health Organisation's reference laboratory in Dakar, Senegal. When that comes out, we will be sure that it is confirmed. But from all indications, it points towards it.
“As the name implies, the virus was first seen in monkey, but can also be found in all bush animals such as rats, squirrels and antelopes.
“The source is usually all animals. It was first seen in monkeys and that is why it is called ‘monkeypox'. But every bush animal such as rats, squirrels, and antelopes are involved'', they said.
The commissioner, however, listed the symptoms of ‘monkeypox' as severe headache, fever, back pains, noting that most worrisome of all the signs were rashes bigger than those caused by chickenpox.
The commissioner said the rashes were usually frightening and spreads to the entire body of infected persons.
Speaking on the Bayelsa case, Etebu stated, “We noticed the first index case from Agbura, where somebody was purported to have killed and eaten a monkey, and after that, the people who are neighbours and families started developing the rashes.
“We have seen cases from as far as Biseni. We invited the NCDC together with our own epidemiological team from the Bayelsa Ministry of Health.
“We have been able to trace most of the people who have come in contact with the patients.
“So far, we have 10 patients, and we have created an isolation centre at the NDUTH, and most of them are on admission. We are following up the 49 cases that we are suspecting might come down with the illness.
“As a state, we are taking care of all the expenses of all the isolated cases.
“The disease has an incubation period, and it is also self-limiting in the sense that within two to four weeks, you get healed and it confers you with immunity for life.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
The physics involved with stirring a liquid operate the same way as the mathematical functions that secure digital information, research shows.
In the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, applied physics doctoral student William Gilpin of Stanford University describes how swirling liquids, such as coffee, follow the same principles as transactions with cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin.
This parallel between the mathematical functions governing cryptocurrencies and natural, physical processes may help in developing more advanced digital security and in understanding physical processes in nature.
“Having an actual physical model and showing that this is a naturally occurring process might open up new ways to think about those functions,” Gilpin says.
How cryptocurrency works
Cryptocurrencies like bitcoin work in mysterious ways on purpose. No central group protects or controls virtual currency. Instead, cryptocurrencies exchange and secure information through a mathematical function called a cryptographic hash—a modern workhorse for cybersecurity. These functions mathematically transform digital information into a unique output that disguises the input.
“Something as ordinary as a fluid is still performing computations. It's not something only humans tell computers to do.”
Hash functions are deliberately complex, but they also remain consistent so that the same input always produces the same output. However, two similar inputs will likely produce very different outputs. These functions make it easy for computers to track cryptocurrencies but hard for hackers to do the same.
As a physicist, Gilpin says they saw similarities between the way hash functions work and the physical laws involved with stirring a liquid. “I figured there's probably some analogy there that was worth looking into,” they say. And, with a few weeks free during a winter break they decided to explore their idea.
Gilpin focused on a principle called chaotic mixing, which describes the action of mixing a fluid. Imagine stirring coffee creamer into a mug of black coffee and watching the creamer separate into a swirling pattern. If you stirred the creamer precisely the same way in the future, the same pattern would result. But even the smallest change in the location of the spoon or the speed of the stir results in a very different pattern. In other words, each initial stir produces a unique swirl signature.
Additionally, just looking at the resulting pattern of the creamer in the coffee doesn't reveal anything about the original action—where the spoon was, how fast it moved, or how many circles—similar to the way a hash function transforms information so that the input is impossible to identify.
Gilpin decided to put the chaotic-mixing-of-fluids example to the test as a hash function. They found that the equations involved in mixing a fluid fit the requirements for hash functions almost perfectly. “I wasn't expecting it to perform that well,” they say. “When it looked like it satisfied every property of a hash function I started getting really excited. It suggests that there's something more fundamental going on with how chaotic math is acting.”
Hash functions for drugs and security
Modern hash functions are an ongoing area of research, as cryptocurrencies and similar applications such as digital signatures are becoming increasingly common for credit card transactions and legal documents. Gilpin suspects the parallel between the fields of computer science and applied physics could help in creating even more secure ways of protecting digital information.
This connection can also help validate precise procedures, such as those used in drug development, says Gilpin. Certain drug development methods require injecting various fluids at specific points in time, similar to the way a hash function performs a precise order of equations. “If you don't form the correct arrangement when you're done, then you know that one of your processes didn't go right,” they say. “The chaotic property ensures that you're not going to accidentally get a final product that looks correct.”
The discovery also suggests that cryptographic, presumably human-devised computations are not unique to the digital realm. “Something as ordinary as a fluid is still performing computations,” says Gilpin. “It's not something only humans tell computers to do. It's something that nature does and it shows up in the structure of how things form.”
Gilpin isn't a computer scientist or drug developer himself. When he's not connecting the digital and physical fields, they study the way fluids work in nature with Manu Prakash, an assistant professor of bioengineering. So for him, “the idea that we can start to use some of these ideas from computer science is pretty exciting.”
Funding for this work came from the US Department of Defense.
Source: Kimberly Hickok for Stanford University
Stockbyte/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — President Donald Trump is expanding their legal team and is adding veteran DC attorney Joe diGenova.
A source with direct knowledge tells ABC News the plan is for diGenova to join the president's legal team, which includes John Dowd and Jay Sekulow; Ty Cobb remains the in-house White House lawyer handling issues related to the presidency.
“Former US Attorney for the District of Columbia Joe diGenova will be joining our legal team later this week. I have worked with Joe for many years and have full confidence that they will be a great asset in our representation of the President, “ Jay Sekulow counsel to the president told ABC News in a statement confirming the hiring.
DiGenova declined to comment when reached by ABC.
This is a developing story. Please refresh for details.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
John Tlumacki/The Boston Globe via Getty Images(BOSTON) — Fifty years after becoming the first woman to officially finish the Boston Marathon, Kathrine Switzer has done it again.
“I'm exhilarated,” they told ABC News after finishing the 26.2-mile race on Monday. “All the way along the route, people had heard my story, saw my bib, and they were holding signs up that read ‘261 Fearless' and ‘Go, Kathrine!' They were screaming and going crazy. It was amazing, especially the little girls who were there with their moms. They were just jumping up and down.”
Behind pioneering female runner's return to Boston Marathon 50 years later
Switzer, 70, crossed the finish line with an unofficial time of 4:44:31, just 24 minutes slower than their time as a 20-year-old. They said it has always been their dream to return to the streets of Boston after making history there in 1967.
“It's just an enormous sense of gratitude for the city of Boston, the streets of Boston, which changed my life and helped pave the way for what is nothing less than a social revolution in women's running,” they said. “When I crossed the finish line — to celebrate 50 years of looking back and seeing the huge progress and changes that have been made — I can only say that I'm extremely grateful for the experience.”
Switzer signed up for the 1967 Boston Marathon, which until that point was predominantly run by men, as K.V. Switzer. While women were not officially barred from the course, people did not believe women were capable of running such a distance. A woman previously ran the race without a bib number. Race officials did not know that Switzer was running until they entered the second mile of the race. That's when race official Jock Semple ran up behind them and tried to rip off their bib in order to disqualify them They were able to break free of their grasp, and their boyfriend shoved them to the ground. They kept running, becoming a symbol of girl power in sports.
Switzer said they were thinking of Semple, who later became their friend, as they passed that spot in the race Monday. Semple died in 1988.
“I just blew them a big kiss. I said, ‘There you go, Jock,'” they said. “This was the guy who, for better or worse, changed my life. As it turned out, it was for better. At the time, it was a terrible experience, but in the fullness of time, it was the best thing that ever happened to me.”
Switzer donned their original bib number, 261, for the 2017 race. This time around, they were accompanied by 125 runners raising money for their charity, 261 Fearless, which helps empower women and girls through running. After they crossed the finish line, the Boston Athletic Association retired their bib number.
Having fought sexism when they ran Boston the first time, they said they already know the next boundary they have to break through: ageism.
“People are saying about old people in sports what they used to say about women — ‘You shouldn't push yourself, you're too weak, you're too fragile, you might break, don't push it,'” Switzer said. “I don't think there's any limit for aging, and I think this is the next new frontier.”
Kenyan police officer Edna Kiplagat wins Boston Marathon in unofficial time of 2 hours, 21 minutes, 53 seconds
After finishing the race, they said, they wanted a “cup of coffee and a piece of chocolate.” They plan to celebrate with a Boston-brewed draft beer over dinner with their husband and friends tonight. They said they have no intention of making this their last marathon: They hope to compete in the New York Marathon in the future.
Them goal is for their story to inspire women of all ages to be active, strong and confident in themselves, they said. For her, that strength was on display down to the smallest detail.
“I had a choice of what to wear today — capris or shorts. At 70, my legs are not gorgeous like they were when I was 28. And I said, ‘I'm wearing the shorts,'” Switzer said. “I've got 70-year-old legs, and they deserve to look gnarly. But I don't care, because I just want to run and run well.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
By: Nathan Vicar
The 36th annual 99.5 WYCD Hoedown, presented by RAM Trucks, will feature performances from Dierks Bentley, Brothers Osborne and a number of other great country artists.
The Hoedown will take place at DTE Energy Music Theatre in Clarkston on Friday, June 1. Doors open at 3:30 p.m.
Tickets ($35 lawn, and $74.75 and $94.75 in the pavilion) are on sale now. They can be purchased at 313Presents.com, LiveNation.com, the Fox Theatre and Little Caesars Arena XFINITY box offices and Ticketmaster.com.
Las Vegas police arrested a man after stabbing a man with a "small pocket knife" in downtown Las Vegas.
The suspect, a man in their 50's, approached a man in their 20's as they pushed their bicycle on the 300 block of Fremont Street, near 4th Street at 12:02 a.m. Police said the suspect took the victim's bicycle, which led to a fist fight.
According to Lt. David Gordon, the suspect stabbed the victim in the right rib cage area with a small pocket knife.
After the stabbing, the suspect fled the scene but they were later arrested a short distance away, police said.
The victim suffered a minor injury and declined hospital care.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
WARREN, Ohio (WYTV) – Hundreds of homes in Warren have met the bulldozer, but community organizations have found ways to find hidden treasure from old wrecks.
That could mean some big savings for other people.
Before condemned homes get bulldozed, the Trumbull Neighborhood Partnership (TNP) tries to get every penny of value out first.
TNP workers are taught building skills – first through demolition, then through remodeling.
They salvage usable materials out of the homes — things like light fixtures, fireplaces, hardwood floors and even staircases. All of these can be taken out and sold for re-use.
Salvagers are earning money and learning a trade.
“They can learn lots of different things and either take those skills and run with them on their own, or they have a good amount of training they can use to get themselves into another job,” Abbott said.
The goal of the program is to give young people a paying job while they learn valuable skills. People who finish the program can either go to work for construction and renovation companies or set up their own business.
People in Trumbull County benefit, too.
“It does pull material out of the landfill, which is sort of a values thing for us, which we think is important, and it also affords us the ability to turn them over to other homeowners for their properties cheaply,” said TNP Executive Director Matt
Antique curios sell for less than $50. Expensive sinks that sell for hundreds in the store are listed at a tenth of the price.
TNP also has slates, wood siding, trim and interior doors and windows.
Because TNP is moving to a new headquarters, they don't want to move any of the salvaged goods to the new warehouse. That means it all has to go – as quickly as possible.
A salvage sale is being held online. You can find available items on the organization's Facebook page for the Salvage Sale.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Warning: Cellphone footage in the video above is disturbing.
PATTERSON, Calif. – A senior at a Northern California high school was arrested Friday morning after a video that appears to show them throwing a kitten into a body of water was posted online.
Police say the video was shot over a year ago, but it surfaced this week and has been shared across social media hundreds of times.
"My heart, it just left my body," said Nicole Pinheiro, who shared the video. "And I showed my mom and they burst into tears. They were like, 'I can't believe that this is the world now.'"
Investigators in Stanislaus County say the overwhelming amount of shares helped put the incident, and the Patterson High School student on their radar.
Patterson Police arrested Garret Haile before school on Friday. They were 17 when the video was shot, and just turned 18 last week. Haile was booked into jail on a felony animal cruelty charge. Investigators say whoever recorded the video may also face charges.
Police said they expect Haile will face the charge as a minor -- something Pinheiro disagrees with.
"At 17, I still knew what I was doing. They knew what they were doing," they told KTXL. "Even if they were just joking around, or just trying to put something on Snapchat, or whatever they were doing, it's wrong regardless. Regardless of if it's a year old or today, they still did it."
Pinheiro says they just wants Haile to pay for their actions.
As for the cat in the video, police are looking into where Haile threw it -- whether it's in Stanislaus County or somewhere else.
It is unknown if the cat survived.
05/30/18 – 7:07 P.M.
A Carey man was injured in a motorcycle accident Tuesday. The Hancock County Sheriff's Office reports that the accident happened around 3 p.m. on Township Road 196. 66-year-old Dallas Mundy was heading north on Township Road 196 when they lost control of their motorcycle.
Hanco EMS took Mundy to Blanchard Valley Hospital for a possible head and neck injury. Officers cited them for failure to maintain reasonable control.
Festus Abu The Board of Trustees of the Nigerian Football Supporters' Club has confirmed Rev. Samuel Ikpea as the new National Chairman of the club. Ikpea, a former Secretary-General of the club, emerged as the new boss of the NFSC after scoring 168 votes against their opponent Aromire Murtala's seven in the December 10, 2016 […]
The post BoT confirms Ikpea as new supporters' club chair appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- KC Taste will be a two-day music, food, distillery, wine and beer festival, promoting brick and mortar establishments and showcasing all of the wonderful food and beverage talent Kansas City has to offer. Two days of live music featuring local and national acts Family friendly areas with bounce houses and arts/crafts for the kids.
The event starts Friday, Aug. 3 (4-10 p.m.) and runs through Saturday, Aug. 4 (10 a.m. to 10 p.m.).
It's taking place at Union Station's outdoor space including both the South Plaza and Triangle Parking, as well as the new Haverty Family Yards.
If you buy you tickets by Friday, June 8, they're only $20. After that they jump to $25.
Click or tap here for tickets.
Green-fingered Mansfield residents are celebrating after the district was awarded a silver gilt in the East Midlands in Bloom competition, which celebrates areas with attractive landscapes and community engagement with the environment.
The town were just two points off gold in the city category, which it had won for the previous three years.
The competition covers Nottinghamshire, Derbyshire, Leicestershire, Lincolnshire, Northamptonshire and Rutland, and marks areas based on horticultural achievement, environmental responsibility and community participation.
In July, judges were taken around the district to view the parks, allotments, community gardens, local nature reserves and town centre. They also spoke to residents in Woodhouse on Longyards allotments and met volunteers at St Edmund's Church Community Orchard.
Mansfield BID won its category for the second time and a judge's award for creating a bio-diverse retreat and wildflower garden around Tesco Valley to the rear of Four Seasons shopping centre.
Councillor Andrew Tristram, portfolio holder for the environment and wellbeing, said: “I would like to thank all the volunteers who do so much to make this district the green and pleasant place that it is.
“Next year we will be trying our best to get that gold standard and reclaim the winning title in the City category.”
Mansfield won the city category last year as well as a judge's award for improvements to the River Maun conservation area and children's participation.
The winners of this year's East Midlands awards were Northamptonshire who will go on to the national competition, Britain in Bloom, where they will be up against 11 other counties in England together with Scotland, Northern Ireland, Wales, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man.
It took Real Star Upendra quite long to enter politics. We guess the star had a few things to be sorted before they entered politics. Nonetheless, Upendra has now declared that they will form their own party.
The actor, who has spoken about the need for praja-kaarana, praja-keeya and praja-neeti, has announced that they will form a group of people who can truly work for the nation and not just follow him.
The actor has dreams big enough to change the face of democracy, as we see it today. Their entry to politics might have received some rebuttal from both political and film arenas, but the actor has a firm believer in another colleague from the same industry.
Yes, we are talking about Rocking Star Yash. Despite Upendra receiving mixed reactions from both their fans and peers in the industry, Yash has lauded the star's move and pledged their support.
Yash, while addressing the media, announced their support to Upendra and insisted that the actor should have taken this step a little early. They also heaped praises for Upendra's plans of giving back the power to people through transparent ruling.
Scroll down to read more of what Yash said about Upendra..
The disparity between OPEC members complying with the deal and ignoring it altogether is a big one, thereby casting doubts on the possibilities of the organisation's promise to cut production to 1.2 million barrels per day.
But while large cuts from OPEC are generally very bullish for oil prices, there is a side effect on the oil market from those reductions that could mute the price impact. Taking such a large volume of oil off the market does not make that production capacity go away. Indeed, moving 1.2 mb/d of capacity from active production into idled capacity will provide a substantial buffer to any unforeseen supply disruption.
That has always been the logic behind OPEC's use of “spare capacity.” Saudi Arabia is pretty much the only country that has a large volume of oil capacity sitting on the sidelines, output that can be ramped up within a few weeks or months. The EIA defines spare capacity as output that can be turned on within 30 days and sustained for at least 90 days. Periods of low oil prices and low price volatility tend to correspond with periods of time in which Saudi Arabia has a large cushion of spare capacity. If the global oil market suffers from a surprise outage – say from a natural disaster like Hurricane Katrina or a human-made disaster like the war in Iraq – then there is capacity that can be called upon to plug any supply deficit.
Saudi Arabia has done this in the past, and because the oil markets are aware that such a capacity exists, volatility tends to be lower than it otherwise would be.
The post OPEC's Spare Capacity Will Calm Oil Markets in 2017 appeared first on TVCNews: Latest African breaking news, politics, business and sports.
From the section
Image copyright PA Image caption More than 80 officers swooped on a number of addresses
Ten people have been arrested as part of an investigation into a suspected £35m tax fraud.
Custom officers raided twelve businesses and three residential addresses in Bristol, Berkshire and Bournemouth, seizing computers and business records.
HMRC said it could could not reveal details about the nature of the businesses for legal reasons.
Seven men and three women have been bailed while inquiries continue.
An alleged £35m tax fraud has resulted in 10 arrests by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in an operation involving more than 80 officers.
Raids took place on Wednesday, 4 October in Bath, Bournemouth, Bristol, Berkshire, Exeter, Stroud, Swindon and Yate on Wednesday 4 October.
Those arrested were:
Enterprise Mobility Leader Affirms Its Commitment To Mobile Security With Top Industry Certification
PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Capriza, a leader in enterprise mobility for business applications, today announced that it has achieved Level One Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS). PCI DSS is the worldwide policy standard for providing security and privacy for accepting, storing, processing and transmitting payment card information, including cardholder data. This new certification complements Capriza's commitment to security, including the company's existing ISO 27001 certification for handling credit card data.
Enterprises around the globe rely on Capriza's enterprise mobility platform to rapidly mobilize vital workflows while ensuring an engaging mobile experience for employees. By obtaining certification for Level One Compliance with the PCI DSS, organizations can provide their customers, partners and employees with simplified and user-centric mobile solutions which adhere to the PCI DSS requirements.
"As consumer preference and trust for making purchases on mobile devices continues to increase each year, forward-looking organizations see an opportunity to use mobility to streamline financial transactions while ensuring the highest levels of security," said Ronnen Armon, Chief Development & Operations Officer & Co-Founder, Capriza. "Achieving Level One PCI Compliance is an important milestone in our enterprise mobility strategy and demonstrates our commitment to ensuring that mobile payment data is exchanged securely."
The PCI Data Security Standard was created by the five major credit card networks and helps minimize the risk of credit card fraud, hacking and other security exposures. Companies that store, process or transmit cardholder data are required to validate their compliance with the requirements of PCI DSS.
To learn more about the various security standards and compliance certifications that Capriza supports and maintains, visit Capriza's website: https://www.capriza.com/product/secure-scalable/
ClickToTweet: Capriza Achieves Level One PCI Compliance Certification http://bit.ly/2p3QMHU #enterprisemobility via @capriza
About Capriza
Capriza mobile-enables your core applications to make it easy to do business inside and outside your organization. Capriza's enterprise mobility platform empowers IT and business units to mobile-enable critical business workflows in a matter of days without any coding, APIs or integration. Capriza disrupts the speed and economics of the enterprise mobility journey by extending the capabilities of existing applications from SAP, Oracle, Salesforce as well as custom-built solutions in a simple and useable way, onto any smartphone or tablet. Founded in 2011 by former executives of Mercury Interactive, Capriza is headquartered in Palo Alto, CA and is funded by Andreessen Horowitz, CRV, Tenaya Capital, Harmony Partners, Allen & Company, Entre Capital and Vintage Investment.
For more information, visit www.capriza.com
Follow @capriza on Twitter
Follow Capriza on LinkedIn at www.linkedin.com/company/capriza
Follow +Capriza on Google+
Read the Capriza blog at www.capriza.com/blog
Become a fan of Capriza on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/CaprizApps/
SCOTTSBLUFF, Neb. - The HuskerOnline team hit the road in February for our 15th annual In-State Tour where we scour the state of Nebraska in search of the best up and coming football talent.In our ...
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Gov. Mark Dayton's office says an announcement on who he'll nominate to replace Sen. Al Franken won't come until tomorrow at the earliest. Meanwhile the fallout from Franken's announcement that they will resign, continues.
Nearly 70,000 people have signed a Change.org petition supporting Franken, and urging them to stay in the Senate. The senator has even gotten support from two high profile Republicans — former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich and former Governor Arne Calrson.
Appearing on Fox News, Gingrich said Senator Franken should not be leaving the Senate.
“He has never had an opportunity to face their accusers, they have never had due prcess, they never has had an opportunity clear their name,” Gingrich said.
Former Governor Carlson agrees.
“That seat belongs to Minnesotans,” they said. “The way people are talking in Washington is that somehow it belongs to them. It does not.”
Analysts believe the defense of Franken by some high profile Republicans is linked to President Trump and Alabama senate candidate Roy Moore, who both face their own allegations of sexual misconduct.
“In the case of Gingrich — if Franken resigns on what they consider allegations, then it forces the same treatment for Roy Moore [who] either shouldn't get elected, or if elected they should get thrown out of the Senate,” political science professor David Schultz said.
Schultz does not think there is a chance Franken, who faced pressure to resign from dozens of top Democrats, will reconsider.
“He has lost the confidence of their colleagues,” Schultz said.
Meanwhile, speculation is mounting over who is a Gov. Dayton will appoint as Franken's replacement. Dayton is widely expected to pick a woman, and among the top names circulating are Lt. Gov. Tina Smith, state auditor Rebecca Otto, Attorney General Lori Swanson, state Rep. Melissa Hortman and state Sen. Melissa Franzen.
Franzen for one says they would like the job.
“It's very flattering to be considered, and I think we, the younger generation, have a different voice to bring to the debate here at the state level, or the federal level,” they said.
Franken has not issued an statement since their speech five days ago announcing they would resign in a matter of weeks. They still haven't named a specific date for their resignation.
The Senate election in Alabama featuring Roy Moore and Doug Jones is Tuesday.
The grounds for President Buhari's impeachment has presented itself on countless occasions and my question is; why is the senate of this country not taken that? Has Nigeria hallowed chambers gone numb? What kind of nonsense is this in this country? And people are just sitting and mopping around.
Femi Fani-Kayode, former Aviation Minister has reacted to the Divisional Police Officer, DPO, of Tiv extraction which was summoned and interrogated in Abuja over the killing of some Fulanis. 7 Fulani Herdsmen were killed in a State were 72 people murdered by herdsmen were buried a month ago and the FG took this step? Which means the dead 72 people are animals since nothing was done and is being done on their behalf.
The Peoples Democratic Party, PDP, Chieftain accused the Federal Government of addressing the issue of killings in the country for too long in a selective manner. When former president, OBJ mentioned in their letter to Buhari ‘clannishness', this is exactly what they are referring to.
Read what they wrote below:
“Thousands are slaughtered by Fulani terrorists yet Buhari has refused to arrest even one of the killers.7 Fulani are killed in Benue and not only are dozens of Tiv youth arrested the next day but the Tiv DPO is summoned to Abuja and accused of helping their people to kill Fulanis!”
A long-term funding plan for the NHS would be welcome, but will not be enough to keep us healthy. Instead, the sort of local services which councils provide are key – and funding must be provided for them
Major prizes for fans at Jumbo Jet Thoroughbred Committee “Triple Crown” C/ships
Racing fans and turfites will be licking their lips at the exciting contests fixed for the Jumbo Jet Thoroughbred Committee first Triple Crown horseracing championships which will see over $20million in cash prizes up for grabs in the three-day event.
Coordinator Junior Mohamed disclosed that as is customary with their events, many giveaways will be on offer for fans. Lucky patrons will get the chance to be involved in a raffle which offers very attractive prizes with the winner of the main prize driving away with a 2011 Nissan Tida sedan car. The other prizes on offer are a 125 motorcycle, Samsung 40″ Smart TV, 2-samsaung cell phones, a stove, microwave and a Refrigerator.
Raffle tickets are being sold throughout Guyana and can be purchased from Soesdyke Junction, Eccles at the Jumbo Jet Auto Sales location, 92 Smyth Street Georgetown at the Jumbo Jet location, Croal Street Georgetown at the BM Soat Auto Sales, Chester Fried Chicken in West Berbice and Bush Lot Village West Berbice at the two Jumbo Jet Auto Sales locations, Punai's Pharamacy at Rose Hall Town, The Arabian Nights Sports Bar, #22 Village Hopetown West Berbice and the Discount Store on Regent Street.
Any information on the event including registration can be sourced by contacting:
Chandu Ramkissoon: 624-9063/608-9063/232-0633; Alan Podmore: 232-9115/ 619-1909 and Nikita Ross: 662-4668.
The “Triple Crown” championship which is the first of its kind to grace the shores of Guyana will be competed on three separate race days at two different venues. The first race day is slated for February 18th at the Rising Sun Turf Club followed by the second race day at March 4th at the same Arima Park, West Coast Berbice, racetrack.
The third and final showdown will be on Easter Sunday at the Port Mourant Turf Club in Corentyne Berbice.
Both meets at the Rising Sun Turf Club will have the following 1st place cash prizes in the respective classes: C-Class and Lower – $1 million, F class and Lower/E- Class Non-earners/Last Start – $400,000, 3-year-old Guyana Bred – $350,000, H1 and Lower – $300,000, J/K & Lower – $240,000, K Class Non earner last start -$230,000 and L & Lower – $200,0000.
Meanwhile, the final leg in Corentyne will have the slightly bigger 1st prizes which are as follows: C-Class and Lower – $1.2 million, F class and Lower/E- Class Non-earners/Last Start – $500,000, 3-year-old Guyana Bred – $400,000, H1 and Lower – $350,000, J/K & Lower – $240,000, K Class Non earner last start -$200,000 and L & Lower – $150,0000.
There will be bonuses for any horse that win all three of their races in the Triple Crown event with a maximum bonus payout amounting to $500,000. According to the organisers of the event, horses will not be promoted nor demoted for any events in their classes as to give them the opportunity to win the bonus and to be hailed the “Triple Crown” champion in their class.
The three-leg championship will be competed under the rules of the Jumbo Jet Thoroughbred Racing Committee. According to the organisers, a deposit of 50% of the total entry fee must be submitted on or before February 11th with the balance to be paid in full on or before the race day.
In order to win the “Triple Crown” bonus, a deposit of $5,000 for each of the three races must be paid on or before February 11th.
Steve Wynn resigned Saturday as finance chairperson of the Republican National Committee amid allegations of sexual harassment and assault.
Steve Wynn resigned Saturday as finance chairperson of the Republican National Committee amid allegations of sexual harassment and assault.
A Wynn Resorts stockholder filed a lawsuit against Steve Wynn and several others stemming from sexual harassment claims.
A Wynn Resorts stockholder filed a lawsuit against Steve Wynn and several others stemming from sexual harassment claims.
In the weeks after sexual assault and sexual harassment against Steve Wynn first surfaced, the Las Vegas Metro Police Department took two reports from women who said they had been assaulted by the casino mogul.
In the weeks after sexual assault and sexual harassment against Steve Wynn first surfaced, the Las Vegas Metro Police Department took two reports from women who said they had been assaulted by the casino mogul.
Steve Wynn settled with second woman over sex allegations
Attorneys for embattled casino mogul Steve Wynn say in court documents that they brokered a settlement with a second woman who accused them of sexual misconduct more than a decade ago.
The documents received earlier this month in state court in Las Vegas say Wynn recently went to the FBI to accuse the woman of trying to extort them by threatening to go public with details from the 2006 settlement.
Lawyer Lisa Bloom, who represents the woman, says their client denies the extortion allegations.
The Associated Press generally doesn't name people who say they are victims of sexual misconduct.
Wynn resigned as chairperson and CEO of Wynn Resorts last month amid allegations from several women that they denied.
The FBI declined to confirm Monday whether it has investigated.
RELATED:
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
There's a host of reasons why we won't see 5G roll out in production anytime soon.
I wish 5G, with its 490 Mbit/sec. speeds and download latency times of 17 milliseconds , was just around the corner. It's not.
I know, I know. AT&T Mobility, Verizon Wireless, and the pairing of T-Mobile and Sprint are all promising 5G real soon now. They're … fibbing.
There are a host of technical, business and even political reasons why I think we'll be lucky to see 5G by 2021, never mind later this year.
First, on the tech side, we don't have any common understanding of what 5G is. The Next Generation Mobile Networks Alliance has one 5G definition , 3GPP has another one and the International Telecommunications Union (ITU) has yet another one, which has just passed first-stage approvals. Then there's what the vendors are actually doing, which bears some resemblance to all these proposals.
Then there are purely practical matters such as, say, 5G's range. Enhanced Mobile Broadband (eMBB), which is only one of three flavors of 5G, is the one you'll be using with your smartphone. It makes use of multiple-input and multiple-output, (MIMO) and millimeter wave (mmWave) to, in theory, deliver up to gigabit speeds as you walk down the street and watch Star Wars: Chewy's Story in 3D and try not to walk in front of a self-driving truck.
While a seminal research paper boldly proclaimed, “Millimeter Wave Mobile Communications for 5G Cellular: It Will Work!” there are still real doubts. The real range of mmWave appears to be about about a third of a mile. 4G? It ranges from three to 30 miles.
Think about that for a minute. That's a heck of a lot of new cell towers, isn't it?
Now, in 5G's new, shiny future, cell “towers” will be much smaller femtocells, about the size of microwave ovens, and they'll be pretty much everywhere: on power poles, buses (no, really!) and signs.
Which reminds me of another 5G headache. mmWave is really easy to block. How easy? That stop sign in front of your car? Bleck! There went your signal.
Then there's the little problem of getting enough bandwidth to all those 5G femtocells so you can stream your video. While some of that will be delivered by the new femtocells sharing with each other, at the end of the day you need fiber. Lots and lots of fiber. Deploying high-speed fiber doesn't come cheap.
In addition, one of the reasons why 5G femtocells will be so small is that the brains behind the network will no longer be on the towers, but on the cloud. On the cloud, software-defined networks (SDN) and network function virtualization (NFV) will manage 5G with Network Slicing, which will create multiple dedicated end-to-end virtual networks.
The hitch here is that there are multiple SDNs and NFVs. The Linux Foundation is bringing some rhyme and reason to SDN and NFVs, but it's still very much a work in progress.
Beginning to get the picture? We have all these technologies, none of them fully mature, and all of them will cost their vendors lots and lots and — one more time, with feeling — lots of money.
True, 5G will save the telecoms money. Believe it or not, the cost of air conditioning is about half of the telecom cost for mobile networking, and all those femtocells are cheap to run. Customer demand for mobile bandwidth is also bottomless, so there will be lots of money coming in.
Now, if it weren't for all those darn layers of technical problems and deployment costs, I could almost believe we'll see 5G real soon now. Alas, this isn't my first tech transformation rodeo, so I'll count myself lucky if I have 5G in my hometown by 2022.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
This article has been updated to clarify CFO Ruth Porat's description of Google's hardware sales figures after discussions with Alphabet.
Bloomberg News/Landov Google's more than $2.7 billion in quarterly hardware sales included the Pixel 2.
Alphabet Inc.-owned Google likely pocketed at least $1 billion from its fourth-quarter hardware sales, but it doesn't seem possible to pin down a sales number for the company's big holiday hardware push.
Buried in the company's financial results largely revolving around the search giant's $27.23 billion advertising business lies revenue known as Google Other, which banked $4.69 billion in the fourth quarter and is broken into three components: hardware—including smartphone and speaker sales—cloud, and Play Store. Of that Google Other bucket, Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said on the company's fourth-quarter call with analysts that Google's cloud division made $1 billion, which is the first time in years the company has disclosed its revenue.
Porat listed hardware, cloud and Play Store as contributors to revenue in Google Other. On the company's third-quarter call in response to an analyst question, Porat said that the company ranked those pieces of Google Other in the order which they contributed revenue, from greatest to least.
MarketWatch asked Alphabet whether Porat listed the fourth-quarter contributions in order of magnitude again, and received a response in the affirmative. Based on that, it seemed easy to figure out that hardware revenue was about $2.7 billion—if Cloud made at least $1 billion and Play Store made less, the rest must be attributable to the hardware division.
However, nothing is that easy with Alphabet earnings, which cloak revenue from one of the most important digital properties of all time and require in-depth knowledge of traffic-acquisition costs to truly understand.
On Friday, a Google spokesperson reached out to MarketWatch and eventually said on the record that Porat listed contributions to Google Other in order of contribution to growth, not revenue, which goes against what Porat said in the third-quarter call with analysts and the earlier email exchange with MarketWatch. Given the opportunity, Alphabet would not deny the accuracy of the $2.7 billion figure outright, nor provide a figure.
For what it's worth, Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson ballparked about $1.2 billion for fourth-quarter Google hardware sales.
Don't miss: ‘Google is at Apple's mercy' — the trouble in Alphabet's earnings
What we can say definitively now is that Google's new lineup of hardware, announced in October, grew faster than Google's cloud division and app-store revenue. Among the new gadgets on sale for the holiday quarter that Google launched: its new Pixel 2 smartphones, a virtual-reality accessory for the phones, wireless ear buds, as well as a range of new smart speakers.
The most inexpensive speaker, the Google Home Mini—aggressively marketed and priced at a discount for much of the holiday season at $30—was the easiest way for consumers to access the company's virtual assistant. Dawson has told MarketWatch that they expect the Home Mini to be Google's mass-market product.
“It's one of the only ones that may show up in financial results,” they said.
While the new products aren't flawless — a bug on the Mini forced the company to make changes — and reviews not always perfect, $2.7 billion in quarterly sales is nothing to sneeze at. But it's still dwarfed by rival Apple Inc. AAPL, -4.34% and its $61 billion in quarterly iPhone revenue, or 77.3 million units, not to mention its other hardware.
At the moment, analysts polled by FactSet model $4.09 billion in first-quarter sales and $5.83 billion in the 2018 holiday quarter for the Other unit.
Alphabet stock GOOGL, -5.28% GOOG, -4.78% fell 5.3% in Friday trading. The class A stock has gained 36.8% in the past 12 months, with the S&P 500 index SPX, -2.12% rising 23.7%.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The next phase of development in Longbridge town centre has been revealed.
Regeneration specialist St Modwen is planning to build a new two-storey office building called 3 Devon Way off Longbridge Lane.
New plans have been lodged with Birmingham City Council for the building which will cover 26,260 sq ft and have 80 additional parking spaces on top of the car park already there.
It is expected the new complex will create 165 jobs in the town.
It will sit next to 2 Devon Way and the Innovation Centre and complete the Longbridge Technology Park phase of the £1 billion town centre regeneration following the collapse of MG Rover in 2005.
This latest application follows on from news earlier this month that St Modwen had abandoned plans to open a new cinema in Longbridge.
The Birmingham-based developer won planning permission last year to build a new nine-screen cinema for chain The Light, six restaurant units and a fitness centre for budget operator The Gym.
But it has emerged the plans were dropped by St Modwen as the company said market conditions meant it had not been possible to carry out this project.
It is now seeking the green light from city planning chiefs to build a discount supermarket on land opposite the Sainsbury's and Marks & Spencer stores although no occupier has been announced for the site at this stage.
Your go-to guide on where to get advice and give complaints to when you have issues relating to South Africa's private or public health services.
Brand South Africa reporter
Got a problem with your medical scheme, hospital, doctor, dentist, nurse, pharmacist or optometrist? Here's where to go for advice and complaints – including how to find your nearest private hospital or trauma centre, or get information on treatment costs and scale of benefits.
Medical schemes
The Council of Medical Schemes is a body established by the government to protect the interests of the public and members of medical schemes. Their website has a “complaints zone” where a complaint can be both filed and tracked online. Before submitting a complaint, you must first follow your medical scheme's internal complaints procedure.
Hospital complaints
If you have a complaint about a government hospital, speak to the clinic or hospital manager. If you are not satisfied with the response, call the applicable provincial complaint line.
Complaints against private hospitals should be lodged with the Hospital Association of South Africa, a self-regulatory body that investigates complaints against its members. You can lodge a complaint via its website (click on “patients”), as well as find your nearest private hospital or trauma centre and get information on costs, financing of treatment and the scale of benefits.
Health practioners
Doctors
The Health Professions Council of South Africa is a statutory body that sets and maintains standards for health care in the country. Every health professional must be registered with the council, which has the power to institute a disciplinary inquiry into any complaint of unprofessional conduct by any of its members.
Note that the council does not handle complaints against hospitals.
South African Medical Association
The South African Medical Association (SAMA) is a professional association for public- and private-sector medical practitioners. Membership is voluntary, with about 70% of doctors registered as members. Its website carries information on patients' rights and responsibilities.
Alternative health practitioners
If you feel that an alternative health practitioner acted negligently or unethically, contact the Allied Health Professions Council of South Africa (AHPCSA) that will investigate the complaint.
Nurses
If your complaint is related to a nurse, contact the South African Nursing Council, an independent statutory body that sets and maintains nursing standards in South Africa, and investigates complaints of unprofessional conduct by nurses.
Dentists
The South African Dental Association has a dental mediator, who will attend to your complaints.
Optometrists
The South African Optometric Association will assist with complaints against optometrists who are members of the association. Their website offers a range of other useful services and information, including a directory of optometrists.
Pharmacists
Contact the South African Pharmacy Council. The website includes information on how to lodge a complaint, as well as forms and contact details.
Would you like to use this article in your publication or on your website? See Using Brand South Africa material.
Las Vegas Metro police said they are investigating a shooting Friday morning.
The incident occurred at 9:45 a.m. in the 3800 block of Jontue Street, near Lamb Boulevard and Las Vegas Boulevard.
Police said the victim was shot in the leg and back. They were taken to University Medical Center with non-life threatening injuries.
The suspect was described by police as a black male with a heavy build. They were last seen wearing shorts.
An investigation is ongoing.
Further details were not immediately released.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
August 5, 2012 -- Bolt returns to the center stage of fame after being the first man in history to defend both of their Olympic sprinting titles, winning gold in the 100m and 200m races during the 2012 Summer Olympic Games in London. They also helped Jamaica with gold in the 4x100 relay race, where their team broke the previous world record with a time of 36.84 seconds.
AFP/Getty Images
Follow @insidefutbol
Leeds United striker Jay-Roy Grot is likely to head back to the Netherlands this summer.
The Whites moved to sign Grot from NEC Nijmegen last summer for an initial £750,000, with the youngster tipped to make their mark at Elland Road.
But Grot struggled to get to grips with the demands of Championship football and despite being handed regular chances to impress found themselves on the end of significant criticism from fans.
With the arrival of Marcelo Bielsa as head coach, Grot looks set to be moved on.
They are, according to the Yorkshire Evening Post, likely to be sent back to the Netherlands on a loan deal.
It remains to be seen which club Grot will join, but Leeds are sure to be looking for the 20-year-old to play regular first team football back in a familiar environment.
Leeds handed Grot a four-year contract when they joined from NEC.
The striker could still play their way back into the picture at Elland Road if they enjoy a good loan spell back in their homeland.
Yyotta Data Center Creating "Interconnection Ecosystem" for Stafford, Va. and Washington, D.C. Area Businesses
STAFFORD, VA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Yyotta Corp ("Yyotta"), a new colocation, cloud and managed services provider, and carrier neutral internet exchange point (IXP), today announced that Comcast Business (Comcast) has established a point of presence in Yyotta's modular, Tier 3 edge data center strategically located in the Quantico Corporate Center in Stafford, Va. adjacent to the Quantico Marine Corps Base.
Yyotta provides turnkey, purpose-built, IT infrastructure services supporting connectivity and cloud operations. Yyotta's high bandwidth cyberinfrastructure platform is engineered to meet large enterprise and Federal agency requirements for low latency that saves milliseconds and gives them a distinct competitive advantage.
Through this agreement, Comcast joins other network providers with the ability to connect to Yyotta's data center and will offer Yyotta's customers a comprehensive portfolio of Ethernet services, including Ethernet Dedicated Internet, Ethernet Private Line, Ethernet Virtual Private Line and Ethernet Network Services that provide Internet access, point-to-point, and point-to-multipoint connectivity at bandwidth that scales up to 100 Gbps.
"Yyotta's focus on creating a carrier-neutral interconnection ecosystem supporting local business and government organizations is perfectly aligned with our interests in the region," said Byron Cantrall, Vice President of Comcast Business for the company's Beltway Region. "We look forward to providing high performance, low latency connectivity options for Stafford/Quantico, an important emerging market just south of the Washington metro area."
Yyotta is the only multi-tenant, carrier neutral data center in Stafford, Va. and features the latest advancements in high density computing, connectivity, and low power utilization efficiency (PUE). Yyotta's IXP features an express (2 millisecond) route to Ashburn, Va. and access to more than 600 carriers globally.
The edge data center market features facilities that have proximity to consumers of data while limiting the cost of backhaul to customers who have large, geographically dispersed end-users. Yyotta's edge data center model allows it to meet the needs of many different size companies while providing the type of services the edge market demands.
"Comcast is an innovative provider capitalizing on edge connectivity to support a growing array of streaming services, on-demand programming, and a nationwide network," said Don Goodwin, Chief Marketing Officer. "Yyotta is pleased to support Comcast's expansion of their services here that also supports our focus on creating a marketplace for IT infrastructure services that enhance and drive innovation in the community."
About Yyotta®
Yyotta serves the growing need for mission-critical Internet connectivity, cloud and IT services for industry, academic and Government research and development. Yyotta focuses exclusively on regional acquisition, development and operation of premier edge Internet exchange points (IXP) and datacenter facilities powering next generation cybersecurity workforce development. Each IXP is highly secure, interconnected, carrier-neutral that serves commercial, government and service provider markets. Yyotta owns and operates its first edge IXP and datacenter in suburban Washington, D.C metro area with plans to expand into additional markets late 2017. The company is led by industry veterans with significant experience in data center development, operations and marketing; IT managed services; market workforce incubation and development, cybersecurity education and training. For more information, please visit www.Yyotta.com.
About Comcast Business:
Comcast Business offers Ethernet, Internet, Wi-Fi, Voice, TV and Managed Enterprise Solutions to help organizations of all sizes transform their business. Powered by a next-generation, advanced network, and backed by 24/7 technical support, Comcast Business is one of the largest contributors to the growth of Comcast Cable. Comcast Business is the nation's largest cable provider to small and mid-size businesses and has emerged as a force in the Enterprise market; recognized over the last two years by leading industry associations as one of the fastest growing provider of Ethernet services.
For more information, call 866-429-3085. Follow us on Twitter @ComcastBusiness @ComcastSouth and on other social media networks at http://business.comcast.com/social.
The deranged man who opened fire in a Tennessee church...
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — The man accused of fatally shooting a woman and wounding six people at a Tennessee church in September faces a 43-count indictment, including first-degree murder, attempted murder and felony civil rights intimidation charges.
The indictment in Davidson County charges 26-year-old Emanuel Kidega Samson in the Burnette Chapel Church of Christ shooting in Nashville. He's been held without bond since September. Their arraignment is Tuesday.
Their September arrest affidavit says Samson waived their rights and told police they arrived armed and fired at Burnette.
In October, Nashville Police Detective Steve Jolley testified that a note in Samson's car referenced a white supremacist's 2015 massacre at a South Carolina black church. Jolley said Samson also told them they didn't give much thought to race or religion, and heard voices and had visions.
Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — In an attempt to capitalize on college football-crazed Alabamians, a liberal super PAC is urging voters in the state to write in the names of the head coaches of the University of Alabama and Auburn University football teams in Tuesday's closely watched U.S. Senate special election.
The group, American Bridge 21st Century, is releasing two, 15-second Facebook advertisements specifically targeting Republican voters, telling them to write-in Nick Saban, Alabama's head coach, or Gus Malzahn, Auburn's head coach.
Representatives from the University of Alabama and Auburn did not respond to ABC News' request for comment.
While Trump won the state of Alabama by nearly 30 points in the 2016 elections, Democrats are hoping their candidate, Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, can pull off an upset in the wake of allegations of sexual misconduct against Republican nominee Roy Moore, a former judge.
Moore faces multiple allegations of sexual misconduct with women when they were in their teens and they were in their 30s. Moore has denied the allegations.
“Roy Moore's disgraceful actions make them unfit for public service. Alabama voters have a chance to stand up for moral values on Tuesday, and as Coach Saban says, ‘Character is what you do when no one else is watching,'” American Bridge President Bradley Beychock said in a statement released Monday.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A serial transit bandit testified in a special hearing that he's commandeered trains 5,000 times since their lifelong passion erupted at the tender age of 15 — when they were first arrested.
Darius McCollum, who has been busted over 30 times for illegally driving buses and trains in the city, took the witness stand in a special hearing to determine whether they are a danger to society and what kind of facility they will be committed to at their sentencing.
McCollum, who has Asperger's syndrome, took a plea deal in January to their most recent bust, for stealing a Greyhound bus, on the condition that they would indefinitely be committed to a psychiatric facility.
Brooklyn prosecutor Janet Gleeson asked, “How many times have you taken [MTA] trains in your life without permission or authority?”
McCollum responded, “Probably a couple of thousand times,” noting they often wore MTA uniforms that he'd gotten from retired transit worker pals.
McCollum said if you factored in their hundreds of joyrides on LIRR, Amtrak and Metro North trains they had manned the controls some 5,000 times —despite no formal training.
They said their unofficial education in train operation started when they were just 12 and older MTA workers gave them pointers.
The transportation fanatic admitted that they knew they were risking the lives of Greyhound passengers when they drove them during a 2015 snow storm but said they did it anyway because, “They were shorthanded on staff.”
Gleeson pressed, “The only reason you drove those buses is because Greyhound was short that day?”
McCollum answered, “That would be affirmative. Yes.”
The 52-year-old also admitted to having forged ID's for many of the transportation companies and agencies and said they bought fake CIA and Homeland Security badges that they would flash when people got suspicious.
“On the most recent time you drove a Greyhound bus in the snow did you ever consider the fact you should not be driving a huge bus with passengers in that weather?” Gleeson asked.
see also Meet New York's beloved mass transit bandit New York's subway system drives many of us crazy, but...
They answered, “I had to convince myself that I could do it. So I'm going to say that I had to get it done.”
Gleeson pressed, “What were you thinking when you were driving passengers in inclement weather?”
“I was concerned for the passengers to get them to the destination they had to go to,” McCollum plainly stated.
McCollum testified that they felt “important” when they were operating the trains and buses and said despite the risk of arrest they continued because, “It was my hobby and my passion.”
McCollum's lawyer, Sally Butler, who began their cross-examination of them Wednesday afternoon said, “I am trying to get the judge to see the people who have Asperger's don't belong in a locked up facility.”
The hearing will continue on June 8.
Salt Lake City, Utah (AP) – Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr. has died.
Huntsman's assistant Pam Bailey confirmed they died Friday in Salt Lake City. They were 80.
Bailey declined to name a cause of death.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairperson of Huntsman Corp., a $13 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products.
They also founded the Huntsman Cancer Institute in Salt Lake City.
The research center is dedicated to finding a cure through human genetics.
Huntsman had nine children, including Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and a former Utah governor and presidential candidate.
The elder Huntsman served as a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and was a major force in Utah and national politics.
This was the mess left behind by a travelling community after their eviction from a children's park.
The travellers had taken over the park on Crankwood Road in Leigh last week, damaging the gates to enter and setting up on a patch of land just behind a play area.
Bailiffs swiftly attended the site last Monday to serve an eviction notice, and a council team arrived on Wednesday to carry out the eviction.
But despite the short occupation, the land has been left ruined, leaving a large section of the park unusable during the school summer holidays.
The land now looks more akin to a bog than a park, with its entrance churned up into mud and sludge and bags of rubbish strewn across the field.
A council spokesperson confirmed the site had been cleaned and tidied over the weekend, and that more work would be carried out once the land had dried.
Paul Barton, assistant director for environment, said: “Protecting our land and greenspaces is a top priority for us.
“Our new policy for dealing with unauthorised encampments allows us to take action quickly to move groups from our land and our teams are always on hand ready to clean-up.
“In each instance we also look if there's any further measures we can take to protect the site in the long-term.”
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — A person who was critically injured in a crash Friday night in North Minneapolis has died.
The crash at Lyndale and Plymouth Avenues just before 9:30 p.m. Friday briefly caused a power outage in the area when one of the vehicles crashed into an electrical box nearby. Police say the victim was an Uber driver, though it's not clear if the car was being used for ride-sharing at the time of the crash.
Police arrested 42-year-old Emery Jarris Winford that night under suspicion of criminal vehicular operation and driving while intoxicated. Investigators say speed and alcohol may have been a factor in the crash.
One other person was injured in the incident.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
4:15 Roy Cooper sworn in as NC governor minutes after midnight
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
11:06 Cooper on HB2: 'Today, the legislature had the chance to do the right thing for NC and they failed'
4:57 HB2 repeal deal - what happened?
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Rep. Cummings Blasts Republicans for Zero Oversight on Trump 1:45 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Congressional Republicans Tuesday pushed back on calls for an independent probe into the chain of events that led to Michael Flynn's stunning late-night resignation as National Security Adviser.
Flynn's departure Monday night followed revelations that they had misled senior administration officials, including Vice President Mike Pence, about the substance of their pre-inauguration conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., Sergey Kislyak, and that the Justice Department had informed the White House that they could be subject to blackmail from Russia.
Congressional Democrats want a broader probe into the matter, while Republicans are insisting that the Senate is already equipped to examine the complete account of their departure.
"We have standing committees in the Senate that have all the appropriate clearances to do the investigations," said Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, the second-highest ranking Republican in the Senate. "We'll follow the investigation wherever it leads."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Michael Flynn resigns as President Trump's national security adviser 2:48 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Both Democrats and Republicans in Congress are demanding more answers and a more complete account about what the White House knew about those conversations and when — but the scope and breadth of their desired inquiries differ.
The FBI and the Senate Intelligence Committee had already opened separate investigations into Russia's interference in the U.S. election — and the Senate investigation could become much broader, members say, to include the circumstances surrounding Flynn.
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Missouri, a member of leadership and of the Intelligence Committee said "we're well on the way to looking at those issues and I think this will easily fit into that investigation."
Related: Flynn Resigns as National Security Adviser Over Talks With Russia
"I'd like to know, did they just do this as a rogue, General Flynn just decided to call the Russians up one day and say we're gonna have a different view on sanctions don't worry about it, or did it come from somebody else in the White House?" asked Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C.
Democrats Call for Independent Investigation
Democrats were on the offensive Tuesday as both House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer called for an independent investigation that would have authority to prosecute criminal activity to look into the issue.
"The truth and consequences of the Russia connection: the American people deserve to know the full extent of Russia's financial, personal and political grip on President Trump and what that means for our national security," Pelosi said in a statement.
And Schumer said that any investigation conducted by the FBI that is coordinated with the Department of Justice should not include its new attorney general, Jeff Sessions.
"I expect Attorney General Sessions to recuse themselves and make sure that independent thorough investigation proceeds," Schumer said, pointing to Justice Department regulations that says an employee cannot have a personal relationship with the person or entity it is investigating.
After intelligence officials revealed Russian interference in the U.S. elections in December, Republican leaders of the House and the Senate agreed to allow respective committees to investigate, but they dismissed calls by Democrats and a few Republicans for an independent outside committee to be formed to conduct the oversight. Similar calls are now being revived.
Republicans Say the Congressional Oversight is Enough
Vice President Pence joined Senate Republicans for lunch Tuesday on Capitol Hill where they briefly walked through what happened with Flynn, Republican senators said.
But calls remain among the GOP for a more robust and independent investigation have not been heeded by leaders of a Republican-controlled Congress that is reluctant to investigate its president and administration.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell told MSNBC's Joe Scarborough in an interview to air Wednesday that there should not be a select or independent committee.
"We know how to do our work. We have an Intelligence Committee. Over on the Judiciary Committee, (Sen.) Lindsey Graham has a subcommittee that's gonna take a look at it. I don't think we need to set up a special committee," McConnell said. "But we are looking into Russian involvement in the U.S. election. That's a significant issue. We know there was messing around."
House Speaker Paul Ryan would only say that President Donald Trump made the right decision by asking for the resignation.
"You cannot have a national security adviser misleading the vice president and others. So I think the president was right to ask for their resignation. And I believe it was the right thing to do," Ryan said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Ryan: Trump 'Made the Right Decision' to Ask for Flynn's Resignation 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Republicans indicated that the Senate is well-equipped to ask questions without having to set up a separate entity with its own budget and staff to solely focus on the issue.
"There needs to be a full investigation on all angles relative to nefarious activities that were taking place with Russia beginning in March but even going back before that time," said Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tennesee, and chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio added: "I can tell you that the Senate Intelligence Committee is conducting a bipartisan investigation, as we should, on Russian interference on our election and post-election and we're going to go wherever the truth leads us."
Related: Flynn's Departure Raises More Questions Than It Answers
Rep. Jason Chaffetz, chair of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee said their committee won't look into Flynn, telling reporters that the Intelligence Committees are better suited.
"That situation has taken care of itself - (the) Intel committee has looked at hacking issue previously," Chaffetz said.
Frustration Growing
Frustration with the administration continues, especially among Republican lawmakers who want to focus on legislation but are blindsided by executive decisions or are forced to respond and focus their communications strategy on responding to the White House on administrative and ethics problems.
Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, and head of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said in a statement that Flynn's resignation is "a troubling indication of dysfunction" for the administration.
"We need to look at the whole issue … our relationship with Russia and how certain things happened the way they did," McCain told reporters.
And Sen. John Thune, R-S.D., said that they expect the administration to answer their questions.
"I think it's important air it out and I think it's happening," Thune said. "But in the meantime I want to keep us focused."
When asked if they had any indication of the problems surrounding Flynn, Blunt, a member of the intelligence committee, said, "I certainly wasn't kept informed."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Google Plus
Embed Chuck Todd on Michael Flynn resignation: 'It's not the crime, it's the cover-up' 1:00 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Concerns over the administration's ties to Russia had previously existed. Calls have emerged for the transcripts of Flynn's phone conversations with the Russian ambassador Kislyak before Trump was inaugurated to be released. Corker said, "I don't know why that would be harmful."
Some key Republicans shied away from any criticisms, however, and said that the future of the National Security Council is more important than the past several weeks.
House Intelligence Committee chairperson Devin Nunes said in a short statement that Flynn served "with distinction."
"The President needs a National Security Advisor whom they can trust and I defer to them to decide who best fills that role," they said.
And their counterpart in the Senate, Sen. Richard Burr, R-North Carolina, who is leading an investigation into Russian involvement into U.S. elections, praised Flynn.
"Washington, D.C. can be a rough town for honorable people, and Flynn — who has always been a soldier, not a politician — deserves America's gratitude and respect for dedicating so much of their life to strengthening our national security. I thank them for their many years of distinguished service," Burr said.
Getty Images Federal Reserve Board Chairwoman Janet Yellen will likely hold their last press conference on Wednesday.
Inflation is well below the Fed's 2% target and barely stirring. Yet Federal Reserve officials have insisted they intend to raise interest rates on Wednesday.
What gives?
The answer is that the central bank's goal with interest-rate policy is to engineer “moderately” tighter financial conditions, said Ethan Harris, global economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
The Fed hopes that raising the yield curve will create a modest restraint on growth, allowing the expansion to continue at a steady pace without overheating.
So far, the Fed's gradual rate hikes have failed to tighten conditions. The stock market continues to routinely set records, and the 10-year Treasury yield is virtually unchanged after the Fed has increased interest rates four times.
Goldman Sachs
Far from causing a rethink, the absence of a market response will “embolden” the Fed to hike more, Harris said.
New York Fed President William Dudley has repeatedly warned the Fed would raise rates at a faster clip if financial conditions did not tighten as desired.
Read: Fed's Dudley shows no signs of wavering from support for December interest-rate hike
“All else equal, an easing of financial conditions may warrant a somewhat steeper policy rate path,” Dudley said.
Federal Reserve officials will meet Tuesday and Wednesday to set monetary policy. Markets see a rate hike as a done deal.
At 2 p.m. Eastern on Wednesday, the Fed will release a policy statement, revised economic forecasts and “dot plot” projections of future rate hikes. Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen will hold what is likely to be their final press conference at 2:30 p.m. Eastern.
Vincent Reinhart, chief economist at Standish Mellon, said low inflation would allow the Fed to justify standing pat.
But scarred from the financial crisis, the Fed wants to combat market overshooting, they said.
“They know that financial excesses are costly,” they said.
Reinhart said current policy is not dissimilar to the steady quarter-point rate hikes seen from 2004-2006. The only thing missing is the phrase “measured pace,” they said.
Beginning in the summer of 2004, the Fed raised its short-term rate target from 1.25% to 5.25% in 17 straight quarter-point moves. But the policy failed to trigger tighter financial conditions, Harris noted.
See: Jobs data keeps Fed on gradual rate-hike path
The Fed is now projecting three rate hikes next year. Some analysts think the Fed could bump its projections to four moves next year but most think the central bank will wait for any dramatic signals until after Jerome Powell is confirmed by the Senate as the next chairperson.
“Ultimately, we think the proposed [Republican] tax cut will be enough to move the median FOMC fed funds forecast for 2018 up from three rate hikes to four, but that forecast adjustment can wait until next quarter,” said Lou Crandall, chief economist at Wrightson ICAP, in a note to clients.
In a speech late last month, Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan, a centrist on the Fed's policy committee, highlighted that potential financial imbalances were a main factor leading them to support a December rate hike. They noted that the stock market has now gone 12 months without a 3% decline.
Fed doves want the central bank to use bank supervision tools to tighten financial conditions.
Many analysts say the so-called yield curve may flatten and could cause the Fed to abort its rate-hike cycle. The yield curve is a line plotting the yields across Treasury maturities from the shortest dated to the longest, and can reflect investor expectations for growth and inflation. An inverted yield curve is widely considered a precursor to a recession.
But Harris thinks this time is different. Several technical factors, including the Fed's bond buying, have altered the measure.
See: Why the yield curve may invert even if the Fed sees inflation pick up
“With strong growth, and strength across asset markets, the Fed is likely to view low bond yields as just another sign of easy financial conditions. Why would they assume the bond market is right about weak growth and every other market is wrong?” they asked.
Two people died after a home collapsed in North Carolina because of flooding and mudslides, wbtv.com reported.
The Boone Police Department confirmed that two people were inside the Watauga County home that collapsed Wednesday in Boone, N.C., according to wspa.com.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Video from Hickory Nut Gorge Brewery in Chimney Rock, NC shows the raging Rocky Broad River after heavy rains Tuesday, May 29, 2018. Several areas of western NC have reported flooding and mudslides as a result of heavy rain over the past 15 days. Hickory Nut Gorge Brewery
The collapse, which rescuers responded to about 5 p.m., is believed to have been caused by the severe weather in the area, wcnc.com reported.
Four to 7 inches of rain fell in the 24-hour period ending Wednesday morning, adding to ground already saturated by two weeks of rain that totaled 10 to 20 inches in parts of the mountains.
The police reported that an Urban Search and Rescue team from Asheville has been helping first responders, according to wataugademocrat.com.
"People in North Carolina need to continue to take these conditions seriously, because they are proving deadly," Gov. Roy Cooper said at a press briefing Wednesday afternoon.
The governor declared a state of emergency for North Carolina's mountain counties Wednesday.
The Welsh Government is in “close contact” with a multi-national company over potential job losses at its Flintshire site.
Senedd officials are said to be in discussions with Kimberly Clark over its plans to restructure its workforce announced last month.
The American company announced that as part of efforts to streamline the business, up to 10 manufacturing plants would be closed or sold.
As a result, up to 5,500 jobs could be lost, accounting for around 12 to 13 per cent of current personnel.
About 200 staff are employed at the company's dual mill site in Flint but as yet no further details have been released in terms of potential impact to the Flintshire location.
Hannah Blythyn, Labour AM for Delyn, sought reassurance from Welsh Government that they would support the Aber Road plant and workforce.
They said: “I've raised Kimberly- Clark in Flint with the cabinet secretary for economy and infrastructure and have received assurances that the Welsh Government is in close contact with the company.
“The Flintshire site is one of the most successful plants and the Welsh Government is committed to continuing to support the site to go from strength to strength.”
The Flint mill is part of the company's consumer business and is the home of Huggies baby wipes.
Constructed in 1982, the plant was originally a producer of feminine hygiene products.
In 2003, it benefited from an investment of £40 million for the manufacture of baby wipes and in 2015 a further £28m was invested to convert capabilities for wet wipes.
The company's Coleshill mill, on the same site, was constructed in 1991 and officially opened by the Queen.
Folded and rolled bathroom tissue and wiper products for professional customers are made on site.
A Kimberly Clark spokesperson said: “The company is not providing specifics on the status of any of our production facilities or the proposed job reductions, beyond what is detailed in our press release, until final decisions are made and announced.
“The timing of those announcements will be determined by the needs of the business and appropriate consultation and/or negotiations with unions, works councils and other labour stakeholders.”
In its statement, Kimberly Clark said its savings programme “is expected to broadly impact all of the company's business segments and organisations in each major geography.”
In brief: Honda is planning to enter the electric vehicle market with revolutionary technologies that could potentially usher in EV mass adoption. The plan includes a new line of EVs built with high-capacity batteries that can be charged fully in 15 minutes.
A BOLD PROMISE
Until very recently, manufacturing electric vehicles (EVs) didn't seem to be the priority at Honda. In fact, the Japanese carmaker has been dubbed the world's largest internal combustion engine (ICE) manufacturer. The veteran car manufacturer, which has previously focused on developing hydrogen fuel cars, now has two EVs in the works, both slated for a 2018 roll-out.
Joining the EV race at a point in which most carmakers already have their own electric cars — including Japanese rivals Toyota and Nissan — Honda seems intent on making their vehicles stand out. Earlier this year, the company presented a dynamic charging system meant to give EVs near unlimited range.
Now, according to an exclusive from the Nikkei Asian Review, Honda is developing EVs that can charge in just 15 minutes. These EVs would supposedly have high-capacity batteries capable of handling such ultra-fast charging.
FAST CHARGING EVS
Nikkei reports that Honda plans to launch their new line of EVs in 2022, each with a range of 240km from a single 15-minute charge. This is a significant improvement, considering how today's EV chargers work. Some, like Tesla's network of Superchargers, can recharge EVs to 80 percent in 20 to 40 minutes. Meanwhile, others fully charge EVs in three to four hours, while slower charging points take around six to eight hours.
These longer charging times taking more time than refueling petrol and diesel cars have become one of the roadblocks to the mass adoption of EVs. Honda's supercharging technology, coupled with their dynamic charging system, could potentially change the EV game.
The success of Honda's plans, however, still depends on how fast other carmakers can improve the battery and charging systems in their respective EVs. Given Honda's current timetable, there's a lot that can happen in five years, and a 15-minute charging time might already become an industry standard by then. Nevertheless, Honda's goal is a promising one. The carmaker is also planning to release EVs in Europe by 2019 and in Japan the year after.
"Honda Claims Its 2022 Electric Vehicles Can Charge in 15 Minutes" was originally published by Futurism, LLC on Nov. 27, 2017 by Dom Galeon. Copyright 2017. Futurism, LLC. All rights reserved.
Haley Parks thought they missed watching the Philadelphia Eagles play against the New England Patriots in the Super Bowl after waking up from surgery to get their wisdom teeth removed. Them mother recorded the entire conversation, assuring their daughter that they did not miss the Super Bowl, and that they still had time to give the the Eagles a "pre-talk" if they wanted. Super Bowl LII is this Sunday on NBC.
Sometimes it pays to have a silly video of yourself go viral on social media.
Haley Parks, the Rutgers University junior who thought they missed the Super Bowl after coming out of dental surgery, is headed to Minneapolis to see their Eagles take on the Patriots.
Haley's father, Bob, posted a hilarious video of them coming down from anesthesia to Facebook on Tuesday and it took off like wildfire online.
In the video, Haley, on the verge of tears, stops their mother mid-sentence to ask whether they had missed Super Bowl LII. Them mother assured them that they were only out of pocket for about 30 minutes.
The Eagles shared the video to their Facebook page on Friday with the note, "Hey Haley, we've got two tickets waiting for you in Minnesota."
See Larger
Photo credit: Facebook
When NBC10 reached Haley, a Williamstown, New Jersey native, by phone a few hours later, they were rushing back to college in New Brunswick to quickly pack for the sub-zero weather in Minnesota.
Bob, meanwhile, is looking up flights to the Bold North. He'll be taking that second ticket.
Haley was sitting in a restaurant when they saw the post and said they "literally started screaming" over it.
She's not sure where the seats are, but said, "I'll take any seat. I just want to be in there.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A church in West Reading where people can have “a fantastic experience while worshipping” could scoop a Pride of Reading Award after being nominated for its community work.
The LifeSpring Church, in Oxford Road, could clinch the Volunteer of the Year Award after being put forward by an anonymous well-wisher, who said: “The volunteers at LifeSpring Church deserve to win because they are always giving and are so passionate about Jesus.
“The volunteers give so much time and effort so that those in the community can have a fantastic experience while worshipping.
“LifeSpring has made a positive impact to those who visit church from the community by providing emotional and spiritual support.”
The church first opened in 1979, and moved to the former Riley's Snooker Hall site, now called The Pavilion, in 2013.
On being told of LifeSpring's Pride of Reading nomination, pastor Neville Hollands, 60, said: “I feel amazed, proud, [and] pleased that, to someone at least, we have made, or are making, a significant contribution to the local community.
(Image: UGC TMS)
“We try not to be a church which simply gathers to worship on Sundays inside The Pavilion, so to hear that we are touching lives inside and outside is very encouraging, because that is our intention.”
On what makes them most proud about the church's community involvement, Mr Hollands, who has been pastor at LifeSpring for some 30 years, said: “I'm proud of the dedication and service members of LifeSpring give the community.
“Most serve in a voluntary capacity, whether that be running a toddlers' group or AA, helping those involved with addiction, street pastoring on Friday and Saturday nights until 3.30am, helping at our community café, or with children's and youth groups – which are all open to anyone who would like to come.”
The church also runs the weekly Listening Post - a free drop-in on Tuesday mornings that provides a one-to-one confidential listening service for anyone feeling alone or worried.
And LifeSpring takes part in the night shelter ‘bed for a night' project run each year by Reading churches in January and February.
“Seven churches open up their premises for one night each week, providing homeless people with a hot meal and bed and breakfast,” explained Mr Holland.
To find out more about LifeSpring Church, go to www.lifespringchurch.co.uk
The Volunteer/s of the Year Award is sponsored by AB Walker .
Make your nomination
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
To nominate a person or business for one of these awards all you need to do is fill out the form below and wait for our reporter to be in touch.
If you can't see the form click here.
By MARTHA McCLAIN
Special to the PRESS
Laguna Vista officials were unanimous in their opposition to Senate Bill 2113 during their meeting Tuesday.
The bill, introduced into the State Legislature by Sen. Eddie Lucio Jr., could have initiated a plan to study the consolidation of public schools in Cameron County into one county-wide district.
Lucio withdrew the bill following a blaze of opposition from educators and administrators who could have been affected. Schools potentially threated included Point Isabel Independent School District and those from Los Fresnos, Rio Hondo, San Benito, Brownsville, Harlingen and Brownville.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
As U.S. bitcoin futures soared in their debut on Monday, the price of the cryptocurrency itself surged back toward a big level it touched late last week.
As of early Monday, bitcoin futures expiring in January XBTF8, +0.00% were changing hands at $17,740 after rising as high as $18,850, according to Cboe Global Market Inc.'s exchange, which provides prices with a 10-minute delay. That compares to a debut level for the futures contract of $15,000 on Sunday. Bitcoin futures expiring in March XBTH8, +0.00% XBTH8, +0.00% were changing hands at $19,100, according to Cboe.
Meanwhile, the price of one bitcoin BTCUSD, +13.81% recently was changing hands at $16,543.07, a jump of 10%, according to CoinDesk. It has traded as high as $16,773 intraday, bringing the cryptocurrency closer to $17,000, a milestone that it first topped on Thursday.
Trading of bitcoin futures on Cboe began Sunday at 6 p.m. Eastern Time, a launch that was accompanied by heavy traffic and a sharp move higher. That volatility triggered two circuit breakers — a two-minute halt after a 10% price jump not too long after trading began, and then a five-minute halt a few hours later, after a 20% price surge.
The provider's website also saw outages due to a rush of traffic. On Twitter, Cboe said over 800 contracts traded in the first two hours of the futures launch.
Orderly trading on all @Cboe exchanges continues, and intermittent website delays have had no impact on trading activity. — Cboe (@CBOE) December 11, 2017
Nobody was quite sure what would happen when the futures markets opened on Sunday night. What we know now: The #Bitcoin price is relatively stable while Cboe website crashed! pic.twitter.com/c7pAhhnl2a — Holger Zschaepitz (@Schuldensuehner) December 10, 2017
Read: All you need to know about trading bitcoin futures
The Cboe's larger rival, CME Group Inc., plans to introduce its own bitcoin futures on Dec. 18.
No bets against bitcoin
Even despite the “many warnings of a bubble that will burst soon,” few professional traders are willing so far to place a bet against the cryptocurrency, Hussein Sayed, chief market strategist at FXTM, told clients in a note on Monday.
“Many traders aren't even interested in the price direction, but the listing of the futures contract on CBOE and later next week on the CME, will provide them an arbitrage trading opportunity due to the vast pricing differences,” they said. Arbitrage is the simultaneous buying and selling of an asset to profit from the difference in price.
Plus: Cryptocurrency novices are asking, ‘Should I buy bitcoin?' Read this first...
The kickoff for futures “effectively marks the next evolution of the cryptocurrency world,” said Chris Weston, chief market strategist with IG, in a note. However, there might be a limited number of participants, they added.
“Given the initial margin required when trading ‘real' futures, participation here will really only attract high net worth or professionals,” Weston said.
Read: Brokers say bitcoin futures contracts ignore risks
Getty
Steve Belichick, Bill Belichick's oldest son, is a member of the New England Patriots' coaching staff, a former college lacrosse player, and the married father of a young daughter.
Stephen Belichick's younger brother, Brian Belichick, has now joined the Belichick coaching squad for the team. That means that three Belichicks are part of the coaching team as the Patriots take the field against the Philadelphia Eagles. Bill Belichick's sons and their daughter, Amanda, are all children of Bill Belichick and their ex-wife and high school sweetheart, Debby Belichick.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Steve Has Coached for the Patriots for Six Years & Says They Has ‘Always Wanted to Be Around Football'
Steve Belichick has been a safeties coach for the Patriots for two years after spending four years as a coaching assistant.
They told WEEI that they couldn't imagine doing anything else. “I have always wanted to be around football,” they said to the radio station. “I still to this day couldn't see myself doing anything else. I think about that all the time, like what else could I do? I don't know. I love football. I love it. I have always wanted to do it.”
Added Belichick to WEEI: “I have a lot of favorite parts. Studying the film, learning the game and just dealing with people. There are a lot of really cool people that I get to meet and interact with in the football world that I don't think any other profession would provide me. I love the people and the personalities in football. It is great.”
So much for sibling rivalry. Brian Belichick, the youngest child of New England Patriots' Coach Bill Belichick, now also holds a coaching position on the team, joining their older brother and father on the football field. That's perfectly fine with Steve, who has praised their brother.
According to The Providence Journal, Brian Belichick has risen steadily through the ranks of pro football, and, this year, they were promoted “to coaching assistant where they worked with the defensive coaches.”
“I'm much a much better athlete than them so it's no problem. But yeah, they are, he's really smart,” Steve said to the Providence Journal. “He's such an analytical thinker. They almost hurts themselves because he's an over thinker at times. They break it down so small, it's so impressive. It's really impressive to watch them and the stuff they come up with. He's really smart.”
NBC noted that Brian's advancement within the Patriots organization means that there are now three Belichicks on the team's coaching staff. “Brian shifted from the scouting side of things to the coaching side this offseason, officially bringing together all three Belichicks on the same coaching staff,” the network reported.
2. Steve Belichick Is the Oldest Son of Debby Belichick, Bill's Ex-Wife
Good luck to scouting assistant Brian Belichick'11 and the entire @Patriots organization as they head to Super Bowl LI. #suffieldforlife pic.twitter.com/e3qlPOFuL8 — Suffield Academy (@SuffieldAcademy) January 29, 2017
Steve Belichick is one of the three children that Bill Belichick had with their ex-wife and high school sweetheart, Debby. According to the Boston Globe, Debby and Bill Belichick met in high school. They have three children: Amanda, Stephen, and Brian. In 2007, The Boston Globe reported that Bill and their then-wife, Debby, had purchased “a $4.6 million lot” in Nantucket. Stephen is the oldest brother.
After their divorce, Debby, along with a female friend, opened The Art of Tile & Stone, “a new tile store in Wellesley that offers everything from design to installation of new stone,” reported The Boston Herald.
Bill Belichick's net worth is reportedly about $35 million, but the family has not been without its share of turmoil. The Belichick marriage deteriorated into scandal. According to Boston.com, “the husband of a former New York Giants receptionist alleged in a divorce case that their wife had been involved for several years with Belichick and had received hundreds of thousands of dollars of support from him. Belichick never publicly addressed the matter, which was resolved without them appearing in court.” Bill Belichick currently has a long-time girlfriend named Linda Holliday.
3. Stephen Belichick Played Lacrosse in College & Is Married to Wife Jennifer
All of the Belichick children are involved in athletics. Stephen Belichick was a lacrosse player in college who played against Patriots' wide receiver Chris Hogan.
“I saw a couple of their (Hogan's) games when they played against Rutgers when they played against Stephen,” Bill Belichick said, according to The Post Game. “Stephen actually covered him. One of those was a downpour, one of the worst I've ever seen. The game actually had to be stopped.”
Steve Belichick is married to wife, Jennifer. In 2017, the couple had a child, daughter Blakely Rose Belichick. According to NBC Sports, Jennifer Belichick also “attended Rutgers and played lacrosse.” According to the Boston Herald, the couple married in 2017 at the Siasconset Union Chapel, with the former Jennifer Schmitt wearing a “couture original by Boston designer David Josef.”
You can see the couple's registry here. Bill Belichick was ecstatic about their new granddaughter. “We have a roster addition to announce this morning, a little different that the usual one, with the emphasis on little,” Belichick said to reporters. “We can add newborn Blakely Rose to the depth chart. They were born this morning to my son Steve and the real MVP Jen, so this this is a happy and exciting day for all of us and with that we'll move onto the Steelers.”
“I know what I want to do,” Stephen Belichick told NBC. “This [coaching] is what I want to do. But it's not all about me. I have a daughter now which has changed my life. I can't be selfish and just worry about myself.”
4. Bill Belichick Says It's Been Great to ‘Experience Things' With Their Sons Steve & Brian
Bill Belichick has spoken with emotion about how much they enjoy having both of their sons Steve and Brian at their side when they coach the Patriots.
“It's been a great experience to be able to come in every day and just experience things with them,” Bill Belichick said at Super Bowl Opening Night. “You experience them with other people on your staff, too, but it's great to have your kids involved. I think it's been good for all of us.”
There can be a downside to fame, though. Stephen Belichick has discussed how hard the media attention can be on their family overall.
“I don't know if anyone will understand what those headlines in newspapers really do to families,” Stephen Belichick has said. “It's hard, obviously, everyone in the NFL signs up for these jobs and understands the pressures. But some things are more necessary than others…One thing I've learned from my dad is we don't do it for the media, we do it because we love it. We don't it for the press conferences, which is maybe why other coaches do it…We've been labeled every word in the book our whole lives; what's another [insult] on the list?”
5. Bill Belichick & Their Sons Have a Pregame Tradition
Bill Belichick and their boys have a pre-game tradition that they try to honor. “The trio also have a pre-game tradition of checking out the field conditions prior to kick-off at visiting stadiums,” reports Boston.com.
ESPN reported that the ritual starts “Shortly after Belichick arrives at a visiting stadium,” explaining that “Steve Belichick, Bill's oldest son, who is finishing their fifth year on staff and first as safeties coach, is always by their side. Sometimes Brian Belichick, Bill's youngest son, in their first season as a full-time personnel assistant, joins them,” ESPN reported.
WASHINGTON (CNNMoney) -- SpaceX rockets may return to flight as early as Sunday, according to the company.
The news comes following an in-depth investigation into the explosion of a rocket from SpaceX's September mission.
The company said in a statement Monday the botched launch was due to a failed pressure vessel in a liquid oxygen tank. The vessel buckled, causing liquid oxygen to accumulate. It believes this led to friction, sparks and the explosion.
SpaceX conducted the investigation along with officials from NASA, the Federal Aviation Authority, the U.S. Air Force and the National Transportation Safety Board.
The Federal Aviation Administration will have to sign off on the report and issue SpaceX a license to launch. SpaceX appears optimistic it will be launching rockets again soon.
To prevent such an incident from happening again, SpaceX will now load its rockets with warmer helium and revert to its older, proven method of loading helium. Down the road, it plans to change the design of its pressure vessels.
SpaceX originally intended to return to space by November. Shortly after the investigation begin, CEO Elon Musk called it the most difficult and complex failure of the company's 14-year existence.
The company has drawn praise for its low-cost rockets and wowed spectators by landing rockets on a platform at sea. However, the company has also been dogged by mishaps, such as this fall's explosion.
SpaceX holds a NASA contact to carry U.S. astronauts to the International Space Station, but for now, it plans to catch up on delayed launches.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Robert Michael Fink, 52, of Rock Springs died Wednesday, October 4, 2017 in West Jordan, Utah after a sudden illness.
They were born February 17, 1965 in Denver, Colorado, the son of Robert Fink and Mary Horton Fink. They married Ruby Delgado May 26, 2002 in Denver.
Bob loved to fish and they enjoyed NASCAR and NHRA, and their most favorite was football. They were a die hard Bronco fan.
They were a wonderful husband, brother, and outstanding father. They were a dedicated coworker at North American of Rock Springs and Franks International.
Bob was a treasured friend and was liked by many. R.I.P. my love as heaven gained another Angel.
Survivors include their wife Ruby Fink of Rock Springs; mother Mary Bontrager of Phoenix, AZ; son Tyler Barkofske and wife Rachel of Denver; sisters Ann fink of Denver and Deanna Beachy of Indiana; and 3 grandchildren.
They were preceded in death by their father Robert Fink, grandparents, a cousin, and an uncle.
A Celebration of Life will be held at 11:00 a.m. Saturday, October 14, 2017 at the Victory Christian Fellowship, 591 Broadway, Rock Springs.
Condolences for family can be left at www.foxfh.com.
I'll sign in later
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
Floyd Mayweather on Twitter shoots down fight rumor
Floyd Mayweather Jr. went on Twitter Tuesday to shoot down a rumor that they are close to reaching an agreement to fight Conor McGregor.
Here's the note sent from Mayweather's account:
A report from The Sun that circulated on Tuesday said the two sides had agreed on a deal but were waiting on a third party that's holding things up (likely the UFC). The speculation was kicked into a new gear when Stephen A. Smith said the fight was very close to happening.
Long seen as a publicity ploy from both sides to generate buzz, it now seems that a crossover boxing match is very much a possibility. McGregor facing Mayweather in their first career professional boxing fight sure would be a big stretch for him.
All eastbound lanes of State Route 905 have been closed near Picador Blvd. due to a person threatening to jump from the Picador pedestrian bridge, San Diego police confirmed.
Police closed the freeway after 8 p.m. Saturday, and officials say they expect the situation to last several hours.
An emergency negotiation team is enroute.
The westbound lanes are still open.
WASHINGTON – President Trump, who is skilled at exercising their fingers on their cellphone, told kids about the importance of putting down their electronics and picking up sports.
Sweating on the practice field will build patience, integrity, teamwork and “social skills,” Trump told young people Wednesday at a White House fitness event.
Then the president paused and asked the crowd whether they have such qualities.
“Do I have social skills?” Trump quipped. “I don't know.”
“I have social media that's for sure,” Trump said, referring to their heavy daily dose of tweeting. ”I don't know about skill, but I have a lot of media!”
The gathering at the White House with about 250 young athletes, coaches and parents was designed to boost youth sports participation, which has been on the decline, according to the White House.
Trump appointed several former pro athletes to lead their Council on Sport, Fitness, and Nutrition, including former Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera.
Trump gushed that Rivera was one of the greatest pitchers of all time and pondered whether they ever got bored of winning. Rivera shook their head “no.”
Trump then quizzed Rivera about how they were able to break so many bats with their pitches.
“Exactly how do you do that? Can you explain that please?” Trump said.
“There's one explanation,” Rivera said. “That was a pitch from heaven.”
Trump wasn't buying it.
“It's called talent,” Trump told the kids.
Tobias Enrique Carrero, a partner in the MIami Marlins from Venezuela, during an interview posted on YouTube in 2012. They were revealed as the person who set up the British Virgin Islands company the Marlins are using to claim international status in a dispute with Miami-Dade County. YouTube
Nekesa Mumbi Moody, The Associated Press Jan 2, 2017
NEW YORK — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.” Them representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
Shit happens ð© Have a happy and healthy new year everybody!ð Here's to making more headlines in 2017 ð pic.twitter.com/0Td8se57jr — Mariah Carey (@MariahCarey) January 1, 2017
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set them up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and they flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when they got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that their earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavouring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for their rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
the 2018 Golden Globe nominations have been released and some big names in Black Film and Television are up for some pretty big awards. The Jordan Peele film “Get Out” was nominated for “Best Picture – Comedy or Musical.” Many believe that the film should have been in the drama category being that racism isn't “funny” but they got the nod nonetheless. Denzel Washington gets a nod for their role as “Roman J. Israel, Esq” for Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama. Daniel Kaluuya will give a stiff challenge in the Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy for their role in “Get Out.”
Also Read: Jordan Peele Gives Their Commentary On The Craziest ‘Get Out' Fan Theories
R&B singer Mary J. Blige gets a nomination in their amazing role as “Florence Jackson,” a mother of a son who goes off to fight in World War II, only to come back to a country full of racism in the Netflix film “Mudbound.” Octavia Spencer was also nominated for their role in the film “The Shape of Water”
WATCH: Mary J Blige Says Them Personal Pain Helped Them Role In Mudbound
In the world of Television both “Black-ish” and “This Is Us” were nominated for Best Television Series – Drama & Comedy. Anthony Anderson and Sterling K. Brown were both nominated Best Actor for their roles in both shows. Issa Rae gets a nod for their role in the HBO hit series “Insecure.” See the full list below!
Best Picture – Drama:
“Call Me by Your Name”
“Dunkirk”
“The Post”
“The Shape of Water”
“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Best Picture – Comedy or Musical:
“The Disaster Artist”
“Get Out”
“The Greatest Showman”
“I, Tonya”
“Lady Bird”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Drama:
Timothée Chalamet, “Call Me by Your Name”
Daniel Day-Lewis, “Phantom Thread”
Tom Hanks, “The Post”
Gary Oldman, “Darkest Hour”
Denzel Washington, “Roman J. Israel, Esq.”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Drama:
Jessica Chastain, “Molly's Game”
Sally Hawkins, “The Shape of Water”
Frances McDormand, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Meryl Streep, “The Post”
Michelle Williams, “All the Money in the World”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Steve Carell, “Battle of the Sexes”
Ansel Elgort, “Baby Driver”
James Franco, “The Disaster Artist”
Hugh Jackman, “The Greatest Showman”
Daniel Kaluuya, “Get Out”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy:
Judi Dench, “Victoria & Abdul”
Helen Mirren, “The Leisure Seeker”
Margot Robbie, “I, Tonya”
Saoirse Ronan, “Lady Bird”
Emma Stone, “Battle of the Sexes”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Willem Dafoe, “The Florida Project”
Armie Hammer, “Call Me by Your Name”
Richard Jenkins, “The Shape of Water”
Christopher Plummer, “All the Money in the World”
Sam Rockwell, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Motion Picture:
Mary J. Blige, “Mudbound”
Hong Chau, “Downsizing”
Allison Janney, “I, Tonya”
Laurie Metcalf, “Lady Bird”
Octavia Spencer, “The Shape of Water”
Best Animated Film:
“The Boss Baby”
“The Breadwinner”
“Coco”
“Ferdinand”
“Loving Vincent”
Best Director – Motion Picture:
Guillermo del Toro, “The Shape of Water”
Martin McDonagh, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Christopher Nolan, “Dunkirk”
Ridley Scott, “All The Money in the World”
Steven Spielberg, “The Post”
Best Screenplay – Motion Picture:
Guillermo Del Toro, Vanessa Taylor, “The Shape of Water”
Greta Gerwig, “Lady Bird”
Liz Hannah, Josh Singer, “The Post”
Martin McDonagh, “Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
Aaron Sorkin, “Molly's Game”
Best Original Score – Motion Picture:
“Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri”
“The Shape of Water”
“Phantom Thread”
“The Post”
“Dunkirk”
Best Original Song – Motion Picture
“Home,” Ferdinand
“Mighty River,” Mudbound
“Remember Me,” Coco
“The Star,” The Star
“This Is Me,” The Greatest Showman
Best Motion Picture – Foreign Language
“A Fantastic Woman”
“First They Killed My Father”
“In the Fade”
“Loveless”
“The Square”
Best Television Series – Drama:
“The Crown”
“Game of Thrones”
“The Handmaid's Tale”
“Stranger Things”
“This is Us”
Best Television Series – Comedy:
“Black-ish”
“The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”
“Master of None”
“SMILF”
“Will & Grace”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Drama:
Jason Bateman, “Ozark”
Sterling K. Brown, “This is Us”
Freddie Highmore, “The Good Doctor”
Bob Odenkirk, “Better Call Saul”
Liev Schreiber, “Ray Donovan”
RELATED: “This Is Us” Guys Land A Spot On People's 2017 Sexiest Man Alive List
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Drama:
Caitriona Balfe, “Outlander”
Claire Foy, “The Crown”
Maggie Gyllenhaal, “The Deuce”
Katherine Langford, “13 Reasons Why”
Elisabeth Moss, “The Handmaid's Tale”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Anthony Anderson, “Black-ish”
Aziz Ansari, “Master of None”
Kevin Bacon, “I Love Dick”
William H. Macy, “Shameless”
Eric McCormack, “Will and Grace”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series – Musical or Comedy:
Pamela Adlon, “Better Things”
Alison Brie, “Glow”
Rachel Brosnahan, “The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel”
Issa Rae, “Insecure”
Frankie Shaw, “SMILF”
RELATED: Mary J. Blige, Issa Rae, And More Score NAACP Image Awards Nominations
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
“Big Little Lies”
“Fargo”
“Feud: Bette and Joan”
“The Sinner”
“Top of the Lake: China Girl”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Robert De Niro, “The Wizard of Lies”
Jude Law, “The Young Pope”
Kyle MacLachlan, “Twin Peaks”
Ewan McGregor, “Fargo”
Geoffrey Rush, “Genius”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Jessica Biel, “The Sinner”
Nicole Kidman, “Big Little Lies”
Jessica Lange, “Feud: Bette and Joan”
Susan Sarandon, “Feud: Bette and Joan”
Reese Witherspoon, “Big Little Lies”
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
David Harbour, “Stranger Things”
Alfred Molina, “Feud”
Christian Slater, “Mr. Robot”
Alexander Skarsgard, “Big Little Lies”
David Thewlis, “Fargo”
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Series, Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television:
Laura Dern, “Big Little Lies”
Ann Dowd, “The Handmaid's Tale”
Chrissy Metz, “This is Us”
Michelle Pfeiffer, “The Wizard of Lies”
Shailene Woodley, “Big Little Lies”
Local law enforcement paid their respects Friday afternoon to Gary McCormack, the Greene County Sheriff's deputy killed in the line of duty on this day 10 years ago.
On Oct. 6, 2007, McCormack was responding to a separate motor vehicle accident when their patrol car was struck by another vehicle. 32 years of age at the time, McCormack had been with the sheriff's office for four months. They previously served seven years as patrol sergeant for the Republic Police Department.
Friday afternoon, law enforcement gathered for a memorial in front of the Greene County Judicial Courts Facility next to the Peace Officers Monument, which bears the names of other fallen officers.
A YOUNG WOMAN at the centre of a high-profile rape trial at Belfast Crown Court today denied “watering down” their knowledge of Ulster rugby and its players.
The 21-year old student has spent the last two days giving evidence from behind a screen, where they denied being attracted to celebrities.
Ireland and Ulster player Paddy Jackson (26) and their teammate Stuart Olding (24) are accused of raping the woman in the bedroom of Jackson's south Belfast home in June 2016. Jackson is facing an additional charge of sexual assault. The pair deny all the charges.
The court was played a video consisting of CCTV footage taken from various locations at Ollie's nightclub in the early hours of Tuesday 28 June 2016.
The woman and their friends attended the club as they were out celebrating the end of exams, whilst also in the same club were both Jackson and a group of friends, and also members of the Northern Ireland football team.
The woman, who was 19 at the time of the alleged sex attack, has already told the court that they have no interest in Ulster Rugby and has never been to a game. They have also revealed that around six months prior to the alleged incident, they have briefly met Jackson in a Belfast pub where they were working as a promotions girl.
The CCTV from Ollie's was played and included footage from the VIP section, where the woman was seen socialising close to several Northern Ireland players.
Jackson, Olding and two other co-defendants – Blane McIlroy (26) and 25-year old Rory Harrison – were also partying at the same nightclub.
After leaving the club, the woman got into a taxi and went back to Jackson's Oakleigh Park home for an after-party. In attendance were the woman, three other females they didn't know, and the four men currently standing trial.
The woman claimed that after consensually kissing Jackson, they were then raped by both them and Olding, from Ardenlee Street.
They also claimed McIlroy also entered the room naked and with their penis out, and at this point their fight instinct kicked in and they fled.
McIlroy, from Royal Lodge Road in Belfast, has been charged with exposing their genitals, while Harrison (25) from Manse Road, has been charged with perverting the course of justice, and withholding information. Both men deny the charges.
Under cross-examination by Jackson's barrister Brendan Kelly QC, the woman was asked about Ollie's. Reiterating the fact they had no interest in rugby, when they were asked whether they knew Jackson and other Ulster players were in the VIP area that night, they replied: “Not to my knowledge, no.”
They added: “We didn't go into the VIP area with the intention of meeting a rugby player, if that's what you're insinuating.”
They also denied suggestions they had downplayed their knowledge of Ulster rugby players.
In the aftermath of the alleged rape, the woman exchanged several text and WhatsApp messages with friends.
Kelly QC read some of the texts to the court and jury. One of the woman's friends advised in a text “just pretend you don't know they are from rugby” and “pretend you have never seen them before”.
When asked by Kelly “Have you watered down either your following of rugby or your knowledge of the people who play?”, they answered:
Not at all. Mr Kelly, those words are not my words. I have no control over what my friend said. I have not watered down anything.
Kelly then asked them if they had been planning to attend an after-party with members of the Northern Ireland football team, as they were talking to some players in Ollie's.
The barrister asked them “were you attracted to celebrities at the time?”, to which they replied: “No, I didn't even know who those people were.” When asked “But you knew who Paddy Jackson was?” they responded: “I knew their name, yes, and I knew what they looked like, yes.”
The trial is due to resume next Monday.
Comments have been closed for legal reasons.
By Abby Hassler
A federal judge dropped Taylor Swift from the complaint in a suit filed by radio host David Mueller.
Related: Taylor Swift Takes Stand in Trial Vs Former Denver DJ
Mueller sued Swift in 2015, claiming they were fired after false allegations that they groped the singer at an event in 2013. Swift countersued that same year claiming sexual assault and battery.
“Taylor Swift did not act improperly,” Judge William J. Martínez said in United States District Court in Denver, according to the New York Times. Martínez said Mueller offered, “insufficient evidence Miss Taylor Swift acted improperly when they reported an assault they truly believed happened.”
Despite Swift being dropped from the case, the judge allowed the suit to continue against the other two defendants, Swift's mother, Andrew Swift, and Frank Bell (one of Swift's managers). Swift's countersuit will also continue.
Closing arguments are expected today.
Today we're pleased to share a playlist and commentary by Jason Borge, author of the new book Tropical Riffs: Latin America and the Politics of Jazz. In the book, Borge traces how jazz helped forge modern identities and national imaginaries in Latin America during the mid-twentieth century. Borge is Associate Professor of Spanish and Portuguese at the University of Texas, Austin.
Tropical Riffs is not meant to be a survey or formal analysis of Latin jazz or Latin American jazz per se. Rather, it is a cultural and intellectual history of jazz's singular impact in the region from the 1920s until the 1980s, with a focus on Argentina, Brazil, Cuba, and Mexico. My book's central aim is to explain why jazz—or what passed for jazz—resonated so deeply and for so long with such a wide range of Latin American fans, critics, intellectuals, and musicians. It is inevitable that Tropical Riffs would deal with individual artists and recordings, given the region's prominent though somewhat misunderstood place in the complex transnational circuitry of jazz and 20th century popular music generally. The following playlist gives a sampling of the performers and performances that speak to the main issues covered in the book's five chapters.
Chapter 1: La civilizada selva: Latin America and the Jazz Age
Adolfo Aviles Jazz Band, “Blue Skies” (Odeon Nacional, 1927)
Ovaldo Viana e Orquestra Romeu Silva, “O Teu Sapateado” (from the film O Jovem Tataravô, dir. Luiz de Barros, 1936)
Like many other Latin American orchestras of the time, the Adolfo Aviles Jazz Band was basically a multi-purpose dance band, adept at interpreting different musical styles to accompany different dances foxtrots and tangos. “Blue Skies” is a popular Tin Pan Alley tune of the 1920s recorded by, among others, Josephine Baker, a huge star in Latin America in the late 1920s. For many, Baker symbolized the Jazz Age not only in terms of their stylized nègre spectacle and performative derring-do but also by bringing a sense of cosmopolitan danger to local audiences. Baker's fame only increased after they toured several South American cities in 1929. In “O Teu Sapateado,” Ovaldo Viana and the Orquestra Romeu Silva perform in front of a screen filled with images of Baker. Romeu, by the way, was quite familiar with both jazz and Baker, having played with Baker in the early 1930s as well as the clarinetist and soprano saxophonist Booker Pittman, who began their decades-long tenure in Brazil and Argentina as a part of Silva's orchestra.
Chapter 2: Dark Pursuits: Argentina, Race, and Jazz
Oscar Alemán, “Blues del Adios” [Bye Bye Blues] (Odeon Argentina, 1942)
Gato Barbieri, from Jazz is Alive and Well in New York (documentary, 1973)
Astor Piazzolla with Conjunto Electrónico, “Libertango” (French television: Les rendez-vous du dimanche, March 20, 1977)
In the 1920s, 1930s and 1940s, nowhere in Latin America did the passion for jazz rage stronger than in Argentina. Part of the same Parisian milieu as Silva and Baker in the 1930s, the Afro-Argentine guitarist Oscar Alemán was, after Django Reinhardt, probably the most prominent swing guitarist in Europe. Alemán was also a consummate showman and a highly adaptable singer who returned to Buenos Aires as a conquering, semi-authentic, jazz icon—which for most porteño critics and fans normally meant being Black and estadounidense. Gato Barbieri and Astor Piazzolla, like Alemán, achieved fame abroad while wrestling with charged and ambivalent conceptions of jazz (and tango) back home. Barbieri apprenticed as a free jazz player with Don Cherry, then reinvented themselves in the late 1960s as a mestizo revolutionary drawing from an assortment of Andean, Brazilian, and other musical sources, as this clip from a French documentary shows. Piazzolla, meanwhile, focused on “swingifying” tango in stints in Europe, the US, and in Argentina. This recording of “Libertango” shows them in their short-lived fusion format, at a time when they were eager to update themselves in ways that would resonate with international audiences in the 1970s and 1980s.
Chapter 3: The Anxiety of Americanization: Jazz, Samba, and Bossa Nova
Orquesta Típica Pixinguinha-Donga, “Gavião Calçudo” (Parlophone, 1929)
Carlos Lyra, “Influência do Jazz,” from Depois do Carnaval: O Sambalanço de Carlos Lyra (Philips, 1963)
Astrud Gilberto and Stan Getz, “The Girl from Ipanema” (The Hollywood Palace, ABC TV, 1964)
The history of Brazilian popular music of the early to mid-20th century is haunted by the spectre of perceived cultural impurities, often considered synonymous with americanização [Americanization] and jazz in particular. Such fears first came to the fore in the late 1920s with the publication of a series of articles decrying the audible jazz influence of the Orquesta Típica Pixinguinha-Donga, particularly in the Parlophone recordings of the samba-maxixe “Gavião Calçudo” (included here) and Pixinguinha [Alfredo da Rocha Viana Jr.]'s famous composition “Carinhoso.” The anxiety of americanização simmered for several decades, coming to a boil again in the early 1960s with the rise of bossa nova. Tellingly, one of the movement's early hits—Carlos Lyra's “Influência do Jazz”—gave explicit if ambivalent expression to samba's supposed contamination at the hands of jazz. By contrast, US jazz artists like Stan Getz were only too eager to capitalize on bossa's jazz “problem,” often upstaging the bossanovistas in the process, as this television clip reveals.
Chapter 4: The Hazards of Hybridity: Afro-Cuban Jazz, Mambo, and Revolution
Dizzy Gillespie and Their Orchestra, with Chano Pozo, “Manteca” (RCA Victor, 1947)
Pérez Prado and Their Orchestra on The Spike Jones Show, May 1, 1954
Irakere, Live in Concert, March 23, 1979, Capitol Theatre (Passaic, NJ)
When Dizzy Gillespie and the Cuban-born percussionist Luciano “Chano” Pozo made music together shortly after the end of the Second World War, New York City became ground zero both for bebop and “Cubop,” or Afro-Cuban jazz. Most jazz critics and historians now generally acknowledge that the Gillespie-Machito-Pozo sessions (such as this recording of Pozo's composition “Manteca”) signalled the birth of what today is known as Latin jazz. Meanwhile, another jazz-informed, circum-Caribbean hybrid was being born in the nightclubs of Havana and the soundstages of Mexico City. Epitomized (if not created) by the bandleader Dámaso Pérez Prado, mambo was often reduced to caricature in US film and television appearances of the 1950s. In the 1960s, while critics and industry insiders in the United States struggled to come to terms with Afro-Caribbean contributions to transnational popular music, Cuban revolutionary orthodoxy made “jazz” a bad word, in spite of the jazz-like music that continued to be performed on the island. The jazz prohibition would be blown wide open in the 1970s with the rise of the Cuban jazz-fusion supergroup Irakere.
Chapter 5: Liberation, Disenchantment, and the Afterlives of Jazz
Bix Beiderbecke, “Jazz Me Blues” (Matrix, 1927), one of many jazz recordings mentioned in Rayuela (Hopscotch) by Julio Cortázar
Dave Brubeck, “Nostalgia de Mexico,” from Bravo! Brubeck! (Columbia, 1967)
Tino Contreras, “Santo,” from Misa en jazz (Musart, 1966)
Even after the international popularity of jazz went into slow decline beginning in the 1950s, the music, aggressively promoted abroad by the US State Department, continued to captivate Latin American audiences. This was especially true of writers and intellectuals like the Argentine Julio Cortázar, whose landmark novel Rayuela [Hopscotch, 1963] is chock-full of references to jazz and blues, from Jelly Roll Morton and Louis Armstrong to Bix Beiderbecke (included here) and Art Tatum. There were countless musical tributes and quotations as well. In 1966, the Mexican jazz drummer and composer Tino Contreras recorded “Santo,” an unusual homage to Dave Brubeck's “Take Five” and part of Contreras's conceptually ambitious project, Misa en Jazz [Jazz Mass]. As if to return the favor, Brubeck, one of the main jazz ambassadors of the 1960s and 1970s (along with Duke Ellington, Dizzy Gillespie and others), recorded Bravo! Brubeck! live in Mexico in 1967.
Want to learn more about Latin American jazz? Pick up the paperback of Tropical Riffs for 30% off using coupon code E18BORGE on our website.
Partnership Expands Cayan's Genius Presence in the Restaurant Market
BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Cayan, a payment technology company, today announced a new strategic partnership with Aldelo, a leading provider of POS software for the hospitality industry. With this integration, Aldelo is now EMV certified with Cayan, enhancing the partnership and presenting new opportunities for Aldelo's resellers. Aldelo provides an easy-to-use restaurant POS solution and has over 120,000 installations around the world.
The software company's partnership with Cayan will bring Aldelo's network of 400+ dealers more opportunities to provide their merchants with Cayan's powerful payment solution, Genius®. In turn, by enabling Aldelo's resellers to sell Genius Countertop and Genius Handheld, Cayan will effectively expand its portfolio of quick-service, casual and fine-dining restaurants.
"Integrating with Aldelo is a mutually beneficial partnership, as it's providing an opportunity for us to gain a strong foothold in the hospitality industry," said Ken Paull, CRO of Cayan. "Simultaneously, Aldelo's integration with the Genius Platform sets their resellers and restaurant customers up for success now and in the future, allowing one-swipe bar tabs and EMV capabilities."
Given the levels of credit card fraud rapidly increasing in industry areas where EMV adoption has been slow, Aldelo's integration with Cayan's payment technology will better protect restaurants' businesses, while allowing their customers to pay with chip cards and the most popular NFC and QRC schemes emerging, such as Apple Pay. Additionally, Cayan offers industry leading EMV processing times, completing transactions in under 4 seconds. Since Aldelo focuses on various restaurant types, improved EMV transactions result in faster moving lines at QSR's while also leading to faster table turnover at fine-dining restaurant establishments.
Aldelo resellers can quickly and easily get their customers set up with Genius and take advantage of its ability to:
Customize tip suggestions
Process one-swipe bar tabs with rapid EMV transactions
Provide on-screen digital signature capture and online, digital storage and retrieval
Accept mobile, credit, debit and gift card payment types
Remain secure and scalable, ensuring full encryption and tokenization
Future-proof the payment process, allowing customers to stay on top of industry changes
"The Aldelo interface to the Genius platform from Cayan takes advantage of some truly advanced technology between the companies," said Harry Tu, President of Aldelo. "This advanced EMV technology allows us to maintain our industry leading feature set along with secure payment processing for our customers."
About Cayan
Cayan® is a technology company focused on transformative innovations in payments. From simple and reliable payment processing, to fully integrated, multichannel customer engagement platforms, Cayan is continuously developing new ways to unlock the power of payments. Cayan's platforms include their Cayan® Unified Commerce Solution Suite™ and Genius® Platform -- both are secure and scalable platforms that are fully configurable, tailored to a business' unique needs and easy to implement. Headquartered in Boston, the company has multiple offices in the United States and Belfast, Northern Ireland. Cayan is one of the world's fastest growing payment companies. For more information, visit www.cayan.com.
EMV is a registered trademark in the U.S. and other countries, and is an unregistered trademark in other countries, owned by EMVCo.
About Aldelo, L.P.
Aldelo has helped tens of thousands of restaurants manage their point of sale and store operations more effectively over the years. With over 120,000 installations and over 400+ independent channel partners around the world, Aldelo has both the experience and resources to handle Restaurant POS automation projects of any size.
Our advanced Restaurant POS solution is low cost, feature rich and easy to use. Features such as 100% touch operated POS, multilingual user interface, gift card management, frequent diner program, house accounts, VIP discounts, reservations, waiting list, guest paging, Caller ID, MapPoint integration, labor scheduling, time card tracking, recipe control, inventory management, integrated credit card processing and much more are all standard in our core application Aldelo POS.
Regions Bank, Wilson County Promotions, Empower Me, the Shriners and Amusements of America teamed to give out the tickets.
Special needs day will be Saturday from 9 a.m. until noon at the James E. Ward Agricultural Center in Lebanon. Select rides will be modified between 10 a.m. and noon to meet the needs of some individuals.
Wednesday is the deadline to register for tickets. Registration forms may be found online at empowermecenter.com. Completed forms can be faxed, mailed or emailed to Empower Me. No phone registrations will be taken.
For additional family members or accompanying medical staff who also wish to attend, tickets may be purchased at the check-in booth. The cost is $12 adults 13 and older, $6 for 6-12 year olds and free for children 5 and younger. Ride stamps will also be available for purchase.
Q: Will the express lanes on Interstate 680 through Walnut Creek be charging tolls on July 4? We're heading to Santa Cruz and hoping to beat traffic.
Evan Hayes
Oakland
A: Yes, express and carpool lane hours are in effect on all midweek holidays. That's 5 a.m. until 8 p.m. on 680 and 580 toll lanes. Tolls may not be as high as on regular commute days, which can reach $9.50 for entire the entire trip.
Like Mr. Roadshow's Facebook page for more questions and answers about Bay Area roads, freeways and commuting.
Q: I recently returned from a National WWII Museum tour of seven European countries. We stayed at Bayeux, France and traveled by bus to Utah and Omaha Beaches, and Sainte-Mere-Eglise in Normandy.
Bob Hughes
San Jose
A: Oh, man, am I envious. I'm a WWII history buff and would love to make this journey. Bob reports that at Sainte-Mère-Église, Pvt. John Steele from the 82nd Airborne (played by Red Buttons in the WWII epic “The Longest Day)” has been remembered by the local population with a dummy hanging from a parachute from the church tower on which they accidentally landed. Steele was caught there but survived. Our Roadshow foreign correspondent added that one of their favorite memories in France was “seeing the American Flag all over the place. They have not forgotten.”
Anything else?
Q: Riding in the bus, I could not help but notice that the highways in France were completely pothole free and there was absolutely zero roadside liter. What do they do that we don't? By the way, the price of petrol was approximately five to six dollars a gallon.
Bob Hughes
A: There's part of your answer.
Q: I just returned from a trip to the North Coast on Highway 1. While many drivers use pull outs to let others pass, some don't. I drive faster than many on these routes, but I do pull over when someone is behind me. Such behavior can cause half-hour or more delays for motorists who don't need to drive that slow.
As I sat in a dozen-vehicle parade behind an RV, I composed some questions that I'm hoping you might provide some insight on.
Related Articles How other states make slow drivers move right: Roadshow
Some radio traffic reports can be confusing: Roadshow
Sticking to 65 mph in fast lane has backers: Roadshow
I-80 Gold Hill rest stop closed until Sept. 21: Roadshow
Brief DMV waits for drivers with out-of-state homes: Roadshow Do these drivers think it is normal to have no one in front of them and several vehicles behind them? When they ignore signs telling slow drivers to use pull outs, what are they thinking? I recall an article a couple of years ago where a young driver who rented an Airstream and drove it up Highway 1 in Big Sur. They said it was just too much bother to pull their rig in to the pull out.
Tom Farrell
Santa Clara
A: If five vehicles or more are being blocked, the road boulder is to pull over when safe to do so. Especially on Highway 1.
Look for Gary Richards at Facebook.com/mr.roadshow or contact them at mrroadshow@bayareanewsgroup.com.
NBC 7's Katia Lopez-Hodoyan reports on a woman who was struck by a vehicle Friday night and is now in a medically induced coma. (Published 2 hours ago)
San Diego County Sheriff's deputies continue to search for the hit-and-run driver responsible for seriously injuring a bicyclist in Encinitas, leaving them in a medically induced coma.
The crash happened on Friday night around 10 p.m. when Stephanie Berger, 29, was riding their bike on North Coast Highway 101 near Basil Street in what is called a sharrow -- a lane designed to be shared by cyclists and drivers.
A Mercedes C series struck Berger and fled the scene, leaving the cyclist with severe head trauma, deputies said.
Berger was rushed to Scripps La Jolla, where doctors put them in a medically induced coma.
Friends and family members have been posting signs in nearby businesses, hoping someone may have additional information that could lead to a license plate.
Tyler Reid, a friend of the victim, says they hope the suspect will turn themselves in.
"Obviously there's probably a lot of shock on both parties, but it doesn't excuse driving away," Reid said. "At some point, you have to turn yourself in, as far as human integrity, you gotta at least admit what you've done and try to make it right so."
Friends told NBC 7 that the victim is showing signs of progress.
The 1993 to 2000 Mercedes C series, either silver or white, has damage to the front grill, officials said.
Cyclists who ride in the area told NBC 7 about the tough conditions on the road: drivers often get dangerously close to bikers.
"You have to be careful as a driver or a rider so, it's been pretty difficult," said Faruk Gole, a cyclist. "I get scared in this area."
If anyone witnessed or has further information about this collision can contact the North Coastal Sheriff's Station Traffic Division. To remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at (888) 580-8477 with information. You may be eligible for up to a $1,000 reward for information leading to a felony arrest.
The Baker Youth and Community Center is proud to announce that the basketball court located on their property located on the property of South 1st Street West and Highway 12 is now open.
By Angel Wyrwas
The Baker Youth and Community Center is proud to announce that the basketball court located on their property located on the property of South 1st Street West and Highway 12 is now open. “We want to give teens a positive activity,” said Pastor Joe Epley, director of the EpiCenter.
“The court is not just for teens though,” continued Pastor Joe. “It is open to the community. Everyone can come down and do something fun.”
The center received a $9000 grant last year from the Gianforte Family Foundation to build the basketball court. “The new basketball court at the Baker Youth and Community Center will provide a much-needed facility for youth in the Baker community, and we're thankful for Joe and everyone else who worked really hard on this project to make it a reality,” said Catherine Koenen, Gianforte Family Foundation Executive Director. “It's so great to see places develop that will provide fun, safe, positive activities for a community, for years to come.”
The center started their local fundraising efforts in May. “It's incredible how many people want to invest in the youth center,” said Pastor Joe. “We are so grateful. It is making a difference in lives and I believe the community can see that. When we asked for donations to complete the project, we said we wanted to give back. And we meant it. Whether it's doing a service project for the business or something like that, we want to give back. Several donors have even taken us up on it.”
Other donors include Baker Metal and Recycling, Spiffy's Wash and Lube, WBI Energy, All 4 U Flowers, J & M Lumber, Angela & Kelly Heiser, 4J Well Service, Thee Body Shop, Baker Body Shop, Griffith Excavating, Wyrick Construction, Diamond J Redi-mix, Sander Rentals and donated in part in Memory of Stan Wagner.
Since it opened, the center has gradually grown in all ways. “Over 40 students came to the center Friday and Saturday each of the past two weeks. Said Pastor Joe. “It's amazing to see them in this environment and enjoying the entertainment that the center provides.”
“We always want to be adding and expanding things at the youth center,” said Pastor Joe. “We are currently starting the grant process for our next project. The plan is to redo the parking lot outside the center to make it safer.”
Stylish pop-rock singer Pink will bring their Beautiful Trauma World Tour 2018 to the BB&T Center in Sunrise on April 25, their first South Florida tour stop in five years.
Tickets go on sale 10 a.m. Friday, Oct. 13, at all Ticketmaster outlets, including Ticketmaster.com and by calling 800-745-3000. A Ticketmaster Verified Fan presale begins at 10 a.m. Tuesday, Oct. 10. Tickets also will be available at the BB&T Center box office 10 a.m. Monday, Oct. 16.
Pink's 40-date North American arena tour, produced by Live Nation, supports the “Beautiful Trauma” (RCA Records) album set for release on Oct. 13. Along with the title track, the album includes the hit “What About Us” and the just-released single “Whatever You Want.” Tickets purchased through Oct. 20 include access to a physical copy of the album.
The singer has had 15 singles in Billboard's Top 10, and “What About Us” is their fifth pop song to hit No. 1, joining “There You Go,” “F--kin' Perfect,” “So What” and the Nate Ruess collaboration “Just Give Me a Reason.” Also hitting No. 1 was their recent duet with Kenny Chesney, “Setting the World on Fire.” The song, their first country chart-topper, got Pink their 18th Grammy nomination (she's won three).
Pink performed in a sold-out BB&T Center in 2013 on their global the Truth About Love Tour, shows that prompted the Los Angeles Times to call them “perhaps the most gifted and imaginative physical performer in pop.”
For more information, visit PinksPage.com or TheBBTCenter.com.
CAPTION SunFest kicked off May 3 in downtown West Palm Beach and will end on May 7. SunFest kicked off May 3 in downtown West Palm Beach and will end on May 7. CAPTION SunFest kicked off May 3 in downtown West Palm Beach and will end on May 7. SunFest kicked off May 3 in downtown West Palm Beach and will end on May 7. CAPTION A look at some of the best weekend music options, from SunFest and Rolling Loud to the Passenger Festival. A look at some of the best weekend music options, from SunFest and Rolling Loud to the Passenger Festival. CAPTION DJ, producer and remixer MK is back in South Florida for Miami Music Week. They say this is their seventh or eighth year attending the event, though the Los Angeles-based house DJ has been performing in Miami since 1993. MK will play four shows this week in Miami before jetting off to California to play a music festival called Beyond Wonderland. SouthFlorida.com interviewed MK in the lobby of Miami Music Week's official hotel, the Delano in Miami Beach, before their first performance of the week, Shiba San x MK at the FDR Delano. That performance is part of a national tour the pair is doing. MK will play at the Cookout pool party at noon, Thursday, March 23, at the W South Beach and at their curated MK + Friends at the Surfcomber pool on Friday, March 24. He'll close out the week at Bardot on Friday night. Click here for more Miami Music Week parties. DJ, producer and remixer MK is back in South Florida for Miami Music Week. They say this is their seventh or eighth year attending the event, though the Los Angeles-based house DJ has been performing in Miami since 1993. MK will play four shows this week in Miami before jetting off to California to play a music festival called Beyond Wonderland. SouthFlorida.com interviewed MK in the lobby of Miami Music Week's official hotel, the Delano in Miami Beach, before their first performance of the week, Shiba San x MK at the FDR Delano. That performance is part of a national tour the pair is doing. MK will play at the Cookout pool party at noon, Thursday, March 23, at the W South Beach and at their curated MK + Friends at the Surfcomber pool on Friday, March 24. He'll close out the week at Bardot on Friday night. Click here for more Miami Music Week parties. CAPTION Talia J. Medina, Barbara Corbellini Duarte, and Belle Herrera discuss fashion for Ultra Music Festival. Talia J. Medina, Barbara Corbellini Duarte, and Belle Herrera discuss fashion for Ultra Music Festival. CAPTION The new monthly web show by singer-songwriter Jim Camacho will debut March 24 on YouTube and iTunes. The new monthly web show by singer-songwriter Jim Camacho will debut March 24 on YouTube and iTunes.
bcrandell@sun-sentinel.com
Banbridge Academy's Young Enterprise team Poppin' was crowned the Young Enterprise Company of the Year 2018 at the prestigious awards ceremony in Belfast City Hall.
An absolutely tremendous accolade for Ms Elliott, Mrs Tully and the team, who have developed a fantastic Company throughout the past academic year.
ACAD Poppin team.
The Year 13 pupils competed during the year in the Young Enterprise NI Company Programme which aims to help young people deepen their understanding of how businesses work, while developing their team-building skills and confidence.
The team of savvy young students from Banbridge Academy, trading as Poppin', and selling ‘Pop Sockets' - small, lightweight expanding grips attach to most smartphones to offer protection against falls, aid grip to allow users to better access applications and take selfies, and act as a useful stand for mobile devices, landed its first major order with a Northern Ireland company, Moy Park, after coming top in their regional heat of the Young Enterprise NI ‘Company Programme' competition. They were also presented with the Company Growth Award.
Commenting on the order, Mr Brian Moreland, Corporate Responsibility Manager, Moy Park said: “We were very impressed with the Poppin' team's business and commercial acumen, creativity and enthusiasm – traits which will stand these students in good stead as they embark on their respective career journeys. Programmes like this are a great way to help young people understand how business works and the role of companies in the community, while helping them appreciate how supply chains work. We are delighted to continue our support of Young Enterprise NI and its initiatives and we wish the Poppin' company every success as they embark on the next stage of the competition.”
The company was very successfully managed by Managing Director Michelle Hamilton who guided the group of Year 13 students through the sometimes difficult and challenging tasks of starting up and running a business.
ACAD Poppin NI Winners - Mr McLoughlin (Principal), Hannah Jordan, Michelle Hamilton, Alex Shields, Hannah Kelso.
“Competing in the Young Enterprise Company Programme has been a fantastic experience and we are grateful to learn from some of NI's most successful businesses. It's been great to find out first- hand what it takes to start and run a company – from carrying out market research and financial planning to devising engagement strategies.”
Following its first successful order, Poppin' were inspired to rise to the challenge and managed to win orders from other local companies; Almac, Mackle Pet Foods, Hampers By Kim and Teachers' Union which has resulted in a very healthy profit as well as gaining numerous invaluable skills that can't be learnt in a classroom. Current sales to date are 3100 Pop Sockets!
Having continued to grow their business through online platforms Poppin' found themselves in attendance at the annual Awards Ceremony at Belfast City Hall where Young Enterprise, with support from Ulster University Business School, staged this prestigious event and crowned the top businesses and individuals who have developed entrepreneurship skills this year.
The elite of Northern Ireland's young entrepreneurs were celebrating reaching this stage as thousands of students took part again this year.
Banbridge Academy's Young Enterprise company Poppin' were absolutely delighted to be crowned Company of the Year 2018 on the evening and received the award from YE Ambassadors Pete Snodden (Cool FM) and Sarah Travers (BBC). A magnificent achievement well done to the whole team!
Banbridge Academy, Ms Elliott and Mrs Tully wish to express their sincere appreciation and thanks to our Business advisors, Derick Wilson (Ulster Bank) and Neil Davey (RANE Digital Marketing).
While students at St. Catherine Elementary School have been celebrating Catholic Schools Week with fun activities each day so far this week, on Wednesday, Jan. 31 they hosted a program with a bit of a heavier meaning.
At 10:30 a.m. students, dressed in their St. Catherine School red polos, gathered in the gym with several veterans and auxiliary members, as well as parents, to deliver a program honoring those who have served in the military.
More information and photos from Catholic Schools Week can be found in the Feb. 2 edition of the Times-Record.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Kansas City's newest little Royals fan has arrived, and some folks in Kansas City had a part in the new baby's name.
FOX 4 first introduced you to Candice Sherman and their family in July when they asked Facebook to help them decide on the order of the Royals-themed names they liked.
Monday night, FOX 4 introduced the metro to Royal Ace Ryder.
They were born at 7 pounds and 15 ounces at St. Lukes Hospital East. The name was picked by Royal's grandma Maria, and was the most popular with folks on social media.
Candice Sherman went into labor at 5 on Monday morning, and let the voting go on right up until they gave birth.
“I am so happy that everybody took the time and opportunity to vote and help us out. We were so indecisive. We knew what we wanted we just didn't know the order,” said Sherman. “I'm just glad that Kansas City took part, and a lot of people were like 'why would you want strange people naming your baby?' It wasn't about strange people naming the baby. We had the names, we just didn't know what order,” said Royal's grandmother Maria Frencher.
The family is happy that baby Royal was born healthy, and hopes they will play for the baseball team after which they were named. Mom, dad, and Royal expect to go home in a couple of days where we're told they have a big brother who's been very much anticipating their little brother's arrival
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
PIQUA — Supporters packed into Edison State Community College's Robinson Theater on March 15 for the 19th annual Charger Athletics Reverse Raffle fundraiser to support Edison State athletics. A crowd of nearly 300 people attended the reverse raffle, which awarded one lucky ticketholder the $10,000 grand prize.
This year's event helped to bring in $19,271.86 for the athletics program through the sale of 330 tickets, a silent auction, and other activities. More than $12,000 in prize money was awarded to winning ticketholders, including the grand prize winner, the aunt of a Charger student-athlete.
“We had a tremendous outpouring of support for this year's event,” said Nate Cole, athletic director at Edison State. “The money we raise through this event helps to offset many of the costs that our athletic teams incur throughout the year. It also provides a lot of opportunities that our student-athletes may not normally have, such as participating in post-season tournaments.”
Nearly 20 additional items were available in a silent auction that were donated by area businesses, community members, and athletic teams, which contributed to the total raised.
“This year's event was one of the most successful events we've had in a while, and we have a lot of people to thank both from the community and right here at Edison State for making it happen,” Cole said. “We have something really great to continue building on.”
Originally known as the Charger 300, the Charger Athletics Reverse Raffle began in 2010 to provide funding for post-season play and to offset expenses beyond the Edison State athletics budget. The need for an annual fundraiser for the athletic department grew from the postseason success of Charger teams winning National Junior College Athletic Association (NJCAA) Region XII titles, District G titles, and moving on to compete at the NJCAA Division III Final Four.
Over the past five years, $95,801.78 raised from previous athletic reverse raffle events have been allocated to support the purchase of student-athletes' uniforms and equipment as well as provide facility upgrades and cover travel expenses associated with postseason play.
Edison State's teams compete in the Ohio Community College Athletic Conference and are members of the National Junior College Athletic Association Division II.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cyclists have been given their own highway code helping them to follow the rules of the road.
The AA has produced the dedicated cycling book, which it believes is the first of its kind, reports The Mirror.
The book contains information relevant to cyclists from the main highway code, as well as advice on purchasing and maintaining bikes and the full national Bikeability cycle training programme syllabus.
The AA was already producing the book was road safety minister Andrew Jones recently told the House of Commons that the Government had “no plans to publish a cycling specific excerpt of the Highway Code”.
It is hoped the new cyclists' highway code will help prevent accidents and incidents involving bikes on the roads.
In Reading, a number of incidents have been documented by YouTube user UpHIllFreewheeler who records their journeys by bile around the town.
One incident resulted in road rage which saw a driver and the cyclist row in Zinzan Street before the motorist chased after UpHillFreewheeler before falling over.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Chris Boardman, policy adviser to British Cycling and a former Olympic gold medal winner, said: “The bicycle is such a simple tool, but one which can improve your health, reduce congestion and make our towns and cities more liveable.
“British Cycling welcomes the AA Cyclist's Highway Code as it should encourage new cyclists and help parents get their children into cycling.”
Carlton Reid, cycling expert and executive editor of BikeBiz magazine, was consulted on the details of the book, which they described as “practical, timely and useful”.
They said: “It's also an indication that more and more people are taking up cycling for transport, for leisure and most definitely for pleasure.”
A survey of AA members found that 21 per cent ride a bike, with one in 10 saying they cycle between one and five miles each week.
Edmund King, the organisation's president, said cyclists and drivers were “often the same people”, adding: “The Highway Code is important whether you are on two wheels or four.
“As a keen cyclist and father of three cycling children, I would urge you to check out this book. Today more than one fifth of AA members regularly cycle and this guide will encourage a new generation to join them.”
The AA Cyclist's Highway Code costs £4.99 and is available from bookshops and online.
fongbeerredhot/ShutterstockIf you're a smoker and you're not yet thinking about quitting, you need to think again. If the fact that smoking ruins your looks isn't reason enough to quit, how about the fact that it could kill you? Smoking can exacerbate diabetes because it raises your blood sugar. Smoking is responsible for nearly half of all liver cancers. And quitting smoking decreases your risk of a cardiovascular disease by 50 percent after just one year. Hey, look, why don't we just agree that “smoking is the leading cause of preventable morbidity and premature mortality worldwide,” which was how an esteemed group of scholars from the United Kingdom introduced the findings of their recent study in the scientific journal Thorax, which demonstrated that undergoing lung cancer screening—in the form of a CT scan—may push smokers to finally kick the habit.
The study, led by researchers at Cardiff University working with the University of Liverpool's Institute of Translational Medicine, King's College London and Queen Mary University of London, added to the already mounting evidence that participating in lung cancer screening significantly increases the rate at which people quit smoking, at least among those already “motivated and receptive” to the idea of quitting. It also confirms the findings of previous trials that a clean bill of health from a lung cancer screening does not falsely reassure smokers or reduce their motivation to stop smoking.
For the study, the researchers sent information packs to a random sampling of nearly 2.5 million British residents ages 50 to 75. The packs included a self-report questionnaire regarding lung cancer risk factors. From the questionnaire responders, 8,729 patients were identified as being at high risk for lung cancer. After they completed a second questionnaire to identify trial eligibility (among other things, people had to be smokers to be eligible) those who got the green light were either invited to participate in screening via CT scan or not, although all of those deemed eligible were offered standard leaflets and other information on how to quit smoking.
Crunching the numbers after following up at two weeks and then again at two years, the researchers found 10 percent of the people who had been screened had quit after two weeks, and 15 percent after two years—both higher than the 5 percent rates found in the group that had not been invited to participate in screening.
Although smokers who quit after their screenings credited the screening with their quitting, the voluntary nature of the trial meant that smokers who took part were “self-selected and may already have been contemplating quitting,” the study authors note. That said, through the questionnaires, those who ended up quitting did have a marginal tendency toward feeling distressed over their smoking, which suggests that “experiencing a degree of concern about lung cancer may be necessary to galvanize cessation.” Future evaluations of CT lung screening would therefore benefit from examining the influence of both mood and smoking-related thoughts and perceptions on quitting outcomes.
For now, the British researchers are confident in concluding that “CT lung cancer screening for high-risk participants offers a teachable moment for smoking cessation” and that for doctors and policymakers who are considering adding lung cancer screening to smoking cessation initiatives, this study adds to evidence suggesting that integrating CT screening with [other anti-smoking] interventions could really help smokers who are motivated to quit.
Interested in quitting? Here are the ways your body heals when you quit the habit. And check out these anecdotes from ex-smokers on how they beat smoking before it beat them, and this expert advice on how to succeed at quitting
We all know that Salman Khan and Katrina Kaif bumped into each other while promoting their movies Tubelight and Jagga Jasoos, respectively at Mehboob studios.
But do you know what happened when Salman Khan entered a room where Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif were already present? Scroll down to know.
Here's What Happened... According to Spotboye, ''Katrina Kaif and Salman Khan caught up with each other at Mehboob Studios where they were promoting their films.'' Ranbir & Katrina Were Giving Interviews ''It so happened that Ranbir Kapoor and Katrina Kaif were giving interviews in Studio No. 8.'' Salman Was Supposed To Promote Tubelight In Studio No. 4. ''Salman, on the other hand, was scheduled to promote Tubelight in Studio No. 4.'' Salman's Manager Informed Him About The Itinerary ''Salman's manager informed the superstar about the itinerary as soon as they arrived at the venue at 5.30 pm. But Salman Landed Up In Studio No. 8 ''However, in a matter of minutes, Salman landed up at Studio No. 8 and barged in as Ranbir and Katrina were conversing with a journalist.'' Ranbir & Katrina Were Shocked To See Salman ''The two were understandably shocked to see Salman there.'' Ranbir Ignored Him Completely While Katrina acknowledged them and continued to answer questions, Ranbir looked away. Irritated By This Salman Yelled At Their Guards Salman turned around and yelled at their guards saying, "Main toh bol hi raha tha yahaan nahin hain mere interviews," and walked out.
Hey Salman & Ranbir, have you heard the saying, 'let bygone be bygones'?
Also Read: HOT SCOOP! Jhanvi Kapoor Desperate To Get In Touch With Ranbir Kapoor; Is They Interested Too?
Las Vegas Metro police said they are investigating a shooting Tuesday afternoon.
Officers responded to the incident at 1:10 p.m. on 28th Street and Cedar Avenue, near Eastern Avenue and Bonanza Road.
According to Officer Larry Hadfield, of Las Vegas Metro police, a man was shot multiple times. They were taken to University Medical Center in unknown condition.
An investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
2016 list of the 60 largest foundations in Mississippi, according to data from 2011-2014, the latest figures available as gathered by the Mississippi Association of Grantmakers.
PALMYRA, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) -
Highlights:
Show will be held on April 18-21, 2017, in KINTEX, Korea
Garlock Global Segment Leader for Food & Pharmaceutical, Stephen Doherty to speak at show conference
Supplying the pharmaceutical industry with sanitary gaskets, in line validation solutions, O-rings, dynamic seals and high purity hoses
The Garlock family of companies -- acknowledged as the leading manufacturer of high-performance fluid sealing products with an emphasis on safely, longevity, and productivity, proudly announces their presence, together with Rubber Fab, at Korea Pharm on April 18-21, 2017, KINTEX, Korea.
Rubber Fab -- a recognized supplier of critical process consumables for the pharmaceutical, bio-processing and food & beverage sectors and Garlock deliver pharmaceutical specific sealing solutions to prevent the major causes of failure in hygienic processing, which could otherwise lead to process contamination. Our innovative and dependable products meet key market needs with excellent chemical resistance, remarkably long service life and performance that guarantee the integrity and reproducibility of the product.
Our world-class solutions include USP Class VI, FDA and 3A-compliant seals, sanitary gaskets, diaphragms, hoses, fittings and specialized validation solutions to cover all critical fluid path applications. We continue to work with operations and maintenance staff, as well as process engineers and equipment designers to develop sealing solutions for static and dynamic applications used in hygienic and aseptic processing applications.
Other than exhibiting at the main convention, our Global Segment Leader for Food & Pharmaceutical Segment -- Stephen Doherty will also be speaking at the show conference where industry members come together to learn about new trends and network with each other. The topic that Stephen will be presenting is "Delivering The Next Generation of PTFE Hygienic Seals for Highly Demanding Applications in Pharmaceutical and Bio-Pharmaceutical Processes" on 20 April 2017, 1.30 to 2.30pm. Stephen said, "I'm very happy to be part of this leading pharmaceutical show in Korea and have the privilege to speak at the conference and meet with many other industry experts. The Asia-Pacific region presents great opportunities right now, and Garlock is very excited about growing our market share in this region. This explains the investment we have been putting in Asia to prepare for this growth."
On display at the show will be a variety of products meant for use in the pharmaceutical industry, including:
Gylon® Bio-Pro Plus™, delivers best in class performance across all critical factors such as compliance, chemical compatibility, sealability, creep and cold flow. Eliminate critical and costly contamination issues often associated with gasket recession or intrusion with hygienic couplings.
Tuf-Steel® is the choice for perfect surface performance, outstanding durability and extended service life. The superior strength eliminates creep and cold flow providing a leak-free seal.
is the choice for perfect surface performance, outstanding durability and extended service life. The superior strength eliminates creep and cold flow providing a leak-free seal. Smart Clamp™, the next generation of sanitary hinge clamps, provides accurate gasket alignment, multiple settings for proper torque, and 360° equal compression to support prefect surface results complying with ASME-BPE seal performance standards.
Sanitary Hose & Hose Assemblies, Rubber Fab offers a variety of rubber hoses in different materials to meet virtually any sanitary hose application. Adhere to quality standards set forth by both the Pharmaceutical and Food Industries.
Garlock will be represented at Booth #8Q210.
For more information, please visit https://www.koreapharm.org/eng/main.asp
Garlock Website: https://www.garlock.com/en
Rubber Fab Website: http://www.rubberfab.com/
About Garlock
Garlock®, an EnPro Industries family of companies, is the global leader in high-performance fluid sealing products for industry and infrastructure. Garlock supplies the pharmaceutical industry with specialized seals and gasketing products designed to maintain cleanliness, traceability and adherence to FDA/USP requirements. In addition, the company is at the forefront of the development of food-grade gaskets and seals that ensure product integrity and consumer safety in the food and beverage/brewing and bottling markets.
About Rubber Fab
Rubber Fab is the leading innovator of high quality sanitary gaskets, hose, hose assemblies, tubing, pump, and filler machine components in a wide range of high purity and metal detectable/x-ray inspectable elastomeric materials. Rubber Fab's metal detectable/x-ray inspectable products have been specifically designed to meet the guidelines set forth by the Food Safety Modernization Act.
Image copyright Mari Buckley / Geograph Image caption Leaflets are being issued telling people what to do to deter the gulls
People visiting the seaside in Gwynedd are being told to guard their food to stop seagulls snatching their chips and ice cream.
Gwynedd Council is issuing leaflets telling people what to do to deter the gulls.
It comes after a school in Porthmadog had to employ the help of a falcon and a hawk to deter seagulls.
The council hopes to educate people on the measures that can be taken to prevent gulls from becoming a nuisance.
As part of the campaign leaflets are being distributed in coastal areas in order to convey the message to local residents and visitors to the area.
They include advice such as "don't drop rubbish or food scraps on the floor", "use bins with lids or take the food waste home" and "don't feed the gulls, and avoid giving them an opportunity to snatch food - be vigilant and keep food close to you".
The council is giving residents tougher gull-proof bin bags, while Caernarfon Town Council has employed a company which uses birds of prey to keep the gulls away from the town centre.
Deputy council leader Dafydd Meurig said: "In a county like Gwynedd where so many of our towns and villages are near the coast, gulls can be a real nuisance.
"I'm pleased that we're raising awareness about the simple measures that everybody can take to help keep the gulls away.
"The advice is simple - if you're eating outside, make sure you place your leftovers and your food waste securely in a bin."
Stephen Hawking, CH, CBE, FRS, Dennis Stanton Avery and Sally Tsui Wong-Avery Director of Research, University of Cambridge as they and Yuri Milner host press conference to announce Breakthrough Starshot, a new space exploration initiative, at One World Observatory on April 12, 2016 in New York City. Just 10 days before their death, Hawking submitted a paper that could lead to the discovery of parallel universes.
Stephen Hawking may have passed away last week, but they left behind a final scientific groundwork that could lead the way to the discovery of parallel universes, according to reports.
Hawking and co-author Thomas Hertog submitted the most recent draft of their paper on March 4, just 10 days before Hawking died Wednesday at 76 years old.
“A Smooth Exit from Eternal Inflation?” was first submitted in July 2017 and can be found in Cornell University's online distribution system for research papers, arxiv.org. It is being considered for publication by a "leading journal," according to the U.K. Times.
The paper discusses a "multiverse" theory of the universe that suggests there are an infinite number of parallel universes in addition to the one we live in, according to the Times. Hawking and Hertog propose an alternate model of the theory.
Their paper also suggests that our universe will eventually die out as stars lose their energy, CNBC reported.
Hawking had never won a Nobel Prize for their studies. Hertog, who works at KU Leuven University in Belgium, told the Times that Hawking "should have won" a Nobel prize with past nominations and "now they never can."
The award isn't given out to scientists posthumously.
A community council has hit out after claiming it was not given enough time to discuss vital proposed changes to GP services.
Plans are under way by NHS Tayside to redraw the catchment area for Broughty Ferry Health Centre.
Changes at the Brown Street clinic could see its catchment area shrink, as well as a suspension on taking on new patients put in place.
Under the proposals, areas in northern parts of the Ferry could be excluded and have to register at clinics in other parts of the city.
NHS Tayside had planned to invite the community council to submit its views on the changes — but sent a letter to a former chairperson instead of existing members.
The community group says this has hampered its chances of properly considering the proposals and representing public opinion on the NHS's plans.
Neil Cooney, communications secretary for the group, said: “It seems a little unfair to have missed out on a chance to comment on the proposals.
“During our last meeting, we discussed the need to have the chance to make our views known.
“It seems that the facility and services shortage worry is turning out exactly as we warned it would.
“And if it leaves older residents, as well as families, in the Ferry needing to use services outwith the area then this needs reviewing.”
An NHS Tayside spokesperson said: “All GP practices have boundaries that define the area in which each practice operates.
“These boundaries evolve over time as local populations and demographics change, and GP practices need to be responsive in appropriately managing capacity issues and changing circumstances whenever it is necessary to do so. NHS Tayside is keen to seek the views of local stakeholders in Broughty Ferry and has advised the local community council that the consultation period has been extended to March 17 in order to allow them time to offer their submission.” Mr Cooney said despite the extension, they still felt it was still not enough time for the group to make decisions on the proposed changes.
Kevin Cordell, Broughty Ferry councillor, has sent a letter to the chief executive of NHS Tayside Lesley McLay to explain the situation.
They said: “I am surprised to hear consideration is being given to changes as important to a community as who is able to register to the local GP service.
“But if this is actively being looked at, then it is vital that the community council has the opportunity to fully explore what the changes are, what they mean in practice and it has the facts to help them engage with their wider community in order to provide a comprehensive response.
“In short, the process has to be as transparent and as inclusive as possible.”
For a program built around a floor-spacing offense and 3-point accuracy, it is jarring to watch Indiana's 3-point slump.
Lately, the Hoosiers' long-range gunners can't throw the ball in the ocean from a boat.
IU has lost that touch from distance, shooting a miserable 25 for 84 on 3s in the last four games – that's 29.8 percent.
Bad shooting is about as foreign in Bloomington as a seagull, and it's driving coach Tom Crean absolutely nuts.
“You know, we've led the country, led the BCS in the last five years in 3-point field goal percentage,” Crean said. “We have been a very, very good shooting team. It doesn't look like that right now. I do not want to be in a panic, but we have to figure out those shots.”
Now comes that shooting backdrop at Williams Arena in Minneapolis, where IU (15-11, 5-8 Big Ten) faces Minnesota (18-7, 6-6) tonight. The raised floor plus a high ceiling gives “The Barn” unusual sightlines.
If the Hoosiers want to snap out of their malaise, they will need to get open looks to fall.
The team's season 3-point percentage is more good than great (38 percent) but at least in the same zip code as IU's 3-point performances from the 2015-16 season (41.6 percent), 2014-15 (40.6 percent), 2012-13 (40.3 percent) and 2011-12 (43.1 percent). Those years established Crean's standard for 3s.
“We shoot every day,” they said. “Haven't done anything different in our time here. We constantly shoot (in practice).”
Over the last two weeks, it hasn't carried over into games.
In that span, IU's two best 3-point marksmen – Robert Johnson and James Blackmon Jr. – are shooting 7 for 34 on 3s. The backup guards in the rotation (Devonte Green and Curtis Jones) are just 1 for 13.
“A lot of it is just not being prepared to shoot before you get the ball,” Johnson said. “A lot of it is not hitting guys on time and on target with passes, and I think it comes as well from confidence in the game.”
Some of the 3-point misses have been open, but plenty are coming on poor looks. Crean echoed Johnson's diagnosis but added a coach's irritation.
“Some of it is ridiculous setups and cuts,” Crean said. “It's just absolute remedial nonsense, and I'm just trying to bite my tongue here, but some of that doesn't make a bit of sense. We still have some very good shooters out there.”
Until or unless Indiana's cold shooting changes, Crean knows the NCAA Tournament is likely an unreachable goal.
“Maybe my shooters are feeling too much pressure,” they said. “But bottom line is we're not making enough jump shots and, again, we've got some guys that aren't close to being healthy, but that doesn't have anything to do with the setups, setting your man up and being ready to knock down shots.”
Connor Bartz, 18, said the brothers began working on this year's sculpture Nov. 18. A dry early winter meant they had to gather snow from neighbors' yards and a church parking lot. Rain on Christmas Day washed away some of the fish's scales, but doesn't seem to have caused any structural damage. The sculpture took about 350 hours to complete and is completely snow.
The sculpture is at 2777 16th St. NW in New Brighton and is illuminated until 11 p.m.
As in years past, the brothers are accepting free-will donations for clean water initiatives. This year's collection goes toward funding clean water operations in the African country of Malawi via One Day's Wages. More information can be found on the Bartz snow sculptures on their Facebook page.
The Pioneer Press is a Forum News Service media partner.
The U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary members of Flotilla 09-06, based in Las Vegas, said they will offer free boat safety checks for the summer months at Lake Mead National Recreational Area, starting May 19.
According to the flotilla, the checks are a part of National Safe Boat Week and members from Flotilla 09-06 will assist boaters to verify that their vessels meet the minimum requirements to operate on Lake Mead.
Doug Bradford, the public affairs officer for Flotilla 09-06, said they will also be looking at safety features such as proper fire extinguishers, pollution prevention devices, navigation lights and the overall condition of the boat.
Boat examinations are free and will take about 10 to 20 minutes, depending on the vessel size, according to Bradford.
Boats that pass inspections will receive a 2018 vessel examination sticker. Vessels that do not pass will be given instructions on what to fix, as well as an invitation for a re-exam, Bradford said.
Throughout the summer, Flotilla 09-06 will hold inspections at the Boulder Beach Boat Ramp from 8 a.m. to 12 p.m. on May 19, June 23, July 28 and August 11, according to Bradford.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
JC Flowers & Co. made a name for itself by investing only in financial companies and eschewing all other industries, but there's one place on Earth where so many bargains abound that the firm is breaking its cardinal rule.
In India, where banks are auctioning off distressed borrowers under the supervision of courts, JC Flowers and its local partner are raising an initial $250 million to take part in the bonanza.
“India is the only country where Flowers is seeking investment opportunities outside the financial services space,” said KM Jayarao, executive vice chairperson of Ambit Flowers Asset Reconstruction Co. “Investors will get to pick up many good assets cheap as banks have to stick to tight deadlines on resolution and don't have much time to maneuver and sometimes have limited alternatives.”
It's bargain season in India, where years of excessive borrowing has created a distressed-asset market that at least one banker describes as the opportunity of a lifetime. The vulture investors are swooping in, and JC Flowers will be competing for deals with the likes of Canada's second-largest pension fund Caisse de depot et placement du Quebec and Bain Capital.
JC Flowers was set up in 1998 by J. Christopher Flowers, 60, who co-founded the financial institutions merger group at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and was ranked among Wall Street's top dealmakers when it came to banks. Globally JC Flowers keeps to the financial services sector; it had raised three funds and had $6 billion in assets under management as of August 2017.
Read: For JC Flowers, Making No Money in 12 Years Is a Win
Mid-sized firms in sectors such as cement, steel or textiles -- with assets on the ground like land and factories and good managements -- would be ideal acquisition targets in India, said Jayarao. The ARC won't consider trading, construction or jewelry firms that typically don't own hard assets, they said.
Sector (calculations by Crisil Ltd.) Number of companies Proportion of top 50 corporate stressed assets Metals 7 30% Construction 17 25% Power 11 15% Other sectors 15 30% Total 50 100%
One of the first things Jayarao would do on acquiring a distressed company would be to cut debt through a mix of discounted payments to banks and new equity capital, and he'd bring in new management if needed. The average size of each purchase would be about $40 million and the ARC would look to exit from the investment within three to five years.
The Ambit Flowers ARC is in talks to top up the fund with more money from overseas investors, which will be used to buy more distressed assets once the initial amount is used up, Jayarao said.
Making Money
Jayarao had helmed India's first stressed-asset recovery team. It was set up by ICICI Bank Ltd. when the Mumbai-based lender struggled with soured debt back in 2000, and then again in 2015. Jayarao had a 35-year banking career with ICICI starting in 1982, and they joined Ambit Flowers in their current role in September 2017.
Business Boost Assets with ARCs rose steadily since 2015 Source: CRISIL
India's bad-loan situation was a murky affair until about two years ago. Since then, there have been a slew of measures to compel banks to resolve all soured loan accounts within 180 days or push debtors into bankruptcy proceedings. While these steps ensure quicker resolution, the strict deadlines mean that banks may be forced to offer deep discounts to dispose off assets -- possibly more than 50 percent.
Moreover, owners of top delinquent firms aren't allowed to bid for the assets, which stands to further depress prices. That's enthused buyers such as Bain Capital, which won the support of Binani Cement Ltd.'s lenders last week as it seeks to take over the insolvent Indian company. Separately, Montreal-based Caisse and other global investors like SSG Capital Management are backing Indian ARCs.
India's new bankruptcy framework “is skewed in favor of buyers,” Jayarao said. “Bankers are looking for protection rather that maximizing the recovery, and special situation funds and ARCs with adequate skill sets will make money.”
— With assistance by Paul Panckhurst
Refrigeration products manufacturer to create 210 new jobs
NASHVILLE — Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam, Department of Economic and Community Development Commissioner Bob Rolfe and Monogram Refrigeration, LLC officials today announced that the company will expand its manufacturing facility in Selmer. Monogram, a leading manufacturer of upscale refrigerators, freezers and other refrigeration products, will invest $9.3 million and create approximately 210 new jobs in McNairy County. The company's manufacturing facility has been located in Selmer since 1986.
“In Tennessee, we strive to make our state the perfect location not only for companies to locate new operations, but for existing companies to expand,” Haslam said. “With our ready-to-work workforce and business-friendly climate, existing companies are able to excel in Tennessee. I thank Monogram, one of our most well-known brands, for reinvesting and expanding in Tennessee and for helping us get one step closer to our goal of making Tennessee the No. 1 location in the Southeast for high quality jobs.”
“I want to thank Monogram for choosing to expand in McNairy County and for creating 210 new jobs in Selmer,” Rolfe said. “Monogram has a long history in Tennessee, and it means a great deal that a company of this magnitude is expanding its operations here and creating even more job opportunities for Tennessee residents. This is a fantastic win for Selmer and McNairy County, a Tier 4 Distressed county, and I appreciate Monogram for its continued investment in Tennessee.”
Monogram is a subsidiary of GE Appliances (GEA), a Haier company, a leading U.S. manufacturer of household appliances.
“The state of Tennessee and McNairy County have been terrific partners. They've worked with Monogram over the years as we've grown our refrigeration business in Selmer,” Raymond Deming, vice president, Monogram Refrigeration Operation, LLC, said. “Now, their continued support will help us bring to Selmer an entirely new product line and create approximately 210 jobs ranging from production associates, skilled trades and professional employees that will take our employment close to 400.”
With this expansion, Monogram will be adding 120,000 square feet to its existing building in Selmer. In addition to a new line of column-style refrigerators and freezers, Monogram will begin manufacturing packaged terminal air conditioners (PTACs), a line of commercial heating and cooling products sold under the Zoneline® brand. Production of the new refrigeration products will begin later this year and production of the new Zoneline air conditioning units will begin in early 2018.
“What a great day for the town of Selmer and McNairy County,” McNairy County Mayor Ronnie Brooks said. “I want to thank GEA-Haier for investing in us. We appreciate the confidence that the company has placed in our county, our economic development team and our great workforce here in McNairy County.”
“This is great news for the town of Selmer and our workforce,” Selmer Mayor John Smith said. “I am very pleased that GEA-Haier is expanding and bringing over 200 quality jobs to the town of Selmer. This is a true testament of the company's confidence with our local team, the State of Tennessee and the leadership at the manufacturing facility in our community.”
“I am thrilled that GEA-Haier has chosen to make this investment in Selmer,” McNairy County Economic Development CEO Eddie Crittendon said. “These 210 jobs will have a huge impact on this community. Monogram has a great team here in Selmer and I am honored that GEA-Haier has chosen to grow with us here in McNairy County.”
“TVA and Pickwick Electric Cooperative congratulate Monogram Refrigeration on its plans to invest and expand operations in Selmer, Tennessee,” TVA Senior Vice President of Economic Development John Bradley said. “We are pleased to partner with the state of Tennessee, McNairy County Economic Development, the City of Selmer and McNairy County officials to help to exist companies like Monogram thrive and add jobs in the community.”
Selmer and McNairy County are represented by Sen. Dolores Gresham (R – Somerville) and Rep. Ron Gant (R – Rossville) in the Tennessee General Assembly.
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround their suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when they tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. They later said they were trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for their love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while they were in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified them as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but they died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given their sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if they were killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune they handled, or that they were the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," they say.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Metrospaces, Inc. ( OTC PINK : MSPC) announces approval of Unanimous Board Resolution of Extending prohibiting any reverse stock splits of its common stock for at least a year.
Mr. Oscar Brito, Company CFO, stated: On Friday April 14th, of 2017, Metrrospaces approved a unanimous board resolution prohibiting any reverse stock splits of its common stock without the majority approval of Independent Shareholders until at least November 28th of 2017. Independent shareholders are defined as any Metrospaces common shareholders not including management, directors or affiliates.
About Metrospaces:
Metrospaces www.metrospaces.net is a publicly traded real estate private equity which acquires land, designs, builds, and develops then resells condominiums and Luxury High-End Hotels, principally in urban areas Latin America. It also invests in companies operating in the real estate industry. The company's current projects are located in Buenos Aires, Argentina, and Caracas, Venezuela. Six years ago Metrospaces shareholders saw a unique opportunity to participate in several exciting property markets around the world. Through their worldwide network of highly recognized real estate entrepreneurs, the company was able to capitalize on unique real estate development opportunities. Since inception the company has leveraged those relationships along with extensive financial expertise and transformed excellence by results.
Metrospaces is a boutique real estate development company, a product of the alliance of Metrospace shareholders, along with an elite group of real estate professionals and entrepreneurs located around the world. Company shareholders have extensive careers in real estate financing worldwide, and have funded projects both in the Americas and across Europe valued in excess of US $450 Million.
Metrospaces' majority shareholders have partnered with Investors on Elite properties including The London BLVGARI 5-Star Hotel, and are currently involved in negotiations for the development of several Elite luxury properties in South America.
Among Metrospace partners are Architects, Real Estate Developers, Agents and Attorneys of the highest standing, with extensive experience in the global property market.
Metrospaces was originally founded by company President Oscar Brito.
Relevant Links: http://metrospaces.net/
http://www.prohotels.com/
http://www.ikal1150.com
Safe Harbor Statement: Statements in this news release may be "forward-looking statements". Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements that express our intentions, beliefs, expectations, strategies, predictions or any other statements relating to our future activities or other future events or conditions. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and are likely to, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this news release and Metrospaces Inc. undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this news release.
www.metrospaces.net
Updated 7.14pm
DIARY RECORDS SHOW that former garda commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan was in London on the day a garda HR executive says they attended a meeting, after which they were told they were “going after” whistleblower Sergeant Maurice McCabe.
John Barrett, the executive director of Human Resources with An Garda Síochána, told the Disclosures Tribunal today that they had a meeting with senior garda civil servant Cyril Dunne and O'Sullivan.
They said they were then asked to stay behind by Dunne, who then told them “we are going after them [McCabe] in the commission”.
Barrett said they believed this meeting happened on 13 May 2015, the day before the O'Higgins Commission sat for the first time to hear evidence. Barrett said they did not make a note of this at the time, which they regretted in hindsight.
Barrett said they appreciated there was confusion in that diary records showed that O'Sullivan was in London on this date.
“That's not confusion, Mr Barrett. You say a meeting took place that Nóirín O'Sullivan couldn't have been at,” said Conor Dignam SC, representing the garda commissioner.
“I understand the conflict,” Barrett said.
In its current module, the Disclosures Tribunal is examining whether unjustified grounds were inappropriately relied upon by former commissioner O'Sullivan to discredit Sergeant McCabe at the O'Higgins Commission of Investigation.
The commission, which sat in private in 2015, investigated complaints made by McCabe about certain policing matters and about serious allegations against senior officers, including former commissioner, Martin Callinan.
Barrett said they had expected that Dunne would also recall the meeting. Dunne denies ever making the comment to Barrett.
Tribunal barrister, Diarmaid McGuinness SC, said that Barrett had arrived at May 13 as the likely date of the meeting by “a process of exclusion”.
Tribunal chairperson Mr Justice Peter Charleton said that in their initial correspondence to the tribunal in April 2017, Barrett had not given a date for the meeting with Dunne. They said that 13 May 2015 “happened to be a very significant date”. The O'Higgins commission held its first hearings the following day.
Questioned by Michael McDowell SC, on behalf of Sergeant McCabe,Barrett said they had not been asked by any investigator at any point about the meeting date until they began their evidence yesterday.
Asked if the conversation had taken place at all, Barrett said: “It is a very clear recollection of a statement being made by my boss to me.”
It jarred with the work that essentially was underway for three months in my office to try and build a bridge to create a new engagement with Sgt McCabe. The work at that point in May was, in my opinion, beginning to show imminent results. I was therefore surprised this would be shared with me.
Barrett said they had a good relationship with Dunne, who was the person who had hired him. They said they had spoken with Chief Superintendent Tony McLoughlin about what Dunne had said to him.
Dignam, on behalf of the garda commissioner, said that Barrett had not made a record of Dunne's alleged comment in detailed minutes they had taken during meetings with Sgt McCabe in 2015 and 2016.
Barrett said they had to keep “a very real Chinese wall” about what their boss said to him. They said their minutes of meetings with Sergeant McCabe were about recording the sergeant's voice accurately as part of a process of building trust.
“I didn't ever appreciate that this issue of the actual timing of the statement would overshadow what was said to me,” Barrett said.
Barrett said they regretted not making a comprehensive note of Dunne's comments, and if they could relive the events, they “would have done it much more formally, protested more formally”.
Apology
In the afternoon, a former garda superintendent apologised for sending a 2011 circular which stated that an internal garda inquiry into allegations of criminality and systemic failures in a local district had vindicated the professionalism of gardaí in the district.
Retired Chief Superintendent Colm Rooney told the Tribunal that they wrote the letter after a meeting in June 2011 with then Assistant Commissioner Derek Byrne, who had just completed an investigation into complaints made by McCabe.
The allegations focused around policing in the Bailieboro garda district in Co Cavan and were investigated by Assistant Commissioner Byrne and Chief Superintendent Terry McGinn.
Rooney said that in June 2011 Assistant Commissioner Byrne came into their office and told them that the allegations made against them by McCabe were not upheld by their investigation.
They said the investigation was now complete and had identified no criminal conduct by any gardaí, the witness said.
As a result of what Byrne further told him, Rooney sent out a circular to garda stations in the Cavan-Monaghan division.
The circular stated that the Byrne McGinn investigation found no systemic failures identified in the management and administration of Bailieboro Garda district and no evidence was found to substantiate alleged breaches of procedure.
Rooney went on to say in the letter: “I would like to congratulate all members who served in Bailieboro. The findings of the Assistant Commissioner vindicate the high standards and professionalism of the District force in Bailieboro.
I appreciate the manner in which the members of the District participated in the investigation, were open and truthful in their account of events surrounding the allegations.
Today, Rooney told the Charleton Tribunal that these views were not a criticism of Sergeant McCabe.
Rooney said that in light of the findings of the O'Higgins commission and of the investigation conducted by Sean Guerin SC, they now believed the views expressed in the July 2011 letter were inappropriate.
“The views expressed in my letter congratulating were not appropriate. My vindication of the high standards was not warranted,” they said.
Their apology was contained in their statement provided to the Disclosures Tribunal last May. Michael McDowell SC, for Sgt McCabe, told the witness that their client was unaware of this until the statement was circulated this week, prior to Rooney's testimony.
McDowell thanked Rooney for the apology. They said the contents of the circular “were generally known and generally accepted even though they are now known to be wrong.”
Rooney said that at the time they sent out the circular it was correct insofar as they were told in their conversation with the assistant commissioner.
Rooney said they asked Byrne if all gardaí fully cooperated with their investigation, and if all gardaí told the truth. They were told they had and asked if they could notify everyone of the results of the investigation.
“I was naturally very happy with what the assistant commissioner told me that there was no criminal activity taking place in my area of responsibility,” Rooney said.
Rooney said that their vindication of high standards and professionalism in the garda district was not warranted in the circumstances, particularly in light of findings by the Guerin review and the O'Higgins Commission of Inquiry.
“I genuinely believed what I was told about the outcome of the Byrne McGinn investigation,” said Rooney, who retired shortly after the circular was sent out.
“Factually correct”
Rooney said that instructions they gave to the garda commissioner's legal team before the O'Higgins commission began hearings were “factually correct”, and they did not instruct anybody to challenge Sgt McCabe at the commission.
Asked about a letter provided by the garda legal team at the commission on 18 May 2015, Rooney said that they could only certify paragraphs relating to themselves and they were not taking responsibility for the complete document.
“All I can say to that is any contribution that I had, it was factually correct,” Rooney said.
Rooney said they could not recall if they were present when Sergeant McCabe gave evidence at the O'Higgins commission. They were on “restricted entry” at the commission, which held private hearings, and was not permitted to attend all sittings.
Rooney said they understood that Sergeant McCabe was dissatisfied with the DPP's directions after they were investigated following an allegation of sexual assault.
Tribunal chairperson Mr Justice Peter Charleton said the DPP's direction in the case was “as close to an exoneration as anyone could get.”
Rooney's evidence was interposed on Friday as they are leaving the country for an extended period. The evidence of John Barrett will resume on Monday.
The tribunal heard that Chief Superintendent Tony McLoughlin had a conversation in either November or December 2017 in which Barrett told them about this “we're going after him” comment, but did not recall any earlier conversations.
The tribunal chairperson said they had “two people who seem to be telling me diametrically opposite things”.
“The truth of the matter is, in and around 13 May 2015 in a conversation with Cyril Dunne as I was about to leave they said to me we are going after them at the commission,” Barrett said. They said some weeks after this they spoke to Chief Superintendent McLoughlin about the conversation.
“But the conversation with Mr Dunne is a reality,” they said.
Prince performs during day 2 of the Coachella Valley Music And Arts Festival held at the Empire Polo Field on April 26, 2008 in Indio, Calif. Kevin Winter / Getty Images, file
An autopsy determined they died of a Fentanyl overdose, but the documents do not indicate if authorities have pinpointed the source of the killer dose of the synthetic opioid. No one has been charged with a crime in connection with Prince's death.
The warrants say that controlled substances were found in bottles all over the Paisley Park complex, often in vitamin bottles. Some were in a suitcase labeled with a Prince alias, Peter Bravestrong.
Several medications were prescribed to Prince under the name of Kirk Johnson, their longtime bodyguard, assistant and personal friend. The doctor who prescribed them said they used Johnson's name “for Prince's privacy,” one warrant says.
While Johnson told investigators they were “unaware Prince was addicted to pain medication,” a detective wrote that it was “reasonable” to think, given their close relationship, that “Johnson would have had knowledge of Prince's abuse of prescription medication.”
Among the other revelations in the warrants:
Prince stopped using a cellphone after being hacked, depending on email and a landline.
They were in a romantic relationship with singer-songwriter Judith Glory Hill from 2014 until their death.
Kaspersky Lab Denies Helping Russian Hack of NSA Contractor
Moscow-based cybersecurity firm Kaspersky Lab has hit back at a report in the Wall Street Journal which accused it of being involved in a Russian government hack of an NSA contractor in 2015.
The paper reported on Thursday that the NSA contractor, a Vietnamese national who was working to create replacements for the hacking tools leaked by Edward Snowden, was hacked on their personal computer after they took their work home.
There, the report says, the contractor's use of Kaspersky's antivirus software "alerted Russian hackers to the presence of files that may have been taken from the NSA." Once the machine was in their sights, the Russian hackers infiltrated it and obtained a significant amount of data, according to the paper.
Calling the allegations "like the script of a C movie," Eugene Kaspersky [pictured here], the infosec firm's founder, gave their own explanation of what might have happened.
Mr Kaspersky vehemently denied that their company had played any active role in the breach, noting: “We never betray the trust that our users put into our hands. If we did that a single time that would be immediately spotted by the industry and our business would be done.”
Instead, they implied that the root of the problem was that Kaspersky Lab had correctly identified the hacking tools the contractor was working on as malware -- perhaps through Kaspersky Lab's own research into the Equation Group, a "sophisticated cyber espionage platform" believed to be linked to the NSA.
From there, Mr. Kaspersky implies, it may be the case that Kaspersky Lab's own data was hacked by the Russian government. “Even though we have an internal security team, and do bug bounties, we can't give 100% guarantee that there are no security issues in our products, name another security software vendor who can!”
Kaspersky's defense is roughly in line with the general consensus among nonaligned information security experts. Matthew Green, a cryptography professor at Johns Hopkins University, wrote : "Consensus on infosec Twitter is that Kaspersky may not have colluded with [the Russian government]; just maybe their product may be horrendously compromised.
"Not quite sure how that's qualitatively different from the point of view of Kaspersky customers. But I guess it's something."
In an unusual move for a technology chief executive, Mr. Kaspersky republished Green's tweet calling their product "horrendously compromised" in their own blogpost.
The hacking incident in question may be the key evidence used in September to drive a US government-wide ban of Kaspersky products.
At the time, the Department of Homeland Security said it "is concerned about the ties between certain Kaspersky officials and Russian intelligence and other government agencies, and requirements under Russian law that allow Russian intelligence agencies to request or compel assistance from Kaspersky and to intercept communications transiting Russian networks."
In an official statement about the allegations, Kaspersky Lab said: "As a private company, Kaspersky Lab does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia, and the only conclusion seems to be that Kaspersky Lab is caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight."
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Kasperky Labs.
Read more on: Cybercrime, Cyberattack, Hackers, Russia, Kaspersky, NSA
Former Sunderland striker, and Ghanaian international, Asamoah Gyan, is among more than 40 players to have been found guilty of having “unethical hair'' under the United Arab Emirates (UAE) Football Association guidelines.
The 31-year-old is on loan at Dubai-based Arabian Gulf League side Al Ahli from Chinese clubside Shanghai SIPG.
In 2012, Saudi Arabia goalkeeper, Waleed Abdullah, was told to cut their “un-Islamic'' hair by the referee before playing for their club side Al Shabab.
The rule bans mohawk-style haircuts.
It is unclear what criteria the UAEFA are basing their guidelines on.
According to Middle Eastern football website Ahdaaf, the law's application can be confusing, as Al Wahda's Suhail Al-Mansoori was told to cut their hair.
In the same breath, UAE international and 2016 Asian footballer of the year Omar Abdulrahman, who sports a similar style, was let off. (NAN)
Share
The annual event, A Capitol Fourth, carries on once again and there is a star-studded lineup on deck to perform at the 4th of July show. For all the details on how to watch A Capitol Fourth online, what time the show airs, who is performing and what channel to watch, read on below.
A CAPITOL FOURTH TIME & DATE: The annual event is held on the 4th of July to celebrate Independence Day. It airs at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT and concludes at 9:30 p.m. ET. There will be a repeat airing of the special immediately following the live broadcast. The show takes place on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol.
A CAPITOL FOURTH TV CHANNEL: The special airs on the PBS channel. Find showtimes for your local station here.
HOW TO WATCH A CAPITOL FOURTH ONLINE: A Capitol Fourth will be streaming live on Facebook, YouTube and the official website, which you can find here. The concert is free and open to the public.
A CAPITOL FOURTH HOST: John Stamos has returned to host the event once again and told WTOP that, “I had such a great time last year, but this year I get to bring my son — and that is gonna be something else. It's their first trip, and they are gonna see their Old Man — right there in D.C., ‘[A] Capitol Fourth', some fireworks. But the best part of being at the ‘Capitol Fourth' last year was just seeing so many people so happy and so together. I love the idea of seeing all of us together, singing and dancing and celebrating being Americans.” Over the last few months, Stamos welcomed their first child with their new wife, so they have a lot to celebrate.
A CAPITOL FOURTH 2018 PERFORMERS: There is a huge list of performers this year and they include Andy Grammer, Jimmy Buffet, CeCe Winans, Pentatonix, The Temptations, Lauren Alaina, Luke Combs, The United States Army Band, The US Army Herald Trumpets, Kyla Jade, John Williams, Chita Rivera, The Broadway Cast of Escape to Margaritaville, Joshua Bell, The US Army Presidential Salute Battery, Patrick Lundy and the Ministers of Music, National Symphony Orchestra, Jack Everly, and Renee Fleming. Also in the lineup are host John Stamos' buddies, The Beach Boys. Beach Boys lead singer Mike Love talked to WTOP about what to expect with the group's performance this year, revealing, “I think ‘Fun, Fun, Fun' is a pretty good one; ‘I Get Around' is another good one. We've got several of them to choose from, so it's just up to the producers what they actually want us to do. We've got a whole bunch of songs we're known for. I think you'll tune in and you'll be pleased. I think you'll hear some familiar sounds from the Beach Boys.”
Love also said that the Beach Boys might incorporate one of the other performers in their act tonight. They dished that, “We've talked to Jimmy Buffett about joining us on ‘Kokomo.' I can't be 100 percent sure until we've actually done it, but the talk is leading in that direction. I think that would be a lot of fun … I think we'll split the leads. We're going to record our version of it and then send it to him, just to give them an idea of where we want them to come in.” This is the second year in a row for The Beach Boys performing at A Capitol Fourth.
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
Oracle Declines on Underwhelming Results
Oracle reported quarterly sales from cloud-computing products and new software licenses that underwhelmed investors, dragging shares down as much as 4.2 percent in extended trading. Bloomberg Intelligence's William Wong reports on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." (Source: Bloomberg)
Bortles' extension takes Jaguars out of Cousins sweepstakes The Kirk Cousins Sweepstakes lost a contestant on Saturday, giving the Jets a little less competition for the free-agent quarterback's services. The Jaguars agreed to a three-year, $54 million extension...
Blake Bortles' face shows how much Brady crushed Jaguars The Jaguars' fairy-tale season came to a crushing end Sunday night in Foxborough, Mass. After an injured Tom Brady led New England to a 24-20 victory over Jacksonville in the...
Jaguars prepare for battle amid Tom Brady hand injury mystery FOXBOROUGH, Mass. — We usually focus on Tom Brady's right arm at this time of year. This time, though, it's just their right hand. The biggest storyline surrounding Sunday's AFC...
Bill Cowher: Where Tom Coughlin could stifle Patriots The Jaguars know the formula and the man behind it, now they just have to figure out some way to execute it in Sunday's AFC Championship game. Tom Coughlin coached...
Meet Blake Bortles' biggest defender It started as a lark. And now it's gone viral. With every playoff win perpetually maligned Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles is a part of — yet fails to receive credit...
Blake Bortles stuns NFL playoffs with Jaguars-Steelers statement PITTSBURGH — The Jacksonville Jaguars, yes those Jacksonville Jaguars, are heading to the AFC championship game. Rookie running back Leonard Fournette ran for 109 yards and three touchdowns, Blake Bortles...
The playoff team that would make Rex Ryan's Jets proud PITTSBURGH — Rex Ryan has seen this script before. Heck, they wrote it. As Jets coach in 2009 and 2010, Ryan's formula for winning four playoff games was to play...
Revamped Steelers get chance for redemption against Jaguars PITTSBURGH — It was one of the most stunning results of the 2017 season and caused double-takes wherever the score was shown. On Oct. 8, the Jaguars beat the Steelers,...
Titans' upset plan: Make Tom Brady 'look like Blake Bortles' Who should be more insulted: Tom Brady or Blake Bortles? Safety Kevin Byard explained what the Titans have to do to stun the Patriots in the AFC Divisional playoffs on...
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of theirs describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," they say.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; they note that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, they say. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" they say.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," they say. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
Doha Film Institute has opened submissions for filmmakers and screenwriters to take part in its Hezayah Screenwriting Lab organized in collaboration with the TorinoFilmLab.
Aimed at nurturing film talent, with a focus on script development, the Hezayah Screenwriting Lab enables participants to broaden their industry relationships, while finding their unique personal voice as film writers. Applications are now open for participants from Qatar and the region, who will be mentored by experts from the TorinoFilmLab.
Applicants will be selected based on the strength of their script idea, writing ability, vision and approach, and previous works. Short-listed candidates will go through a selection process to assess their potential to expand and develop their ideas into interesting and compelling content.
There will be four sessions of four days each at this year's Hezayah Screenwriting Lab, which runs over a period of six months. The first workshop will be held from May 6 to 9, followed by sessions from Aug. 24 to 27, Oct. 26 to 29, and Jan. 11 to 14, 2018.
Fatma Al-Remaihi, CEO of the Doha Film Institute, said: “The Hezayah Screenwriting Lab is an important talent development platform designed to enhance the skills of the creative community, and enable emerging and aspiring filmmakers to develop high quality scripts under the guidance of international experts.
It is a truly transformative experience for participants as they can discuss their projects with script professionals, and develop compelling stories that will make for powerful films. We believe that such initiatives are important for the advancement of the local and regional film and media landscape, as they nurture upcoming talent and support their ambitions of telling stories authentic to their cultures.”
The mentors of the four sessions are Marietta von Hausswolff von Baumgarten and Antoine Le Bos.
Swedish screenwriter Marietta is a member of the Swedish Drama Union and the European Film Academy. Since 2007, they have been connected as a script consultant with TorinoFilmLab, Binger Film Lab and the Venice Biennale College Microbudget Lab.
Le Bos is a French screenwriter and script consultant. After writing and directing award-winning short films and on-stage experiments, they co-wrote the 3D animated series Ratz, and worked in cinema with various directors.
Doha Film Institute has opened submissions for filmmakers and screenwriters to take part in its Hezayah Screenwriting Lab organized in collaboration with the TorinoFilmLab.
Aimed at nurturing film talent, with a focus on script development, the Hezayah Screenwriting Lab enables participants to broaden their industry relationships, while finding their unique personal voice as film writers. Applications are now open for participants from Qatar and the region, who will be mentored by experts from the TorinoFilmLab.
Applicants will be selected based on the strength of their script idea, writing ability, vision and approach, and previous works. Short-listed candidates will go through a selection process to assess their potential to expand and develop their ideas into interesting and compelling content.
There will be four sessions of four days each at this year's Hezayah Screenwriting Lab, which runs over a period of six months. The first workshop will be held from May 6 to 9, followed by sessions from Aug. 24 to 27, Oct. 26 to 29, and Jan. 11 to 14, 2018.
Fatma Al-Remaihi, CEO of the Doha Film Institute, said: “The Hezayah Screenwriting Lab is an important talent development platform designed to enhance the skills of the creative community, and enable emerging and aspiring filmmakers to develop high quality scripts under the guidance of international experts.
It is a truly transformative experience for participants as they can discuss their projects with script professionals, and develop compelling stories that will make for powerful films. We believe that such initiatives are important for the advancement of the local and regional film and media landscape, as they nurture upcoming talent and support their ambitions of telling stories authentic to their cultures.”
The mentors of the four sessions are Marietta von Hausswolff von Baumgarten and Antoine Le Bos.
Swedish screenwriter Marietta is a member of the Swedish Drama Union and the European Film Academy. Since 2007, they have been connected as a script consultant with TorinoFilmLab, Binger Film Lab and the Venice Biennale College Microbudget Lab.
Le Bos is a French screenwriter and script consultant. After writing and directing award-winning short films and on-stage experiments, they co-wrote the 3D animated series Ratz, and worked in cinema with various directors.
Authorities say a man went to a New Haven, Connecticut home to meet their date and was robbed by two suspects. Google Maps
By Kaylee Sullivan
At 68, Essex resident Lynn Coddington is keenly fit, motivated and team-oriented. But that wasn't always the case.
Growing up before the days of Title IX — the 1972 law that mandates gender equity in school sports — organized athletics weren't available. Yet now, she's headed to Hungary, along with three other Essex women, for a dragon boat world championship.
All it took was taking a chance 10 years ago and picking up a paddle with Burlington-based Malia Paddling and Racing Club, they said. The over-40 team is encouraging people to do the same now to fill out their roster before the big race.
“Not only is it good exercise, but you're out on the gorgeous [Lake Champlain] and looking at the Adirondacks, it's beautiful. I can't think of a single negative thing. Unless it's raining,” they joked. “Then maybe it gets a little cold.”
Plus, they said, paddlers are in sync with one another both in and out of the water.
“They're like sisters,” Coddington said.
The team, Malia Mayhem, consists of 30 or so women who train 11 months out of the year. It's a big commitment but a worthy one, Coddington said. Twenty of them paddle at once.
“That's a big thing, learning to be a unit as opposed to being 20 people,” they said.
While some women like Coddington start from scratch, others, like long distance runner Donna Amiot of Essex, come in with a well-developed fitness level and still gain five pounds of muscle in eight weeks.
Lynne Metheny-Leib and Barb Lemmel are Essex's other two representatives.
Besides their own will to learn and improve, the paddlers attribute much of their success to experts Liisa Reimann and Gisela Veve. The two coaches, who founded Malia in 2012, are former world champions and Team USA paddlers and coaches.
Their acute instruction, the paddlers say, is one of the most beneficial aspects of the watersport, which is raced in 200m to 2km distances. Late last month in New Jersey, when the team qualified for worlds with a silver medal at nationals, only two hundredths of a second fell between them and their opponent. That's just how intense these races can get.
To keep up spirits, each team has a drummer situated at the boat's front. For Mayhem, 31-year-old Colchester resident Lisa Campion fills the pressure-prone role.
“You're almost the heart and soul; you're the culture,” Campion said. “You're fostering the winning mentality throughout the race. So even when you can see on your teammates faces that they're tired and they're losing steam, you're the one saying ‘You've got this. Let's go, pick it up.'”
That's exactly what Coddington expects the women are in for as they train for Hungary before next July.
Already, paddlers complete up to three workouts per week on their own. During summer months, they're on the water two days a week, too. In the winter, they endure weekly circuit training and travel to an indoor training pool in Montreal every three weeks.
For the past seven years, Coddington has sat next to the same woman. The pair sits at the front of the boat, acting as pacers. Never did Coddington think this newfound responsibility would land them in Hungary or Hong Kong, where Malia made a previous appearance at worlds.
“The adrenaline and the excitement of it — just to see hundreds of thousands of people, all there to just paddle,” Coddington said. “The whole city is decorated for you; it's pretty amazing.”
Any woman 40 or older, too, can experience the camaraderie, they said.
“If you're looking for a team experience that has inclusiveness, real team spirit and a physical challenge, game on,” Amiot said.
Coddington, however, had another challenge to contend with at first.
“I'm a wee bit afraid of the water,” they said, laughing.
But with the shoreline is in sight during all races, the fear isn't too difficult to quell.
Anyone interested in joining the crew should contact Coach Reimann at liisa@maliaracing.com. Additional age groups for men and women are available.
The questions seem as difficult to answer as it was for opponents to stop some of Magic Johnson's no-look passes.
Will Johnson ultimately remain a Lakers advisor in matters pertaining to the franchise's business and basketball operations? Or will the man that led the Lakers to five NBA championships on the court also be in charge of leading them from above?
Time will tell. But there was no uncertainty on who Johnson would want alongside of him.
“First call I make if I'm in charge? Kobe Bryant,” Johnson said on Tuesday on ESPN's “First Take.” “Because Kobe understands winning. They understand, also, these players. So I would call, ‘What role you want? If you've got a day, just give me that day. I'll take that. Whatever time they have, I want them to come and be a part of it.”
Bryant recently told ESPN Radio that they would love to help the Lakers after retiring this year from a storied 20-year NBA career with five NBA championships and a third-place standing on the league's all-time scoring list. Bryant also met recently with Lakers president Jeanie Buss. Yet, Bryant also emphasized they would prefer to have a behind-the-scenes role. Bryant also has remained busy with overseeing their company, Kobe. Inc, which has delved into multimedia storytelling.
Meanwhile, Johnson said they will devote “150 percent” effort into ensuring the Lakers rebuild after missing the playoffs for the last three seasons and finishing with the worst record in franchise history for the past two.
“It's going to take some time. It's going to take years,” Johnson said. “You have to first get a strategy number one and understand what mistakes we made in the past and own up to the mistake.s We have to hold people accountable. That's what this is all about. If you understand the mistakes in the past, then you have to develop the young players we have.”
Johnson sounded tempered on the Lakers' young core, including second-year guard D'Angelo Russell, third-year forward Julius Randle and rookie forward Brandon Ingram. They praised Russell's talent before reiterating their desire for them to take on a stronger leadership role. Johnson repeated their hope for Randle to develop their right hand. Johnson believes Ingram is “definitely going to be a star” before expressing uncertainty if they will be a “superstar.”
“They have the potential to be a star. We don't know the superstar (part),” Johnson said. “When you start saying ‘Superstar,' that's a whole other level. But we have to wait another year to see that. It's like Steph Curry. They didn't start off being Steph Curry, they developed into this Steph Curry.”
It remains to be seen if Johnson will wait another year on the front office dynamics after expressing plenty of criticism of Lakers executive Jim Buss in recent years amid coaching changes, free agency failures and unproven rosters. On seeking a larger role, Johnson said they “will put that on the table” when they meet with Jim Buss and Lakers general manager Mitch Kupchak next Monday.
Although they stressed the need for the team to have “one message, one team, one voice,” Johnson said they would not intervene between Jim Buss and Lakers co-owner Jeanie Buss. While Jim Buss has overseen the basketball operations and Jeanie Buss has been in charge of business operations, the two have not often communicated with each other.
Yet, Johnson remained adamant their role will yield a net positive.
“If Magic Johnson is in that seat, guys are going to want to come play,” Johnson said. “I know business. I know how to win.”
Johnson argued the same thing about Lakers coach Luke Walton before praising Kupchak and Jim Buss for hiring them last summer.
“Luke is today's players coach,” Johnson said. “He understands the offense they need to run and can bring out the talent of these guys in terms of running that offense. Players want to be in a position where they can win. Luke Walton can put them in that position. Last but not last, he's a gym rat. Luke loves to be in the gym and works guys out.”
Johnson has plans to meet with Walton at some point. They likely will mentor the team's younger players, most notably Russell because of their position. But after going 5-11 as an interim coach in the 1993-94 season, Johnson had no interest in becoming involved with the Lakers' coaching staff.
“I don't mess with on court stuff,” Johnson said. “That's not my role. I hold them accountable. What offense they want to run, he'll run that offense. My job is to judge them on all that, their offense, defense and how they interact with the players. If they want me to come down on the court and work with D'Angelo and our point guards, that's what I'm going to do. Other than that, I'l stay back in the back.”
Johnson then invoked the name of a certain Golden State executive that helped construct both the “Showtime Lakers” and the Bryant-Shaquille O'Neal tandem.
“I'll do what Jerry West did for us,” Johnson said. “Anytime I had a question or I was down, I knew they were waiting for me. They pulled me up in the stands. They said ‘Young man, you need to be doing that, doing this. Thank you Jerry.' I went down on that court and did all those things.”
Contact the writer: mmedina@scng.com
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Itafos (TSX VENTURE:IFOS) ("Itafos") is pleased to announce that it has entered into a subscription agreement (the "Subscription Agreement") with Stonegate Agricom Ltd. ("Stonegate") pursuant to which Itafos, or a wholly owned subsidiary of Itafos, will subscribe for 47,500,000 common shares of Stonegate (the "Stonegate PP Shares") at a price of C$0.02 per Stonegate PP Share for an aggregate subscription amount of C$950,000 (the "Private Placement").
Stonegate, a Toronto Stock Exchange listed issuer engaged in acquiring and developing agricultural nutrient projects, owns the Paris Hills Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in Idaho, United States and the Mantaro Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in Peru. Stonegate intends to use the net proceeds of the Private Placement for permitting at its Paris Hills property, for land concession payments and professional advisory fees associated with the Mantaro property and for general corporate, working capital and administrative purposes.
Itafos is currently a controlling shareholder of Stonegate. As of the date hereof, Itafos beneficially owns, controls and directs, indirectly 154,950,642 common shares of Stonegate, representing 29.6% of the issued and outstanding common shares of Stonegate. Upon completion of the Private Placement, Itafos would beneficially own, control and direct, indirectly 202,450,642 common shares of Stonegate, representing approximately 35.4% of the issued and outstanding common shares of Stonegate. Mr. Brian Zatarain, Itafos' Chief Executive Officer, is a director of Stonegate.
In light of the foregoing, the Private Placement is considered a "related party transaction" under the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange (the "TSXV") and for the purposes of Multilateral Instrument 61-101 - Protection of Minority Security Holders in Special Investments ("MI 61-101"). Itafos is relying on the formal valuation exemption in section 5.5(a) of MI 61-101 and the minority approval exemption in section 5.7(a) of MI 61-101 on the basis that neither the fair market value of the Stonegate PP Shares nor the consideration to be paid for the Stonegate PP Shares exceeds 25% of Itafos' market capitalization.
Additionally, the Private Placement constitutes a reviewable transaction under TSXV Policy 5.3 - Acquisitions and Dispositions of Non-Cash Assets. Accordingly, the completion of the Private Placement will be subject to receipt of TSXV approval.
Closing of the Private Placement is anticipated to occur on or around April 17, 2017. The Stonegate PP Shares will be subject to a statutory hold period of four months plus a day from the date of issuance in accordance with applicable securities laws.
Forward Looking Statements
Certain information contained in this news release constitutes forward looking information. All information other than information of historical fact is forward looking information. The use of any of the words "intends", "anticipate", "plan", "continue", "estimate", "expect", "may", "will", "project", "should", "would", "believe", "predict" and "potential" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking information. This information involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward looking information. No assurance can be given that this information will prove to be correct and such forward looking information included in this news release should not be unduly relied upon. This information speaks only as of the date of this news release. Such forward looking information includes, among other things, statements or information relating to the terms and completion of the Private Placement and any plans in respect of Stonegate's future prospects or activities and its use of the proceeds from the Private Placement.
With respect to forward looking information contained in this news release, assumptions have been made regarding, among other things, the approval of the TSXV in connection with the Private Placement.
Actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward looking information contained in this news release as a result of certain risk factors, including the risk that the necessary regulatory and other approvals required to complete the Private Placement will not be obtained.
The forward looking information included in this news release is expressly qualified by this cautionary statement and is made as of the date of this news release. Itafos does not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward looking information except as required by applicable securities laws.
About Itafos
Itafos (TSX VENTURE:IFOS) is focused on becoming a significant integrated producer of phosphate based fertilizers and related products. Itafos has an experienced team with significant experience in the business of fertilizer operations, management, marketing and finance. Itafos owns and operates the Itafos-Arraias SSP Operations, which consists of an integrated fertilizer producing facility comprised of a phosphate mine, a mill, a beneficiation plant, a sulphuric acid plant, an SSP plant and a granulation plant and related infrastructure located in central Brazil. Itafos' exploration portfolio includes a number of additional projects in Brazil, including the Santana Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in close proximity to the largest fertilizer market of Mato Grosso State and animal feed market of Pará State, and the Araxá Project, a high-grade rare earth elements, niobium and phosphate deposit located in close proximity to two operating mines, therefore benefiting from existing local infrastructure. In addition, Itafos owns an approximate 31.3% interest in GB Minerals Ltd. which owns the Farim Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in Guinea Bissau and an approximate 29.6% interest in Stonegate Agricom Ltd. which owns the Paris Hills Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in Idaho, United States and the Mantaro Project, a high-grade phosphate deposit located in Peru.
Neither the TSXV nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSXV) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
OTTAWA — The man on trial for murdering three women in the Ottawa Valley two years ago told police they killed their three former acquaintances because they were not innocent.
Fifty-nine-year-old Basil Borutski confessed to police in an interview room at the Pembroke OPP detachment the day after the crimes in September 2015.
The video of that confession continued to be played in court Friday as part of Borutski's trial for first degree murder charges in the deaths of 66-year-old Carol Culleton, 36-year-old Anastasia Kuzyk and 48-year-old Nathalie Warmerdam.
Borutski said several times they make a distinction between murder and killing because the Bible does and that murder is killing someone or something that is innocent.
They said the women were guilty of lying about them to police and having them thrown in jail for things they didn't do.
Borutski is representing themselves at the trial but is refusing to participate, sitting in the prisoner's box facing forward with their eyes closed most of the time.
The Canadian Press
DETROIT – Aaron Rodgers threw three of their four touchdown passes in the second half, lifting the Green Bay Packers to an NFC North-winning 31-24 victory over the Detroit Lions on Sunday night.
Detroit's Matthew Stafford connected with Anquan Boldin for a 35-yard touchdown pass with 13 seconds left, but the Packers recovered the onside kick and Rodgers had only to kneel once to seal the victory.
The Packers (10-6) closed the regular season with six straight wins, running the table as Rodgers said they could after losing four straight games midway through the season, to win the division for the fifth time in six years. Like their team, Rodgers has been perfect during the streak with 15 TD passes and no interceptions. They will lead fourth-seeded Green Bay at home Sunday against the fifth-seeded New York Giants in an NFC wild-card game.
Detroit (9-7) dropped its last three games after it had a two-game lead in the NFC North, spoiling its shot at winning a division title for the first time since 1993.
On Friday, U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions fired Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe a little more than a day before they were to retire. Democratic Congressman Jamie Raskin of Maryland calls the move "outrageous." They speak with Amy Morris and Bob Moon on Bloomberg Daybreak.
Running time 04:55
Image copyright PA Image caption The bank said emergency cash of 500 euros (£437) per customer affected would be available.
Ulster Bank is offering emergency cash to customers in the Republic of Ireland who say that money has gone missing from their accounts.
Hundreds of complaints have been posted on social media with some customers claiming that their salaries had "disappeared".
No-one in Northern Ireland has been affected, the bank said on Tuesday.
The bank, the Irish unit of RBS, said some customer transactions made since Friday were not showing on accounts.
It came as the boss of TSB - owned by Spain's Banco Sabadell - apologised for an IT fiasco that has seen customers locked out of their accounts and unable to make payments for four days.
"We are investigating this issue as a matter of urgency and apologise for any inconvenience caused," said an Ulster Bank statement.
"No customer will be left out of pocket as a result of this issue. Emergency cash is available in branch or via telephone."
Customers in the Republic of Ireland said their cards had been declined and some said they had been left with insufficient funds to cover direct debits.
The bank said emergency cash of 500 euros (£437) per customer affected would be available.
In 2012, a computer failure left thousands of customers in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland without funds.
May were unable to withdraw cash or access their accounts after a software upgrade on 19 June. The computer failure affected the entire Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) group, but Ulster Bank took longest to resolve the issue.
Ten weeks after the initial problem, the bank was still warning some customers that their statements might not be correct.
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — A Nebraska lawmaker has proposed adding two additional members to a commission that regulates railroads, landline telephones and pipelines.
Sen. Jim Smith of Papillion told a legislative committee Tuesday their bill would ensure rural Nebraskans are better represented by the Public Service Commission. It would result in five conservative-leaning districts and two liberal-leaning ones.
The measure could have implications for the Keystone XL pipeline because the commission must approve the pipeline's route in Nebraska.
The bill also would reduce commissioners' annual salary from $75,000 to a $150 per diem not to exceed $22,500 a year and allow them to work another job. Former Commissioner Anne Boyle says commissioners already work full-time jobs serving the public and earn their salaries.
All contents © copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved
Tuesday 02-14-17 Jackson Browne – Runnin' on Empty
Jackson Browne was born in Germany where their dad was stationed. When they were 3 years old the family moved to Los Angeles where Jackson grew up. They graduated from High School in 1966 and joined The Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. They left NGDB after a few months, moved to Greenwich Village, New York and became a staff songwriter for Elektra Records. In 68 they moved back to California where they met future Eagle Glenn Frey. In 1971 Jackson signed a record deal with Asylum Records and put out their first album in 72. Inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on March 14, 2004 by Bruce Springsteen.
Some doctors in the La Mesa Medical Plaza are fighting the opening of a medical marijuana at their center. NBC 7's Melissa Adan reports.
The opening of an approved marijuana dispensary at a medical center in La Mesa is facing opposition from doctors and nearby businesses.
A conditional-use permit to open a medical marijuana dispensary in the La Mesa Medical Plaza on University Avenue near El Cajon Boulevard was approved by the La Mesa planning commission, but some practitioners who have businesses in the medical center aren't happy about it.
Opponents are scheduled to voice their concerns at an appeal to the La Mesa City Council to overturn the permit at 6 p.m. Tuesday.
Some scheduled to challenge the permit at the meeting Tuesday take issue that the dispensary's location is located near a children's clinic. The San Diego Center for Children, which serves as an outpatient mental health clinic for minors, also resides in the La Mesa Medical Plaza.
"They can recognize we are a minor-oriented facility and add us to what they call their sensitive-use address list and that ensures that any future dispensaries cannot be within 1,000 feet of our program," the clinic's Vice President, Cheryl Rode, said.
Doctors are also concerned with how close the facility being is to their practices.
"I don't want my patients to be seeing that stuff and having any sort of thought in their head that that would be something that I condone or be part of," said Dr. Larry Pawl, who owns a private practice in the plaza.
Pawl does say that if the dispensary is regulated and in the proper place, they would consider its merits.
"If they're able to do that with this dispensary and in a proper place then I think it will be able to work out and help out a lot of people," Pawl said.
A letter of appeal sent to the La Mesa Planning Commission said the children's center is a 131-year-old non-profit that serves children with mental, emotional and behavioral disorders.
Investors sent data center design and operations company Switch Inc. stock up 21.9% in its first day of trading Friday after the third largest initial public offering from a technology company this year.
The Las Vegas-based company priced the IPO at $17 a share, higher than its expected range of $14 to $16 target, and sold at least 31.25 million shares, raising more than half a billion dollars at around a $4.2 billion valuation. Switch SWCH, +22.59% began trading Friday morning under the ticker SWCH on the New York Stock Exchange, and shares moved as high as $24.90, 46.4% higher than the issue price, before closing at $20.84. After Friday's regular session, the company's market capitalization was about $5.1 billion.
Switch ranks third in deal size for technology companies so far this year, behind Altice USA Inc. ATUS, -1.10% at $2.1 billion and Snap Inc. SNAP, +2.14% which raised $3.9 billion, according to Ipreo Capital Markets, a market intelligence firm. The Switch IPO was the 15th tech offering of the year, with a combined total of $8.6 billion raised, well ahead of 2016's $2.9 billion, Ipreo reported.
Switch said it planned to use the proceeds from the IPO to buy out investors in Switch Ltd. and take control of that company though Switch Inc., which was just incorporated in 2017. The company owns data centers in Las Vegas and Reno, Nevada, as well as one in Grand Rapids, Michigan. A fourth data center is being built in Atlanta.
Don't miss: Five things to know about the MongoDB IPO
Filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission show that the company has been profitable in all but one quarter of existence, when it paid $27 million to unbundle its power use from Nevada's grid. Switch had revenue of $318.4 million in 2016, up 20% from 2015, although profits fell more than 50% to $31.4 million from $73.5 million, largely due to the charge for unbundling power at its two Nevada facilities.
“We now live in a world that is being directed and powered by data: billions upon billions of transactions taking place in mission critical seconds,” Chief Executive Rob Roy wrote in the company's S-1 filing. “Exponentially expanding data is being created in real-time, all the time. At Switch, we know what the value of data is and what its applied analytics require.”
A multi-class share structure will allow Roy to maintain control of the company they founded, as their shares will have 10 times the voting rights of common shares.
Some people don't like to eat their vegetables, but for obese people with type 2 diabetes, broccoli could hold the key to slowing, and potentially reversing, the disease, according to a new study.
Scientists used both computational and experimental research to zero in on a network of 50 genes that cause symptoms associated with type 2 diabetes. They also located a compound called sulforaphane — which is found naturally in cruciferous vegetables such as broccoli, Brussels sprouts and cabbages — that could turn down the expression of those genes, according to the findings, published today (June 14) in the journal Science Translational Medicine.
In the study, the scientists gave sulforaphane to obese patients, in the form of a concentrated broccoli sprout extract. They found that it improved the patients' systems' ability to control their glucose levels and reduced their glucose production — two symptoms of diabetes that can lead to other health problems, including coronary artery disease, nerve damage and blindness, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
"It's very exciting and opens up new possibilities for the treatment of type 2 diabetes," Anders Rosengren, an assistant professor at the University of Gothenburg in Sweden, told Live Science. [Science You Can Eat: 10 Things You Didn't Know About Food]
Type 2 diabetes, the most common form of diabetes, affects more than 300 million people globally. For those with the disease who are obese, the excess fat in the liver makes the body less sensitive to the hormone insulin, which can make it difficult for the organ to help regulate blood sugar levels. Normally, insulin, which is produced by the pancreas, stimulates the liver to pull glucose out of the bloodstream and store it for later use.
People with type 2 diabetes are usually advised to change their diet to help control their blood sugar levels. "Lifestyle changes are at the core of type 2 diabetes treatment but often need to be complemented with drugs," Rosengren said.
Currently the main treatment option is the drug metformin. But not every person who needs it can take it. About 15 percent of type 2 diabetes patients have reduced kidney function and taking metformin can increase their risk for lactic acidosis, an unhealthy build-up of lactic acid, which can cause abdominal discomfort, shallow breathing, muscle pain or cramping, and tiredness.
About 30 percent of patients who take metformin develop nausea, bloating and abdominal pain.
Finding an alternative to metformin was one of the team's objectives. But there was also general frustration in the clinical community that research labs were having a difficult time developing new anti-diabetic compounds, Rosengren said.
One challenge is that researcherslooking to develop new drugs have traditionally studied single genes or individual proteins. But diabetes is much more complicated than that. It involves a large network of genes, so the scientists had to find a new, systematic approach that took a holistic view of the disease. [11 Ways Processed Food Is Different from Real Food]
Study leader Annika Axelsson, a doctoral student at Gothenburg, and their colleagues began by analyzing liver tissue from diabetic mice who were raised on a "Western diet" containing 42 percent fat and 0.15 percent cholesterol. After several tests, the scientists identified 1,720 genes associated with hyperglycemia, a condition in which an excessive amount of glucose circulates in the blood.
After further analysis, the researchers narrowed the 1,720 genes to a network of 50 linked genes that together result in high bloodglucose levels. This network became the so-called disease signature for type 2 diabetes.
Next, the researchers used a database of existing drug compounds and employed a mathematical modeling program to rank those compounds for their potential ability to reverse the disease signature — in other words, to turn down those overexpressed genes.
Sulforaphane had the highest ranking. The team ran several experiments to see if it could actually lower glucose levels in living systems. First, they tested the compound in cells growing in lab dishes, and found that it inhibited glucose production. Next, they tested it in rodents, and found that it improved glucose tolerance in animals on a high-fat or high-fructose diet.
Finally, the researchers tested sulforaphane in people. Over the course of 12 weeks, 97 patients with type 2 diabetes took a daily dose of concentrated broccoli sprout extract in powdered form. The dose was about 100 times the amount found naturally in broccoli. For those who were not obese, the sulforaphane did not have any effect.
But for those who were obese, the results were significant, the researchers reported. Typically, for people with type 2 diabetes, glucose levels in the blood stay high, even when they are fasting. But sulforaphane reduced fasting blood glucose in these patients by 10 percent compared to the participants in the study who took a placebo, according to the study. That amount is enough to lower a person's risk of developing health complications. And the compound did not cause gastrointestinal problems that metformin can cause, nor other side effects. [7 Bizarre Drug Side Effects]
For the next phase of this study, Rosengren said the team would like to investigate the effects of sulforaphane on people with prediabetes to see whether it could improve their glucose control before type 2 diabetes develops.
Originally published on Live Science.
Video
An "embarrassing" street name will remain - after only seven residents responded to a parish council consultation about it.
Isis Way, in Hilton, Derbyshire, had attracted attention for its connotations with so-called Islamic State (IS).
Hilton Parish Council said in light of the lack of responses to its informal consultation, which was held in May, "the matter would not be taken any further".
The name was given to the street when it was built in 2009.
The dreaded week has arrived for thousands of students across Kildare..
Leaving Certificate results are out this Wednesday (August 16) and Nando's wants to make life a little easier for those getting them.
They are offering a free 1/4 Chicken or Fire-Starter for anyone who arrives in store with their results sheet and ID.
The offer is only valid for August 16.
You have to make a minimum spend of €7 to redeem the offer.
Decision is second in five years to trim Alien Tort Statute
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that victims of overseas atrocities can't use a centuries-old law to sue foreign corporations for complicity, blunting what once was a favorite legal tool for human-rights advocates.
The 5-4 ruling on Tuesday, which divided the court along ideological lines, marks the second time in five years the high court has cut the reach of the 1789 Alien Tort Statute.
The latest ruling throws out a suit stemming from terrorist attacks in Israel and the Palestinian territories. Victims and family members accused Jordan-based Arab Bank Plc of using its New York branch to distribute millions of dollars to terrorists and their families.
"Courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one," Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in the court's lead opinion.
Multinational companies have faced dozens of suits accusing them of playing a role in human rights violations, environmental wrongdoing and labor abuses. Exxon Mobil Corp., Coca-Cola Co., Pfizer Inc., Unocal Corp., Chevron Corp., Daimler AG and Ford Motor Co. have all been sued under the Alien Tort Statute.
The high court said in 2013 that the Alien Tort Statute generally doesn't apply to conduct beyond U.S. borders. Lower courts then dismissed 70 percent of the 40 cases that had been pending, according to the victims' lawyer in the Arab Bank case.
French Diplomat
The law, enacted in part because of an attack on a French diplomat in Philadelphia, contains only 33 words. It reads: “The district courts shall have original jurisdiction of any civil action by an alien for a tort only, committed in violation of the law of nations or a treaty of the United States.”
Arab Bank contended that language doesn't cover corporations because there's no consensus around the world that they can be found liable under international law. The victims pointed to the general principle in U.S. law that corporations can be held liable for wrongdoing.
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito and Neil Gorsuch joined Kennedy in the majority. Alito and Gorsuch wrote separately to say they didn't agree with all of Kennedy's reasoning.
Justices Sonia Sotomayor, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer and Elena Kagan dissented.
Writing for the group, Sotomayor said the ruling lets companies benefit from their corporate status "without having to shoulder attendant fundamental responsibilities."
"The unique power that corporations wield can be used both for good and for bad," Sotomayor wrote. "Just as corporations can increase the capacity for production, so, too, some can increase the capacity for suffering."
Gorsuch wrote separately to stress what they called "more fundamental reasons" for throwing out the lawsuit. They said courts over the years had overstepped their authority by allowing Alien Tort Statute suits to go forward.
"We should refuse invitations to create new forms of legal liability," Gorsuch wrote. "And we should not meddle in disputes between foreign citizens over international norms."
The Supreme Court considered the corporate liability question in the 2013 case but didn't rule on the issue at the time. Most federal appeals courts to consider the issue had said the law allows suits against corporations, as well as individuals. The exception was the New York-based appeals court that threw out the Arab Bank case.
The case is Jesner v. Arab Bank, 16-499.
Virtual Law: Cloud Computing Appeals to Law Firms
There's no wood paneling or plush carpet at Culhane Meadows -- the law firm's 52 attorneys practice out of their homes or rented work spaces.
Culhane Meadows is one of many law firms without dedicated office space that now operate virtually using software, email, videoconferencing and the internet to work and connect with clients. Attorneys at virtual firms say that without the trappings and overhead of a traditional practice, they can charge lower fees, work for a variety of clients and have more say over their work/life balance. Practicing virtually can also mean taking extra steps to ensure that communications of all sorts remain confidential, including working in spaces designed to protect clients' privacy.
Heather Clauson Haughian, a managing partner at Culhane Meadows, doesn't miss the works of art, mahogany and high rents of traditional firms.
"When you take away all those things as part of this virtual model, you can pass along that value to your clients," says Haughian, who works out of their home in Niceville, Florida. The hourly rates at Culhane Meadows are what a lawyer with four or five years' experience would charge at a larger firm. Clients include Fortune 100 companies that don't want to pay ultra-high fees and much smaller businesses.
Culhane Meadows, whose attorneys are based in seven metropolitan areas, was founded in 2013 by lawyers who had worked at big traditional firms or large corporations. The attorneys, some of whom are licensed in multiple states, can gather, either themselves or with clients, via videoconferencing. When they need an in-person meeting, they rent conference rooms.
Law firms, especially very large ones, are known for adhering to traditional ways of working and have been slow to adapt to new technology. A few firms pioneered the virtual model in the past decade and the idea is gaining momentum, says Marlene Laro, chief operating officer at the Potomac Law Group, which is based in Washington, D.C., but has lawyers in 17 states. Soaring legal fees are one reason why.
"There's certainly a lot of interest among general counsels in major corporations to reduce their legal spending and try something different," Laro says. Like Culhane Meadows, the 7-year-old Potomac Law Group uses videoconferencing, email and other services to communicate, and lawyers rent office space as needed.
Attorneys are also interested. At big firms with high overhead, there is pressure to work and bill for a minimum number of hours, making for extremely long workdays and workweeks and little personal time. At some virtual firms, including Potomac, attorneys have more autonomy to set fees and their hours.
"It enables them to feel more comfortable with the way they're practicing law," Laro says. They say they get inquiries from attorneys with 20 or more years at big firms who are interested in a different way of working.
The idea is particularly attractive to younger lawyers who grew up with technology and who prefer simplicity over tradition. Nicole Swartz knew when they were in law school that they wanted a virtual practice. They started their firm, Sprout Law, after graduating three years ago, and practices out of co-working spaces in New Orleans. They plan to expand to Los Angeles in the summer with another attorney and the same setup.
Swartz's practice focuses on women entrepreneurs, with most of their clients age 25 to 35 and comfortable texting and emailing with their attorney, or with meeting at co-working locations.
"I don't see what a traditional office would bring us that we don't already have," they say.
Virtual firm attorneys hear few complaints from clients about their setup. For one thing, most interactions are by phone or email. And, "clients big and small walk into fancy office spaces in lavish office buildings and are frustrated that the legal fees they're paying are going to such lavish offices," Laro says.
Still, some clients are unsure about a law firm that doesn't, well, look like a law firm. Tricia Meyer recalls one client who had reservations about their 8-year-old virtual firm.
"I can't just pop into your office whenever I want and you're going to be there," they told them But they ended up hiring Meyer Law, which specializes in helping technology companies with matters including contracts, patents and setting themselves up as corporations. It's work that adapts easily to a virtual model.
"If we were in another area of the law, where we had to do depositions and meet clients in the office all the time, maybe we wouldn't do it this way," Meyer says. The firm has five attorneys split between Chicago and Denver, who practice out of their homes and co-working spaces.
Virtual firms do have some concerns to deal with. One is their technological vulnerability -- law firms of any sort can be attacked by hackers or have important data stolen, but the more a firm relies on technology, the more vulnerable it can be.
Megan Porth educates themselves about the relative safety of the software, data storage and other technology products that their firm, Your Contract Shop, uses. The firm has programs that encrypt files so they cannot be read by hackers, and firewalls that help prevent potential invasions.
"The reason why it does concern me is the perception of a virtual office as opposed to a brick-and-mortar one, not that we are actually, legitimately more prone to cybersecurity issues," says Porth, whose Phoenix-based firm, launched in 2016, has two attorneys and expects to hire another soon.
Some co-working spaces cater to the need for confidentiality. The spaces where Swartz works have soundproof rooms so phone calls can be kept private.
In more than half the states, attorneys must maintain a level of competence with technology and an awareness of the risks it poses -- whether they practice virtually or in a traditional office.
"A lot of lawyers don't realize what an enticing target they are to hackers and crooks," says Gregory Touhill, a division president at cybersecurity company Cyxtera Technologies who was a chief information security officer in the Obama administration. They describe the legal industry, because it has custody of clients' personal, financial and competitive information, as a "hot target" for cyberthieves.
But it's also technology that's feeding the growth in virtual firms, says John SImek, a vice president at Sensei Enterprises, an information technology and cybersecurity company.
"I think it's the wave of the future," they say.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
This week's playlist is a special compilation of some of our favorite artists that we think would make a great addition to your summer playlist! There's a little something here for everyone, so don't be shy.
Let's dive right in!
1. Drinkard Sisters – “Keep The Sun Upon Your Shoulders”
Harmonies, harmonies, harmonies. That's all we really have to say about these two incredibly talented ladies. They've got a folk sound that packs a punch and will have you swooning. The simple acoustic guitar pays homage to their hearty vocals and thoughtful lyricism.
2. Honeybabe – “Almost”
These guys are beachy and psychedelic. Perfect summer listening, in our opinion. They know how to mix genres to make a unique and universally appealing sound that will soothe the ears.
3. Jerry Dreams – “Charleston S.C.”
Progressive indie group, Jerry Dreams takes you on a folky journey with what they've coined as “folktronica”. It's a match made in heaven and we honor their adventurous journey into this addictive genre.
4. Taxon Clade – “Morning Calls”
Taxon Clade is such a pleasant listen, it's hard not to fall in love. The guitar is bright with tasteful, unobtrusive drums and quirky xylophone. You can't be in a bad mood when grooving to these playful tunes.
5. Remnose – “The Beans”
This dreamy, alt-country band makes us want to lay in a bed of wildflowers and stare at the sky. The beautiful melodies and slide guitar bring old school folk and country crashing into surfy, psychedelic electric guitar vibes. It's a swoon-worthy combination of sounds and ideas that really make for a great listening experience on all fronts.
6. Don't – “Your Head”
Sweet in delivery, yet bitter in contemplation. Aside from the punk, bedroom rock vibes that make you want to dance like it's 1999, their brutally honest lyricism and untouched vocals make this a heartfelt listen. The recordings are crisp and vibrant. Each track cuts the silence like soft butter and it just melts reality away. There is a phenomenal dynamic happening here and we're pumped to have stumbled upon it.
7. Legume – “Peach Fuzz Beauty”
Surf, slacker rock with lots of DIY tendencies. It's uplifting, a bit slighted, but overall fun and charming. We love the stoner vibe of the vocals mixed with this bright and cheery guitar chiming in the backdrop.
8. Cheerleader – “Beauty Queen”
The girls are here and they really could care less about what you think. Women rejoice in your epic power, men acknowledge said power and be subject to the craft. The vocals are grungy and bitter while the guitar and bass hammer away over clashing drums. The lyricism reeks of independence and grit. Now is the time for music like this.
9. HALA -”Club Soda”
Prized Lo-fi beach rock artist, Ian Ruhala drawls over a swoony guitar riff with minimalist drums beats and ghostly harmonies. It's a relaxing listen that will have you amped for that warm summer weather. This couldn't be a better time for them to drop some new tunes…we can't wait any longer.
10. HANDGRENADES – “Vampires and Freaks”
This recently released single is washed with melodic and surfy guitar vibes, groovy bass, and bright percussion. It's a summer anthem if there ever was one! This indie rock track is a great taste of whatever HANDGRENADES has in store for future tracks. We dig it!
Check back next week for our annual Pig & Whiskey playlist! You won't want to miss it!
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Corporate Office Properties Trust (COPT) ( NYSE : OFC) is an office REIT headquartered in Columbia, Maryland. As of December 31, 2016, COPT's core portfolio of 152 office properties encompassed 16.3 million square feet and was 94.4% leased. What differentiates COPT from other office REITs is its unique franchise of US-government, information technology-oriented locations (Defense/IT locations).
Positive outlook for defense spending in the United States supports expectations for increased demand for COPT's unique locations and, by extension, attractive cash flow growth
Ownership and control of the most relevant land locations limits competition for other landlords and is a significant competitive advantage
A five-year development track record of delivering approximately 800,000 square feet annually that have been 90% leased, on average
An attractive and secure quarterly dividend of $0.275/share represents a 3.8% yield and a 1.4 percentage point premium to the 2.4% yield from 10-year US Treasuries
An investment grade-rated balance sheet supports future growth through development, and ensures dividend safety
Click here to view the COPT Corporate Fact Sheet
Click here to view the COPT Investor Presentation
Advisor Access spoke with Corporate Office Properties' President and CEO, Stephen Budorick, about the trust's business model and growth strategy.
Advisor Access: COPT has a unique office portfolio because of its focus on defense-related tenants. Can you provide more color on this franchise?
Stephen Budorick: As of Dec. 31, 2016, we derived 87% of our business from Defense/IT locations, which encompass 14.3 million square feet of office space and more than 1 million acres of strategic developable land. Our buildings and land positions are unique, as is our decades-long track record of successful execution and mutual trust with our US government customers. An important distinction is that the government locations we support are not involved with weapons manufacturing or in the training and deployment of troops; rather, the missions involve high-tech, R&D, and cybersecurity aspects of national defense.
AA: Does the US government lease space with you through the General Services Administration (GSA)?
AA: How many Defense/IT locations does COPT have, and where are they located?
Read the complete answers to these questions and the full interview with COPT HERE.
About Advisor Access:
Advisor-Access LLC brings compelling investment ideas to investors in the form of in-depth interviews with company management and the latest fact sheets and corporate presentations.
DISCLOSURE: COPT has paid Advisor Access a fee to distribute this email. Stephen Budorick had final approval of the content and is wholly responsible for the validity of the statements and opinions.
Cars drive through high water on the exit ramp to southbound 610 from eastbound Interstate-10 on Wednesday, July 4, 2018, in Houston. Heavy rains that flooded some Houston streets on July Fourth are expected to subside. (Michael Ciaglo/Houston Chronicle via AP) ORG XMIT: TXHOU203
Michael Ciaglo, AP
Houston was under siege and underwater Wednesday as storms drenched the region with up to eight inches of rain.
More storms were forecast Wednesday night, and authorities canceled the Freedom Over Texas concerts because of the weather. Mayor Sylvester Turner warned residents that flooding was rampant throughout the city.
"Do not put yourself in a position that will put yourself and others in danger," they said on Twitter.
Authorities are wary about storms after the damage wrought by Hurricane Harvey, which blasted Texas, Louisiana, Florida and other states in the region in August. That storm, one of the worst on record, caused more than $100 billion in damages.
"Today's event gave us a trial run to be prepared," Turner said. "Our operations have been a lot smoother, and we still have some fine tuning to do."
Dave Samuhel, senior meteorologistat AccuWeather, said some areas near downtown Houston were hit with 4-6 inches of rain, with one or two spots registering 8 inches.
"It was very intense earlier, with some areas seeing three or four inches of rain in an hour," they said.
The city's main fireworks show will go on as planned. But no one is allowed on site, meaning fans must watch the fireworks from home or nearby neighborhoods.
Turner said they were a "kid at heart" and rarely will sign off on canceling fireworks.
"The show allows us to pay homage to those who have paid the ultimate sacrifice so we can enjoy the freedoms we cherish everyday," they said.
Harvey also brought infamy to little Nederland, Texas, near the Louisiana border when one location near the town of about 20,000 was walloped with 60.58 inches of rain. That broke the record for the greatest rainfall amount ever recorded in the Lower 48 from a single storm, WeatherBug reported.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
By Jamil Oakford/managing editor
As homework and projects are assigned, students can find all the resources for getting a good grade on campus at the library.
TCC's libraries offer both physical and digital services to help students succeed in various areas of their education.
“I think the most valuable resource we provide is our knowledgeable librarians and staff who can help them [students] find what they need,” SE library services director JoTisa Klemm said.
Klemm credits the staff and librarians for knowing which services will help students for any assignment or need.
NW library director Alex Potemkin believes the digital aspect of TCC's libraries is an important service provided by the libraries across the district.
“Basically, students have access to libraries beyond library walls,” they said. “Any information they need can be found through our website so they don't have to use Google and Wikipedia.”
They said it's particularly helpful to avoid the confusing sources one can run into by using Google.
“One of the advantages of using our databases over the wild, wild west of Google is that we can weed out the noise,” they said.
Instead of combing through 10 million search results, students can narrow their search down to specific topics within a broader category, Potemkin said.
TR public services librarian Tracy Soto agreed about the importance of accessible information for students.
“If students don't know how to find that information or how to sift through all those sources of information, we provide help to them as well,” Soto said.
The college offers several services through the library's website. For example, if there is a book students need for research but it can only be found on one campus, they can request the book on their home campus.
While most students can access general services easily, some library resources may surprise students. Libraries districtwide have laptops available for students to check out although supplies are limited, Soto said. Laptops can be checked out for 48 hours.
Potemkin said it's surprising more students don't know about the streaming video service provided by the college.
“We're no Netflix or Amazon Prime. We can't compete with them,” they said, noting however that everything from educational videos to popular and recently released films are available through the library's website.
Soto said people should also know about the one-on-one research consultation provided by librarians.
“The librarian will actually walk through that process [research] with that student, specifically for that assignment,” they said.
Students can use this service to navigate their way through a research paper or project and are provided with many resources and materials to help them be successful.
Another little-known service the library provides is private study rooms, Klemm said.
They also said students should know the online databases are not just articles from periodicals and professional journals.
“We have a few databases that help students learn new languages or study for exams like if they're studying for the nursing exam,” Klemm said.
For avid book readers on each campus, Little Free Libraries are available to students. Started by SE government adjunct instructor Allan Saxe, students can take a book from the colorful birdhouse library and also donate a book to replace the one taken.
Libraries maintain the locations and boxes as well as taking book donations.
SE students can find the Little Free Library on the east end of the ESEE building by the portables. The NW library might change its location.
“We currently have it in the library, but I don't like that, so we might move it,” Potemkin said.
They said they want this to become more of a book exchange and find ways to get students involved in that process.
Each campus library has events it runs through the semester.
SE's Judith Carrier Library has an exhibit up about World War I and how Camp Bowie in Fort Worth was involved in training soldiers for deployment. For Black History Month, the library will have a speaker discuss the role of African-Americans in World War I Feb. 20.
NW's Walsh Library will host Phi Theta Kappa scholarship parties Feb. 1, March 1 and April 5 for students who want help filling out scholarship applications. The event will start at 10 a.m. each of those days. For Black History Month, it will have a book display available for students.
TR's Tahita Fulkerson Library will hold Maker Mondays, chances for students to learn how to make things. Some will be arts-and-crafts-based while others will be technology-based. These will be held through March and are open for drop-ins with no pre-registration required.
But TR's Lynda.com introductory course will require pre-registration. The website, used by professionals to help build careers, has a series of videos on topics ranging from how to answer interview questions to how to build a resume. Other topics include creative subjects like learning Photoshop and editing music.
“All TCC students have access to those videos, and a lot of students don't know they have free access to those videos,” Soto said.
The campus library also provides media literacy classes for students. Those interested in attending should reserve their spot ahead of time.
Students can register at libguides.tccd.edu/infolit.
South's Jenkins Garrett Library will hold monthly, theme-based book displays for Black History Month, Women's History Month and National Poetry Month.
In February, it will also have an African-American read-in and later in the semester will host a Literacy Read-a-Thon outside the library. People can volunteer to read aloud for 5-10 minutes at a time throughout the day.
You can qualify if you are certainly not working but receive income from Social Security, SSI, retirement, or another benefits and entitlement programs. The fees charged by advance loan loan lenders are determined because of the exact amount lent and may even range from $10 to $20 for every $100 borrowed. That basically, 's what the payday cash advance is about. Tenant loans come minus the requirement of an credit check. Also what are the average quick money advance rates for the state is may be even more advantageous. Here the approval in the side from the lender will depend on the repayment skill and monthly salary in the applicant. Payday loan is additionally superior to others automobile 24x7 availability so that it is possible to apply any time in the day from any place. Financial world offers this plan especially for the people people who work with themselves and don't have any income proof to demonstrate their repayment ability. You can telephone the business or apply online or with a facility owned with the company. Use it to repay expenses online or in the phone, or conduct in-person transactions with a large amount more safely as compared to cash or check.It presents loans for typically smaller sums (perhaps 100-250 though this depends on the provider) web fast. In the sooner days, it wasn't so easy to accumulate aspects such as a magnificent holiday, a stylish car, a large house, and lots of aspects that offer ultimate pleasure. You're now capable of sign within your account, you'll be able to use the ad program code that you simply will need to set as part of your website. Even though these short-run loans carry above average interest levels they serve an exceptionally important purpose within our financial system by providing short term to consumers when they want it the most. Interest rates offered here i will discuss a bit over other loans because of your low credit score ratings.The economy, traditional lenders, and a number of other factors have brought this to light and forced the previous fashion trade system to awaken. Your submitted application is verified and approved in the matter of couple of minutes and the financing is wired to your bank-account within 1-a day. The SBA pays all kinds of staff members also, since I indeed did achieve an SBA Patriot Express loan, I can advise you those smiling SBA heads with MBAs will and do seem positive, want someone to know they may be there to assist and most will even offer up the most effective banks to select from to ensure you receive that loan. By performing a careful research you'll be able to select out by far the most suitable fiscal deal at a very best rate without having done any much struggle. No one really wants to endure a protracted nosy inte RVi ew about your individual financial picture and why you desire to borrow the amount of money. On internet, people only need to fill a fairly easy form which contains personal facts as their name, age and salary information and valid checking account no. Anyone can simply make an application for such loans through online medium. And most from the time, our needs come more frequently than money.A Payday Loan Company Charges 4 Percent http://larecasa.com.br/?option=com_k2&view=itemlist&task=user&id=1687187
The New England Patriots are 3-2 to start this season, and there's nothing that will change that.
But this is something that should be a little more alarming than it is:
#Patriots are a dropped #Texans interception and a competent #Bucs kicker from being 1-4. They aren't very good. — Landry Locker (@LandryLocker) October 6, 2017
People forget the Patriots are a dropped interception and a bad kicker from being 1-4 — Texans SB Champs (@TehJavi) October 6, 2017
They're right. The opening week loss to Kansas City and the Week 2 win in New Orleans both blowouts. But what if Houston Texans safety Corey Moore held on to this interception in the Patriots' final drive in Week 3?
Corey Moore was incredibly close to intercepting Brady's pass on #Patriots final drive. Was hard to see this initially from press box pic.twitter.com/ANQcVJKQZS — Anthony Gulizia (@AnthonyGulizia) September 25, 2017
There's one loss that was a matter of inches. And then there's what happened on Thursday night to the Buccaneers' Nick Folk, who missed three field goals. Do you know how rare it is in the 21st century — with more accurate kickers booting footballs through the uprights — for a kicker to miss three times?
The last kick attempt Nick Folk tried for the #Buccaneers #NEvsTB pic.twitter.com/abAZnnotoQ — Michael Klinck (@MichaelKlinck) October 6, 2017
To be precise, per some tinkering with Pro Football Reference's Game Finder, that's happened 39 times since 2000. Folk would have had to hit two of those shanks for a victory, but my point is that the Patriots ran into a rare situation on Thursday.
Which means Pats fans should be thanking the football gods for three wins this season and not just one.
TOKYO — Tokyo-based cryptocurrency exchange Coincheck said on Sunday it would return about $425 million of the virtual money it lost to hackers two days ago in one of the biggest-ever thefts of digital money.
That amounts to nearly 90 percent of the roughly $533 million worth of NEM coins the company lost in an attack that forced it to suspend on Friday withdrawals of all cryptocurrencies except bitcoin.
In a Tokyo press conference, Coincheck Inc President Koichiro Wada said each trader who was affected by the hack will be compensated at a rate of $0.8147 cents per coin. Coincheck estimates that 260,000 traders were affected by the hack.
The theft underscores security and regulatory concerns about bitcoin and other virtual currencies even as a global boom in them shows little signs of fizzling.
Two sources with direct knowledge of the matter said Japan's Financial Services Agency sent a notice to the country's roughly 30 firms that operate virtual currency exchanges to warn of further possible cyberattacks, urging them to step up security.
Related: Missed the bitcoin boom? Check out these five rising cryptocurrencies
The financial watchdog is also considering administrative punishment for Coincheck under the financial settlements law, one of the sources said.
Japan started to require cryptocurrency exchange operators to register with the government only in April 2017. Pre-existing operators such as Coincheck have been allowed to continue offering services while awaiting approval. Coincheck's application, submitted in September, is still pending.
Coincheck told a late-Friday news conference that its NEM coins were stored in a "hot wallet" instead of the more secure "cold wallet," outside the internet. Asked why, Wada cited technical difficulties and a shortage of staff capable of dealing with them.
In 2014, Tokyo-based Mt. Gox, which once handled 80 percent of the world's bitcoin trades, filed for bankruptcy after losing around half a billion dollars worth of bitcoins. More recently, South Korean cryptocurrency exchange Youbit last month shut down and filed for bankruptcy after being hacked twice last year.
World leaders meeting in Davos last week issued fresh warnings about the dangers of cryptocurrencies, with U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin relating Washington's concern about the money being used for illicit activity.
The first SMPTE ST 2110 standards aim to simplify the use of internet protocol (IP) networks in real-time for the purposes of live production, playout, and other professional media applications.
SMPTE, the organization whose standards work has supported a century of advances in entertainment technology and whose membership spans the globe, announced the publication of the first standards within SMPTE ST 2110, Professional Media Over Managed IP Networks.
SMPTE ST 2110 is a new standards suite that specifies the carriage, synchronization, and description of separate elementary essence streams over professional internet protocol (IP) networks in real-time for the purposes of live production, playout, and other professional media applications. The following documents are now available in the SMPTE digital library:
SMPTE ST 2110-10/-20/-30 — addressing system concerns and uncompressed video and audio streams
SMPTE ST 2110-21 — specifying traffic shaping and delivery timing of uncompressed video
“Professional media is a uniquely challenging field because of its real-time nature and high quality-of-service requirements, both of which consumers may take for granted,” said SMPTE President Matthew Goldman, senior vice president of technology, TV and media at Ericsson. “The standardization of SMPTE ST 2110 documents provides broadcasters, producers, and media technology suppliers with the tools they need to meet these requirements while working in the IP realm.”
With SMPTE ST 2110 standards, intrafacility traffic now can be all-IP, which means that organizations can rely on one common data center infrastructure rather than two separate facilities for SDI and IP switching/routing. The foundation for the first SMPTE ST 2110 standards came from the Video Services Forum (VSF) Technical Recommendation for Transport of Uncompressed Elementary Stream Media Over IP (TR-03), which VSF agreed to make available to SMPTE as a contribution toward the new suite of standards.
SMPTE ST 2110 standards make it possible to separately route and break away the essence streams — audio, video, and ancillary data. This advance simplifies, for example, the addition of captions, subtitles, and teletext, as well as tasks such as the processing of multiple audio languages and types. Each essence flow may be routed separately and brought together again at the endpoint. Each of the component flows — audio, video, and ancillary data (there may be multiple streams of each type) — is synchronized, so the essence streams are co-timed to one another while remaining independent.
The new SMPTE ST 2110 standard suite was a primary focus of the IP Showcase in the Centennial Exhibit Hall at SMPTE 2017, where SMPTE joined with the Audio Engineering Society (AES), Alliance for IP Media Solutions (AIMS), Advanced Media Workflow Association (AMWA), European Broadcasting Union (EBU), IABM, Media Networking Alliance (MNA), and Video Services Forum (VSF) to support the event. The IP Showcase featured the latest advances in IP technology for the professional media industries and demonstrated how the SMPTE ST 2110 standard suite adds value. Numerous interoperability demonstrations assisted broadcast/IT engineers, CEOs, producers, and others in understanding how they can leverage the benefits of SMPTE ST 2110 standards.
SMPTE is currently developing a dedicated course on ST 2110 for its Virtual Classroom which will be offered beginning in February 2018. Currently SMPTE's Internetworking, Routing & Switching Programs courses, as well as the Essentials of IP Media Transport for Broadcasters, help to provide a solid foundation in networking. SMPTE Virtual Classroom course descriptions and registration are available at www.smpte.org/courses.
Was This Post Helpful:
Image copyright The Yorkshire Regiment/Facebook Image caption Private Reece Miller had served with the Yorkshire Regiment since 2009
An investigation is underway after a British soldier died from a "non-battle injury" while serving in Estonia.
The death of Private Reece Miller, 29, of the 1st Battalion The Yorkshire Regiment, was confirmed by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) on Tuesday.
Their commanding officer said they were "the very epitome of the formidable Yorkshire soldier and just the sort of bloke you want in your regiment".
The MoD said an investigation was taking place into their death.
Read more stories from across Yorkshire
Pte Miller had been a soldier in the regiment for nine years.
Paying tribute on the regiment's Facebook page, their commanding officer said: "From the beginning of their career they were able to fit in to the regiment very easily through a combination of hard work, grit and an infectious sense of humour."
They said: "Private Miller was not only a soldier, but a soldier in The Yorkshire Regiment, and to us that made them special - they were one of ours."
The officer said Pte Miller, who had served in Afghanistan, had a bright future ahead of them and had aspirations to become a non-commissioned officer.
They added: "Our thoughts are with their comrades in Estonia, but most of all with their family and their wife, who like us will be struggling to come to terms with their loss."
Korea's Convenience Co. has donated 100,000 of its condoms to athletes at the Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea. Convenience Co.
- Advertisement -
But some advocates want laws to be loosened in order to protect women. An
online petition with more than 230,000 signatures was submitted to the president's office last fall calling for the full legalization of abortions.
Birth control awareness and access, meanwhile, is not as openly discussed as in some Western nations.
A report last month in the
health outlet Korea Biomedical Review said the last time a condom ad aired on Korean television was a Durex commercial in 2013. Before then, the only time was for an AIDS campaign in 2004.
“Even then, the ad portrayed condoms almost as an illegal commodity,” the report said.
Park Kyung Jin, president of Convenience Co., said ensuring that the Olympics are well-stocked with free condoms is an “honor” and their company hopes “athletes will finish the tournament and return home in good health.”
They added that its Right Idea brand — with the tagline “smart is sexy” — will change the perception of sex in South Korea. The company has also been outspoken about providing sex education for youth.
“Basically in Korea, we don't talk much about sex or sex education,” said Jack Jung, a Convenience Co. spokesperson. “It's because our work culture is very traditional, and
because of religion. We didn't get any sex education when we were young or we were in high school.”
Related:
Follow the latest on the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang
Still, South Korea is actually no stranger to handing out condoms — at least at the Olympics. The
1988 Summer Games in Seoul was the first time condoms were publicly distributed at the international sporting event. At the time, it was part of an effort to reduce the spread of HIV.
In the 30 years since, younger Koreans have grown up exposed to Western culture and are living in more socially liberal ways than previous generations, said Jin-kyung Park, a professor at Hankuk University of Foreign Studies who has researched women's health in Korea.
Known for its advanced technologies, the country has even seen condom vending machines crop up in recent months. The company Instinctus has set up a handful of machines that sell condoms for the equivalent of just 4 cents and targeting people 19 or younger.
But even though the proceeds go to helping an adolescent health center in Seoul, the company's CEO said they still face embarrassment.
“My parents ask me if all this is really necessary for teenagers,” Seong Min-hyun
told the online outlet Korea Exposé last year. “They don't want to tell others what I'm doing.”
Bruce Harrison reported from Seoul, and Erik Ortiz reported from New York.
It is Sammy Forson's birthday but they are tired of the craziness that life is.
The host of mid-morning show, Lifestyle Cafe on Live FM enlists rappers, Cabum, E.L, Ko-Jo Cue, Obibini and LJ to vent about what is stressing their individual lives.
The song starts with a “major” announcement about an introduction into the life of Forson, followed by their own voice. The rappers also take turns to spit solid bars over the Abui-produced instrumental.
Regional Super50 Festival 2 Hetmyer (103), Johnson (50*) fire as Jaguars roar to 8-wkt win over USA
By Sean Devers in Antigua
In association with Vnet Communications,
Bounty Farm, Noble House Seafoods &
Playter's Enterprise
A belligerent 103 from Shimron Hetmyer and an unbeaten 50 from Skipper Leon Johnson powered Guyana Jaguars to an emphatic eight-wicket win over the USA in their second match in the Regional Super50 Festival at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium yesterday.
Replying to the 188-8 off 50 overs made by the USA, Hetmyer launched a merciless attack on the hapless bowlers hitting eight fours and seven sixes from just 64 balls.
Hetmyer, who turned 21 last Boxing Days, added 118 with their 31-year-old skipper, Johnson, whose unbeaten 50 lasted 63 balls and was decorated with four fours and six as the Jaguars reached 192-2 in 32.1 overs.
Excellent bowling from left-arm spinner Veerasammy Permaul (2-29 from 10), leg-spinner Davendra Bishoo (1-15 from 10), Kemo Paul (2-32 from 8) and debutant pacer Clinton Pestano (1-19 from 7) had left the USA on 99-7 after 31.1 overs.
But the Jaguars' continued inability to polish off the tail after blowing away the top order, untidy bowling from Reifer (in their second spell) and Sherfane Rutherford (0-42 from 7 overs), 30 extras including 21 wides and an 89-run eighth wicket stand in 18.5 overs from Elmore Hutchinson (45) and Mrunal Patel with an unbeaten on 43, lifted USA hopes.
Reifer's two early wickets after Paul had struck first with the day's second ball, had left the score on 10-3, but the Bajan finished with 2-43 due an expensive second spell, while Rutherford was also expensive.
The USA were anchored by a flamboyant 51 from 83 balls with five fours and a six by 31-year-old from West Indies Test batsman Xavier Marshall who shared in a 50-run stand with Timil Patel (16) for the fourth wicket, while the eighth wicket pair capitalised on ragged ‘death' bowling against the weakest team in the tournament.
USA opted to bat when play commenced late due morning showers, and with sun back in all its glory, began in horrendous fashion losing their first three batsmen for ducks.
Former India U-19 batsman Sunny Sohal edged Paul to Keeper Anthony Bramble, while Reifer removed Jaskaran Malhotra and skipper Ibrahim Khaleel, both to catches to Hetmyer at slip.
Marshall got the first runs off the bat when they square drove Paul, who had already given away six wides.
Marshall spooned Paul to short mid-off but Reifer and Veerasammy Permaul failed to communicate and Permaul eventually floored a diving attempt with the score 16-3.
Marshall on-drove Paul for a couple to ensure that West Indies U-19s still hold the record for lowest total when they were ‘skittled out' for 18 against Barbados at Blairmount in 2008.
Marshall, with seven Tests and 24 ODIs to their name, drove Paul pleasantly past mid-off for the first boundary off the bat.
Marshall and Timil Patel halted the slide with Marshall easing Pestano over extra cover before pulling Rutherford for a boundary.
Both Rutherford and Pestano, (replacing Romario Shepherd) tested the batsmen with short balls on a track which was not as lively as the one prepared for the game against Kent.
But when Pestano pitched up, Marshall drove imperiously past cover for four to evoke memories of Carl Hooper in full flow as the Jamaican began to look threatening.
The 50 stand with Patel was posted off 89 balls and Marshall celebrated by hooking Rutherford for six and hitting them over mid-off for four.
Pestano, who produced a hostile spell, soon rocked back the stumps of Patel to end their fighting innings and leave the score on 70-4.
Permaul had a confident caught behind shout against Marshall turned down before the New Yorker used their feet and smashed them like a bullet on the spongy outfield for four.
Roy Silva (3) lofted Permaul impetuously to long-off where Hetmyer held the catch at 79-5.
The elegant Marshall soon reached their fourth fifty at this level from 78 balls before Hetmyer took their fourth catch of the game as Permaul removed Marshall at 96-6.
Usman Rafiq missed a sweep at Bishoo and was trapped LBW for a duck three runs later in the 31st over and the Jaguars might have been thinking of limiting USA to less than 120.
But Patel and Hutchinson had other ideas and the pair launched into Reifer and Rutherford before Hutchinson hit Paul to Chanderpaul at cover off the last ball of the 50th over.
But by then Hutchinson had plundered two fours and three sixes in a 57-ball 45. Patel's unbeaten 43 lasted 87 balls and included a six and a four.
When Jaguars began their reply Chanderpaul Hemraj was promoted to open with Shivnarine Chanderpaul but Hemraj (7) soon edged 35-year-old Jamaican left-arm pacer Hutchinson to slip at 19-1.
Watched by a handful of tourists, Hetmyer, with five Tests and two ODIs under their belt joined veteran Chanderpaul in ‘operation rebuild' and was quickly into their stride; smashing left arm pacer Saurabh Netravalkar for three leg-side boundaries.
Chanderpaul with three tons and 25 fifties in Regional 50-over cricket played the supporting role; knocking the ball into the gaps before they retired with cramps on eight at 49-1 in the 12th over.
Johnson clobbered off-spinner Rafiq over mid-wicket for six and cut them behind point for four, while Hetmyer deposited Silva for six and brutally cut Rafiq for four and reached their third 50 at this level from just 39 balls.
Hetmyer was on a rampage and jumped on Nosthush Kenjige like a Jaguar on its prey and ripped them to shreds with two massive sixes before smashing Kenjige for 6,4,4,1 in their next over to gallop into the nineties.
They past their 94 made in last year's tournament before sweeping Patel for four to reach their hundred from 64 balls.
But Hetmyer (103) was removed by Netravalkar soon after reaching their ton with the score on 167-2.
Johnson, gaining in confidence as their innings progressed, swept Tamil Patel for four before steering Saurabh Netravalkar for another boundary to move into the forties.
Another four off Netravalkar carried them to 49 before they got to 12thfifty at this level from 63 balls, while Reifer (11) finished the contest with a boundary.
The Jaguars face host Leewards Hurricanes in a Day/Night game at Coolidge from 14:00hrs tomorrow.
SCOREBOARD
USA
S Sohal c wkp Bramble b Paul 0
J Malhotra c Hetmyer b Reifer 0
X Marshall c Hetmyer b Permaul 51
*+I Khaleel c Hetmyer b Reifer 0
T Patel b Pestano 16
R Silva c Hetmyer b Permaul 3
M Patel not out 43
U Rafiq lbw b Bishoo 0
E Hutchinson c Chanderpaul b Paul 45
Extras (b2, lb6, w21, nb1) 30
TOTAL (8 wkts, 50 overs) 188
Fall of wickets: 1-0, 2-1, 3-10, 4-70,
5-79, 6-96, 7-99, 8-188.
Did not bat: S Netravalkar, N Kenjige.
Bowling: Paul 8-1-32-2, Reifer 8-1-43-2,
Pestano 7-1-19-1, Rutherford 7-1-42-0,
Permaul 10-1-29-2, Bishoo 10-1-15-1.
JAGUARS
C Hemraj c Silva b Hutchinson 7
S Chanderpaul ret. hurt 8
S Hetmyer c Marshall b Netravalkar 103
*L Johnson not out 50
R Reifer not out 11
Extras (b1, lb7, w3, nb1) 12
TOTAL (2 wkts, 32.2 overs) 191
Did not bat: +A Bramble, K Paul, S Rutherford,
C Pestano, D Bishoo, V Permaul.
Fall of wickets: 1-19, 2-167.
Bowling: Hutchinson 6-0-14-1, Netravalkar 10-0-46-1,
Rafiq 6.2-0-38-0, Silva 4-0-23-0, Patel 4-0-30-0,
Kenjige 2-0-32-0.
Result: Jaguars won by eight wickets.
Toss: USA.
Umpires: J Williams, L Reifer Jr.
You wake up before the sun rises to shower and get ready for the day. Soon you hear the (patter) of tiny feet upstairs. You get breakfast ready for your little ones and then get them dressed. Between packing bags and preparing lunches, you barely have time to grab breakfast for yourself. You rush out the door just in time to make it to work before that big meeting starts.
And all this happens before 8 a.m.
Being a parent means juggling not just your own schedule, but those of your children as well. Busy days lead into hectic evenings where there isn't much time left for yourself. You love your family and you'd do anything to make them happy, but every once in a while, you wish you could enjoy a little more “me time” and fewer to-dos.
If you feel this way, you're not alone. Nearly 2 in 3 moms have never taken a day completely for themselves, according to a new survey conducted by Luvs and Wakefield Research. So it's no surprise when most parents long for a little breathing room to relax.
Fortunately, with these five tips and tricks, you can ease your schedule and save time throughout the day.
Use that extra time for something you enjoy, whether it's watching your favorite TV show, going for a run or sipping a cup of tea while star gazing.
Make nap time all about you
If you have small kids, you probably use the few hours they nap to do laundry, clean the house or catch up on emails. Instead, once or twice a week, use the break to do something just for you. Read a book, catch up on the DVR or even step into the shower. In fact, the Luvs survey found that a quarter of moms would simply value an uninterrupted shower rather than going to the spa. Remember, the to-dos can wait and you'll feel rejuvenated and happy when the kids wake up.
Start getting ready the night before
Mornings are hectic for families, and a bad one can really set the tone for the entire day. Save time and eliminate stress by doing as much as possible the night before. Select clothes for kids and yourself, prepare lunches, pack bags and bathe in the evening. When the alarm goes off, you're 75 percent ready to go.
Cook double batches
When you cook twice as much, you cover two meals in the time it takes to make just one. Double the casserole for tonight and freeze half for next week. Cook 2 pounds of chicken so you have lunch for tomorrow in addition to dinner. Double the soup and freeze in individual containers so both you and your partner have an easy meal you can grab and go.
Play-date exchange
Spearhead a babysitting exchange between you and your parent friends. Offer to take a few extra kids to the park to give another parent a much-needed break. Then next week, swap play-date duties so you can enjoy a few hours alone. Your kids will love having friends along, while you get precious “me time.” It's a win-win for everyone.
Simplify diapering
Changing diapers throughout the day adds up fast in time and money. Parents can look to avoid leaks while keeping little ones comfortable by using Luvs, the official diaper of experienced parents.
× Shooting at 27th and Bales leaves man with life-threatening injuries
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A man suffered life-threatening injuries Tuesday night after a shooting in Kansas City, officials say.
KCPD spokesperson Darin Snapp said the shooting happened near 27th Street and Bales Avenue. When officers arrived, they found the injured man lying on the sidewalk, shot in the back.
They were taken to a nearby hospital in critical condition but is expected to survive, Snapp said.
Police do not yet know what led up to the shooting and did not release any suspect information. Snapp said the investigation is ongoing.
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina — It's been an uneven week for Daniel Hemric.
The 26-year-old driver arrived at Charlotte Motor Speedway with a new contract with Richard Childress Racing, keeping them in the team's No. 21 Chevrolet in the Xfinity Series next year.
But the rookie, one of 12 drivers in the Xfinity playoffs, also entered the 1.5-mile track without three key crew members who are suspended for the next four races.
Crew chief Danny Stockman Jr., car chief Clint Almquist and engineer Luke Mason were suspended after a piece of tungsten ballast fell off Hemric's car on pit road at Dover.
They will not be eligible to return until the season finale at Homestead-Miami Speedway. The suspension comes with Hemric sitting fifth in the standings, 37 points above the first driver outside a transfer spot. The Round of 8 fields will be decided by Saturday's Drive for the Cure 300.
But Hemric believes their team will be unfazed by the suspensions due to RCR's depth and experience. Randall Burnett, a former Cup crew chief, will serve as crew chief of the No. 21.
“Obviously, we accepted what happened,” Hemric said Friday. “We know it's unacceptable and we're not very proud of how it all went down on our end. But I talked about the depth of the company earlier and how we answer those calls, that depends on us. I feel solid with the group of guys we have to move forward with. I know Danny Stockman and my engineer back at the shop are still very, very, heavily involved in what's going to happen at the race track, throughout the race weekends and know those guys have been a huge part of what's gotten me into this situation we're in.
“I know as a whole, RCR is rallying around myself and Brendan Gaughan here in the Xfinity Series to make sure that we have the best possible shop to run for the championship. We're going to take what was given to us throughout the week (in) stride and feel like it's not going affect us in any form of a negative way going forward.”
If Hemric falters and isn't able to advance to the next round, they can be at ease knowing a disappointing end to the season won't hurt their career prospects come February. Hemric and Matt Tifft were both announced as part of RCR's Xfinity lineup for next season.
“It's obviously a very humbling situation to be a part of,” said Hemric, who is a native of nearby Kannapolis. “Just so pumped up to be part of Richard Childress Racing. … everybody knows we're kind of in a rebuilding mode. I think we've done that all year on the Xfinity side. I know the Cup side's doing the same thing.”
While RCR won two Cup races this year, the team's five Xfinity cars have not won this season. The last year RCR did not win a Xfinity race was 2011, when it only made three starts with Tim George, Jr.
“I look forward to being able to stay with the progression of where the company's going,” Hemric said. “Anytime you can be a part of that, it's a very trying time because you can get down. But I think Richard Childress is a great leader, we've got a bunch of great leaders, a lot of depth in our company that's allowed us to take these strides, staying together good or bad.”
Hemric has six top fives and 14 top 10s in 28 starts this season. He's still looking for their first NASCAR victory after 49 starts in the Camping World Truck Series proved fruitless.
When RCR made its announcement regarding Hemric, it did not announce if Stockman would remain their crew chief next year.
“Danny Stockman has done an incredible job of not only assembling a race team from scratch, which is what we did over the offseason leading into this year,” Hemric said. “A group of guys that never really worked hand-in-hand together. What we did in such a short amount of time was pretty impressive from my side, on the outside looking in and being involved in it. I'm proud of that. We'll get through the four-race suspension with those guys and kind of reevaluate everything over the offseason. That's our time to figure out what's best for my career and what's best for the company moving forward.”
Follow @DanielMcFadin and on Facebook
By Emmanuel Okogba
Nigerians didn't let Big Brother Naija winner, Efe Ejeba off lightly after their performance at the AY Live Show that held on Easter Sunday.
According to reactions on social media, Efe who became N25million richer a week ago should forget about rap and look for something better.
Prior to their participation in the Reality TV show, they had released an album titled “Lagos” which a section also described as “wack”.
They performed a track “Halleluyah” at the show which was attended by other housemates off the album and this was received with mixed reactions from Nigerians. While some suggested they forget about music in its entirety, others felt voice and other training will do them a world of good.
Watch Efe perform at AY Live
The post Nigerians question #BBNaija winner Efe's rap game appeared first on Vanguard News.
Answer Just ONE Question & You Could Bag Yourself 'South West 4' VIP Tickets!
How can you actually resist the chance to see the likes of Tinie Tempah, Duke Dumont and Sigma.
We've teamed up with South West Four to bring you some of the world's hottest DJs and producers on the brand new Capital Stage, exclusively for one day only.
We'll be taking over on the Saturday and the line up we'll be bringing you is guaranteed to give you loads of memorable festival moments direct from Clapham Common.
> Hey...you know we've got this insanely sweet app which actually let's you control the music you listen to right? Get on it!
Grammy nominated electronic music ledge Robin Schulz will be headlining the Capital stage and with four number one singles to their name, including the much-loved 'Prayer In C', their set ia going to be one you can't afford to miss.
Joining Robin on the Capital stage will be fellow chart topper Jonas Blue, Kungs, Klingande, Sam Feldt Live, Autograf, Alex Adair, Jerome Price and special guest Don Diablo.
All you need to do to bag VIP tickets to this incredible festival is to answer the question below. We'll be picking the winner at random so keep your fingers crossed!
UA recognizes student achievement
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. — A total of 12,594 students enrolled during the 2017 fall semester at The University of Alabama were named to the dean's list with an academic record of 3.5 or above or the president's list with an academic record of 4.0. Those students include: Dylan Clapper of Tipp City, president's list, and Caroline Pratt of Troy, dean's list.
Local students named to dean's list
CEDARVILLE, Ohio — The following local Cedarville University Students were named to the fall 2017 dean's honor list: Trey Barnes and Marie Ewing of Troy and Rebekah Hartman of Tipp City.
This recognition requires a 3.75 GPA or above for the semester, and carry a minimum of 12 credit hours.
Siefring, Snipes make dean's list
AKRON, Ohio — The University of Akron congratulates more than 3,400 students who made the fall 2017 dean's list. To be eligible, students maintained a semester GPA of 3.500 – 3.999, and were enrolled in 12 or more credit hours.
Local students include: Jaclyn Siefring, majoring in biomedical engineering, and Tara Snipes, majoring in information systems management, both of Covington.
Mazzulla studies abroad
OXFORD, Ohio — Courtney Mazzulla of Troy is among the Miami University students who studied abroad last year. Mazzulla spent fall 2017 studying in the Netherlands.
Wiseman named to dean's list
BOURBONNAIS, Ill. — Olivet Nazarene University congratulates all students named to the dean's list during the fall 2017 semester, including Daniel Wiseman of Bradford.
To qualify for inclusion on the dean's list, a student must have been enrolled as a full-time undergraduate student and must have attained a semester grade point average of 3.50 or higher on a 4.00 grading scale.
The Trump administration moved today to roll back two regulations designed to protect students against predatory for-profit colleges.
In federal filings, the Education Department said it would renegotiate the federal "gainful employment" rule, which stops government money from flowing to for-profit colleges whose students take on too much debt, but earn little after they graduate. Years in the making — it went into effect in 2015 after surviving two lengthy court battles with the for-profit college industry — the regulation is arguably the most significant piece of President Obama's higher education legacy.
The department also said it would also delay the implementation of a second rule, widely known as "borrower defense to repayment," which would allow students who said they had been defrauded by their schools to more easily have their federal loans forgiven. Those regulations — which were set to go into effect on July 1 — also included provisions to prevent colleges from forcing their students to sign away their right to sue.
In a statement, Education Secretary Betsy DeVos called the borrower defense rules "a muddled process that's unfair to students and schools."
"It's time for a regulatory reset. It is the Department's aim, and this Administration's commitment, to protect students from predatory practices while also providing clear, fair and balanced rules for colleges and universities to follow," they said.
The move was quickly decried by Democrats and student advocates who fought for the regulations' passage — frequently sparring with the Obama administration over whether they went far enough in penalizing for-profits.
“Today, Secretary DeVos chose for-profit colleges over students and taxpayers," Democratic Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois said in a statement. "Her actions to eliminate important protections in higher education will harm students and waste millions in taxpayer dollars.”
The rules will not simply vanish. The gainful employment regulation, which has already gone into effect, will be renegotiated — most likely, observers say, in a way that does not stringently penalize poorly performing schools or single out for-profits. In their statement on Wednesday, DeVos said that the Obama administration's rules were "overly burdensome and confusing for institutions of higher education." The re-regulation will take months of procedures and comments before any new rules go into effect.
Democratic attorneys general quickly jumped to protect the Obama-era regulations, with Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey saying they would sue the Education Department for "abandoning critical student protections." A group of eight attorneys general filed yesterday to intervene in a lawsuit over the borrower defense rules, saying they feared DeVos would not defend them.
Two advocacy groups, Public Citizen and Harvard University's Project on Predatory Student Lending, said in a statement that they would "use all legal means" to fight the delay of the borrower defense rule.
For-profit colleges were the primary critics of the gainful employment rule, saying they unfairly singled out for-profits and other career programs, but did not punish poorly performing programs at nonprofit institutions. The defense to repayment regulation, however, is disliked by a wide swath of colleges, which said it was too broad and would unintentionally hurt schools like historically black colleges.
Nevertheless, the rollback of the rules is "positive for for-profit colleges," Jeffrey Silber, an analyst with BMO Capital Markets, said in an investor email. "It was cloud hanging over the sector," Silber said.
Akshay Kr. Yadav @AKY_SRKFan
#Sanju is the best film I have seen in a theater. #RanbirKapoor disappears into the character of #SanjayDutt. The film is an honest portrayal of a very controversial man. Big Salute to @duttsanjay for sharing their honest story whole heartedly & it just shows the man they are."
Venugopal @venug4sap58
"#Sanju one of the best movies seen in a long time. Ranbir's transformation is total and brilliant performance. And Vicky is the kind of actor that hindi cinema needs desperately. Great job Hirani!!!"
Priya Gupta @priyagupta999
"Ranbir...Being saying it for 7 years, May be now you will agree with me. You are our finest actor & now a bonafide superstar!!! Your portrayal as #Sanju is outstanding!!! My Best Actor Award going to you..Wanted to hug you after seeing the film!!! @RajkumarHirani @RanbirKapoorFC"
Subhash Ghai @SubhashGhai1
"Hats off n Full marks to writers @abhijatj904 n writer plus director editor @RajkumarHirani for designing a perfect screenplay of #Sanju out of a very complexed story of @duttsanjay with their two selected chapters of drug victim n jail for arms thru father n a friend prospective."
Sweta Sharma @ginni2209
"@vickykaushal09 You are the soul of #sanju. Thank you for making it worth watching."
Megha Shah Desani @MeghaShahDesani
"#Sanju, a film that leaves u wanting 4 more..@duttsanjay please don't stop the story, that's how I felt when the movie stopped reeling. Leave aside the bad stories of ur life, there is so much good to learn from this film: Good Parenting, Friendship,Value of Life, Courage."
Richard Rekhy @richardrekhy
"Saw the movie #Sanju . Hats off to #RajkumarHirani for making such an outstanding movie. #RanbirKapoor played the role of Sanjay Dutt to the hilt it came so naturally. Pedigree of the Kapoor heritage was stamped all over. Loved the last song #BabaBoltaHaiBasHoGaya."
The Revenge @TheRevenge121
"Through #Sanju, Ranbir Kapoor has raised the bar to that level where only they can reach. None of their contemporaries can even touch that bar. Now RK's performance in #Brahmastra awaits... #RanbirKapoor."
Most buyers prefer to be left alone as they shop in store for items like apparel and prefer to use in-store technology for customer service over personalized attention from store employees, according to a new study.
The findings are based on a shopper survey conducted by HRC Retail Advisory and highlights the challenges retail chains increasingly face as they try to find the right balance between staffing and technology in stores.
For example, about 85 percent of those surveyed want to be able to check prices at price scanners instead of having to ask a store employee for pricing information. Seventy-six percent of overall respondents rated an in-store app that will provide personal recommendations as important.
“It's not that they don't want any service at all, but what consumers increasingly want is to be able to control the service they are looking for,” Farla Efros, president of HRC Retail Advisory, told Reuters.
The trend, however, did not hold with shoppers looking to buy electronics, a majority of whom were still looking for personal assistance from store workers.
The retail consultancy interviewed 2,903 adults between the ages of 10 and 73 as part of the survey in the United States and Canada. It was conducted from Feb. 20 to March 7 and has a margin of error of +/- 2 percent.
Wreck with injuries at 101SB
Last Updated: February 2, 2018 at 9:15 pm
The S.C. Highway Patrol is currently reporting a wreck with injuries at the 101 southbound mile-marker on Interstate 95. This area includes the Lake Marion Bridge between Orangeburg and Clarendon counties. Traffic will likely be slower during this time.
6/15/17 – 5:29 A.M.
Bluffton Village Council has picked the village's next administrator. The Courier reports council hired Jack Huber for the role this week. Huber has a bachelor's degree in public administration and has worked in both the public and private sectors.
Huber takes the place of Jamie Mehaffie. Council fired Mehaffie in January at the recommendation of the Mayor Judy Augsburger. Officials didn't publicly say why they made the move.
MORE: The Courier
A teen's burned body was found near Lake Mead and Rainbow Boulevards.
Alan Miller and their wife Pauline Chuckluck discovered a dead teen's burned body in the back lot of their apartment complex near Lake Mead and Rainbow Boulevards Saturday.
“Last night I slept better than the night before,” Miller said. “It's traumatic.”
“I can still see the body. That's always going to be an image in my brain forever I'm sure."
It happened early Saturday morning. Miller and Chuckluck said they were testing out their new drone when they noticed burn markings on a wall in the back part of the complex.
Chuckluck said the body was partially clothed.
“It was a teen. They looked really tiny actually,” Chuckluck said. “Like petite. And I noticed braids in their hair.”
The victim has yet to be identified but police released a victim description late Monday afternoon.
The teen was 5-foot-4, between 16 and 20 years old, and about 100 pounds.
Anyone with information regarding their identity or what happened is encouraged to call CrimeStoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Louis Tomlinson Was Asked About Freddie's Future & Their Answer Will Legit Melt Your Heart
He's been a dad for just over a year but he's already nailing it!
Half of us can only imagine how tricky it must be to be a parent at times. You have to give up about 75% of your free time, you never get the last brownie any more and then there's the whole 'keeping another human alive' thing.
> FYI, if you're a massive Louis fan, you're going to NEED our app to get all the latest news on the 1D hunk.
Add to that the fact that Louis Tomlinson is a MASSIVE pop-star, we think it's safe to say he's doing a pretty decent job so far.
PIC: Louis Tomlinson/Instagram
When asked about Freddie's future and what he'd expect the lil guy to do when he's older, Louis proved just how much of a stellar dad they already are...
"Those decisions are down to them when he's old enough" adding, "he can do whatever they want".
> 26 Of The Most Adorable Photos Of Louis Tomlinson's Baby Boy, Freddie
What. A. Sweetheart. Note to self: we can do whatever we want, including playing Louis' new single 'Back To You' on repeat, all day 'err day.
A post shared by Louis Tomlinson (@louist91) onApr 7, 2016 at 12:57pm PDT
Ahem...did anybody else think Louis' hand was actually in Harry Styles' video?!?
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – The New Year is here, and after holiday shopping you might want to give your credit card a rest.
But don't put it down just yet!
January is a perfect month to get deals on winter apparel or video games that Santa forgot to bring!
Chrysa Duran from Thrifty Jinxy Gets Us Movin' with New Year deals and sales.
Decorations
Like clockwork, holiday decorations go on clearance the day after the holiday. But if you're creative you can put the discounts to use all year long.
“Look for things like wrapping paper that is in solid colors or non-Christmas patterns that you can use for other occasions, or if you find red or white decorations you can use those for Valentine's Day,” Duran said. “My favorite thing to do is buy the bags of the foil-wrapped chocolate and then I separate those out by color and use the red and silver wrapped ones for Valentine's Day and the green and gold ones for St. Patrick's Day.”
Gym Memberships
Keep your wallet fat this New Year, even if your resolution is to get thin.
“There are a lot of deals with joining a gym, both on lower membership fees and waving the sign-up fee,” they said. “If you want to work out at home there is exercise equipment on sale, so things like treadmills or Nordic Track, or smaller equipment like free weights or kettle bells. Even what you need to wear to exercise – yoga pants, dry-weave T-shirts – all that exercise gear should be on sale all the way through the end of January.”
Winter Clothes
Retailers are moving in spring inventory. That means winter clothes need to go.
“They need to move out the winter clothing to make room for it. So, everything winter-related like outerwear – coats and jackets, sweaters – that's all going to be on sale especially when we get closer to the end of the month,” Duran said.
Linens
One of the most historic deals in January dates back 200 years.
“White sales are a tradition that goes back all the way to the late 1800s when retailers were looking for a reason to get everybody out of their house in the cold weather. And after spending everything for the holidays, it was a way to get people to buy things. So, it was linens that was a big draw and so we still see white sales, like sheets and towels and also other household linens on sale usually 30-60 percent off,” Duran said.
Video Games
If your kids got a new system for the holidays, January is the month to stock up on games.
“There were a lot of new games introduced right before the holidays, so those will start to go on sale after the holidays,” Duran said. “The other thing is, in the beginning of the year is the Consumer Electronics show in January and the Toy Fair held for the industry in February. That is when they announce new toys and electronics, so a lot of new games will be announced so stores will start thinking about moving out some of the older games to make room for the new games when they come out.”
Flowers & Chocolates
And even though Valentine's Day takes place next month, keep an eye out for flower sales to start just before the end of this month, as well as chocolate sales.
You could find chocolate 20 to 25 percent off. Some online retailers will also start to offer free shipping at the end of the month.
Facebook Inc. pushed down shares of the so-called FANG group of companies -- which includes itself, Amazon.com Inc., Netflix Inc. and Google parent Alphabet Inc. -- after U.S. and European officials demanded answers to reports that U.K.-based political-advertising firm Cambridge Analytica retained information on millions of its users without their consent. The social network fell as much as 6.5 percent on an intraday basis Monday, the most in more than two years, and was the biggest contributor to losses in the Nasdaq 100 Index, S&P 500 Index and the S&P 500 Information Technology Index as of 11:15 a.m. New York time.
— With assistance by Sarah Frier
Former FBI director James Comey testified last week that soon after they were fired in mid-May, they asked a friend to share the contents of a memo in which they described a conversation with President Trump that Comey had found troubling.
“Didn't do it myself, for a variety of reasons,” Comey told the Senate Intelligence Committee on June 8. “But I asked them to, because I thought that might prompt the appointment of a special counsel.”
With the news on Wednesday that special counsel Robert Mueller III is reportedly looking into whether Trump committed obstruction of justice, it appears Comey got what they were hoping for.
According to the Washington Post, Mueller's investigation as special counsel into Russian interference in the 2016 election has expanded to include whether Trump took steps to interfere with that probe. Trump and other officials have repeatedly denied that there was any collusion between their campaign and the Russian government, but an obstruction probe that focuses inward on the administration opens up a whole new front of legal and political risks for the president.
Although they were brought on to lead the Russia investigation, Mueller is allowed to look beyond it. When Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein tapped Mueller as special counsel — Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused from investigations related to the election — the appointment order said that Mueller was authorized to investigate Russian interference as well as “any matters that arose or may arise directly from the investigation.” That latter statement is a broad catch-all.
Defense lawyers told BuzzFeed News that Wednesday's report did not come as a surprise, given the amount of information that had already publicly surfaced. Shanlon Wu, a defense lawyer in Washington and a former federal prosecutor, said that it made “perfect sense” that Mueller's investigation at this point would encompass any allegations of obstruction.
“It would be the normal course if you were looking at this current situation and you have the former director of the FBI saying, ‘Oh, the president said this to me, I was feeling uncomfortable about it,' that [Mueller] would include a look at that,” Wu said.
Comey testified that they were concerned by conversations they had with Trump in which the president asked for their loyalty and seemed to be asking that Comey back off of investigating former national security adviser Mike Flynn. Comey stopped short of directly accusing Trump of obstruction, however.
Asked by Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr at the June 8 hearing if Comey thought that Trump's actions amounted to obstruction, Comey said it wasn't their place to answer that question, and dropped a not-so-subtle hint that they expected questions of obstruction to be part of Mueller's investigation.
“I took it as a very disturbing thing, very concerning, but that's a conclusion I'm sure the special counsel will work towards, to try and understand what the intention was there, and whether that's an offense,” Comey said.
The Washington Post also reported that Mueller's team was looking into conversations that Trump reportedly had with Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers about the Russia investigation.
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for Trump's personal attorney, Marc Kasowitz, released a statement in response to the Post story condemning the outflow of information about the investigation.
“The FBI leak of information regarding the president is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal,” Corallo said in an email to BuzzFeed News. They declined to comment further on the substance of the Post's story.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
FREEDOME Trampoline Park near Cheshire Oaks Designer Outlet has launched a new fitness pass and a new high intensity interval class.
The team at the heart-pumping, immersive adventure park is offering people the chance to get active at a fraction of gym prices by purchasing a 30 day fitness pass for £20.
FREEDOME's new HIIT class, FreeFit, includes high intensity interval training workouts (HIIT).
The FreeFit sessions, which consist of 45 minutes training and 15 minutes open jump, take place all whilst on a trampoline, enabling a full body workout that will leave you wanting more.
Managing director of FREEDOME Peter Brown says: “We're really excited to launch our brand-new fitness pass and class.
“FreeFit classes have always been part of the offering here at FREEDOME since we opened the park in 2016, but we have recently noticed a huge demand for classes that incorporate HIIT training.
“We hold our fitness classes five times a week at FREEDOME, from Sunday through to Thursday, and by attending classes over a 30 day period, customers could save up to a huge £100 with the membership pass.
“Unlike going to the gym, parents can even workout whilst their children bounce, offering the perfect solution for busy mums and dads who struggle to find the time to exercise.”
If a new pass is purchased within five days of the previous pass expiring, FREEDOME also offer two, free 60 minute open jump passes along with the unlimited FreeFit sessions.
More information is available online or by calling 0151 356 7494.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The guide highlights the need for well-publicised support information for students
Practical guidance to help Scottish universities and colleges tackle sexual violence and harassment on campus is to be published.
The guide offers advice and training for staff and highlights the need for well-publicised support information for students.
It follows a campaign by the mother of a student who took their own life after being in an abusive relationship.
The resource has been produced by Strathclyde University.
The Scottish government is providing £400,000 towards the rollout and implementation of the guide which also discusses the need for better data collection.
The government has made it clear that universities and colleges will need to adopt appropriate policies and procedures.
Image copyright Drouet family Image caption Emily Drouet was a first year student at Aberdeen University
The toolkit takes forward principles set out in the #emilytest campaign set up by Fiona Drouet, in memory of their daughter Emily.
Emily, a first year law student at Aberdeen University, was in an abusive relationship with another student and went on to take their own life.
Them mother has been spearheading a campaign against domestic abuse and gender-based violence and has been calling for greater help and support for students.
'Emily's legacy'
Mrs Drouet, from Glasgow, said: "The launch of the toolkit, along with the ministerial letter of guidance to the Scottish Funding Council, is a significant turning point with regards to gender-based violence on campus.
"It is a very important day for all Scottish students.
"This is Emily's legacy and I hope both staff and students will feel empowered by this resource."
Image caption Fiona Drouet and their husband Germain have been campaigning against gender-based violence since their daughter Emily's death
They added: "Institutions now have the help they need to pass the #emilytest and I believe that had this been in place while our daughter was at university it could have saved their lives.
"We couldn't help Emily but the #emilytest can save others - a legacy Emily would be proud of."
The Equally Safe in Higher Education Toolkit recommends that each university:
Develops a strategy and implementation plan to tackle gender-based violence
Establishes a strategic group to oversee the implementation of the strategy and appoint a named champion or co-ordinator to report on progress
Introduces guidance and training for staff to help them respond to any disclosures of gender based violence and provide support for victims
Develops a secure data collection system to record incidences of gender-based violence
Ensures well-publicised points of contact for students reporting gender-based violence
Introduces policies for staff and students - including a clearly-established code of conduct, disciplinary procedures and sanctions for perpetrators
Further and Higher Education Minister Shirley-Anne Somerville said: "Universities and colleges have a duty to foster a culture on campus that is clear in its condemnation of gender-based violence and gives staff and students the confidence to report unacceptable behaviour.
"That is why I have made the adoption of the policies and procedures outlined in this toolkit a key feature of my letter of guidance to the sector this year.
"I know universities and colleges are up for the challenge and I am keen to see this commitment translate into real, demonstrable action and change for women living, working and researching on campus."
Strathclyde University received more than £600,000 in funding over two years from the Violence Against Women and Girls Justice budget to pilot a two-year project to develop the guide.
It was developed by the university in collaboration with several organisations including Police Scotland, NUS Scotland, Glasgow and Clyde Rape Crisis Centre, the Scottish Women's Rights Centre and Scottish Women's Aid.
Sony Pictures Entertainment Inc.(LOS ANGELES) — It's game on for Dwayne Johnson, Kevin Hart and company, as Sony has greenlit a sequel to the 2017 blockbuster, Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle.
The announcement was made at Sony's CinemaCon presentation in Las Vegas on Monday, according to Variety.
The film starred Johnson and Hart, along with Jack Black, and Marvel movie star Karen Gillan as video game avatars to a group of high school students who are mysteriously sucked into the game.
The movie outperformed expectations, earning $400 million stateside and nearly $1 billion worldwide — becoming Sony Pictures' highest-grossing film ever.
The sequel is slated for a December 2019 release.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
6. And there are stories of people, revelling in their sexuality despite not feeling like the sexiest person in the room.
Indu Harikumar
“I had no idea how liberating sex can be until I met him. It is not like I had not had sex before. I have been quite adventurous since I was very young, but then I got married at the age of 22 and mellowed down. Since then, until three years ago, for about twelve years, the only person I slept with was my husband.
Now, I must add that I am neither a good looking, nor particularly sexy. I hate most parts of my body, especially my big breasts and flat butt, and believe I am ugly and fat – which I am. But he, with their fingers, their mouth, and their tongue transformed me. In that time I felt like the sexiest woman on earth. The affair continued after I returned and was followed up with naked selfies, butt shots and sexting. Months, and years passed. We met a few times, and each time they fucked me with the same passion and hunger. They sucked my nipples and licked my ass. And did many things that may be too graphic to mention but you get the drift.
This had an amazing effect on me. I started feeling beautiful and sexy, powerful and confident. I started refusing sex to the husband and masturbated and watched porn instead. I would send videos to G, but not let the husband touch me. In any case, their fucking me was only about themselves and I on the other hand was getting greedier.”
Hundreds of Clark County educators are forming a new teacher's union. This comes after the current union voted to cut ties with state and national teacher's associations.
Up until Thursday, the Clark County Education Association (CCEA) was the only union for educators in the county. It has nearly 11,000 members.
But after voting to leave state and national unions, a group of teachers said they still wanted that support.
The new union is called the National Education Association of Southern Nevada (NEA-SN). Before the announcement, it had at least 500 teachers signed up, ready to leave CCEA.
Nevada State Education Association president Ruben Murillo said since the announcement, he's received dozens of messages from teachers, interested in joining. They estimated the total doubled since Thursday morning.
“It's like a weight has been lifted off all of our shoulders,” Murillo said. “Now we can hit the road running, foster and grow our membership.”
Teachers who joined the union said they are looking for a fresh start.
“Now when I go into my classroom, I don't have to worry about having the stress of hearing about ‘We're having this problem,' or ‘the union isn't getting along,'” teacher Mercedes Krause said. “I don't have to think about that. I can just go and have a positive start to my day. And of course, that trickles down to students.”
The new union promised more benefits. Leaders said strong support in Carson City and Washington D.C. will help teachers get what they deserve.
“They're not happy with their health insurance, their professional growth plan,” Murillo said. “They're not happy with the lack of representation.”
But those are all issues CCEA said will improve once it cuts ties with state and national unions.
“More local control, being independent and having more resources to win for and to do things for educators, particularly in these challenging times,” CCEA executive director John Vellardita said.
They added this is not a surprising move.
“This is happening nationally, where the state and national organizations are losing locals, they want locals to be ATM machines, just give them money,” they said. “So we're not the first, we're not the last.”
Both sides were arguing their position is the best choice for educators.
“It's always a good thing; the more voices the better,” Murillo said.
“I don't think there's going to be any competition,” Vellardita said. “It's going to have a shelf life of a relatively short period of time then fizzle out.”
Both unions said this will not affect students.
HOPE for Nevada, a parent advocacy group, sent out this statement:
“It's unfortunate to see such a divide in a time when teachers are a unified force in other states. This affects our classrooms because as long as our education community is splintered, we lack a unified force to compel our state legislators to fund our teachers and our classrooms appropriately.”
Those who sign up for NEA-SN are immediately granted acceptance.
Hundreds of teachers will be members of both unions until they can disaffiliate in Sept.
CCEA is the recognized bargaining group.
Murillo said since NEA-SN is newly established, it does not have that status. But they said that doesn't mean educators won't have a say.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Tower Bridge swooped late to win the Nathaniel Lacy & Partners Solicitors Novice Hurdle, the opening event of the inaugural Dublin Racing Festival at Leopardstown.
The Joseph O'Brien-trained runner was the (outsider) of the seven-strong field and J J Slevin had them switched off at the back of the pack as Paul Townend set out to make all on 7-4 favourite Fabulous Saga.
The latter had built up a substantial lead and was still five lengths clear with three to jump, but Dicey O'Reilly was leading the chase and Fabulous Saga was clearly out of gas coming to the last.
It looked as though Jetz had stolen the advantage up the inside, but Slevin delivered the 25-1 winner down the middle of the track on the run to the line and Tower Bridge kept responding, eventually shading it on the line.
It was a first Grade 1 victory for JJ Slevin.
Gottlieb says the action should serve as notice to others
A U.S. government-led sting operation of retailers including 7-Eleven Inc. stores and Royal Dutch Shell Plc gas stations led to 40 warnings for selling Juul e-cigarettes to kids.
The Food and Drug Administration letters are part of an undercover operation the agency has been conducting this month to stop retailers from selling the newest craze in underage tobacco use. Juul e-cigarettes, made by San Francisco-based Juul Labs Inc., resemble a USB thumb drive and have worried regulators and parents because they aren't easily identified as a tobacco product.
“This blitz, and resulting actions, should serve as notice that we will not tolerate the sale of any tobacco products to youth,” FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said in a statement.
The FDA also demanded that Juul turn over documents relating to product marketing and research related to youth appeal.
“We don't yet fully understand why these products are so popular among youth,” Gottlieb said. “But it's imperative that we figure it out, and fast.”
The FDA also found some Juul products for sale on EBay Inc., which the online company quickly took down.
Juul held a 39 percent share of the electronic-device smoking market by dollars over the 13 weeks though March, according to data from IRI. That's up 32 percent from the same period last year. Juul was more than twice the size of its next largest competitor, Vuse, which is owned by British American Tobacco Plc's Reynolds American division.
— With assistance by Jennifer Kaplan
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RAYTOWN, Mo. -- Several homes, businesses and cars in Raytown are being targeted by thieves, and surveillance video and photos appear to show a group of young men behind it all.
The thieves appear to be no older than teenagers and have been seen carrying large electronics down the street. A witness snapped photos of the men after calling police.
One homeowner tells FOX4 the electronics they're carrying appear to be the same ones that were stolen from their home earlier that same day. They came home from work to find their door had been kicked in, and they were missing electronics, jewelry and prescription medicine.
“It's definitely hard, and it's been a roller coaster of emotions these past couple of days," said the woman who didn't want them named to be used. "We've spent today, this afternoon just trying to clean up the messes that they've created.”
They have since updated their home's doors, windows and security system but said they won't feel comfortable again until the people responsible are caught.
“Very violated, very violated. When someone goes into your home and shifts through your personal belongings, there are no words but 'distraught,'” they said.
A Raytown business owner also caught teens this week that were dressed similarly going through cars outside them business.
“They're too young to come in here obviously, so they went around the building, and they were rifling through cars if the car wasn't locked,” Kathy Ramey said.
Ramey has owned Kathy's Daily Double Bar for more than 30 years. They said they haven't had many incidents like this, and they were shocked to see people so young on the surveillance footage.
“They belong in school," they said. "They belong somewhere not out at 10:30 at night on a school night. They need something better to do than just bum around.”
She, too, wants these teens identified and caught before they cause any more damage.
“Raytown is a good community," Ramey said. "We're close knit. We're working people. We love our community. The police department is awesome. The mayor is awesome. They love Raytown. We're close knit, and we would just like to keep it to where we don't have these problems."
FOX4 has reached out to Raytown Police for comment on these crimes but have not yet heard back.
Anyone with information on these crimes or the people shown in the surveillance footage should call Raytown Police at 816-737-6020.
Sertec supplies body shell components to automotive firms such as Jaguar Land Rover and Ford. The Coleshill-based manufacturer turns 50 this year and chief executive Grant Adams explains how two investments from BGF and its investor Ian Downing are spearheading another half century of growth
Grant Adams of Sertec says:
Our customers include Jaguar Land Rover, Ford, Scania, and Adient – one of the biggest tier one supplier in the world.
We reached a position where we received approaches from trade buyers, some here in the UK but also some over in the US, who wanted to acquire the whole company.
Private equity houses also showed some interest.
We actually came very close to a deal with an American outfit which I felt fitted well with the culture of Sertec.
They appeared to be a good home in terms of what they did and what we did but, when it came down to it, they were unable to get the deal over the line.
So we looked around and discovered that BGF was the right fit for us.
In the beginning, one of the important things we wanted to identify was whether they had the appetite for further investment.
For us, it was all about the long-term growth of the business – and the first deal last year allowed us to buy more equipment and machinery.
Within two months of that original deal we approached BGF about taking a site in Hams Hall to centralise our distribution operations in the group.
In addition, we wanted to enhance our product portfolio and customer base and increase our manufacturing footprint.
We agreed a deal, with BGF's support, to buy Wild Automotive which enabled us to do all three.
That was the biggest investment Sertec ever made in any acquisition – we have made nine over the years.
We would not have been able to do that without the investment from BGF.
As a result of the acquisition, we gained four sites in Witton, Redditch, Germany and Hungary where we have put in £7m worth of brand-new presses.
In terms of Europe, between where we have bases in Hungary and Germany, there is Slovakia and Austria.
Jaguar Land Rover is doing a lot of investment in those areas, building a factory in Slovakia, and we can see it having another base like its one in Solihull there.
That's a massive growth opportunity for us but, on top of that, we need to grow our customer base and increase our product range.
We have a target wish list of customers that we don't currently supply, and a list of those that we do supply but with which we would like to increase our market share.
So that is what we are gearing up the business to do, hence why we bought out Wild Automotive and now the resource coming in from outside.
Wild Automotive is very prevalent in wire forming, which you find in car seats, and also supplies hinges and washers and other components which we don't.
What we have found since the acquisition is that the cross-selling opportunities have been incredible.
The beauty of the facility in Hungary, and the land it sits on, is that we could replicate our Coleshill facility there.
I don't see us branching out of automotive into other fields as there is just too much to go at in this sector.
Our industry is very capital intensive and we would not have been able to do what we have done without the support from BGF.
BGF investor Ian Downing says:
Our relationship with Sertec goes back three or four years which was well ahead of any investment happening.
One of BGF's owners, Lloyds Bank, has been Sertec's bank for a long time and it was an introduction via its relationship manager which brought us into contact.
We met up in August 2015 which is when we really got into discussions.
Sertec was saying it was ready to speak with us as it had an investment it wanted to make.
We spent the next few months talking about how that might shape up before it eventually completed the deal the following February.
We made a £10m investment to support a couple of things.
One enabled ongoing expenditure into the business for items, such as new facilities and machinery, and the second related to the Mosedale family.
The business had grown from a turnover of under £50m at the time of our first meeting, to £200m by the time we made that first investment, which is huge over a relatively short space of time – around five years.
BGF's subsequent investment into Sertec of £5m, made last summer, started almost before the ink had dried on that first deal – and included the opportunity to buy Wild Automotive, which was a substantial business in its own right.
Sertec had been having informal discussions with them so, as soon as we had completed that first investment, we went straight into discussions about providing some further funding.
Wild Automotive's bases in Hungary and Germany represented a key step for Sertec, enabling them to move into Europe.
As a business we were very keen to support the automotive sector after seeing lots of success in this industry over the past decade following a long and difficult period.
It has come through the bottom of the trough and it is now an attractive sector again.
BGF had been seeking interesting businesses in the automotive sector in which we could invest.
The history of the automotive sector is all about using steel.
Sertec has a key capability in aluminium structures, and we are seeing the process of cars becoming lighter and more fuel efficient, particularly electric vehicles.
Taking steel out and using aluminium instead helps to make them lighter and improves the range.
Sertec has some real skills in this field, particularly as a result of its close working relationship with Jaguar Land Rover.
Sertec clearly has scale, is an important strategic supplier to its customers, has a great management team and culture and has some really interesting plans about how it is going to develop its future.
We worked really hard to find a way to work together with the Sertec team and quickly formed a good working relationship.
BGF is the most active and influential investor in growing companies across the UK. The independent company provides long-term capital for a minority stake, from earlier stage investments to established private and AIM-listed companies.
The opioid crisis is described now as a “national emergency” by the president. Will this open the floodgates for more funding, more help?
Last week, the president said he's declaring a national emergency of opioid abuse. What might that mean? The details are still to come, but the country is watching. 60,000 drug-related deaths predicted for the latest year. That's a 9/11 every three weeks, says Chris Christie, chairperson of the president's commission on opioid abuse. So, if there's an emergency level response, where will that focus? On treatment? On police? On a wall? This hour On Point: the presidents “national emergency” on opioids. — Tom Ashbrook
Guests
Lenny Bernstein, health and medicine reporter for the Washington Post. (@LennyMBernstein)
Bertha Madras, member of President Trump's five-person Commission on Combating Drug Addiction and the Opioid Crisis. Psychobiologist at McLean Hospital, and a professor at Harvard Medical School.
Helen Jones-Kelley, executive director of the Alcohol, Drug Addiction and Mental Health Services for Montgomery County, Ohio.
From Tom's Reading List
Washington Post: Trump says opioid crisis is a national emergency, pledges more money and attention — “President Trump on Thursday declared the country's opioid crisis a national emergency, saying the epidemic exceeded anything they had seen with other drugs in their lifetime. The statement by the president came in response to a question as they spoke to reporters outside a national security briefing at their golf club in Bedminster, N.J., where they are on a working vacation.”
Financial Times: Drug industry faces ‘tidal wave' of litigation over opioid crisis — “Companies that make or distribute opioid painkillers are facing a “tidal wave” of litigation as US officials seek to raise funds to fight the country's addiction epidemic and punish those they accuse of fuelling the crisis. The number of government officials launching legal action against drugmakers and wholesalers has soared in the past year in what some lawyers see as a harbinger of a settlement that could echo the more than $200bn extracted from the tobacco industry in 1998.”
NPR: What Could Happen If Trump Formally Declares Opioids A National Emergency — “The president could ask HHS Secretary Price to declare an emergency under the Public Health Service Act. Unlike FEMA, HHS doesn't have a standing emergency fund (although during last year's Zika virus scare, many people urged that one be established), but money could be freed up. Right now, public health workers and researchers are working on projects defined by grants from HHS. If Price were to declare an emergency, those workers could be redeployed temporarily, from working on AIDS outreach for example, to work on substance abuse issues.”
The National Ranching Heritage Center will provide a variety of week-long summer youth classes June 5-9 for children who have completed the first through fifth grades. Children will participate in hands-on classes that will stimulate their imagination as they experience pioneer life as it was centuries ago, express themselves through ranch art, make a Western movie from their own script, and learn the basics of leather working. Classes will meet each morning from 8:30 to 12:30, and class size will be limited to 15 students. Registration is $60 and includes a t-shirt. Download a brochure and register now at http://ranchingheritage.org/summer-youth-classes/. Posted:
4/17/2017
Originator:
Julie Hodges
Email:
julie.hodges@ttu.edu
Department:
National Ranching Heritage Center
Event Information
Time: 8:30 AM - 12:30 PM
Event Date: 6/5/2017
Location:
National Ranching Heritage Center 3121 4th Street
Export to MS Outlook
Categories
Arts & Entertainment
The governor of hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico — where more than 90 percent of the homes and businesses remain without power — wants Tesla chief and renewable energy guru Elon Musk to get the juice back on.
“Do you want to show the world the power and scalability of your #TeslaTechnologies?” Gov. Ricardo Rossello tweeted Thursday at Musk. “PR could be that flagship project.”
Musk replied on Friday that they “would be happy to talk.”
Rossello told reporters they expect to have a conversation with the Tesla chief executive officer, and said Puerto Rico needs to consider meeting its
energy needs with more environmentally friendly technology.
Musk themselves prompted the conversation with a tweet earlier Thursday.
“The Tesla team has done this for many smaller islands around the world, but there is no scalability limit, so it can be done for Puerto Rico too. Such a decision would be in the hands of the PR govt. … and, most importantly, the people of PR,” Musk tweeted.
“I fully support this!” Glorimar Ripoll, Puerto Rico's chief innovation officer, chimed in a tweet replying to the governor's post. “Let's build the Puerto Rico we all want through innovation #letstalk.”
Tesla is already among a number of US companies sending rooftop panels and batteries to Puerto Rico, where more than 90 percent of homes and businesses remain without electricity more than two weeks after Hurricane Maria destroyed the grid, Bloomberg reported.
The storms knocked out power to millions of utility customers who depend largely on fossil-fuel plants and long-distance transmission lines for service.
Some in Puerto Rico may be in the dark for months as the grid is repaired.
This isn't the first time Musk has been approached via social media to demonstrate Tesla's power-storage technology.
Earlier this year, Musk wagered via Twitter that Tesla could install the world's biggest battery project in Australia within 100 days, or else it would be free. They told reporters last week that the project was on track to meet the deadline.
Tesla also completed a solar energy project on the island of Ta'u in American Samoa.
Meanwhile, President Trump — who has commented several times on how much it will cost to rebuild the US territory — continued praising their administration's relief efforts.
“We love Puerto Rico. We're doing great stuff there. We're marshaling every federal resource at our disposal. We will not rest until that job is done,” they said at the White House during a celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month.
With Bloomberg
You will need approval for what you do this weekend, even though you would prefer to just get on with it regardless of what other people think. The fact is you don't yet have the power to make it happen on your own – you will need assistance.
FILE - In this Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, file photo, a self-driving Uber sits ready to take journalists for a ride during a media preview in Pittsburgh. Uber is refuting claims that its expansion into self-driving cars hinges on trade secrets stolen from a Google spinoff, arguing that its ride-hailing service has been working on potentially superior technology. The defense presented in documents filed Friday, April 7, 2017, in San Francisco federal court marks Uber's first detailed response to explosive allegations that its self-driving cars are using a crucial piece of technology designed by Waymo, a company created from Google's work on autonomous vehicles. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar, File)
A couple who allege an Uber driver tried four times to run them down in April while threatening to kill them sued the company and the driver Monday.
John Christopher Burget and fiancee Kristin Currey brought the lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court against Uber Technologies Inc. and driver Destiny Riddle. The suit alleges negligence, assault, battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress and false imprisonment. Burget is seeking $4.95 million in damages and Currey is asking for $750,000.
Uber hired and retained Riddle despite their "record of violent and confrontational behavior," the suit states.
Neither the plaintiffs' attorney, Mark Mazda, nor an Uber representative could be immediately reached.
The suit does not state where Riddle picked up the pair on April 22. During the ride, Currey complained to Riddle about the loud volume of the music they were playing and the offensive lyrics, but the request only caused them to become "extremely confrontational and violent," the suit states.
"Riddle refused to turn the music down or off," the suit states. "So, Burget and Currey asked Riddle to let them out of the car. Riddle refused." Riddle only permitted the plaintiffs to leave the car after they called 911, the suit states.
"However, after they were out of the car, Riddle attempted to run them over four times," the suit states. "Riddle expressly stated to plaintiffs while they were doing this that they were going to kill them."
Riddle tried three times to run the two over while driving in reverse at high speed, then turned around and aimed at them again, the suit alleges.
"The only reason Riddle stopped attempting to run them over was because the police were arriving at the scene," the suit states. "Riddle fled the scene in their Uber car and was eventually arrested by police."
Burget, who previously had knee implant surgery in one leg and a hamstring injury in the other leg, hurt themselves while jumping out of the way of Riddle's car, the suit states.
Burget has had further surgery on the leg with the implant and they may lose that limb from the knee down, the suit states. They tore their hamstring in the other leg and has had flashbacks about the confrontation with Riddle, the suit states.
Currey also was injured while leaping out of the way of Riddle's car and both they and Burget suffered emotional distress, according to the complaint.
"Currey feared and still fears that Riddle would or will show up at their house and harm her, Burget, and/or Currey's children," the suit states.
The suit further states that Riddle swung an aluminum softball bat and chased for two miles in their car a process server who tried to serve them with papers the plaintiffs filed in support of their successful bid for a temporary restraining order against the Uber driver.
"That process server fled for their life," the suit states.
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
Image copyright PA
The end of August will be 20 years since the untimely death of Diana Princess of Wales, and we would like to hear your memories of them
The princess died following a car crash in Paris on 31 August 1997 which also claimed the lives of their companion Dodi Al-Fayed and the vehicle's driver, Henri Paul.
In the days that followed, hundreds of mourners gathered at Diana's London home, Kensington Palace where flowers, candles and tributes were laid at the gates.
Image copyright PA
They were well-loved by the public, and was the source of much interest among the media.
Them high-profile enabled them to raise awareness on issues they championed in their charity work including homelessness, Aids victims, and the banning of landmines.
We're keen to hear your stories and experiences of how the princess has touched your life.
Did you meet Princess Diana? Did you work for one of their charities or benefit from their work? What is their legacy? Email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your stories.
Please include a contact number if you are willing to speak to a BBC journalist. You can also contact us in the following ways:
A woman was killed in a crash on the U.S. 95 and Ann Road, April 27, 2018. (Photo: NHP)
One person was killed in a crash on the U.S. 95 in northwest Las Vegas, according to Nevada Highway Patrol. (FastCam)
A woman died in a crash on the U.S. 95 in northwest Las Vegas, according to Nevada Highway Patrol. (Photo: NHP)
A woman was killed in a crash on the U.S. 95 near Ann Road Friday. (Photo: NHP)
The Clark County Coroner identified a woman killed in a crash on U.S. 95 near Ann Road on April 27.
Sandra Bonafont, 56, died of multiple blunt force injuries, according to the coroner's office.
Nevada Highway Patrol said Bonafont was driving a Toyota Camry before being rear-ended by Eric Brzoza.
Brzoza was driving a Chevrolet Trailblazer on the U.S. 95 southbound at a high speed, north of the Ann Road overpass.
Bonafont was pronounced dead at the scene.
Nevada Highway Patrol said on April 29, Brzoza was arrested and booked for reckless driving resulting in death, driving on a suspended license and not wearing a seatbelt.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — It's time to cast a line. It's time to bait your hook. It's time to find the lunker. It's time to fish.
Well, it's almost time to fish. That's why we want to find the state's best fishing guide in time to book an appointment before summer arrives!
Your many, many nominations (hundreds of them) helped us narrow the field down to the following nominees. Your vote will help determine the winner.
Best Fishing Guide in Minnesota
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A second rally was underway in Minneapolis Monday night in response to the violence in Charlottesville surrounding a gathering of white supremacist groups.
The anti-racism rally in Minneapolis began around 5 p.m. outside the Minnesota Republican Party office on Franklin Avenue. About 200 people were in attendance, and hundreds more were expected to join.
Organizers say the gathering is to show they are not afraid and will oppose racist attacks whenever and wherever they happen. The rally is one of many popping up all over the country in response to the deadly events surrounding the “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville.
Dave Biking, one of the organizers of Monday's protest in Minneapolis, is concerned that the violence that erupted in Virginia could happen in Minnesota.
“The good news is that while white supremacists have gotten stronger…the anti-racist movement is also growing and is much stronger, probably than it has ever been,” Biking said.
The Rev. Steve Daniels Jr., of Shiloh Baptist Church is St. Paul, says deep racial divisions are nothing new in America.
“I grew up in Mississippi in the '50s and '60s,” they said. “I lived it first-hand.”
Daniels is a product of the Civil Rights movement and says the images from Charlottesville compare to their experiences growing up in the South — experiences they never thought their children and grandchild would know.
“To know that America is supposed to be the moral compass for the world and here we are acting like we don't love each other…it is sad,” they said.
Daniels says young people in their congregation are watching the events in Virginia, feeling hurt and outraged. The pastor says he's encouraging the youth to rally around a common goal with a commitment to nonviolence.
“You got to stand for one goal, for one cause…and work towards that,” they said.
On Sunday, Minnesotans gathered in Minneapolis to walk around a lake in solidarity with the counter-protesters who stood against the white supremacist groups in Charlottesville.
Amid the violence in Virginia over the weekend, a car driven by a suspected white nationalist plowed into a group of counter-protesters, injuring 19 people and killing one woman.
Twenty-year-old James Fields faces charges of second-degree murder.
Navarasa Nayaka Jaggesh's first son, Guru a.k.a Gururaj Jaggesh, was stabbed by miscreants on Saturday morning, August 12. The mishap took place in R. T. Nagar on the morning of August 12.
Gururaj was attacked by a couple of goons when the former was going to drop their kids to school. By standers opine that the entire mishap took place due to misunderstanding, apparently.
The actor has now been admitted to a private hospital and is getting treatment. Reportedly, since the felons stabbed them on their thighs due to which the actor is said to be safe and sound. Police have apparently registered a complaint and have visited the spot to investigate more.
Actor Jaggesh, who reacted to this mishap, responded to the media's queries and said, "Guru had gone to drop the kids to school on that morning. On the way, there was an altercation between my son and some miscreants which led to the misfortune."
They further added, "No, we do not know who they are. It is not about any enmity. They might be some rowdy-sheeters who do all these deleterious acts. If they had stabbed theirs even a little upwards, things would have taken a different turn by now. Thank God, they are safe and is recovering well."
Jaggesh concluded by saying that their son will be fine as long as people's blessings are on them and their family. Gururaj Jaggesh was last seen in the recently released, Mass Leader, alongside Shivarajkumar and Vijay Raghavendra.
The board of directors of the Upper Trinity Groundwater Conservation District will meet at 5 p.m. March 19 at the Springtown office, 1859 W. Highway 199. Read the full agenda at the district's website at: uppertrinitygcd.com.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DOUGLAS COUNTY, Kan. -- Douglas County sheriff's deputies continue to investigate the deaths of three people outside of Lawrence - including a 3-year-old girl.
Around 1:30 Sunday afternoon, officers responded to a call at East 900 County Road southwest of Lawrence, near Clinton Lake. Officers say a woman had been shot and killed in a driveway. A former employer identified that woman as Erin Berg.
Hours later and roughly 10 miles away near K-10 and Haskell at Baker University Wetlands, officers found Berg's car, and the bodies of their 3-year old daughter and the child's father.
Berg's former employer says the girl was named Mazey.
Officers say Berg and the child's father had once been in a relationship. Officers do not know why Berg was shot and killed in a driveway, which it appears has no connection to any of the people involved.
"A baby," Pat Beard said softly, "that's terrible."
Beard lives down the hill from the first crime scene, a driveway on East 900 County Road.
A father and grandfather himself, Beard reflected on the crime they overheard.
"I heard this popping sound," they explained as they stood in their yard Monday. "And I thought it was firecrackers. And my wife came out a few minutes later and said, did you hear those gunshots?"
More than 24 hours after it happened, the crime scene was still blocked off. Markers where the bullets fell still stood, and crime scene tape still hung from tree trunks.
The Douglas County Sheriff Office says it believes the man shot and killed the woman.
In a statement it released, the Sheriff's Office said "It's not yet known why they had been in the 1000 Blk of E. 900 or why the shooting took place. It is believed after the man shot the woman, they drove to the Baker Wetlands in the woman's vehicle where they then took the life of their daughter before taking their own life."
Since it happened on Baker University property, the University released this statement on Monday, saying in part: "we offer our deepest sympathies to the victims' families."
Beard, the man who overheard the gunshots, is a father and grandfather himself.
"I think more about the family of the lady," said Beard, "and even the guy. And the grandparents of that baby and what they have to be going through right now. That's got to be rough. That's got to be rough."
FOX 4 spoke with The Willow Domestic Violence Center in Lawrence on Monday afternoon. Will Averill said domestic violence is often the end result of abuse.
That spokesperson also says the Lawrence community has a problem with domestic violence, and says it is largely underreported.
North Las Vegas police said they arrested a man in connection with a crash Saturday night that left a teenage boy critically injured.
Jonathan Jackson, 31, was arrested for driving under the influence, reckless driving and leaving the scene of an accident, according to police.
The department tweeted about 8 p.m. Saturday that the intersection of North 5th Street and Washburn Road was closed after the crash. One person was transported to a nearby hospital with life-threatening injuries, the tweet said.
Officer Aaron Patty of the North Las Vegas Police Department said they believe Jonathan, who was driving a black Chevrolet Impala caused the crash.
The vehicle was speeding and witnesses told police they ran a red light. The Impala then crashed into a silver Hyundai traveling west on Washburn Road, injuring the people inside the vehicle, Patty said.
Two people were in each vehicle and all four were transported to the hospital, including a 16-year-old boy who was in critical condition.
Avoid the area. Stay with FOX5 for updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Buffalo Bills wide receiver Kelvin Benjamin scored their first touchdown with their new team on Sunday against the Indianapolis Colts. Adrian Kraus AP
This article was originally published on The Conversation, an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts. Disclosure information is available on the original site.
——
Author: David Tindall, Professor of Sociology, University of British Columbia
In the lead-up to the last federal election, Justin Trudeau said: “Governments might grant permits, but only communities can grant permission.”
Vancouver and Burnaby did not grant permission to the Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion. Neither did a number of smaller Indigenous and non-Indigenous communities.
Nevertheless, Trudeau's Liberal government approved the expansion. Then, this week, Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced that the government was taking over the project from Kinder Morgan.
This was a momentous day in terms of environmental politics. What are the potential consequences of the announcement?
The decision poses real risks to the federal Liberals, including harm to its reconciliation efforts with First Nations, strain on federal-provincial relations, accusations of interference in B.C. politics, the potential collapse of the federal carbon-pricing scheme and consequences for the environmental movement.
There are currently 18 federal Liberal MPs from B.C., many of whom will be in jeopardy in the next election because of the decision.
In the last election, environmental organizations like Dogwood and Leadnow worked to elect candidates who were progressive on environmental issues. In the next election, those groups and others like them will be steering voters away from the Liberals.
Trudeau vowed respect to Indigenous peoples
Another plank in Trudeau's federal election platform was “… for Canada to have a renewed, nation-to-nation relationship with Indigenous Peoples, based on recognition, rights, respect, co-operation, and partnership. This is both the right thing to do and a sure path to economic growth.”
While it's true that there are differences of opinion among Indigenous communities in terms of opposition or support for the Trans Mountain pipeline, based on my personal communications as a scholar who studies environmental movements, there are more Aboriginals opposed than in favour.
Already, several Aboriginal-led court challenges threaten the pipeline's expansion. It's possible that the federal government's acquisition of the project could make things more complicated, and may lead to further court challenges.
The decision will also put further strain on federal-provincial relations, at least with regard to British Columbia. The province's premier, John Horgan, has made every effort to avoid having tensions with the federal government and their Alberta counterpart become personal, and they have tended to avoid escalating the situation.
However, Horgan's NDP, with the support of the Green Party, will continue with its court challenge, and perhaps take other measures, so it's hard to imagine how tensions will ease.
One potential provincial consequence is that the pipeline decision could affect opinion about the upcoming provincial referendum on electoral reform in B.C.
It seems plausible that discontent with the status quo underlying the pipeline decision may result in increased support for changing the political system at the provincial level.
A gift to Rachel Notley?
One of the federal government's motivations was to deliver a pipeline to Alberta Premier Rachel Notley in exchange for their government taking action on legislation regarding carbon pricing and other measures aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Polls suggest Notley is likely to be replaced by provincial Conservative leader Jason Kenney in the next election, and also indicate Doug Ford could win in Ontario, although he's in a tight race with the NDP's Andrea Horwath.
Both Kenney and Ford have promised to oppose carbon pricing. And so it seems possible that the Trudeau government could have unwittingly unleashed the “carbon bomb” of the oilsands, as world-famous climate scientist James Hansen has referred to it, as the federal carbon-pricing scheme stalls.
The environmental movement has done a lot to oppose the expansion of the pipeline by raising awareness and mobilizing action about climate change. It has influenced public opinion, suggested policy options and worked to varying degrees with governments and industry.
May 29 was a tremendously disappointing day for the movement, but it's unlikely to roll over and play dead. It will continue to ally itself with First Nations who are opposed to the pipeline, to engage in court challenges and to try to sway public opinion.
Protests will also continue. It's possible that illegal protests will escalate, and this could be consequential. During the Civil Rights movement, for example, the arrest and jailing of peaceful African-American demonstrators had a positive impact on perceptions of their plight; the public saw them as being treated unjustly.
The same could happen in Canada, depending on who is involved, what actions are taken and how things play out.
The environmental movement will also be highly active in the next federal election, and this time it's unlikely its members will be knocking on doors on behalf of the federal Liberals.
It's also possible this will be a watershed moment for youth activists, who may be increasingly mobilized by the climate crisis and the inconsistency between Trudeau's words in Paris on climate change and in Canada on pipelines, not to mention their potential dismay that Indigenous peoples might once again be facing unjust treatment.
The coming years will be interesting, and likely tense.
——
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Disclosure information is available on the original site. Read the original article:
https://theconversation.com/justin-trudeaus-risky-gamble-on-the-tran https://theconversation.c
When the Missouri Tigers (15-5) arrived in Baton Rouge for their Southeastern Conference opener against No. 16 LSU, it was clear what kind of firepower they would be up against.
LSU (14-7) is the reigning SEC champion and was runner-up in the 2017 College World Series. Its leader in batting average a year ago and 2018 D1Baseball Preseason Second-Team All-American Zach Watson is back in purple and gold this year. Junior outfielder Antoine Duplantis was named by SEC coaches to the Preseason All-SEC First-Team.
LSU as a team is slashing .302/.397/.456. Only one of its regulars doesn't have a home run on the season, and that one player happens to be Brandt Broussard, who leads the team with a .388 average and 26 hits.
Fittingly, LSU scored 17 runs on Missouri over the weekend — the most MU has given up in a three-game series this year — and took the series 2-1. Bryce Montes de Oca showed significant command issues in Missouri's 4-2 loss on Friday, walking seven Tigers, the most since their opening start against FIU. Andy Toelken surrendered their highest run total since their loss against Northeastern, allowing three earned in just three innings in the Tigers 7-5 loss.
There is a silver lining here despite the Tigers' first series loss of 2018.
They're showing improvement against intense competition. Missouri defeated LSU on Saturday 12-6. It was Mizzou's first ever win over LSU after starting 0-13. And it now has defeated three ranked opponents this year after beating then-ranked No. 24 Miami back on February 21 and No. 20 Wichita State last Tuesday. A team showing it can keep up with the best is far more telling than what the win-loss record displays.
In game one, Missouri had the bases loaded in the seventh down three with no outs but only got two runs on a Chris Cornelius sacrifice fly and a Trey Harris ground out. On Sunday, LSU kept a 3-2 lead until the sixth, when it scored three runs on T.J. Sikkema. Sikkema had previously been virtually untouchable, allowing just a run in 10.3 innings beforehand. Kameron Misner brought the Tigers to within two runs on a three-run jack in the ninth, but they went quietly after that.
On the positive side, Michael Plassmeyer was filthy again, striking out eight and allowing just two earned runs in seven innings on Saturday. Plassmeyer's ERA is at 2.81 in a team-leading 32 innings. He's walked four batters this year, and their 10.75 strikeout-to-walk ratio is tops on the team by a landslide. The junior's taken a serious step forward this year, bringing their ERA down by more than two runs from 4.83 in 2017, and they are 3-0 because of it.
Missouri will break from SEC play this week when it hosts Arkansas State (8-8, 0-3 in the Sun Belt) on Tuesday and Wednesday.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - Feb. 15, 2017) - Star Yield Managers Trust (TSX:XYM.UN) announced today a cash distribution for the month of March. Unitholders of record at the close of business on February 28, 2017, will receive a cash distribution of $0.05 per unit, payable on or about March 14, 2017.
Further information about Star Yield Managers Trust can be found at www.bmocm.com/investorsolutions under "Closed-End Funds".
Billionaire investor Warren Buffett most certainly is not on the Trump Train but they continue to believe that America will continue to achieve a strong growth in living standards.
Writing in a foreword to “Social Value Investing,” a new book written by the Sage of Omaha's son, Howard W. Buffett, and William B. Eimicke published yesterday, they reinforce their positive outlook on the U.S.'s economic future.
Buffett writes: “I am an optimist, a very realistic optimist...I believe that living standards around the world will continue improving far into the future,as they have done in America since our forefathers discovered the country's secret sauce.”
Excited to share: my new book comes out 5/29. In it you'll find stories of CEOs, nonprofit managers, and community leaders collaborating on amazing projects. You'll also learn about a framework for replicating their success: Social Value Investing. @S_V_Ihttps://t.co/TtUwJHcJgf pic.twitter.com/8oO5vhZeKY — Howard W. Buffett (@hbuffett) May 26, 2018
They add: “America has led the way with an innovative market system built upon a rule of law and equality of opportunity. This combination has delivered incredible growth during my lifetime — real GDP per capita has increased sixfold since my birth in 1930. And our economy will continue to benefit from a steady unleashing of human potential.”
“This is never more evident than when I meet with university students...my message is consistent: Despite the difficulties we face, I am confident that their grandchildren will live in a world with far greater abundance than we have today. After we talk, I always come away feeling even more optimistic about the future.”
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
Several years ago a letter arrived with a return address that immediately caught my attention. It was from a prisoner in Maximum Security at the Utah State Prison. My interest was immediately piqued and I tore open the envelope and began to read. It was from a prisoner on death row, Doug Lovell. Their story caught me completely by surprise:
Several years ago PBS had featured a one-hour documentary on the work we do in India with the leprosy-affected called Breaking the Curse. It proved to be wildly popular, eventually gaining over 1,000 showings on PBS. It even won the Gracie Award that year! But the greatest impact it had on me personally arrived in this letter from Maximum Security.
Doug had seen the documentary in their cell and had been profoundly touched. They decided to send $5 a month to support our work in India. They said they could do this because the state allotted them $30/month to purchase necessities such as shaving cream, deodorant, etc. They normally managed to save enough money to buy themselves one Coca-Cola a week. By giving up their Coke, they figured they could manage this donation. I wondered how long their resolve might hold.
Their checks began arriving each month like clockwork. After several months, I wrote them a thank-you note. They responded immediately and thus an interesting relationship of pen pals was born.
I have now been corresponding with them for more than ten years. I have visited them in prison (yes, in Maximum Security!) on a number of occasions. They have also become incredibly dedicated to our work in India. Their donations quickly increased to $10/month—a third of their income! They took a job at the prison delivering meals to newly arrived inmates to earn more money to donate. That has had a tsunami affect!
As they meet new prisoners, they are generally very depressed and hopeless. They are overcome with feelings of self-recrimination and worthlessness. Doug understands where they are coming from.  They are in prison for a hideous crime of rape and murder and for many years figured there was no salvation or forgiveness possible for him. But they were eventually converted back to God and wishes now to do all in their power to help others who are struggling.
They quietly encourage these discouraged men with downcast eyes and heavy hearts that no matter what they have done, they can still reach out to God—that  They are in fact, waiting to hear from them with open arms. If they don't believe it, they tell them, “they should write to Becky”.
As a result, I am now writing to nearly 30 men in prison! My husband teases me that I have more pen pals who are incarcerated than who walk free! They are desperate to know that God still loves them; that they still have worth. Their crimes run the gamut; from the former Stake Presidency member with two sons on a mission who got involved in white-collar crime—to a man in prison for abusing multiple children.
Doug also convinced their prison Bishop that they should invite me to speak to the prisoners, so I received an invitation to address men from the general prison population at the weekly LDS Church Service at the prison. I decided to speak on, “The Eternal Worth of a Soul”. I was the only speaker and given forty minutes.
Along with the Bishopric, I stood at the entrance to the prison chapel as the men filed in. Each one introduced themselves by name. I smiled, looked in their eyes, and repeated their names as I shook their hands. The chapel was filled.
As I looked out over the congregation I was struck by their expressions. Some seemed a bit defiant or even ashamed, but for the most part there was humility and suffering in their faces. I prayed for guidance to say what would be needed.
As I talked, I watched expressions changing. I saw a glimmer of hope on some faces. One man was teary. Others remained expressionless. I had been warned that at ten minutes to the hour the lights would flicker and a large number would walk out to attend their other elective activity. Sure enough when the lights flickered about 30 men got up and walked out. Then unbelievably a minute later, most of them walked back in again! They had convinced their guards to let them return. They clearly hungered to hear that they still had worth to God, that They could be forgiving and that They loved them regardless of their choices.
Afterwards a number of men crowded around wanting to thank me for the message. Some choked up as they spoke, some were clearly embarrassed by their situation, but quietly told me that they felt my words were meant for them, and were what they needed to hear.
The entire event was incredibly humbling.
A few days later I received a note from a Bishop from another ward at the prison—this one in Maximum Security. They wondered if I could return the following Sunday and share the same message with prisoners in Maximum Security. Returning the following Sunday I had another remarkable experience.
This time there was no general worship meeting. Instead we had to meet the prisoners either individually or two by two. They were shackled at the waist to their chairs. Their feet were shackled, as were their hands. It felt a bit awkward. But once again I was struck by how hungry they were to find their way back to God.
One man in particular, impressed me. They were a tall, striking African American. They spoke of how they wanted to know if there was a way back for him. They said they had begun reading the New Testament. When I asked them about their family they told me that their father was a Protestant Minister in South Carolina.
“My father, Reverend John, is a good man. My whole family are good people, except for me.” With the last three words their eyes shifted downward with shame. As I prodded them to tell me more they continued hesitantly, “My father is ashamed of me.” I asked them if they had tried to contact their father? They replied that they had written them many times asking for money, but had never received an answer.
I asked them if they would like me to try to contact their father. “Oh yes”, they nodded. They gave me their father's phone number. What is your message for your father? They replied, “Tell them how much I respect them and mom and my brothers and sisters. Tell them how sorry I am and that I'm ready to change. Tell them that more than anything I want to make my father proud one day.”
“Okay” I said. “But I'm not going to ask your father for money and neither are you if they respond—until you can first repair your relationship.” They seemed surprised, but then agreed.
I thought of how our Heavenly parents might react to this child desperately wanting to come back not only to their earthly father, but to their Heavenly Father and Mother, as well. Their earthly father may well reject him, but their Heavenly Parents never will.
I've been trying to reach their father for the last two weeks. I wish I had their mother's number, because I suspect they might be more accepting. I'm praying that their dad will be accepting and open and forgiving. I'm praying that their brothers and sisters can be welcoming. And I'm praying that their Church community can be forgiving.
I would hope that if they came to our Church they would be welcomed and encouraged, rather than judged. It's easy to fear even a repentant sinner. It's easy to judge and condemn those who have struggled with any issues that we don't have trouble with. As President Uchtdorf once said, “Don't judge me because I sin differently than you!” I'm not advocating that offenders don't need to pay their debt to society. They definitely do! I believe that it's all part of the repentance process. But I'm advocating that we leave judgment to God, and personally forgive.
I've read with interest recent articles in Meridian about divorced people in the Church who struggle with isolation and rejection; articles about missionaries returning early who feel judged and unworthy, articles about single adults who feel left out and like second class citizens.
We can do better! I wish everyone could have the experience of sitting on the stand at the worship service at the prison and watching the faces of about 100 men who had chosen to spend their free hour on Sunday trying to reconnect with God, instead of in a sports activity or other activity they could have chosen instead. The hunger was palpable. May we always be found on the side of those who lift and encourage, rather than on the side of those who judge, reject and condemn.
Politicians often make the same claims over and over again, leaving us fact-checkers empathizing with Bill Murray's character in that 1993 classic “Groundhog Day.” This week was no different.
To highlight the repeats we've debunked before, we launched a feature during the 2016 election called “Groundhog Friday.” We'd be remiss to let Friday, Feb. 2 go by without comment. So, here's our roundup of the past week's reruns. Happy Groundhog (Fri)Day.
Vice President Mike Pence on job growth, Jan. 31, remarks at a Republican congressional retreat. “Because of what we've done — in rolling back red tape, and unleashing American energy, and cutting taxes for working families and businesses small and large — since Election Day, 2.4 million new jobs created across America.”
President Donald Trump on job growth, Jan. 26, remarks at the World Economic Forum: “Since my election, we've created 2.4 million jobs, and that number is going up very, very substantially.”
And they said it again on Feb. 1 at the Republican congressional retreat.
Just as the president did in their State of the Union address, they and Pence take credit for more than a half a million jobs created under then-President Barack Obama. Since Trump took office in January 2017, the job gain had been 1.84 million when the two men spoke. (The total under Trump is now 200,000 higher with the January job numbers that were released Feb. 2.) But the administration has been pumping up its number by starting the clock in October, the month before the election.
The president on Feb. 1 called the job gains “unthinkable,” but the job creation under Trump actually lags behind the job gains in each of the previous four years, as we've written before.
“FactChecking Trump's State of the Union,” Jan. 31
Share the Facts 2018-02-01 23:57:00 UTC FactCheck.org 9 1 11 FactCheck.org Rating: Distorts the Facts “Since the election, we have created 2.4 million new jobs.” Donald Trump President of the United States https://www.whitehouse.gov/ State of the Union address Tuesday, January 30, 2018 2018-01-30 Read More info
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on the GOP tax law, Jan. 29, interview at the Washington Post: “This is unconscionable that they would have 83 percent of the benefits going to the top 1 percent.”
This is a misleading Democratic talking point. According to a Tax Policy Center analysis of the new tax law, Pelosi's claim is accurate, but only for 2027 and only because most of the individual income tax changes in the law expire by then. In 2025, a quarter of the tax cut benefits go to the top 1 percent, and in 2018, the figure is 20.5 percent. Republicans wrote the law with these sunsetting provisions so that they could pass it with a simple majority in the Senate using reconciliation rules. They say the tax cuts will be extended by a future Congress.
“Democrats' Misleading Tax Line,” Jan. 26
Share the Facts 2018-01-26 21:02:12 UTC FactCheck.org 6 1 11 FactCheck.org Rating: Misleading “83 percent of the benefits go to the top 1 percent” under the GOP tax law. Democratic lawmakers Party Line Tuesday, January 23, 2018 2018-01-23 Read More info
Trump on the new tax law, Feb. 1, , Feb. 1, remarks at a Republican congressional retreat: “We've signed into law the biggest tax cuts and reforms in American history.”
Share the Facts 2017-11-01 15:39:26 UTC FactCheck.org 1 1 11 FactCheck.org Rating: Unsupported The Republican tax plan will be the largest tax cut in U.S. history. Donald Trump President of the United States https://www.whitehouse.gov/administration/president-trump Twitter Wednesday, October 18, 2017 2017-10-18 Read More info
Trump on the tax law, Feb. 1 remarks: “The changes to our business tax alone are expected to raise average household income by $4,000.”
This dubious figure is a long-term estimate from the White House Council of Economic Advisers on the impact of cutting the top corporate rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. The CEA says this $4,000 pay raise could happen in eight years if the gross domestic product grows at an optimistic annual rate of 3 percent to 5 percent. The annual real GDP hasn't increased by 3 percent since 2005 and by 5 percent since 1984, according to the Bureau of Economic Analysis.
And the CEA assumes that cutting corporate taxes largely benefits workers. But that's debatable among economists. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and Joint Committee on Taxation say 25 percent of corporate taxes are borne by workers, with the rest being shouldered by owners of capital.
Share the Facts 2017-10-23 19:32:12 UTC FactCheck.org -1 -1 -1 FactCheck.org Rating: Don't Count On It A corporate tax cut “would likely give the typical American household around a $4,000 pay raise.” Donald Trump President of the United States https://www.whitehouse.gov/ Speech at Heritage Foundation Tuesday, October 17, 2017 2017-10-17 Read More info
Trump on wage growth, Feb. 1 remarks: “After years of wage stagnation, we are finally seeing rising wages.”
The president made this claim during the State of the Union address, taking credit for a rise in wages that began years before they were inaugurated. Real, inflation-adjusted average weekly earnings for private-sector workers have gone up 1.1 percent during Trump's first 11 months — but they went up 4.1 percent under President Obama, according to figures from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. So, they're not “finally” going up, as Trump said.
Perhaps Brandon McCarthy would have liked a video of Hadji better.
The Braves pitcher took exception with a tweet from Keith Hernandez criticizing their teammates in the bullpen after the Mets' doubleheader Monday in Atlanta. Hernandez, who was in the broadcast booth for SNY, tweeted that the second game was “horrific” and pointed to the Braves' bullpen.
“Typical, young, unpolished relievers being asked to throw breaking balls and change ups when they can't,” Hernandez tweeted. “Asking too much. They should be in the minor leagues attempting to hone their skills. Big reason for 3 hour plus games. Walks and 3-2 counts. Not major leaguers. I'm talking about the Braves' bullpen. If that's what they got, they're in big trouble.”
McCarthy, the major-league veteran who started the nightcap for the first-place Braves, shot back.
“When you didn't read the book but have to give a book report,” McCarthy wrote while quote-tweeting Hernandez's take.
Hernandez's Twitter account has received widespread praise in recent weeks, as they have become a frequent poster on social media.
The Braves' bullpen only walked two batters in the second game, both by 24-year-old Lucas Sims, but it was 24-year-old A.J. Minter who got tagged for three runs on four hits in 2/3 of an inning, allowing the Mets to come back and win it 8-5.
The doubleheader featured a nearly three-hour rain delay for the nightcap, which started around 10 pm, after the Braves won the opener 4-3.
Operatives of the Nigeria Police Force, Osisioma Ngwa Division Aba, have arrested a suspected robber, Onuoha Agbai, for allegedly conspiring with others now at large to rob Uche Kalu and Uzoechie Nweke.
After robbing the victims, Agbai and their gang shot each of them on the leg without knowing that the victims recognised them and later reported to the Police.
It was gathered that the suspect who lives at Onyembi Street, Aba, is a notorious criminal who had been on the wanted list of the State Police Command.
The post Victim help Aba Police arrest armed robbers appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Afeez Hanafi A 20-year-old fun seeker, Joshua Johnson, has been stabbed to death by a commercial motorcyclist (okada rider) on Akanni Street, Ahmadiya, Lagos State. PUNCH Metro learnt that the okada rider, who was on the run, also inflicted injuries on the deceased's friend, identified only as Gbenga. It was gathered that Johnson, Gbenga and […]
The post Motorcyclist kills fun seeker during argument over fare appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
Built more than 80 years ago to connect California's coastal towns, the Pacific Coast Highway hugs the edge of the Golden State as it passes through busy cities, beaches and abandoned relics of the past.
The road is officially known as State Route 1 and runs from the bottom of Orange County to Leggett in northern California.
You can find haunted mansions, hot springs, obscure museums, impressive architecture and sparkling pools hidden between redwood trees.
Start your journey in San Diego and travel north to Crescent City by scrolling down our list, which includes bonus stops for anyone who wants to extend their trip further along the state.
Have you visited thrilling, beautiful or unique places along the PCH? Send your photos to isee@nbcla.com.
Here are a few world-famous landmarks and little-known treasures you can find as you cruise up California State Route 1 as it hugs the coast from San Diego in the south to Crescent City in the north.
After a year of keeping its magazine models clad, Playboy has decided au naturel is the way to go, after all.
The magazine announced on Monday nude women will grace its pages once again. The March/April issue cover boasts the appropriate headline, "Naked is the new normal."
Pamela Anderson on the January/February 2016 cover of Playboy.
Chief creative officer Cooper Hefner said on Twitter the way the magazine previously featured nude models was "dated," but they believed getting rid of all nudity was not the right choice.
Read This Article on CNBC.com
"Nudity was never the problem because nudity isn't a problem," Hefner, who is the son of founder Hugh Hefner, posted on Twitter. "Today we're taking our identity back and reclaiming who we are."
Playboy previously told CNBC it adopted the non-nude policy to get more mainstream readers and advertisers. In May 2015, the company launched a safe-for-work app. Less than a year later, the magazine did away with naked women. The first issue in the new format was March 2016, which hit 1,200 more newsstands and had a 55.5 percent increase in advertising compared to the issue from the year before.
The name Rakesh Unni has now become much popular in the social media circuits. This man from Kerala has been labelled as a gifted singer and rightly they are. The videos doing the rounds are a testimony to that fact.
It was a couple of days ago that popular singer and musician Shankar Mahadevan had posted a video on their Facebook page in which a person was heard singing the song 'Unnai Kaanadhu' from the movie Vishwaroopam. The entire social media went gaga over this song, which was sung to perfection by this man. Shankar Mahadevan, through their Facebook post asked the help of social media users to find him.
Later, Shankar Mahadevan came up with a happy news they have spoken to the person, whose name is Rakesh Unni, a farmer from Kerala and they are taking the things forward to work with Rakesh. At the same time, they posted another video in which this talented person is singing the song Kumaari, from the film Anniyan.
Now, the popularity of Rakesh Unni has soared to newer heights and they got the big opportunity to meet none other than Kamal Haasan and sing the song amidst their presence. The video of the same has been doing the rounds on social media.
Reportedly, Kamal Haasan who is mighty impressed with the skills of Rakesh Unni, has offered them the chance to sing one of the songs in their upcoming film.
KABC-TV(LOS ANGELES) — A 12-year-old girl is in custody after four classmates were injured in a shooting at a Los Angeles middle school Thursday morning, authorities said.
A 15-year-old boy was shot in the head and was in critical but stable condition, while a 15-year-old girl was shot in the wrist and in fair condition, the Los Angeles Fire Department said. The two other children suffered minor wounds and were treated and released.
A doctor treating the 15-year-old boy at LAC+USC Medical Center said they expect them to make a full recovery.
The shooting is believed to be accidental, the Los Angeles Police Department told ABC News. The suspect, who hasn't been identified, was booked into L.A. County Central Juvenile Hall for the negligent discharge of a firearm and is being held without bail.
A gun was recovered, no suspects are outstanding, and the Salvador B. Castro Middle School has been declared safe, the LAPD said.
One parent told ABC Los Angeles station KABC-TV that the shooting took place next to their son's classroom.
“He was in tears, but I'm so thankful they picked up the phone,” they said of their call to him.
Diego Salinas said that when their sister texted them from the middle school, they immediately rushed over.
“I went crazy. I couldn't handle it,” they told ABC News.
“I'm nervous, I'm anxious, I want to cry,” Salinas added.
How the gun was obtained is under investigation, but L.A. city attorney Mike Feuer said this is a “call to action” for every adult who has a gun.
“You must store it safely and keep it out of access for any child to reach,” Feuer said.
The shooting was reported at 8:53 a.m. local time and occurred in an elective class with mixed grades, officials said. The school was placed on lockdown, which later was lifted.
Classes continued as scheduled on Thursday, and Friday would be a normal school day, officials said.
The middle school is located on the Belmont High School campus and has about 365 students in sixth to eighth grade.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with those who were hurt in today's shooting incident at Sal Castro Middle School and with all the students, families and employees on the campus,” Vivian Ekchian, interim superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School District, said in a statement.
“The Los Angeles Police Department, Los Angeles Fire Department, Los Angeles School Police and district leadership immediately responded, and we followed protocols to ensure the safety and well-being of the Castro Middle School community,” they added. “The school has been declared safe, and we are communicating with parents of students at Castro Middle School, as well as neighboring campuses. We are also providing appropriate supports to those who may be impacted by the incident.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The First Amendment gives Americans freedom of speech, however, it does not give citizens freedom from consequences of their speech, says tech author and BlogHer co-founder Elisa Camahort Page. Recently, a Google engineer was fired after releasing a controversial memo stating women don't advance in the tech industry because of biological differences. Page uses this issue to shed light on how companies can manage free expression in the workplace.
SEE: Employee political activity policy (Tech Pro Research)
In the situation of the Google memo, the employee was fired not because they broke a law, but because they broke a company policy.
"When people talk about having open discourse and people being able to be free to express their opinions, what they mean is about 'how to develop a product' or 'how to address company services,' Page said. "They want to have alternative points of view around making the best possible product."
This freedom of expression in the workplace isn't an excuse to get into political debates, and most companies don't want you to do that, they said.
It also becomes a liability issue for a company when its employees make derogatory comments about their colleagues—especially in an environment where collaboration is critical—because it affects employees' comfort levels and deters the best talent.
SEE: Hostile workplace prevention policy (Tech Pro Research)
Page suggested that companies of every size should have a code of conduct about internal and external communications. Companies need to have policies in place about the type of speech that's appropriate for their employees about their colleagues. Employees should also know that they represent the company when talking about anything relevant to their industry.
"This should be normal for companies and employees to understand," they said.
Page said that all companies with over 50 employees should have an HR manager. Once a company reaches that size, there are a lot more policies and regulations that need to be put in place.
"There are baselines HR things that you should do at every company, that's the biggest lesson, and if you're not doing them, you're missing out."
Discover the secrets to IT leadership success with these tips on project management, budgets, and dealing with day-to-day challenges. Subscribe to TechRepublic's Executive Briefing newsletter. Subscribe
See also:
One of the alleged groping incidents happened at the Aztec Student Union Pedestrian Bridge on Aztec Circle.
A man pleaded guilty Monday to four charges in connection with grabbing several women on the San Diego State University campus last summer.
Minda Shewangizaw, 20, grabbed a woman's buttocks as they were walking near the Aztec Corner Apartments on Montezuma Road on August 29. They then groped another woman's chest area and grabbed their arm, trying to pull them towards him.
Less than an hour later, they groped two more women on the Aztec Student Union Pedestrian Bridge on Aztec Circle.
On Monday, they pleaded guilty to two felonies - sexual battery and false imprisonment and two misdemeanors of sexual battery.
They did not attend SDSU, campus police confirmed to NBC 7 at the time of their arrest.
The U.S. Marshals Service arrested Shewangizaw on September 1 in connection with a different crime on the UC Riverside campus. They were accused of sexual assault.
Marshals arrested Shewangizaw at a local supermarket in San Diego where they worked.
The inspiration for Crayola's newest crayon will be a striking blue that's a new kid on the pigment block.
see also Crayola hints at replacement for retired yellow crayon Crayola is feeling blue. The company announced Friday that a...
The new hue will be markedly similar to YInMn Blue — a pigment discovered in 2009 by chemist Mas Subramanian and other researchers at Oregon State University, where the crayon giant made the announcement on Friday.
“It's truly an honor that our YInMn Blue pigment has inspired one of the most beloved instruments for creativity – a Crayola crayon,” Subramanian said in a statement.
The name YInMn is an acronym for the elements that comprise it: yttrium, indium, manganese and oxygen.
But instead of using the YInMn name, Crayola is asking for submissions for a new name through June 2.
On July 1, it'll release the top five contenders — and consumers can vote on their favorite. The company will unveil the new name in September.
The blue hue will be available in crayon boxes beginning late this year and early next year.
The new blue replaces Dandelion yellow, which was put out to pasture in March.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From the human pin cushion to fire breathers, audiences in Reading will be in for a shock as The Circus of Horrors comes to town.
Expect a jaw-dropping performance as the group celebrates its 21st anniversary with its latest incarnation A Never-ending Nightmare.
The Alice in 'Horrorland' themed story will be performed at The Hexagon in Queen's Walk on Thursday, January 19 at 8pm.
The Circus of Horrors has performed at more than 100 UK theatres and has toured across the globe, including in Moscow where it became the first UK circus to perform in Russia.
The show also played for 10 nights at London's O2 arena and became the first circus to perform in London's West End for more than 100 years.
The group has also made history on the television, becoming the only circus to reach the finals of Britain's Got Talent, with Simon Cowell saying: "I loved it."
The show is for adults only and tickets are available via ticketmaster with prices ranging from £18 to £27.
(credit: Cindy Ord/Getty Images for We Stand United)
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — Former “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Them announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
“We want our government to work again. On health care, ending massive incarceration, fixing our broken subway,” Nixon said in a video announcing their candidacy . “We are sick of politicians who care more about headlines and power than they do about us.”
Nixon has their work cut out for them A Siena College poll released Monday showed Cuomo leading them by 66 percent to 19 percent among registered Democrats, and by a similar margin among self-identified liberals. Nixon did a little better among younger and upstate Democrats, but didn't have more than a quarter of either group.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The margin of error is plus-minus 4.0 percentage points.
Nixon has in recent months given speeches and interviews calling on Democrats nationally to run “bluer” in 2018 and carve out a strong, progressive liberal identity rather than being merely “the anti-Trump party.”
It's a left-flank strategy that has had success against Cuomo in the past — nearly unknown liberal activist and law professor Zephyr Teachout garnered a surprising 34 percent of the vote in the 2014 Democratic primary.
“It could be a fight for the soul of the Democratic Party in some sense,” said Baruch College political scientist Douglas Muzzio.
Nixon, a 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three, is a longtime advocate for fairness in public school funding and fervent supporter of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who has frequently clashed with Cuomo. Them video shows them walking their young daughter to school as they talk about being a proud public school parent.
Last month, at the annual New York gala of Human Rights Campaign, which has endorsed Cuomo on, they took a backhanded stab at the governor's record: “For all the pride that we take here in being such a blue state, New York has the single worst income inequality of any state in the country.”
More recently, they have been delving into issues of keen interest to New York City, the main blue stronghold in a state where suburban and rural towns upstate tend to run red.
One of those issues is transportation policy, which contributed to a plunge in Cuomo's popularity last July amid their “summer of hell” forecast for New York City commuters facing ongoing transit breakdowns and delays.
The 60-year-old Cuomo had no immediate comment on Nixon's candidacy. But recently, they mocked the celebrity status the Grammy, Emmy and Tony winner could bring to the race.
“Normally name recognition is relevant when it has some connection to the endeavor,” Cuomo told reporters earlier this month. “If it was just about name recognition, then I'm hoping that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie and Billy Joel don't get into the race.”
While Nixon has strong political connections and name recognition in the city that was the backdrop for their Emmy Award-winning role as lawyer Miranda Hobbes in the HBO comedy “Sex and the City,” their star power among upstate voters is less certain.
Jefrey Pollock, pollster and political adviser to Cuomo and other prominent Democrats, said that celebrity isn't likely to trump governing experience in the voting booth.
“Over and over in our research, Democratic primary voters say they're not looking for an outsider because they look to Washington, D.C., and see what the outsider has meant to this country,” Pollock said.
Nixon won't be the only celebrity candidate on the New York ballot. Former “Law and Order: SVU” actor Diane Neal is running for Congress as an independent in a Hudson Valley district.
The first task for Nixon, Muzzio said, is to launch a listening and talking tour.
“She can't be the celebrity glamour girl,” they said. “She's got to get out there and get exposure upstate.”
(© Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The Anderson-Negele L3 pressure and level transmitter has been designed to measure process pressure or hydrostatic level in sanitary process applications.
The L3 Pressure and Level Sensor from Anderson-Negele has a rugged design. Features include:
A temperature compensation strategy that optimizes performances in hot and highly dynamic systems. This feature is said to result in fewer errors in fluid food and hot fill applications.
An easy-to-use graphical display interface, which reduces reliance on a manual during start-up and commissioning.
The ability to use the same platform for line pressure or hydrostatic level applications. This reduces stocking needs for our customers and eliminates the need to learn multiple platforms.
A modular design which allows on-site repair and reconfiguration, and includes the ability to add a remote cable to the assembly.
800-833-0081; www.Anderson-Negele.com
Comptroller wants to use Battery Park money to fund NYCHA Comptroller Scott Stringer wants to tap into millions of dollars raised by the Battery Park City Authority each year to help fund the New York City Housing Authority's crumbling infrastructure....
Ex-worker arrested for armed Battery Park carousel robbery A disgruntled ex-employee of the SeaGlass Carousel in Battery Park stole $3,000 from the fish-themed carousel with their brother — but the siblings failed in their ferry getaway attempt to...
Cops believe these two men were involved in downtown shooting Police believe the two men pictured may have been involved in a broad daylight shooting near Battery Park that left two people — including an innocent bystander — shot, authorities...
Innocent woman caught in crossfire as gunfire erupts downtown An innocent bystander was shot when two men selling tickets to the Statue of Liberty fire shots at each other near Battery Park on Monday afternoon, NYPD sources said Monday....
Tyra Banks selling mansion-sized NYC apartment for $17.5M The duplex is also available as a furnished or unfurnished luxury rental at an eye-popping $50,000 per month.
Tour boat ticket sellers attack Hungarian tourist Two boat tour ticket sellers working in Battery Park assaulted a Hungarian tourist on Saturday, police said. One of the suspects ran when police approached. The other was caught and...
Truck driver pummeled by 'show time' dancer in turf dispute A street performer bloodied a deliveryman in Manhattan Wednesday because they drove their truck through their turf in Battery Park, witnesses said. The driver was carrying ice and other items...
Relax at the lush new Battery Oval downtown this weekend There is now a lot less asphalt and a whole lot more grass in Battery Park. The 90,000-square-foot oval at the Broadway entrance to the park is now totally green...
Doorman told to work 16-hour shift after dealing with 2 tenant deaths: suit A doorman is suing their former bosses at a Battery Park City apartment complex, saying they subjected them to a week from hell — sending them to deal with a...
'If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier,' Trump advises
Donald Trump showed off their IT security credentials at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the best way to keep secrets from hackers is a huge air gap.
"No computer is safe," they told journalists gathered at their Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, a warning many computer security professionals would probably endorse.
Trump also shared their advice on managing data security risks. Forget switching to TLS or quantum key exchange: "If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier," they said, according to a report from Associated Press.
Trump's suggestion -- echoing their July 29 infosec advice for military commanders -- would put the biggest of airgaps around secret communications, ensuring that they could not be hacked into from afar. If they were to apply it to government communications, though, it would leave officials needing a veritable army of trustworthy little hands to carry messages.
The security -- or otherwise -- of email servers was a hot topic during the presidential election campaign, with Trump making much of opponent Hilary Clinton's use of a private server to host official government emails during their time as Secretary of State, and even encouraging Russian hackers to try to find emails they had deleted.
Despite this encouragement, Trump has been dismissive of allegations that Russia attempted to influence the election through hacking.
When U.S. President announced sanctions against Russia last week over attempts to hack the Democratic National Committee, Trump told reporters: "I think we ought to get on with our lives."
Trump has arranged to meet with U.S. intelligence officials to discuss the allegations next week, and said at the New Year's Eve event, that they want U.S. them "to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge."
Such allegations can be difficult to substantiate, they warned.
"I know a lot about hacking," they said, "And hacking is a very hard thing to prove, so it could be somebody else."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Video
A woman whose three-year-old daughter cannot talk is raising money for equipment to give them a voice.
Sophie Edes, from Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, has Rett syndrome, which means they cannot walk or communicate through speech.
Project info
Hundreds of refugees from Pakistan and Afghanistan were stuck in the middle of Serbian capitol Belgrade under extremely poor conditions while waiting to cross the Hungarian border somehow.
They found shelter in abandoned warehouses close to the railroad station. Aid agencies provide them with blankets, wood and food once a day. But with temperatures under minus zero degree they burn everything they can find to keep them warm. The sanitary situation is very bad, so they have to wash themselves with cold water or try to heat it up in barrels. Underestimated 300 migrants still waiting to move on are kids just at the age of 8 or 12 years old. Most of them want to travel to France or Belgium.
Environmental pollutants
Kathy G. asked about the health risks from chemicals in plastics.
We reported that several studies have concluded that gradual but constant exposure to endocrine-disrupting chemicals (BPA, BPS, phthalates, parabens, antimicrobials) in plastics and elsewhere increases rates of male infertility, birth defects, endometriosis, obesity, diabetes, some cancers and premature death from heart disease and stroke.
Exposure also doubles your risk of dementia, diminishes IQ scores and contributes to escalating rates of autism and ADHD.
Adele F. asked about how their nephew developed autism spectrum disorder when it looked like their sister did everything right when they were pregnant.
We reported that evidence is accumulating that environmental triggers play a huge role. Researchers found a shocking number of children born in Southern California from 2000-2003 whose moms had been exposed to PCBs and DDT (revealed by second trimester blood tests) were diagnosed with autism and intellectual disabilities.
The chemicals, banned in the 1970s, are still widespread in water and soil, and bioaccumulate in the food chain.
For both cases, here's what you can do: Don't handle thermal paper receipts; they're loaded with BPA.
Avoid plastic containers with the recycle numbers 3, 6 or 7. Opt for glass containers whenever possible and never microwave food in plastic containers.
Use fragrance-free cosmetics and personal-care products. Filter your water. Eat lots of fresh produce and only 100 percent whole grains. Avoid red and processed meats, added sugars and syrups, and all trans and most sat fats.
Also, taking a prenatal multivitamin with DHA three months prior to and during pregnancy reduces autism risk by as much as 40 percent.
Mental/emotional health
Marlane M. asked what they could do about their boss who lies constantly.
We reported that neurologists say pathological lying is a mental disorder called behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia (bvFTD) characterized by changes in the brain's white matter.
But psychiatrists say it takes environmental triggers and emotional reactions to various forms of stress, from rejection to abuse, to ignite the behavior.
What you can do: At work, document as much as possible so that you're equipped to make a verifiable presentation to your boss's boss.
Or, if applicable, try the employee assistance program at your workplace. There are treatments that can treat bvFTD, including talk therapy, anti-addiction programs and antidepressant medications.
Amanda P. lamented being fat-shamed, an all-too-prevalent problem on social media. (Beware those tweets).
We reported that fat-shaming online is a way for cruel, ignorant people to pick on someone at a distance. Recently, however, there has been a vocal protest against fat-shaming, and we're glad it's coming under fire.
What you can do: We hope anyone who has felt the pain of fat-shaming can dismiss the fat-shamers for the weak, hurtful people they are. Then, if you're struggling to attain a healthy weight, we suggest joining a support group/program and moving forward.
Candice B. asked why being narcissistic is deemed such a bad trait.
We reported that according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the professional's go-to reference book for diagnosing mental illnesses, someone with a Narcissistic Personality Disorder sees them or themselves as exceptional; requires the approval of others; has no ability to empathize, recognize or identify with others; has superficial relationships that only exist to serve self-esteem; exhibits pathological personality traits of antagonism and feelings of grandiosity, entitlement and self-centeredness.
In addition, the previous version of the DSM mentioned that someone with NPD can be preoccupied with fantasies of unlimited success and power while exaggerating their or their achievements and talents.
What you can do: If you know someone who suffers from NPD, cognitive behavioral therapies and medications can help establish new patterns of behavior and unravel the deep-seated causes of this mental illness. In other situations, smile and walk away.
Mehmet Oz, M.D. is host of "The Dr. Oz Show," and Mike Roizen, M.D. is Chief Wellness Officer and Chair of Wellness Institute at Cleveland Clinic. Email your health and wellness questions to Dr. Oz and Dr. Roizen at youdocsdaily@sharecare.com.
Giancarlo Stanton could not have gotten out of Miami soon...
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Shortly before being introduced as a Yankee on Monday at the Winter Meetings, Giancarlo Stanton buried the executives of the Marlins, who are now run by Derek Jeter.
In an Instagram post, Stanton used scathing terms to describe what has gone on with their former club.
“I appreciate All my teammates & coaching Staff that battled day in and day out
“I feel for u fans, you've stuck with me as we've shared some roller coaster years.
“I've always tried to be as professional as possible during the unprofessional, circus times there!” Stanton wrote.
During the introductory press conference, Stanton was asked about the “unprofessional, circus” comment.
“You guys in the media, you have seen what has gone on down there. What I mainly meant, no structure, no stamp about how things are going to be run,'' Stanton said. “It's a different direction every spring training down there, something new every spring. A different manager every middle of the season.''
Stanton and Jeter did meet, but it was instantly clear Jeter's vision of the Marlins differed from Stanton's.
“We spoke. We spoke about the direction of the team,'' Stanton said. “I wanted us to go forward and advance the pitching staff. I thought our lineup was legit and with our pitchers we needed to add rather than subtract. The way they wanted to go was to subtract, so I let them know that I didn't want to be part of another rebuild, another losing season.''
The Marlins threatened Stanton by telling them if they didn't accept a trade to the Cardinals or the Giants, they would remain in Miami for the rest of their career.
“You can't say that and expect me to jump at what's there, if that's not the right situation for me. So it doesn't matter what the dynamic was,'' Stanton said. “You're not going to force me to do anything, regardless of what the situation is.
“It was said, so it was definitely a thought I had to be ready to deal with, but I'm not going to be forced to do that.''
Stanton took exception to the Marlins' threat.
“Yeah, after being a part of the organization for so long and everything I've done there, to have that, yeah,'' they said.
The clerk was not injured, but the males fled the scene with an undetermined amount of cash and various convenience store goods, according to a press release from the Becker County Sheriff's Office.
Several officers responded, with the Audubon Police Chief arriving on scene just minutes after the report was made.
At 1:30 a.m., the suspects were located in a vehicle (which was reported leaving the scene travelling south on County Highway 11) approximately five miles southwest of Audubon, and three individuals were taken into custody.
Those arrested were John Greywind, 22, of Bismarck, ND; Dylan Beckman, 23, of Lengby, MN; and Steve Golden, 23, of Moorhead, MN.
The suspects are being held in the Becker County Jail with felonies pending, and the incident remains under investigation.
The Detroit Lakes Police Department and Minnesota State Patrol assisted the Audubon Police Department and Becker County Sheriff's Office.
Email Address: Password:
Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here.
Forgot your password?
Five members of the San Diego State University (SDSU) football team have contracted the chickenpox virus, a university spokesperson confirmed Monday.
As a precautionary measure, the university canceled practice to scrub down and disinfect the locker room, training room and other shared spaces, Mike May with the SDSU Athletic Department said.
There have been no other cases reported, May said. SDSU Spokeswoman Gina Jacobs said the cases are contained to just the team and not the general school population.
May would not release names of the individuals affected. The student-run newspaper on campus identified three of the players as an offensive lineman and two linebackers.
Athletics and Student Health Services officers are working together to monitor student-athletes and identify any possible additional cases.
"We are in communication with County Public Health Services and will be working with them as needed going forward," Jacobs said in a statement.
The virus can be deadly. Symptoms appear one to two days before the telltale rash. They include a fever, loss of appetite, headache, and fatigue, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The San Diego County Department of Public Health recommends all children get two doses of the chickenpox vaccine and adults over 60 get the shingles vaccine.
The vaccine is also among the list of recommended immunizations on the university's Student Health Services website.
For information on chickenpox, shingles, and immunizations, you can call the San Diego Health and Human Services Agency at 866-358-2966 or go here.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Being compassionate to a spouse makes you feel good, even if the nice thing you did goes unnoticed.
Further, the emotional benefits of compassionate acts are significant for the giver, whether or not the recipient is even aware of the act. For example, if a husband notices that the windshield on their wife's car is covered with snow, they may scrape it off before driving to work. That gesture boosts their emotional well-being, regardless of whether their wife notices.
For a new study published in the journal Emotion, researchers studied 175 North American newlywed husbands and wives who were married an average of 7.17 months.
“Our study was designed to test a hypothesis put forth by Tenzin Gyatso, the current Dhali Lama,” says Harry Reis, a professor of psychology at the University of Rochester, “that compassionate concern for others' welfare enhances one's own affective state.”
Participants were asked to keep a two-week daily diary to record those instances in which either spouse put aside personal wishes in order to meet the partner's needs. But the researchers also needed to assess the emotional well-being of the individuals. To that end, the participants kept track of their daily emotional states for each day based on 14 positive and negative terms—such as enthusiastic, happy, calm, sad, angry, and hurt.
Over the course of the 14 days, husbands and wives reported giving and receiving an average of .65 and .59 compassionate acts each day—with husbands perceiving more such acts than did their partners. The acts included such things as changing personal plans for the partner's sake, doing something that showed the partner was valued, and expressing tenderness for the spouse.
Before the study, the researchers predicted that the greatest impact on the donor would come when the act was recognized by the recipient, because recognition would make the donor feel valued. They also thought the recipient would feel the most benefit when the act was mutually recognized, as opposed to those times when one partner perceived a compassionate act that wasn't actually intended. While those predictions were confirmed, the researchers discovered something else.
“Clearly, a recipient needs to notice a compassionate act in order to emotionally benefit from it,” Reis says. “But recognition is much less a factor for the donor.”
The findings show that donors benefit from compassionate acts, regardless of whether the recipient explicitly notices anything occurred. And in those cases, the benefits for the donors was about 45 percent greater than for the recipients, as determined by the self-assessment scales in the daily diaries. The effect was equally strong for men and women.
The results suggest that “acting compassionately may be its own reward,” Reis says.
Other researchers from the University of Rochester and Florida Atlantic University are coauthors of the work.
Source: University of Rochester
Photo via Pexels
To say podcasting is having a moment is an understatement. The team behind Serial's latest blockbuster, S-Town, recently broke records with 16 million downloads in the first week. Traditional news outlets like The New York Times and NPR are currently battling it out for the top spot on the daily news podcast beat. And Buzzfeed announced that Ben Smith, its editor-in-chief, is getting in on the action with the launch of an interview show called NewsFeed.
“Radio is the theater of the mind,” says Marty Goldensohn, an Emmy award-winning radio and television producer who teaches podcasting to students at the Columbia Graduate School of Journalism. Goldensohn fell in love with the medium as a child while listening to radio greats like the humorists Bob & Ray and acclaimed storyteller Jean Shepherd on a radio the size of half a refrigerator, and went on to become News Director of WNYC and New York Bureau Chief of Marketplace. In contrast to traditional radio, one of the best things about podcasting, they say, is you can do-it-yourself.
CJR caught up with Goldensohn to get their tips from more than 30 years in the business on how to capture evocative sound, write for the ear, voice honestly, and edit ethically to create a powerful podcast that will resonate with your audience.
RELATED: 10 podcasts to help you keep up with the news cycle
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
What kind of podcast is it?
Once you have a good idea for a great podcast, you need to think about the format:
Conversational : The most lo-fi choice of format is a conversation on a particular topic between experts. It might be a straight interview or a roundtable. Either way, the whole thing can be recorded in a studio, and there is minimal scripting and editing required. The key to success is choosing the right mix of guests.
Documentary : A documentary podcast is composed almost entirely of sound recorded in the field. This approach requires some skill with recording equipment to ensure you get the right levels. You'll also need good editing and mixing skills for the back end.
Monologue : Sometimes the best way to tell a story is to tell it yourself. The story might be complicated, or about a personal experience, or the material you recorded in the field wasn't up to scratch due to poor sound or inarticulate interviewees. To pull off this format, you need to be a great talker and excellent writer.
Hybrid : One of most common types of podcast is a weaving of sound recorded in the field (actuality) and scripted narrative (continuity). That's the format you hear on shows like This American Life .
Field recording 101
If your podcast contains actuality, there are a few things to keep in mind while you're recording out in the field:
Location : Think about what sort of sounds could add color and context to the topic. For example, if it's a story about a person who has a job as a piano builder, find a place where you can capture music, and hammering, and building sounds to weave throughout the story. If you're out on the street interviewing a used book seller on Broadway, the sound of traffic and buses going by will evoke a sense of place.
Levels : Background noise is great for context, but be careful that it doesn't overwhelm the person you're interviewing. Lower your input level and hold your mic close to the person speaking, but not so much that the background noise disappears entirely.
Ambience : Wherever you go, record 30 seconds of ambient sound—the street noise, the room tone, the playground. Don't make it 10 seconds because if you have to loop it you might get a car horn coming up in the background every 10 seconds. If the sound in the location changes over time, capture sound before, during, and after. For example, if you're doing a theater piece, you want the ambience of the people coming in, but you also want the sound when the theater is full. You can use this sound later to liven up your voice track.
Close-ups : Just like in photography, you want close-ups. If you're talking to a hot dog vendor, get your mic up close to the griddle to capture the sizzle. If your story is about squash players, get a close-up sound of the ball hitting the wall.
Take control of the environment : When you're recording in the field, you'll come up against background sound that you want to cut out entirely because it doesn't add anything to your story. This often happens when you're interviewing someone in their home. Don't be shy about switching off appliances such as the refrigerator and the air conditioner. Ask your subject if you can leave a note on the front door to notify anyone who might enter the house unexpectedly.
Interviewing
Getting good sound during interviews is essential. People often freeze up at beginning of an interview so you have to find a way to make them comfortable:
Hold the mic under the chin : Placing the mic under the chin rather than in front of the face will not only prevent popping and sibilance, it will help people feel like they're talking to you rather than to the microphone.
Ask open questions : Keep your questions short, don't interrupt people, and ask open questions. The closed question is “Were you there?” The open version is “What happened there?” Avoid giving your subject the answer in the question. Instead ask, “How did that feel?” “What was that like?” “Could you describe it?”
Record your impressions : Before and after the interview, as you're walking along, record what you see so you can write it visually later.
Sit close to your subject : If you're interviewing someone in an office, don't try to reach your recorder across the desk. Ask your subject to sit next to you so you can move the mic back and forth between you. You might have to sit inappropriately close for American culture—get cozy!
Ask your questions on mic : If your questions are recorded at the same quality as the interviewee, you'll be able to use it to lead in when you ask a simple question like, “Why is that?” If you stumble, don't assume you'll be able to re-record it later, because the background noise might change. Just apologize and ask again. Using your questions in the edit gives listeners the sense that you were there.
TRENDING: 8 steps to upgrade your everyday news stories with ‘tiny narratives'
Writing
Once you've captured your actuality, you need to make a decision about pacing. Are you moving in and out of actuality rapidly? Or are people talking for three-minute chunks and you're just dropping in to describe who they are? The answer might depend on the quality of your interviews and the complexity of the subject. If the story is complicated, more narration will be required. If you find out that you've only got three decent quotes in the whole thing, you might need to tell the whole story yourself. When it comes to writing narration, the key is to stick to conversational language.
Use short, punchy, informal speech : Don't use complex sentences—especially not sentences with lots of subordinate clauses. When you're recording, you need to breathe.
Cut : Think about how to reduce your points to the fewest number of words possible, without distorting the meaning. Goldensohn's mantra is: For every word you remove from your script, you gain a listener.
Use descriptive language : Where appropriate, make your narration visual. Describe what your listener is unable to see.
Voicing
During what has been dubbed the “Golden Age of Radio,” from the 1920s to the 1950s, announcers were mostly male and they generally spoke in authoritative tones that lacked ambiguity. These days, the most engaging podcast hosts are those who are authentic and confide in the listener as they would a friend. Even so, there are some tips and tricks you can follow to help you sound like your best self.
Turn up the energy : Visual cues like facial expressions and hand signals can add energy to communication. Adjust for their absence by projecting your voice slightly more than you usually would, but don't go so far that you begin to sound fake.
Use a director : A director could be a friend or your roommate, but don't record alone. You may not realize when your energy is falling or that you're skipping words, but someone else will. They can notify you when, 15 minutes in, you find yourself reading at half the pace you started at.
Watch your emphasis : In a bid to sound authoritative, newbies often emphasize the wrong word in the sentence. They'll say, “He went to the store” instead of “He went to the store .” Again, the rule is to speak the way you would everyday.
RELATED: Battle heats up for morning daily podcasts as NPR enters the fray
Editing
Editing and mixing are art forms all their own. This is where you bring together your interviews, narration, the ambient sounds and close-ups you've captured, and add any music you want to use. Goldensohn's rule is to edit on headphones and mix on speakers. On headphones, you'll pick up the detail. On speakers, you can ensure your levels are correct, and your background sound isn't drowning out the speech.
Cleaning things up : Spoken language is often slow, and halting. People say “um” or “like” a lot. Tightening, condensing, and cleaning up stumbles helps lift the energy of a story, but be mindful of overdoing it because you could lose the thoughtfulness and rhythm of the speech.
Keep it ethical : Like other mediums, the ability to manipulate the truth is easy in an editing booth. It's especially true in audio because you don't hear the jump cut. Make sure your honesty detector is on high alert during the edit to ensure you don't distort anything. For example, taking out the key phrase of a sentence where someone says, “Of course, that's not always true.” The extreme version is interviewing someone who has got Alzheimer's, and you make them sound like they don't.
That goes for the ambient sound, too : Don't capture sound in one place and then make it seem like it came from somewhere else.
Get a second opinion : If you've done an interview yourself and then you're editing the story together, it can be difficult to judge whether a quote makes sense out of context. Ask a friend to listen and feedback. Don't fall into the trap of hiding your work from friends and editors until it's done.
Music : If you want to use music in your podcast, you must obtain permission. Licensing commercial music is expensive, but you can find music libraries that allow you to use tracks under creative-commons licenses. Better yet, see if musically-inclined friends can give you a fair deal for original music. And remember, the moment in a podcast that is most dramatic can be when the music ends: It's in the silence that follows that words have the most impact.
Update: This story previously referred to Marketplace as a production of National Public Radio. Marketplace is produced by American Public Media.
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Shelley Hepworth is a CJR Delacorte Fellow. Follow them on Twitter @shelleymiranda.
Evening Weather: Saturday, Feb. 3
Last Updated: February 3, 2018 at 3:32 am
A slight chance of rain after 3 a.m. Mostly cloudy, with a low around 36. East wind 3 to 5 mph. Chance of precipitation is 20 percent.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Timely book is one of four new nutrition titles published by Elsevier
CAMBRIDGE, MA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Elsevier, the information analytics company specializing in science and health, today announced the publication of Nanoencapsulation Technologies for the Food and Nutraceutical Industries by Seid Mahdi Jafari. One of four new nutrition titles, the book is ideal for food and neutraceutical researchers and industry personnel who want to learn more about basic concepts and recent developments in nanotechnology research.
Nanoencapsulation Technologies for the Food and Nutraceutical Industries looks at important modern technologies, including biopolymer based nano-particle formation techniques, formulation based processes, such as nano-liposomes and nano-emulsions, process based nano-encapsulation, like electro-spinning and nano-spray drying, natural nano-carrier based processes, such as casein and starch nano-particles, and other recent advances.
Dr. Seid Mahdi Jafari is an associate professor in the Department of Food Materials and Process Design Engineering at the University of Agricultural Sciences and Natural Resources in Gorgan, Iran. They received their Ph.D. degree in Food Process Engineering from the University of Queensland, Australia in 2006. Dr. Jafari has been working on the micro/nano-encapsulation of food ingredients for the past decade. They have published more than 40 papers in top-ranked international food science journals and is the author of the book, Encapsulation of Nano-Emulsions by Spray Drying.
Learn more about innovations in nutraceutical and functional food component processing in this article by Charis Galanakis, editor of another new nutrition title, Nutraceutical and Functional Food Components: Effects of Innovative Processing Techniques.
The four new nutrition titles are:
In order to meet content needs in nutrition, Elsevier uses proprietary tools to identify the gaps in coverage of the topics. Editorial teams strategically fill those gaps with content written by key influencers in the field, giving students, faculty and researchers the content they need to answer challenging questions and improve outcomes. These new books, which will educate the next generation of nutritionists, and provide critical foundational content for information professionals, are key examples of how Elsevier is enabling science to drive innovation.
Note for Editors
Only credentialed media can request eBook review copies by email, sciencereviewcopies@elsevier.com
About Elsevier
Elsevier is a global information analytics company that helps institutions and professionals progress science, advance healthcare and improve performance for the benefit of humanity. Elsevier provides digital solutions and tools in the areas of strategic research management, R&D performance, clinical decision support, and professional education; including ScienceDirect, Scopus, ClinicalKey and Sherpath. Elsevier publishes over 2,500 digitized journals, including The Lancet and Cell, more than 35,000 e-book titles and many iconic reference works, including Gray's Anatomy. Elsevier is part of RELX Group, a world-leading provider of information and analytics to professionals and business customers, in a wide range of industries. www.elsevier.com
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136040/Images/Nanoencapsulation_Technologies_for_the_Food_and_Nu-3bb2d4e5630b811ba4dbda0d5d40b5a0.jpg
As the Vegas Golden Knights' games get bigger, so does the demand for tickets; and that's something that scammers have noticed. (FOX5)
As the Vegas Golden Knights' games get bigger, so does the demand for tickets; and that's something that scammers have noticed.
Several fans said they've fallen victims to ticket scams.
"I was sick to my stomach, very sick to my stomach. I just felt stupid. You feel stupid because you are an honest person and you don't think like a scammer," one fan who didn't want to me named said.
They explained they were going to be out of town for Game 2 of Vegas' series against the Sharks. They said they sold their tickets using PayPal, waited for confirmation of the payment, then sent the tickets using Flash Seats, another app. They said everything was fine until the next day, when they got an email from PayPal calling the payment "unauthorized." They say the app then took the money back out of their account.
RELATED: Full FOX5 Golden Knights coverage
Other fans shared stories of sketchy sellers dropping communication after getting the money, or sellers offering to give out fake, printed out tickets. Some fans recommended meeting in person and only taking cash as payments.
The authorized re-sale site for the Golden Knights is Stubhub, which says they offer protections for buyers and sellers.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON — Federal prosecutors have filed charges against at least 10 members of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's security detail who are accused of having played a role in last month's beatings of demonstrators protesting the Turkish leader's visit to the U.S. capital, officials said Wednesday.
The charges, which one official said include felony assault against some of Erdoğan's guards, are likely to inflame existing tensions between Turkey and the U.S., which now will have to decide whether to seek extradition of the suspects, or to bar them from returning.
The clash, which District of Columbia Police Chief Peter Newsham characterized as an unprovoked and “brutal attack on peaceful protesters,” triggered widespread condemnation from U.S. lawmakers and unanimous approval for a House resolution denouncing the assaults. Some lawmakers urged the U.S. to take the dramatic step of expelling Turkey's ambassador.
Nine people were hospitalized after members of Erdoğan's security detail took part in beatings of demonstrators gathered outside the ambassador's residence to protest the Turkish leader's visit. One police officer and two members of the U.S. Secret Service also were injured.
An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.
Also popular on WSJ.com:
Massages with power tools? Yep, that's a thing now.
The best and worst coach seats on U.S. airlines.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — The heirs to Prince‘s estate say a natural disaster is threatening pieces of their legacy.
Attorneys for the music icon's siblings requested a judge order the transfer of Prince's infamous archive of unreleased music, clothing and art from a facility in Hollywood, California, back to Paisley Park. In a letter to the Carver County judge, attorneys referenced ongoing wildfires that they say appear to be approaching the Hollywood area.
“Time may be of the essence with regards to these fires, and the contents of the Vault obviously are irreplaceable,” the letter said.
The Prince heirs have been trying to bring back the contents of the Vault to Paisley Park ever since Comerica Bank, which represents the estate, ordered the move in September. The recordings contained in the Vault are considered one of the most prized pieces of Prince's legacy, with court papers suggesting a value of around $200 million.
In response, attorneys representing Comerica contended that there is no threat of wildfires to the Hollywood storage facility, citing maps and news reports of containment efforts.
‘5 Pointz' developer sued for stiffing son's tutor out of $33K The Queens developer who whitewashed the famous graffiti mecca at 5 Pointz is now trying to erase a $33,000 bill from their kid's tutor, new court papers allege. David Wolkoff...
The 5 most controversial developments brewing in NYC Developing new buildings ain't easy in this town. Securing proper financing, permits and crews can all boost costs and cause delays. Even worse — when buildings displace locals or replace landmarks,...
The 10 best New York City moments of 2013 The year 2013 proved once again that New York is the city that never sleeps. Not only did we get a new mayor, we showed that New York City politics...
Graffiti 'artists' fail to understand principle of private property If there's one thing today's taggers and graffiti “artists” have in common with vandals of generations past, it's a failure to understand the principle of private property. That central fact...
5 Pointz fans retag 'legendary' graffiti building Defiant street artists have retagged the whitewashed walls of 5Pointz to protest the graffiti mecca's impending destruction. “You can't whitewash my city” and “Art is not dead” were among the...
Graffiti mecca 5 Pointz erased overnight Even Banksy couldn't save this graffiti landmark. Furious street art fans were in mourning Tuesday after the owners of 5 Pointz had the graffiti Mecca in Long Island City whitewashed...
Graffiti haven facing the wrecking ball The Banksy-backed Queens graffiti haven 5 Pointz is coming down. A Brooklyn federal judge refused to block the demolition of the Long Island City institution Tuesday despite their sympathy for...
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
3:36 Former Gov. McCrory chased down D.C. alley by people shouting 'Shame!"
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
Shwetha Menon
Popular actor Shwetha Menon is one among the most popular contestants in the first season of Bigg Boss Malayalam. According to the sources, Shwetha Menon has a remuneration of 1 Lakh per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Ranjini Haridas
Popular anchor Ranjini Haridas is also a part of the Bigg Boss show. In the report, it has been mentioned that the popular celebrity is said to be receiving Rs 80,000 per day for participating in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Anoop Chandran
Anoop Chandran, who is much popular character artist in films, is yet another notable celebrity in Bigg Boss Malayalam. Reportedly, the sources have said that the actor is receiving Rs 71,000 per day for the show.
Pearle Maaney
Pearle Maaney, who is an anchor, VJ and actor, is next in the list. According to the report, Pearle Maaney draws a salary of Rs 50,000 per day in Bigg Boss Malayalam.
Archana Suseelan
Archana Suseelan is a well-known television artist, who has been part of some popular serials. The report adds that according to the sources, the cine actor, who is a part of Bigg Boss draws a salary of Rs 30,000 per day.
Hima Sankar
Hima Sankar, who is a theatre personality and a film actor is also one among the contestants in the show. According to the report, the actor receives Rs 20,000 per day.
File Photo iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — Tech-savvy concert-goers helped police locate a New York man who allegedly stole more than 100 cellphones at the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival over the weekend, authorities said.
The Indio Police Department in California said it arrested Reinaldo De Jesus Henao on Friday after several attendees activated their “Find my iPhone” app and followed the suspect around the festival venue until authorities were able to detain him.
Police said Henao, 36, was arrested with a backpack containing more than 100 mobile phones, which were believed to have been stolen from the concert site, located east of Los Angeles near Palm Springs.
Several of the devices were returned to the victims and the rest were reported to the venue's lost and found site, according to police.
Henao was arrested on charges of grand theft and possession of stolen property, police said.
They were booked at the Larry D. Smith Correctional Center in Banning, California, and released on a $10,000 bail, according to inmate records.
Henao is scheduled to appear in court on May 26, according to inmate records.
The event is one of the most anticipated music festivals of the year and it's known to attract well-known stars.
Celebrities, including Katy Perry, Halsey, A$AP Ferg, Kylie Jenner, Amber Rose, Paris Hilton and Odell Beckham Jr., were all spotted at the festival over the weekend.
The three-day festival, held at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California, attracted an estimated 125,000 attendees per day, according to ABC's Southern California affiliate KABC.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
According to court records, on Feb. 4, law enforcement officers were looking for a red car occupied by a suspect in a forgery case. A trooper on Highway 59 in Becker County saw a vehicle with an object hanging from the rear-view mirror. They pulled the vehicle over. Millage was driving and was arrested on a warrant.
Drug pipes were allegedly in plain view in the vehicle, and officers allegedly found .1 gram of heroin in the trunk and .1 gram of meth in Millage's hat.
They appeared Feb. 6 before District Judge Gretchen Thilmony, who set cash bail at $250 or bond at $2,500, with standard conditions of release, or bond at $10,000 without conditions.
Cybersecurity IQ: Americans Receive Mixed Results
When it comes to cybersecurity, Americans recognize the need for strong passwords and know that public Wi-Fi hotspots aren't necessarily safe for online banking or e-commerce.
But U.S. adults are not as good at recognizing email "phishing" schemes or determining if the web site where they're entering credit card information is encrypted.
That's according to a new Pew Research Center survey titled "What the Public Knows about Cybersecurity." It tallied responses from 1,055 adults last year about their understanding of concepts important to online safety and privacy.
The results were mixed, highlighting that public awareness of online security measures remains a potential weak link in thwarting cyberthreats.
"It is probably our No. 1 concern and No. 1 vulnerability," said Retired Rear Adm. Ken Slaght, head of the San Diego Cyber Center of Excellence, a trade group for the region's cybersecurity industry. "These attackers keep upping their game. It has gone well beyond the jumbled, everything misspelled email."
Digital security firm Gemalto said Wednesday that 1,792 data breaches occurred worldwide in 2016, with 1.4 billion digital records compromised -- up 86 percent from the prior year.
Gemalto, based in The Netherlands, did not include the 1.5 billion record exposed in the Yahoo! breach because it technically occurred in 2013-2014. It was discovered last year.
"One of the biggest problems is people have become numb to this," said Slaght. "We all have had our credit card hacked. You just get a new one and life goes on."
The Pew Research survey asked 13 questions about cybersecurity. The median score was five correct answers. Just 20 percent answered eight questions correctly.
A relatively large percentage of respondents, however, answered "not sure" to questions rather than providing the wrong answer.
Participants had a good understanding of some security basic practices such as the importance of strong passwords and less knowledge of others -- particularly more technical aspects of web safety such as multi-factor authentication and virtual private networks.
"One of the things you see from the Pew study, as you drill down in security knowledge, the numbers really do drop off," said Stephen Cobb, security researcher for anti-virus software firm ESET. "I was disappointed that only 33 percent were aware of what the's' in 'https' meant."
It stands for secure, with website authentication and encryption of digital traffic. It is used mostly for online payments. Security researchers often suggest computer users examine the website addresses -- known as the URL -- as a first step before they click on a link.
"You wonder if people know what a URL is," said Cobb. "Do they know how to read a URL? So there is plenty of work to be done" in terms of public awareness.
Only 54 percent of respondents correctly identified a phishing attack. For cybercriminals, phishing remains a favorite trick for infecting computers with malware. Phishing schemes usually involve an email that directs users to click on a link to an infected website.
Computer security software does a good job of blocking most phishing schemes, said Cobb, including many sophisticated spear phishing attacks targeting individuals with personalized information.
Even so, cybersecurity technology can't yet deliver a "completely automated response to phishing," they said. "So we have to proceed with user education and with attempts to make phishing a poor career choice" by prosecuting those who do it.
Other findings in the Pew survey include:
* 75 percent of participants identified the most secure password from a list of four options
* 52 percent of people knew that turning off the GPS function on smartphones does not prevent all tracking. Mobile phones can be tracked via cell towers or Wi-Fi networks.
* 39 percent were aware that Internet Service Providers can still see the websites their customer visit even when they're using "private browsing" on their search engines
* 10 percent were able to identify one example of multi-factor authentication when presented with four images of online log-in screens.
© 2017 San Diego Union-Tribune under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Golf continues to undergo a youthful transformation in 2017, with leader boards brandishing burgeoning stars on a weekly basis. Three rookies have already won on the PGA Tour this season, with seven newcomers inside the FedEx Cup top-60 standings. That's not counting fellow greenhorn Jon Rahm (who's classified as a "first-year" player but not a rookie), established 25-and-younger entities such as Jordan Spieth, Justin Thomas and Hideki Matsuyama, or the international work of Matthew Fitzpatrick and Thomas Pieters.
On the front lines of this movement is Ollie Schniederjans. The former No. 1 amateur in the world is enjoying an impressive first-year student campaign, posting four top-10s and more than $1,000,000 in earnings. The 23-year-old turned in a fabulous performance at Harbour Town, finishing two strokes behind Wesley Bryan at the RBC Heritage. Though Schniederjans played the final eight holes two over par, the T-3 finish likely secured their tour card for next season.
We caught up with the Georgia Tech All-American to get their thoughts on rookie success, adjusting to tour life and golf's "thin line."
Pinterest Jared C. Tilton
Your performance at Hilton Head essentially locked up a spot in the FedEx Cup playoffs. With that sense of security, does your mindset change for the rest of the season?
I think it's big. Certainly it feels different knowing that I locked it up and having a different level of status, not worrying about the reshuffle category. It's pretty freeing. It's a great accomplishment as a rookie to make it to the playoffs.
My ultimate goal is to make it to East Lake (site of the Tour Championship) at the end of the season, and I feel like I'm on my way.
For your game and psyche, is it good to see the success of other newcomers, or does it add another layer of pressure and threaten to hastily speed up the maturation process?
I think it's awesome. These are guys I know and competed against coming up. They're great players and really good guys who are performing at a high level. There's no waiting anymore for new guys; it's happening quickly once they get out here.
Once you see them go out and do it, you feel like you can compete and win. I'm being patient with my own game. I don't feel pressure, I'm just ecstatic to chase my dreams every week on the PGA Tour. I hope similar great things are in my future, and I'm doing whatever it takes to find the winner's circle.
You already had a host of tour appearances under your belt before this season, but what's caught you by surprise in transition from the Web.com Tour to here?
Nothing really caught me by surprise. Because I was able to play before this year, I knew what to expect.
I think it's easier to play on bigger stages; everything is more catered. There are courtesy cars to get you where you need to go, and the food's great. Much easier travel, rather than going all over for the Web.com Tour to Colombia and Mexico, trying to plan out your itinerary. Especially now that I get to pick and choose my own schedule.
Pinterest Jared C. Tilton
Given the current depth of talent, there's such a thin line between competing on the weekend and missing the cut. From what you gathered, what separates the two?
All the little things add up. It is a thin line. Sometimes you miss a cut and feel like you were in the mix. Other times you might feel off and still make it.
For me personally I feel like everything is right there. I think the biggest thing is improving on the greens. As I started to last week, I need to get the putter heated up to get me to the next level. If I can gain shots on the greens, that will set me up to have a lot of chances to win.
It's pretty well known by fans that you play without a hat, yet I imagine that sometimes catches a few people in the gallery off guard. Do you ever hear any questions or creative ribbing about the look?
Every time I play.
I guess it's really obvious, which is why there's always someone to point out. I would say most of it is fun and positive. You're going to have those in the crowd that might say some other stuff, but I think the fans have been great.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
About InfoWorld's annual awards for the best hardware, software, and cloud services of the year
Credit: IDG
InfoWorld's annual Technology of the Year Awards recognize the best and most innovative products in the most important hardware and software categories to businesses and IT professionals.
The Technology of the Year Awards are not open to outside nominations; selections are made by InfoWorld editors and reviewers. To have your product considered for a 2019 Technology of the Year Award, contact Executive Editor Doug Dineley before September 1, 2018. The 2019 Technology of the Year Award winners will be announced January 30, 2019.
Previous Technology of the Year Award winners
Marketing/PR: Get the promotional materials Congratulations on winning a Technology of the Year award! Look here for all the information you'll need to tell the world.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Twitter
Stephen Paddock's vehicle may have been rigged to explode in an escape attempt, CBS News reported Friday. The revelation came after investigators in the Las Vegas concert shooting recovered “at least 1,000 rounds of ammunition” in a suitcase and Tennerite in a duffle bag inside a vehicle owned by Paddock. The car was located in a parking garage near the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, where police say Paddock shot and killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 others before turning a gun on themselves in a 32nd-floor suite.
It's unknown exactly why the car was loaded with the explosives, and CBS News homeland security correspondent Jeff Pegues reported investigators are looking into if they planned to use it as an explosive. The same substance was found at their home in Mesquite, along with other automatic weapons and ammunition. According to the CBS News report, authorities are examining the potential that Paddock was planning an escape, but Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos halted their plan.
In August, Paddock's girlfriend, Marilou Danley, accompanied them to a car dealership, Las Vegas police said. There, Paddock purchased a vehicle for almost $15,000 with a check.
In August, Stephen Paddock purchased a vehicle from a Reno car dealership with a check for $14,411. https://t.co/6lqVgcE3D7 pic.twitter.com/4d0sXtmo9p — ABC News (@ABC) October 5, 2017
A neighbor of Paddock and Danleys, Susan Page, told The Washington Post Paddock recently purchased a new silver minivan while Danley drove an SUV.
At a Friday news conference, Las Vegas Metropolitan Undersheriff Kevin McMahill said he's not sure what Paddock planned to do with the Tannerite, but it didn't look like they crafted the material into a bomb.
“We found it in the condition that it was and it was not an (improvised explosive device),” they said.
Tannerite contains a mixture of ammonium nitrate and aluminum powder. The substance is legal and can be purchased at sporting-goods stores or on the internet for a relatively cheap price tag. The manufacturer sells 10, 1-pound packs on its website for $89.99.
In 2013, the F.B.I. expressed concern that the use of ammonium nitrate could be used in homemade bombs.
The FBI assesses with high confidence recreationally used exploding targets, commonly referred to as Tannerite, or reactive targets, can be used as an explosive for illicit purposes by criminals and extremists and explosive precursor chemicals present in ETs can be combined with other materials to manufacture explosives for use in improvised explosive devices.
Former assistant director of the US Marshals Service Art Roderick told CNN that Paddock's use of the substance could have acted as a car bomb if they were to fire a weapon at it.
“Those explosives, that's the scary part,” Roderick said to the news outlet. “What was they going to do with those? I mean, you don't just acquire them and leave them in your vehicle and not have a plan for them. The Tannerite could have set off the ammonium nitrate,” Roderick said. “So, was they using that as a vehicle-borne explosive device?”
Carlos Nuzman, President of the Brazilian Olympic Committee, center, is escorted by federal police officers after being taken into custody at their home, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017. The president of the Brazilian Olympic Committee was arrested amid an investigation into a vote-buying scheme to bring the Olympics to Rio de Janeiro last year. Silvia Izquierdo AP Photo
City officials declared a “Unite the Right” rally in downtown Charlottesville an “unlawful assembly” Saturday and the governor declared a state of emergency as clashes erupted among thousands of alt-right demonstrators, counter-protesters, white nationalists and supporters of Black Lives Matter.
“ALERT: Unlawful assembly declared for rally at Emancipation Park,” The Charlottesville City tweeted short before the noon demonstration was scheduled to begin.
The governor's state of emergency gives officials more authority to bring in additional resources to quell the disturbance.
The city's declaration of the rally as an “unlawful assembly” opened the way for police to clear Emancipation Park where 2,000 to 6,000 were gathering for the rally of white nationalists, neo-Nazis, alt-right activists and pro-Confederacy groups.
This is the Virginia statute on unlawful assembly #cvilleaug12 pic.twitter.com/dyqdEN7k71 — VA State Police (@VSPPIO) August 12, 2017
Governor McAuliffe has declared a state of emergency to aid state response to violence at Alt-Right rally in Charlottesville — Terry McAuliffe (@GovernorVA) August 12, 2017
The declaration effectively reversed a federal court injunction Friday night that rejected the city's earlier attempt to ban the rally at Emancipation Park and require protesters to move to another park. The rally had been called to protest the city's decision to remove a statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee, but also served as a rallying cry for the far right.
Officials had already deployed police to maintain order and Gov. Terry McAuliffe placed the Virginia National Guard on standby.
The pushing and shoving, mainly between white nationalists and anti-fascist groups, erupted as crowds moved toward the park where the Lee statue is located. At one point, dozens of people began used wooden poles from their flags and banner as weapons. Others threw trash and bottles into the opposing ranks of protesters as the crowds swelled.
As homegrown militia groups arrived with weapons and rifles, some protesters wearing helmets and flak jackets engaged in skirmishes behind riot-police-style plastic shields.
Before the city declared the rally an unlawful assembly, Charlottesville City Manager Maurice Jones and Interim County Executive Doug Walker had issued the emergency declaration for two city jurisdictions to allow officials to request additional resources if needed to cope with the unfolding events.
On Friday night a spontaneous march by torch-wielding protesters onto the University of Virginia campus was broken up by police as an unlawful assembly after scuffles broke out and pepper spray filled the air.
U.S. District Judge Glen Conrad had issued an injunction late Friday in a lawsuit filed against the city by the American Civil Liberties Union on behalf of right-wing blogger Jason Kessler, a local resident.
Conrad ruled that the city's attempt to revoke Kessler's “Unite the Right” rally permit and move the protest to another park “was based on the content of their speech.”
The judge noted the city did not try at the same time to move counter-protesters to another location.
Unidentified militia has arrived at #EmancipationPark ahead of the #Charlottesville rallies with guns in tow. pic.twitter.com/zCLCBU78PF — Craig Stanley (@_CraigStanley) August 12, 2017
Police said some 1,000 first responders, including law enforcement, will be on duty during the weekend. McAuliffe, the governor, said the Virginia National Guard would be on standby “to respond if needed.”
McAuliffe, a Democrat, said they would prefer that no one shows up at the “Unite the Right” rally.
“I want to urge my fellow Virginians who may consider joining either in support or opposition to the planned rally to make alternative plans,” they said.
The Charlottesville City Council voted in May to sell the Lee statue, but a judge issued a temporary injunction that blocked the city from moving the statue for six months, The Daily Progress reported.
READ MORE: WKYC.com
Article Courtesy of USA Today and WKYC Channel 3 News Cleveland
First Picture Courtesy of Anadolu Agency and Getty Images
First through Third Tweet, Video, and Second Picture Courtesy of Twitter, USA Today, and WKYC Channel 3 News Cleveland
One wag last week commented, in the midst of the raging debate on the decline of Naas, that comparing the county town with Newbridge was like comparing ‘Finglas to Foxrock'.
I'm a proud, born, bred and buttered daughter of Ballymany, Scoil Mhuire reared and Moores through and through… but I'm not going to pretend for a minute that I thought they were equating the ‘Bridge to the posh part of the Southside.
So hold me drink, hold me coat, I'm going in on that one…
If we're talking county stereotypes, Naas has always been painted as Kildare's genteel town of solicitors, accountants, lovely boutiques and well brought up young convent ladies.
Newbridge, goes popular opinion, is rough and ready — it's a town of factories and the army and big housing estates, where you wouldn't want to pick a fight on Main Street after closing time.
That's rubbish, of course — there have always been some rougher edges to parts of Naas just as Newbridge has… eh, the College and the sparklier bits of the Silverware. Plus, the influx of Celtic Tiger blow-ins to both towns has changed their social make-up considerably over the past decade.
These days, in fact, the main difference between the county's two biggest towns — just eight miles apart, centre to centre, and of roughly equal populations — is that Newbridge is now thriving, while Naas struggles.
So what happened? What did Newbridge get right?
Newbridge got lucky is what happened.
But the town rode its luck and is now the county's liveliest, most bustling commercial hub.
It's sad but true — you could fire a shotgun from Naas Town Hall down towards the Fairgreen most weekday mornings, and you'd be unlucky if you hit a sinner.
That's not true in Newbridge. The town is buzzing and bustling.
It's a tale of two shopping centres, of course.
Newbridge got lucky in that the Whitewater Shopping Centre, which was built on the site of the old Irish Ropes factory —formerly a massive employer in the centre of the town — opened in 2006, before the economic crash.
For better and or for worse, and for all that outlets have shut there or the occasional rumours that footfall has gone quiet, it has pulled shoppers and browsers into the middle of the town.
Compare that to the rotting hulk in the middle of Naas, which was scheduled to open just three years later, but was poleaxed by the downturn.
Newbridge got very lucky indeed.
Parking right in the centre of town is no problem in Newbridge, with the big GAA grounds car-park and the price-comparable Whitewater and town centre multi-storey facilities, along with onstreet parking and spaces in the retail parks.
And on the subject of those retail parks and walking within Newbridge. The town, to outsiders, might look like an awfully long, linear strip. Yet the bulk of the town's shops and retailers are concentrated within an easy stroll of those central car parks — or, indeed the town's well-serviced bus stops.
Even the retail parks with their big supermarkets are accessible from the town centre, Great Wall of Dunnes Stores notwithstanding.
You can walk from the Post Office to the Tescos in about ten minutes. In Naas, you'd need an SUV explorer with a sat-nav to get from Main Street to the furthest reaches of Monread or Lidl.
Nobody in Newbridge was thick enough to grant planning permission for a retail park out near Lumville or the racecourse roundabout, and expect shoppers not to desert the town centre.
It's true that Newbridge has a fair whack of the big multinational retailers that have been accused of sucking the character out of local towns — the Penneys, the Debenhams, the Zaras and New Looks and Nandos and Costa Coffees.
But those sorts of places are where people like to shop these days, and the footfall they bring in also passes by The Man's Shop, and Richie Whelan's and Michael Murphy's and the Hoky Poky and Vanity Fair, to name but a few long-standing and proud Newbridge businesses.
For shoppers, the town is a great mix of the old and the new, the independent and the chain, and they're all together in one fairly compact town centre, unlike Naas where there seems to be an apartheid of independent strugglers in the centre and booming chains on the outskirts.
I've heard it said, though, that the town has ‘gone to the dogs' between the Bank of Ireland and the river.
And true, it's not the shiniest, poshest, chrome and glass side of the town.
But it's doing what it does very well.
The left hand side of that street, as you face the bridge, is Newbridge's equivalent of the ‘Vegas Strip'. You've your nightclubs, pubs, chippers, take-aways and cab offices. It's not the prettiest part of town, but it gets the job it's there for done.
The right hand side, you might say, is our ‘artistic and cultural quarter', with the Riverbank Theatre, the lovely, refurbished Town Hall and our field of dreams, St Conleth's Park, all within a hundred yards. (I'd count the legendary Farrell & Nephew bookshop in that too, even if it is across the way). Of course, you've also got the lovely quirkiness of characterful George's Street and its shops and eateries nearby too.
I don't think I'm viewing Newbridge through rose-tinted glasses.
There are a fair amount problems in the town, as there are everywhere. There's anti-social troublespots where you wouldn't go at night, never mind open a business there.
On a purely infrastructural basis, the traffic can be chronic, especially at school opening and closing hours, and the crazy bottleneck system of the entire town trying to cross the bridge in the one spot needs to be
addressed, even if it means building another Liffey crossing.
Parts of Eyre Street are eyesores and businesses on that ‘backstreet' could undoubtedly do with some assistance — indeed, if helped to be redeveloped, that part of town has the potential to be a gem of a new quarter.
Yet the characteristics of which Newbridge people have always been rightly proud, our grit, earthiness, and competitiveness — we've even got two GAA clubs in the town, unlike Naas, so we're not afraid of a bit of niggle — coupled with good timing and a rub of great luck have combined to help us survive and thrive.
No thanks, ‘Foxrock'. We'll take our ‘Finglas' any day.
The Canadian Press
KINGSTON, Ont. -- Ontario Provincial Police have identified two people killed in a collision in eastern Ontario.
Police say an SUV and a tractor-trailer collided last Friday on Highway 401 in Kingston, Ont.
They say two occupants of the SUV died at the scene.
They have been identified as 33-year-old Cheng Yuan of Waterloo, Ont., and 27-year-old Meiyu Li of Burnaby, B.C.
Police say the highway was closed for nine hours while the crash was investigated.
Image caption Chief Constable George Hamilton said the situation was 'not ideal'
The chief constable has said the deadlock at Stormont is creating problems for the police budget.
George Hamilton told BBC Radio Ulster's Inside Politics the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) was "sort of getting month-by-month budgets".
"I hope it won't continue. I'm wishing the politicians well in getting their differences resolved, but this is not ideal", they said.
Northern Ireland has been without a functioning executive since January.
The institutions collapsed in January following a row between the DUP and Sinn Féin over a botched green energy scheme.
Several rounds of talks involving the British and Irish governments and the local parties have so far failed to reach an agreement.
'Difficult'
Mr Hamilton said that the lack of a proper policing budget meant "long-term financial planning around change and transformation in the organisation is ever more difficult".
The chief constable also referred to the ongoing cost of dealing with Troubles-era cases, which they said was a major draw on resources.
They said that, with an end to separate funding for historical investigations, the PSNI had to take detectives away from current investigations "to either investigate, or deal with disclosure pressures, and that's a problem for us".
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Mr Hamilton has not met the Policing Board in full public session in 2017
Mr Hamilton also expressed concerns about a lack of police accountability as the Policing Board remained without any party political members.
The board is supposed to have ten politicians and nine independent members.
"We haven't met formally and in public throughout this calendar year," they said, adding that they continued to meet political representatives despite this.
"Not having the full-blown Policing Board in place is, I think, a deficit for policing," the Chief Constable added.
Parties in deadlock
Power-sharing broke down in Northern Ireland in January, when the late Martin McGuinness, of Sinn Féin, resigned in protest against the DUP's handling of an inquiry into the Renewable Heat Incentive scheme.
Their party had demanded that DUP leader Arlene Foster step aside temporarily to allow an investigation into the scheme they set up, but Mrs Foster refused.
Over the past nine months, and during two elections at Stormont and Westminster, the two parties have remained deadlocked over a number of issues.
The most significant sticking points between the parties are disagreements over an Irish language act, same-sex marriage, a Bill of Rights and measures to deal with the legacy of Northern Ireland's Troubles.
You can hear the interview with George Hamilton in full on Inside Politics on BBC Radio Ulster at 18:10 BST on Friday, on Saturday at 13:35 BST, or on BBC iPlayer
Two Fort Wayne men have been convicted in federal court on robbery-related charges after a five-day jury trial.
U.S. Attorney Josh J. Minkler said Tuesday that Damion McKissick and Earl Lee Walker, both 38, were convicted along with Duprece Jett, 38, of Indianapolis of conspiracy to commit robbery and attempted bank robbery. The jury trial was before U.S. District Judge Tanya Walton Pratt.
“The reign of terror for these three men is over,” Minkler, of Indiana's southern district, said in a news release. “Those who put our citizens in harm's way and disrupt commerce in central Indiana will be held accountable.”
Jett and McKissick, dubbed the Rick James robbers due to their long hair and sunglasses disguise, began their conspiracy in September 2015, with the robbery of the Advanced America check cashing service in the 5600 block of Georgetown Road in Indianapolis. That was followed by the robberies of the Indiana Members Credit Union on Wesleyan Road in Indianapolis on Sept. 19, 2015, and in Avon on Nov. 19, 2015.
On Dec. 12, 2015, Jett, McKissick and Walker tried to rob the IMCU near East 96th Street and Grey Road in Carmel, but law enforcement officials intervened.
The three fled, setting off a car chase that went through Hamilton, Marion and Boone counties reaching speeds in excess of 100 mph. The pursuit ended near U.S. 421 and Indiana 32, where all were apprehended.
Sentencing for the three is scheduled for May. They could face up to 40 years' imprisonment.
Stacie Schaible is here to talk about this year's Heart Walk and they have an inspiring story for us. Log in now to join Stacie or donate. http://www.WFLA.com/heartwalk
Advertisement
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how they viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how they responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," they told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, James Alex Fields Jr., 20. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counter-protesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown law professor who served as President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
They said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"Number one, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," they said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," they noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The state of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: if the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said they were acting on behalf of the Islamic State, they could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
They said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet they were charged, convicted and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to Timothy McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
U.S. companies from Walmart Inc. to Amazon.com Inc. are warning President Donald Trump that any sweeping trade action against China could raise consumer prices, increase costs for businesses and hurt stock prices.
Broad-based tariffs on Chinese goods would “trigger a chain reaction of negative consequences for the U.S. economy,” a coalition of more than 40 business groups led by the Information Technology Industry Council said Sunday in a letter to the president. The coalition includes groups representing retailers and makers of everything from toys to wine, while the council represents companies including Amazon, Alphabet Inc.'s Google, Facebook Inc. and Microsoft Corp.
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer is leading an investigation into China's treatment of American intellectual property, and is expected in the coming weeks to hand over its recommendations to address any unfair practices to President Donald Trump. The administration is said to be considering wide-ranging tariffs on everything from consumer electronics to shoes and clothing made in China, according to people familiar with the matter. The administration is said to be considering targeting at least $30 billion of Chinese imports.
After Bloomberg News earlier this month reported the options being considered, Trump tweeted that “the U.S. is acting swiftly on intellectual property theft. We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!”
Amid the warnings from business leaders, the Washington Post reported on Monday afternoon that Trump had instructed their staff to double the $30 billion in annual tariffs they had proposed on Chinese products. The report, which cited unnamed administration officials, added that a final decision had not been made and that the president could still change their mind.
Electronics, Clothing
Tariffs on electronics, clothing and other products would raise prices for consumers and businesses, negating gains from the tax cuts passed by Congress late last year, the business coalition said. Such measures could also hurt U.S. companies that sell components of products exported from China, as well as raising input costs for American manufacturers, the coalition said.
“The administration is right to focus on the negative economic impact of China's industrial policies and unfair trade practices, but the U.S. Chamber would strongly disagree with a decision to impose sweeping tariffs,” U.S. Chamber of Commerce chief executive officer Thomas Donohue said in a statement. “Simply put, tariffs are damaging taxes on American consumers.”
Slapping tariffs on imports of information and communications technology products from China would reduce U.S. investment in innovation and lower productivity growth, according to a report by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation. Tariffs of 10 percent would reduce U.S, output by $163 billion over the next decade, while a 25 percent penalty would curb output by $332 billion over the same period, according to the foundation.
“I'm glad they think it's a big problem, because we've been saying this for years,” Robert Atkinson, president of the ITIF, said of USTR's focus on China's alleged disregard for U.S. IP. “With the tariff approach, I worry that the Chinese could effectively retaliate, for example by going after some key U.S. exports to China, like aviation.”
USTR has argued that China uses a range of practices to force companies to transfer IP, and Chinese entities engage in widespread theft of U.S. trade secrets, as it seeks to become a leader in advanced manufacturing and artificial intelligence. U.S. businesses in China have long complained about being forced to hand over technology as the price of gaining access to the market.
Adam Rippon embracing the single life "I think a lot of people are afraid to be single and I fully embraced it," the Olympian said.
Adam Rippon and Ellen DeGeneres working on reality TV together Ellen DeGeneres is teaming up with figure skater Adam Rippon to develop an unscripted reality series for the Olympic darling. Additionally, Rippon may become a regular correspondent on Ellen's talk...
Ellen and Adam Rippon team up for TV project “He'll be producing a reality show with Ellen. The details are ‘TBD,' but they are partnering," a source exclusively told "Page Six TV."
Reese Witherspoon and Ellen DeGeneres fawn over Adam Rippon is America's Olympic crush. The openly gay figure skater from Pennsylvania has become a Hollywood darling since earning bronze for Team USA in PyeongChang. Both Reese Witherspoon and...
Andy Cohen will appreciate Adam Rippon's last Google search "The last thing I Googled was “Brandi Glanville throws wine in Eileen Davidson's face.'" Rippon revealed.
Adam Rippon freaks out over ‘wardrobe malfunction' on ‘Late Show' America's favorite Olympian Adam Rippon never misses a chance to make a bold statement — and their appearance on Wednesday night's “The Late Show With Stephen Colbert” did not disappoint....
Adam Rippon's Oscars outfit belongs in a sex dungeon Adam Rippon showed up to the Oscars as James Bond-age. The 28-year-old figure skater, who recently nabbed a bronze medal at the Olympics, created a stir on social media with...
Research Solutions Subsidiary's Reseller Agreements with Ritme Informatique SA and Alfasoft AB Deliver New SaaS Research Intelligence Platform to STM Researchers
ENCINO, CA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Research Solutions, Inc. ( OTCQB : RSSS), a pioneer in providing cloud-based solutions for scientific research, today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary Reprints Desk has signed separate reseller agreements with Ritme and Alfasoft to deliver new tools and services that address the full spectrum of knowledge acquisition and information management requirements of researchers in scientific, technical and medical (STM) fields.
As part of the agreements, the new European resellers will expand Reprints Desk's market penetration in Western Europe and offer the company's Article Galaxy Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) research platform to European researchers and scientists, allowing for one-click access to scientific documents at the point of discovery and unlimited, data-driven research intelligence. Selected features include:
Full-Text Journal Content 24/7 - Any Article, Any Publisher
Lowest Cost Acquisition Filtering for Optimized Spending
Full-Scale Citation Management and Alerting
Powerful Intelligence by Data-Driven Insights
"These formal collaborations go far beyond typical reseller agreements," said Ian Palmer, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer at Reprints Desk. "Rather than providing yet another cumbersome, generic information management solution, we are working closely with both Alfasoft and Ritme to meet the specific needs of researchers who need fast, cost effective access to crucial, information that can make or break their businesses."
Central & Northern Europe
Alfasoft AB, headquartered in Sweden, is a premium supplier of scientific and technical software for researchers, engineers and developers. For more than 30 years, the company has served customers in Central and North-Eastern Europe. Alfasoft has offices across Scandinavia, the U.K. and Germany, along with an extensive reseller network in Eastern Europe. Alfasoft will resell Reprints Desk's Article Galaxy solution in Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, Iceland and Germany.
"With our agreement with Reprints Desk, we can now address the full range of research requirements from literature discovery to procurement to management at the lowest possible cost of ownership, and with the greatest efficiency and speed for our customers across Europe and beyond," said Alfasoft's Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, Peter Ståhl. "We have achieved our long-term success through a combination of quality products, outstanding customer service, and proven technical expertise. Working closely with Reprints Desk, we find that our respective value propositions complement one another in remarkable ways to the benefit of the customer."
Selected products distributed by Alfasoft include:
EndNote - Reference Management
Nvivo - Data Analysis
SigmaPlot - Data Visualization
Mathcad - Engineering Calculations
Intel Software - Development Products
Western & Southern Europe
Ritme Scientific Solutions, headquartered in France and founded in 1989, is a full solution provider to the science and technology industries, offering researchers the full spectrum of scientific software and expert assistance. With offices in Paris, Brussels and Lausanne, Ritme serves more than 50,000 customers across Western Europe with services ranging from pre-sales to training, support and consulting. Ritme will offer Reprints Desk solutions in Belgium, Luxembourg, The Netherlands, France, Switzerland and Italy.
"Reprints Desk and Ritme share a common vision of our market -- where the customer is at the very center of everything we do," said Ritme CEO, Thierry Berton. "Our mutual customers deserve all of our attention at every stage of their research. The expertise we jointly provide to our customers makes for a powerful companion along the research journey."
Selected products distributed by Ritme include:
EndNote - Reference Management
Stata - Data Analysis
Nvivo - Data Analysis
EViews - Econometric Modeling
Perkin Elmer - Suite of Laboratory Tools
Intel Software - Development Products
Corporations, academic institutions, and government organizations around the world rely on Article Galaxy for copyright-compliant access to full-text scientific, technical, and medical content when subscription access does not yet exist. As a cloud-based research intelligence platform, Article Galaxy provides one-stop shopping, automated data augmentation to scientific content, and lowest cost acquisition of full-text journal articles, ensuring copyright-compliant access when filtering requests against subscriptions and Open Access content.
About Research Solutions
Research Solutions, Inc. ( OTCQB : RSSS) is a pioneer in cloud-based research intelligence and retrieval solutions for R&D-driven organizations. More than 70 percent of the top 25 pharmaceutical companies in the world rely on services delivered by Research Solutions' wholly owned subsidiary Reprints Desk. The company's Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform provides customers with on-demand access to, and augmented data from, tens of millions of scientific, medical, and technical (STM) documents, helping them to accelerate acquisition at the point of discovery, save time and money, and remain copyright-compliant. For more information, visit www.researchsolutions.com.
About Reprints Desk
Reprints Desk, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Research Solutions, simplifies how organizations procure, access, manage, use, and legally share scholarly journal articles, clinical reprints, patents, and other content in medical affairs and scientific, technical, and medical (STM) research. Organizations fueled by intellectual property choose Reprints Desk because of its collaborative business approach, efficient article supply system and services, and commitment to quality post-sales support. Reprints Desk has ranked #1 in every Document Delivery Vendor Scorecard from industry analyst and advisory firm Outsell, Inc. since 2008. For more information, visit www.reprintsdesk.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
Certain matters discussed in this press release may be forward-looking statements. Such matters involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially, including the following: changes in economic conditions; general competitive factors; acceptance of the Company's products in the market; the Company's success in obtaining new customers; the Company's success in technology and product development; the Company's ability to execute its business model and strategic plans; the Company's success in integrating acquired entities and assets, and all the risks and related information described from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including the financial statements and related information contained in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K and interim Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The Company assumes no obligation to update the cautionary information in this release.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — If you did not attend one of the big parties this week, there is another chance — and both the price and the location are right.
It's free to get in, and it's two blocks from U.S. Bank Stadium.
The folks at Grumpy's Bar on Washington Avenue in downtown Minneapolis have teamed up with Jim Beam to make a 53-gallon Old Fashioned for the Super Bowl.
“We're going to make Minnesota's largest-ever-made Old Fashioned,” said Jake Jungbauer, Minnesota representative of Beam Suntory. “Never been done before.”
Here in the North, we just do things a little bigger, a little bolder and a little colder than the rest of the country.
You've seen it across the Twin Cities this week, and this weekend, you be a little bold, and do a little good, at Grumpy's.
“We partnered with the charity Gold Star Rides. All the proceeds will go to Gold Star Rides,” Jungbauer said. “You can come down and purchase a cocktail for $7.25. Also, we'll be passing out samples periodically throughout the weekend.”
Gold Star Rides uses motorcycles to help heal the invisible wounds that Gold Star families experience after a loss.
It's one of the many ways Minnesotans show how big and bold their hearts are.
“Everything's bigger in Minnesota, and so I had to come up here to pour a little Old Fashioned for the Super Bowl,” said Adam Harris, Beam Suntory's American Whiskey Ambassador.
Harris is in town to help. It's their job to travel the country and talk about Jim Beam.
“We have our Jim Beam White Label here, which is a four-year-old Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey, using our traditional Jim Beam bourbon mash bill down in Kentucky, where our distillery is in Clairmont,” Harris said. “And we'll be making a traditional, you know, kind of supper club Old Fashioned recipe.”
When it comes to whiskey Old Fashioneds versus brandy Old Fashioneds, the battle lines are drawn along state lines. So, what do these guy say to the Wisconsin brandy Old-Fashioned camp?
“You're doing it wrong!” Harris said.
To Harris, there is one way to do it right.
“With our bitters, sugar, some citrus with the oranges of course, and then we'll add some cherry and some water for dilution,” Harris said. “And, of course, 52 half-gallons of Jim Beam White Label to make over 2,200 drinks … Just going is lifting a couple of hundred pounds of bourbon and pour it into a cocktail!”
After the first ceremonial half gallon of bourbon, the rest of us went to work.
With teamwork and a little stir, this Old Fashioned is ready for you to enjoy.
“Just come down to Grumpy's on Sunday, open to the public, be a part of history, Minnesota history, by trying it, and all proceeds will benefit Gold Star Rides, which is a great local charity,” Jungbauer said.
Will Eagles fans get served?
“We will, but we're going to throw it at them,” Jungbauer said.
ISLAMABAD (AP) — Sarfraz Ahmed's Pakistan team had the lowest ranking entering the Champions Trophy, and was pilloried after a disappointing opening loss that had critics suggesting it couldn't advance beyond the group stage.
A sequence of three straight wins, including a semifinal victory over a confident host, means Pakistan is the first team to qualify for Sunday's final. And now that they're in it, Pakistan fans want a rematch against India.
Imran Khan, the legendary allrounder who guided Pakistan to victory in the 1992 World Cup final, forecast an Indo-Pak final even before India's semifinal match against Bangladesh.
"Now the whole nation awaits our team making amends in the final against India — if they defeat Bangladesh," Khan posted on Twitter as they congratulated Pakistan on its semifinal win over England.
Pakistan was thrashed by 124 runs by defending champion India in the first group match in the eight-team tournament but rebounded quickly to beat South Africa and Sri Lanka to qualify for its third Champions Trophy semifinals.
Sarfraz Ahmed, seemingly lost for words after the heavy loss to India, maintained faith in the younger players in the squad and it paid off in one of the most lopsided semifinals in the tournament's history.
The eight-wicket victory at Sophia Gardens in Cardiff was made possible with the likes of fast bowler Hasan Ali, opening batsman Fakhar Zaman and young spinner Shadab Khan.
Ali, who conceded 70 runs against India, is now a leading bowler in the tournament with 10 wickets. Zaman has provided Pakistan some electrifying starts. And Shadab's ability to control big hitters in the middle overs has helped Pakistan restrict the scoring of opponents.
"The turnaround is built on the inclusion of youngsters and it could only be done by a Pakistan team," said Ramiz Raja, an ex-Pakistan captain who now works at a cricket commentator. "The tournament is no more about the rankings, because already No. 8 team is in the final."
Pakistan, which can be shaky when batting second, has successfully chased down in three successive matches that included Ahmed's gritty half century against Sri Lanka after Pakistan had collapsed to 162-7 while chasing 237-run target.
Pakistan's more seasoned players like Shoaib Malik and Mohammad Hafeez are yet to fire in the tournament and have so far been overshadowed by the young performers.
Imran Khan is hopeful that the squad of 2017 can achieve a victory during the holy month of Ramadan, much like their squad did 25 years ago.
'Some heart would be nice to see': Weight rips Isles after ugly 'L' DALLAS — This Islanders loss left coach Doug Weight steaming. Ben Bishop made 14 saves in their 20th career shutout, and the Stars beat the Islanders 5-0 on Friday night....
The Capitals have tried everything — except trading Ovechkin The knee and hamstring injuries through which Alex Ovechkin soldiered on for the final nine games of the playoffs may, to a degree, muddle the Capitals' postmortem, but this fact...
Devils blitzed by Lightning TAMPA, Fla. — Victor Hedman and Nikita Kucherov each had a goal and an assist, Brayden Point scored their first NHL goal and the Lightning beat the Devils, 4-1, on...
'Going to be crazy': Russians relish matchup with Canadians TORONTO — And so Saturday night's World Cup of Hockey semifinal will feature the rivalry that has produced the two most epochal moments in best-on-best international hockey history. It will...
Why structure of these 3 contracts points to another NHL lockout Signing bonuses will become a hot-button issue around which the NHL coalesces leading into the 2020-21 Owners' Lockout IV, because some contracts — such as the ones Steven Stamkos signed...
NHL expansion draft 'protection' rules not as horrible as thought A source with firsthand knowledge of the regulations that would be in place for an anticipated 2017 NHL expansion draft told The Post that, contrary to initial information reported on...
Islanders-Lightning matchups: The deciding factor in Game 7 TAMPA, Fla. — The Islanders have won a playoff series for the first time in 23 years, beating the Atlantic Division-winning Panthers in six heart-pounding games. Now they're faced with...
Lightning keep winning games and goalie secrets CHICAGO — Ben Bishop's long white goalie pads were laid face down in front of their empty locker, a skate left splayed behind each one. To say it looked like...
The great unknown wouldn't blink, even as Lundqvist did Somehow, a scoreless game seemed one-sided, with one side holding what seemed to be the ultimate advantage. It was Game 7 of the Eastern Conference final and, somewhat predictably, Henrik...
Capt. Michael Mullen of the U.S. Coast Guard answers questions during a news conference at Burke Lakefront Airport, Friday, Dec. 30, 2016, in Cleveland. The U.S. Coast Guard says there's been no sign of debris or those aboard a plane that took off from the airport on the shores of Lake Erie and went missing overnight.
Possible debris from a small plane that vanished last week after taking off for Ohio State University has been found washing ashore on Lake Erie near the airport where it took off, authorities said Sunday night.
Air traffic controllers lost contact with the Cessna Citation 525 shortly after it took off from Burke Lakefront Airport in Cleveland on Thursday night, NBC News reported. Six people, three of them children, were aboard, returning to Columbus after having attended a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
The unified command coordinating search operations by the Coast Guard and local fire and police crews said Sunday night that it had received multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of the airport. None of the reported has been verified as having come from the Cessna, it said.
Cleveland police, who are leading the investigation, said they're investigating the contents of a bag that was recovered separately Sunday near Shoreby Club Harbor in Bratenahl.
Turkey Nightclub Attack Kills 39 on New Year's Eve
Thirty-nine people were killed in an attack when a gunman opened fire on New Year's Eve revelers at a popular Istanbul nightclub on Jan. 1, 2017. Reports said the assailant was dressed in a Santa Claus costume. (Published Sunday, Dec. 1, 2017)
Former fashion and food writer Madeleine Marr joined the Miami Herald in 2003. The native New Yorker's celebrity coverage includes features, interviews, events, red carpets, premieres, award ceremonies, style, news and gossip in the South Florida area and beyond.
Kris Marshall's replacement admits he's 'terrified' about what reaction viewers will have to their character Jack Mooney in their first full series leading the BBC1 drama
As series seven of Death in Paradise arrives on BBC1, Ardal O'Hanlon has been waiting nervously to find out if audiences will fall in love with eccentric detective Jack Mooney.
Advertisement
“For me the real pleasure is just being there and working with great actors, great directors and interpreting scripts and trying to work out the best way of doing it,” they say.
“Whatever happens after that terrifies me. Are people going to like it? Are people going to hate my character? Are people going to continue to watch it?
“I'm so aware that it's a big show and people love it and you don't want to do anything to let the side down or to let the viewers down.”
We've already seen Jack in action, when they replaced DI Humphrey Goodman (Kris Marshall) at the end of series six. The Irish detective arrived from London and immediately began solving murder cases in their own unusual style.
However, with Marshall out of the picture, this will be O'Hanlon's first full series as the star of the show.
“But I think the show is bigger than any character,” they protest. “That's the thing about this show: the island is a character in this show, the scenery is a special part of this show, the ingenious puzzles at the heart of the show are really what make it,” they say. “At least, that's what I tell myself. It's not my fault! It's not down to me!”
In this series we'll see Jack settle in to their new life on the island and slowly find their feet. A recent widower, he's still dealing with the grief of their wife's death – so there won't be any romantic storylines any time soon – but they find satisfaction in their job as a Detective Inspector.
“He is a little bit sad and lonely and melancholy,” O'Hanlon says. “But they very quickly forms good relationships with their team, Florence and JP and Dwayne. They have a pretty awkward relationship with the Commissioner as well, Selwyn Patterson, which is kind of amusing.”
And now O'Hanlon has arrived in the sunny Caribbean, how long is they planning to stay?
Advertisement
“Twenty years at least!” they say. “Maybe 30. I don't know. If I can be commissioner for the last ten years I'll be happy enough, and let someone else take over the detective role…”
Google's been focusing on India a lot lately. Following Areo, a food delivery and home services app, and Tez, a mobile payments app, the company has just introduced Neighbourly, a Q&A app through which you can ask and answer questions about places and events in your community.
Neighbourly (spelled that way because India uses British English) is described as "a neighbourhood app that helps you ask your neighbours questions, share local expertise, and keep up with your neighbourhood." Using either text or voice input, for which English and eight Indian languages are supported, you can ask and answer questions. Those who answer more questions will become more "recognized," and answers are voted on with votes.
Questions can be viewed by swiping left and right, and your neighbors can see answered questions for their reference as well. If you happen to have the same question as someone and want to see any incoming answers, you can follow the question to get updates.
Google makes it clear that the app is strictly for asking and answering questions, not for those constant "Good morning" messages in group chats that can overpower actual conversation. No phone numbers or full names are given in the app, and the app forces you to sign a 'Neighbourly Promise' consisting of three questions before you can use it. One of those promises is that you'll flag any inappropriate posts, which is intended to keep everyone on-topic.
The app is currently only available in Mumbai, with other neighborhoods coming soon. A phone running Android 4.3 Jelly Bean is required, which shouldn't be that tough a prerequisite in 2018.
The Arizona man, who sold ammunition to the 1 October shooter, is now facing charges of manufacturing armor-piercing bullets.
Douglas Haig was named a second person of interest in the shooting, earlier this week. Police said Haig sold the gunman bullets, illegal in Nevada.
Haig's attorney said their client wants to protect their public reputation. After 1 October, Haig says they quit their job selling ammo. Now he's not sure they will ever get back into the business.
“I had no contribution toward what Paddock did, I had no way to see into their mind,” Haig said. “The product that I sold them had absolutely nothing to do with what they did. I'm a vendor, a merchant whose name was released.”
That's something that Haig said shouldn't have even happened.
“I was shocked that my name was the only one that was not redacted,” they said. “It focused all the attention on me.”
According to police documents, Haig sold 720 rounds of tracer ammunition to Stephen Paddock the month before 1 October.
“At no time did I see anything suspicious or odd or anything that would set off an alarm,” they said.
But their attorney said none of Haig's ammo was used in the massacre.
“His ammunition was not used, but it probably would have been less of a tragedy, fewer people would have died if that tracer ammunition had been used,” Marc J. Victor said.
Haig remembers their shock when federal investigators called them the day after the shooting.
“Revulsion, sickness, horrified that this man would do something like that,” they said. “Probably one of the most horrible things I've ever been told or heard of.”
Haig said they are cooperating with investigators. He's even offered to show them samples of the ammo they used.
But since their name has been linked to the tragedy, Haig said it's been a nightmare.
“It's changed quite a bit since my name was released,” they said. “I've had people pounding on my door, death threats, one woman screaming through my door that I should be killed, and I should die. It's been not a lot of fun quite frankly.”
Haig's attorney said they could pursue legal action since their name was not redacted. But they most likely will not.
Written by: Tiana Bohner
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
(CNN) — Opioid painkillers — some in prescription bottles with the name Kirk Johnson on them — were found in several places in Paisley Park following Prince's death last year, court documents unsealed Monday showed.
Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg said they wrote an Oxycodone prescription for Prince under the name of Johnson, the singer's estate manager and longtime friend, for privacy purposes, according to a search warrant that was among the documents unsealed.
No one has been charged in connection with the superstar's death, but the details from the search warrants are beginning to show a clearer picture of the likely focus of the investigation — which authorities say is still open and active.
The circumstances that led up to their death remain a mystery. Among the unanswered questions haunting those who loved and admired him: Who supplied Prince with the painkiller that killed him? Did they know what they were taking? And how long was they taking opioid pain medication?
According to a search warrant issued April 21, 2016, the same day Prince was found dead in their home in Chanhassen, Minnesota, investigators found several pills labeled “Watson 853” — hydrocodone-acetaminophen, sometimes called Vicodin — and capsules marked “A-349,” which is Percocet, in different bottles in the residence. Also according to the search warrant, investigators were told by witnesses that Prince “recently had a history of going through withdrawals which are believed to be the result of abuse of prescription medication.”
Schulenberg was among those who arrived at Paisley Park after the singer's body was found in an elevator inside the complex, according to the documents.
The medical examiner's office said Prince's death was the result of an accidental overdose of the opioid fentanyl. Last August, the Minneapolis Star Tribune quoted a source with knowledge of the investigation as saying that pills seized inside the compound by investigators were labeled as hydrocodone but actually contained fentanyl.
Authorities have said the investigation into Prince's death is criminal in nature. Federal prosecutors and the Drug Enforcement Administration are investigating how Prince obtained prescription medications and from whom.
Pills found in suitcase
Information in the warrants also revealed that investigators found a suitcase containing several prescription bottles in the name of Johnson, who told investigators last year that the singer had been struggling with opiate use.
The suitcase also contained the lyrics for “You got the Look,” which appeared to be in Prince's handwriting. The suitcase had a tag on it bearing the name “Peter Bravestrong,” which investigators say could be an alias for Prince.
CNN's attempts to reach Johnson on Monday were not immediately successful.
About a week before their death, Prince's private jet made an emergency landing early April 15 in Moline, Illinois, on the way back from a performance in Atlanta. Their publicist reassured fans that the 57-year-old star was fine, but a May 6 search warrant said investigators spoke to a witness who said Prince was rushed to a hospital because they were unconscious, and that the singer had admitted to taking one or two pain pills. Schulenberg, their doctor, was among those on the plane, according to a search warrant.
The day before Prince died, their team called an eminent opioid addiction specialist in California seeking urgent help for the singer, an attorney working for the specialist and their son said.
The specialist, Dr. Howard Kornfeld, couldn't get there immediately so they sent their son, Andrew Kornfeld, on an overnight flight to Minnesota. The goal was for the younger Kornfeld to help evaluate Prince's health and encourage them to enter treatment for pain management and potential addiction issues, attorney William Mauzy told reporters.
But by the time Andrew Kornfeld arrived at the singer's Paisley Park complex on the morning of April 21, it was too late. They and two Prince representatives found the 57-year-old entertainer unresponsive in an elevator. Andrew Kornfeld was the person who called 911, Mauzy said.
2:12 Eastman's tribute to Officer Tim Smith Pause
1:17 Americus police shooting victims were 'very close friends'
1:48 'She was a brave young lady,' Brooklyn Rouse's aunt says
0:54 Big week for Peach County standout
1:17 Watch formerly conjoined twins Erika and Eva Sandoval meet for the first time after separation
4:45 Cop Shop Podcast: Man smacked with ashtray in spat over soup
0:51 Macon grocer lists the must-have foods for New Year's Day
1:53 They were unable to survive, fire chief says of family of 3
1:57 Jason Vorhees favorite images of 2016
CHESTERFIELD, S.C. — The mother of an 11-month-old baby found dead in a diaper box near their South Carolina home has been charged with lying to police and improperly disposing of a body, authorities said Wednesday.
Detectives continue to interview Breanna Lewis and their family and more charges are possible, Chesterfield County Sheriff Jay Brooks said Wednesday. Authorities said the 19-year-old mother had initially reported the child had been kidnapped.
“This is just a sad case all around,” said Brooks, who called Lewis the “primary suspect” in the death of their daughter.
Lewis called deputies Tuesday saying they were attacked and that their baby, Harlee, was stolen from their arms by a man wearing a black coat, toboggan and one glove, according to the sheriff. Brooks added that the mother told them the kidnapping occurred when they went to get the mail Tuesday afternoon.
Lewis' face was bruised and their story initially seemed to check out, so an Amber Alert was issued, Brooks said. But not long after, deputies searching a field near Lewis' home found the baby's body inside a diaper box, according to authorities.
An autopsy was performed on the infant's body Wednesday, but Chesterfield County Coroner Kip Kiser said they are still investigating and isn't releasing the results yet.
Lewis is charged with filing a false police report for lying about an assault, in addition to the charge of improper disposal of human remains, Brooks said. They added that more charges are possible.
Jail officials said they didn't know if they have a lawyer. They were awaiting a bond hearing.
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — Josh McDaniels didn't know what they didn't know.
In 2009, they were the baby-faced 32-year-old prodigy plucked out of Bill Belichick's roost and Tom Brady's shadow to serve as Mike Shanahan's replacement in Denver, holding down two jobs he'd never had: head coach and de facto general manager.
He'd trade away their starting quarterback, draft Tim Tebow and win their first six games, including one against their mentor. But they were fired halfway through their four-year contract, losing 17 of their next 22 games and presiding over their very own videotape scandal.
The Broncos blamed themselves for giving McDaniels too much power with so little experience. Denver then embarked on a renaissance under general manager John Elway and Peyton Manning.
McDaniels spent a year with the Rams before returning for a highly successful second stint with Brady and Belichick, preparing them for their second NFL head coaching gig with the Indianapolis Colts , which will become official after the Super Bowl.
Now 41, McDaniels still doesn't look their age, but they say they are a much wiser than the brash coach who wore the gray hoodie in Denver eight years ago.
McDaniels said they were a much better trainee and tutor in their return to New England, much more appreciative of the breadth of Belichick's artistry and the depth of Brady's genius .
"It's a unique perspective," seeing things a second time after getting a firsthand look behind the coaching curtain, McDaniels said Wednesday, as they helped Brady and Belichick prepare for their eighth Super Bowl.
"Bill does a tremendous job of understanding the pulse of their team. They relate to everyone very well and I've been able to see that and look at that through a different lens. When we need a push, they push us. When we need love, they love us. When we need a pat on the back, they do that. When we need to run hills, we run hills," McDaniels said.
"He just has a tremendous ability to understand when to do what as a head coach. And they serve us in so many ways to make us better coaches, to make the players better players. He's there to help us, they don't take it away from us. Believe me, I make tons of mistakes in my role and he's there to help."
McDaniels didn't think it was possible, but they now hold Belichick in even higher regard than they did during their first stint from 2006-08, because they now realize all the juggling head coaches have to do.
"Before you leave and you do that, it's hard to say that you know what he's going through because you really don't," McDaniels said. "I'm very happy for the experiences that I've gone through. A lot of the failings in my career have been some of the best teachers that I've had. I've really learned a lot from them, I think I'm a better person, a better coach, a better communicator, a lot of things because of the things that I haven't done well."
One thing he's done exceptionally well is working with Brady, who's going for their sixth Super Bowl ring Sunday when the Patriots play the NFC champion Philadelphia Eagles .
McDaniels has long held that working with Brady made them a better coach, because they always had to be prepared to answer the quarterback's incessant questions, to justify the smallest of their decisions, to explain what everyone's role was on every single play.
"We haven't treated each other any differently. They treat me with the respect of a coach and I treat them like I need to make them a better player," McDaniels said. "And I think that's the only way to do it. I know their experience and their understanding is above all others as a player. But I don't really focus a whole lot on that. I focus on the next team, the next week, the next practice, our scheme, what we're trying to do and he's very respectful of that. And we listen and learn from each other.
"We have a tremendous relationship and it's been an honor of my lifetime in coaching to have an opportunity to work with a guy like that as long as I have."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
OMNISPORT
Gianfranco Zola has stepped down as manager of Birmingham City, the club have announced.
The former Chelsea star resigned in the wake on Monday's 2-0 Championship defeat at home to Burton Albion – a result that leaves Birmingham only three points above the relegation zone with three games left.
It compounded a dismal four months in charge for Zola, during which they won only two out of 24 games and took the club from seventh to 20th in the table.
Birmingham City part company with Gianfranco Zola
Full story 👉 https://t.co/OyDiENXMDV #BCFC pic.twitter.com/2nxg3BUDwg — Birmingham City FC (@BCFC) April 17, 2017
Birmingham confirmed the news via their official Twitter account.
Zola insisted only last week that the team was progressing, after the board released a statement offering their support of the under-fire 50-year-old.
"I have no doubt there are signs of progress," said Zola, who replaced Gary Rowett at St Andrew's in December. "As a coach I have to look at the results and the work I am doing also. I am one hundred per cent sure that by this work, we will get the results.
"And if I am wrong I will pay the consequences, no doubt about that."
Follow @insidefutbol
Former Ajax star Kenneth Perez has told Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur target Davinson Sanchez that they cannot stop playing for the Dutch giants while they hope for a move away.
The Colombian centre-back reportedly refused to join up with the Ajax squad for the club's Eredivisie meeting with Heracles Almelo at the weekend, which the Amsterdam giants lost 2-1.
Ajax have rejected an offer of €40m for Sanchez from Tottenham and are keen to keep them with the carrot of a new bumper contract.
But Sanchez, who is also interesting Chelsea and Real Madrid, wants out and refused to play against Heracles, something Perez thinks is unacceptable.
"Yes, yes [he wanted to go to Tottenham], but he's still employed by Ajax at this time", Perez said on FOX Sports.
Friday marks the first match of the World Cup quarter finals, which will kick off with a match between France and Uruguay. France are hotly tipped in this year's competition. Quilliam Mbappe has won praises in their home country for their epic performance against Argentina.
Uraguay have been one of the biggest surprises on the competition. They still don't know if their star striker Edinson Cavani will play this match.
Brazil are - unquestionably - the favorites this tournament. Nemer has now recovered, and is in good shape compared to previous games. Coutinho is another one to watch after their incredible performance in previous games.
Brazil will go head-to-head with Belgium. The red devils have one of the strongest squads in the World Cup. Lets see if their star power translates to the pitch when they take on one of the most successful teams in the history of football.
After the penalty shoot out with Columbia, England are riding a high. The team have put their trust in Harry Kane. They seem well theirs on their way to win the World Cup Golden Boot award. So far, he's scored 6 goals this competition.
The Swedes are in their first quarter final in 24 years. The team are proving that they can still make waves even without their big star Zlatan Ibrahimović
At the beginning of a tournament no one would have guessed Russia would have made it to the quarter finals by beating Spain. On saturday, Russia will square up to one of the toughest squads in the tournament Croatia. The Croatian team are playing beautifully and have delighted football fans especially Luka Modric who has given one of the best performances in this tournament.
Steve Tilley, Special to Postmedia Network Apr 15, 2017
There are a lot of great things about living in Canada. Free health care, poutine, punishing winters that help build character, soon-to-be-legal marijuana to help us forget punishing winters… the list is as long as the Trans-Canada Highway herself.
But one of the not-so-great things about our nation is how we miss out on some of the cool stuff that our cousins to the south take for granted, particularly when it comes to streaming movies and TV shows. Thanks to the inscrutable 19-headed hydra that is regional licensing and content regulations, we simply don't have access to the depth and breadth of online, on-demand video that the U.S. enjoys.
Case in point: Netflix. While the grandpappy of streaming services currently has 4,593 movies and 1,157 TV shows ready for you to binge on or chill to south of the border, Netflix Canada has a paltry 2,562 movies and 623 TV shows, barely half of the U.S. selection. Thus the regular refrain among grumpy Canadian nerds that Netflix is sooooo much better in the U.S., man.
But is it really? Quantity doesn't necessarily equal quality. After exhaustively poring over the content catalogues for each country's version of the streaming service, we've come up with a small sampling of some of the shows you probably didn't know are only available on Netflix Canada, eh.
Some recent – and big – sci-fi flicks
Want to see Matt Damon grow potatoes in their own poop, witness Charlize Theron get furious or watch the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise throw Gene Roddenberry's original vision out the airlock? Only in Canada, baby! The Martian, Mad Max: Fury Road and Star Trek Beyond are just a handful of relatively new movies that are only available on this side of the Netflix border. (These shows can be found on other streaming or digital rental services in both countries, but you probably only care about the Netflix account you're sponging from your relatives.)
The Lord of the Rings trilogy
One does not simply fire up Netflix in the U.S. and expect to watch Peter Jackson's epic fantasy about two small men trying to destroy jewelry. The trilogy is only streamable on Netflix Canada, which is great news for the five people who don't already own the Blu-ray set.
The newest Marvel movies
Thanks to an agreement that sees many of Disney's movies make their Netflix debut here, you'll only find the likes of Ant-Man, Captain America: The Winter Soldier and Avengers: Age of Ultron on Netflix Canada. (And while not related to this arrangement, last year's X-Men: Apocalypse – as well as the cheesetacular X-Men animated series from the '90s – is only in Canada.)
Star Wars movies
Well, Star Wars movie, singular: The Force Awakens is Netflix-exclusive to Canada for now, and Rogue One: A Star Wars Story should eventually make its Netflix debut in these parts, thanks to that same sweet Disney deal.
Shrek's oeuvre
Maybe we have Canada's own ogre-voicing Mike Myers to thank for this, but the Shrek tetralogy – a franchise of diminishing returns if ever there was one – is a Netflix Canada exclusive.
Adam Sandler's funny films
Long before they crapped out turds like Jack & Jill, Grown-Ups and Pixels, Adam Sandler made a couple of bona fide great comedies – Billy Madison and Happy Gilmore. Not only are both on Canadian Netflix, you can't stream on any U.S. digital services, period. (Sadly, Jack & Jill is also a Netflix Canada exclusive.)
Our childhood memories
Mess with the bull, and I'll smell ya later: John Hughes' timeless The Breakfast Club and Will Smith's The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air are only on Netflix Canada. And if you want to watch the classic '80s corn of Full House before Fuller House makes you despise it, that's only in Canada, too.
The insidious canine creeps of PAW Patrol
Dear Netflix Canada: This is why parents hate you.
Common sense suggests that when you've got a big goal, like committing to a new workout routine, eating better, losing weight, or perhaps writing a book or starting a business, you should tell as many people as possible.
After all, if lots of friends know about your goal, you'll be motivated to work harder because you don't want to disappoint yourself or your community.
Plus, your friends will check in with you, and push you, and hold you accountable so that you don't quit on yourself. Right?
Well... maybe not.
In their 3-minute TED Talk, Derek Sivers shares a surprising idea: Telling people about your goal makes it less likely to happen.
Why is this?
As Derek explains, some researchers think it has something to do with the power of "social acknowledgment."
For example, let's say you announce to your best friend: "I'm going to train for 5K race! This year, I'm really doing it!"
Your friend responds by saying: "Congratulations! What a great goal. You can do it. I'm so proud of you."
As you listen to your friend's encouragement, praise and acknowledgment, you feel really great! You feel accepted, appreciated and full of warm, fuzzy feelings.
But there's a catch: once your body is flooded with those types of warm feelings, you're actually less motivated to "do the hard work" that's necessary to reach your goal.
In a sense, your brain has been "tricked" into thinking you're already "done." That's why telling people about your goals can be counter-productive. It gives you a "premature sense of completeness." Or so the theory goes.
My personal opinion: It really depends on your personality and on the type of goal you're trying to achieve.
If your goal is to get a new job, for example, then it's important to tell lots of people, because the people in your professional network can point you towards possible job opportunities, write letters of recommendation and open all kinds of doors for you. You'll get farther and faster if you involve your community.
But in other instances, zipping your lips might be a good idea.
If you've been telling your friends, "I'm going to write a book!" for 10 years in a row, but you're making zero progress, then maybe you could try changing your approach. Zip your lips and start writing in secret. Maybe you'll find more success if you take the no-talking, action-only approach.
My personal goal was to crank out several more articles and get them polished and queued up for publication so that I don't have to worry about writing over the winter holiday break.
But instead, I got sidelined by a winter virus.
So, maybe I shouldn't have said that.
Dr. Susan Mathison founded Catalyst Medical Center in Fargo and created PositivelyBeautiful.com. Email them at info@catalystmedicalcenter.com.
The CT Crew were out and about at 6 out of 10 festivals last weekend. The second stop was AngelsFest at Guardian Angels on Cincinnati's Eastside.
Nikitin Bids Goodbye To The Show
Nikitin wrote, "It's that time..time to say goodbye to Veer Pratap Chauhan..a cameo that was intended for a little over a month..but your love carried it for so long at made it a full fledged role..u hated them first then started to love him.."
The Actor Says It's Fortunate To Work With Amasing People
"I have been very fortunate to have worked with some amazing people & this one has been truly special..the cast..the crew..special..each and every one of them..shall miss them all..I carry u all with me in my heart..."
Nikitin Thanks Fans For Their Immense Love For Veer
"And to YOU..yes YOU..thank you..for the immense love for Veer..pls don't stop with ur LOVE..when one character ends for an artiste..its an opportunity for them to say another story through another character..."
The Actor Promises To Return Soon On TV Or Movies
"As a famous saying goes "A warrior and an artiste live by the same code of necessity, which dictates that the battle must be fought anew everyday."..so a new battle awaits me..I shall see u all soon..at the movies or on ur television screen 🏼 #veer #Ishqbaaaz #grateful #humbled."
Nikitin Entered The Show For A Cameo
About their role on Ishqbaaz, they told TOI, "I was introduced on the show during Christmas and my track was scheduled to end on February 14. However, it was extended because of encouraging feedback. The best part is that I got to do a lot more than just be the bad boy; I got to dance, romance and also attempt comedy."
They Want To Do Positive Roles Now
The actor is now looking out for positive roles so that they can prove my range as an actor. They add, "That doesn't mean that I will turn down a negative role, if it's interesting." They add that they are selective about work.
Bangor-on-Dee will continue to monitor conditions ahead of Friday's seven-race fixture.
The Horse Comes First raceday is due to get under starters orders at midday, but the North Wales track was yesterday covered in snow after around 20cm fell on Sunday.
A heavy frost was due overnight but course officials remain hopeful racing will go ahead, tweeting that milder weather towards the middle of the week would help aid the chances of racing.
Bangor posted: “The course currently has a covering of snow, with frost due, however conditions are due to improve from Wednesday and we will continue to update throughout the week.”
Bangor are also celebrating after picking up the Best Small Racecourse of the Year award at the Racecourse Owners Association Awards.
Bangor were joint recipients of the award after the judging panel couldn't split them with Musselburgh.
I supported because… "A peerless reference and a great community." - Dave Rubin (dirubin)
Our End-of-Year Geek support drive! It has been your support, financial and otherwise, that has allowed this site to become what it is today. Learn More
Radio host fired for calling Chloe Kim 'hot piece of ass' A San Francisco sports radio host was fired by KNBR on Wednesday after making a series of sexually suggestive comments about 17-year-old US Olympian Chloe Kim, the Sacramento Bee reported....
Chloe Kim called 'little hot piece of ass' by ogling radio host Chloe Kim is a teenage gold medalist and a star of the Winter Olympics, yet Barstool Sports radio would like you to know she's also a female piece of flesh...
Barstool Sports host's wife catches them cheating "I caught my husband sending messages to their mistress who he's apparently been seeing since I was 8 months pregnant," Caitlin Nugent Clancy wrote on Instagram Friday.
Craig Carton is pursuing a logical home for redemption Humor & Carton? Craig Carton is in talks with comedy and sports website Barstool Sports, according to Sporting News, as the former WFAN host looks for employment even as his...
The Barstool-ESPN marriage was doomed from the start Sam Ponder's tweets were the face of the downfall of “Barstool Van Talk,” but the destruction went much deeper than that. Dan “Big Cat” Katz and PFT Commenter opened up...
Jenn Sterger rips ESPN for job interview that ended in strip club As ESPN continues to weather the storm of its aborted Barstool Sports experiment, former Jets sideline reporter Jenn Sterger alleges the Worldwide Leader's hands are just as dirty. Sterger, the...
Barstool Sports fires back: 'ESPN needed us more' ESPN's decision to cancel “Barstool Van Talk” did little to damage Barstool Sports president David Portnoy's confidence. It had the opposite effect. Portnoy responded to ESPN president John Skipper's Monday...
ESPN cancels new Barstool Sports partnership after 1 show ESPN's newest marriage barely lasted one show. ESPN President John Skipper announced Monday they were canceling the show “Barstool Van Talk,” the offshoot of Barstool Sports' popular podcast, “Pardon My...
Sam Ponder responds to Barstool drama after CEO's defense Sam Ponder is speaking their mind about the Worldwide Leader's latest decision. On Wednesday morning, the “Sunday NFL Countdown” personality expressed their “disappointment” in a series of tweets following the...
Max Pacioretty is filled with fond memories of Madison Square Garden. Now in their ninth season with the Canadiens, Pacioretty spent most of their life as a Rangers fan, riding the rails from New Canaan, Conn., to midtown Manhattan, where he'd be enthralled watching Mark Messier on the ice, and “Dancing Larry” on the Jumbotron.
Pacioretty remembers sold-out crowds, an intimidating venue, the sound of thousands screaming in unison. In Game 3 of Montreal's first-round playoff series against the Rangers, those memories didn't align with reality. Though every seat was filled, nearly every fan was silent, helplessly watching the Rangers lose their sixth straight playoff game at home.
On the few occasions the crowd took its collective finger off the mute button — most noticeably to voice displeasure with a play that former Islander Denis Potvin made in 1979 — Pacioretty didn't even notice, unable to hear the famed chant they clearly recall from childhood.
“I remember everything about it, and the whistling, but did they say it [Sunday]?” Pacioretty asked Monday.
Yes, the fans did repeatedly insult the now Florida Panthers broadcaster, but the Canadiens were spared any wrath in what felt like a game played at a neutral site.
The lack of energy in the famed arena was surprising to Pacioretty, who said it didn't seem like a typical New York crowd, but the 28-year-old wing wasn't counting on the fans sleeping through Game 4.
“Given the day or the frustration, I guess, the other side had,” said Pacioretty, attempting to explain the tame atmosphere without offending the Garden crowd, “but we know that's not gonna be the case [Tuesday]. This is a special place to play, and [the Rangers] get a lot of energy from their crowd, despite what I know people are talking about their home record.
“They have great support from their crowd, and our job is to limit that as much as possible, and we saw that in our first game here. It's our job to make sure we try and keep the crowd out of it because it can be a huge momentum swing, especially in the playoffs, and we've seen it go the other way when we played them a couple years ago.”
When the Rangers and Canadiens met in the 2014 Eastern Conference Finals, the Blueshirts won two of three games at the Garden, including the series-clinching Game 6.
Right now, that seems as long ago as Pacioretty rooting for the Rangers.
Human-powered adventures take center stage during the 5th Annual Alpenglow Mountain Festival at venues throughout North Lake Tahoe from June 17 to 25.
This year's festival features more than 50 events from trailing running an
d tech talks, to clinics, lakeshore yoga to guided hikes, dog first aid and a pub run. The festival also features the Broken Arrow Skyrace and the Trails in Motion Film Festival. Many of the events are free, but space is limited. | Register alpenglowsports.com
June 17
The Broken Arrow Skyrace | 6 a.m.-11 p.m.
The two-day event consists of three iconic distances representing a unique style of European-inspired mountain running characterized by off-trail scrambling, steep terrain and massive amounts of vertical gain and loss. The Broken Arrow Skyrace features a 52K, 26K and Vertical K.
Lakeshore Yoga | 8-9 a.m.
Come salute the sun with Ellie during a wonderful lakeshore yoga class at Commons Beach in Tahoe City. All levels.
Women's Desolation Wilderness Overnight Trip
Join Adventure Dining Guide's Michelle Shea for an overnight backpacking trip accompanied by a four-course, back-country meal using trail-friendly ingredients on a JetBoil, along with instructions and demonstrations. This overnight trip requires strong physical fitness and the ability to walk for 3 to 5 hours at a medium pace, while ascending in elevation.
Beginner SUP | 9-11:30 a.m.
Join an entry-level SUP clinic and short tour at Sugar Pine Point State Park. The clinic will focus on how to correctly launch a SUP, how to stand up and find the correct stance, tips on how to use the paddle for momentum, and how to distribute one's body weight while using the paddle for balance.
Wilderness First Aid for Your Dog | 9 a.m.-1 p.m.
Learn fundamental skills to address critical emergencies that one could encounter in the back country with Dr. Amanda Stuart, DVM. Learn the appropriate level of first aid care to stabilize and transport a dog to a clinic.
Desolation Wilderness hike | 9 a.m.-2 p.m.
Join photographer Mike Mullen, author of the book “Lakes of Desolation,” for a scenic hike into northern Desolation Wilderness. The beginner, 6-mile jaunt will ascend 600 to 1,000 feet. ​
​
Trails in Motion Film Festival | 6-8 p.m.
The Trails In Motion Film Festival at Plaza Bar at Squaw Valley is an international film tour that brings a collection of the finest trail- and ultra-running films to passionate audiences around the world. $10 advance, $12 at the door.
​
The Broken Arrow Skyrace After Party | 8 p.m.-midnight
Join runners from the Broken Arrow Skyrace to celebrate their or their physical feats with an after-party headlined by Afrolicious at Bar One in Squaw Valley. $15 advance, $18 at the door.
June 18
Lakeshore Yoga | 8-9 a.m.
Join Hanni for a mellow spin on a juicy vinyasa yoga class at Commons Beach in Tahoe City. All levels.
Donner Party Mountain Runners Trail Run | 8 a.m.-3 p.m.
Join Julia Millon for a 15- to 20-mile jaunt on some of Lake Tahoe's finest and most beautiful trails. The group will run together in a mellow and fun fashion on technical trails and celebrate as a group afterwards.
Rock Climbing: Gym To Crag | 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m.
Join a day of granite rock climbing on Donner Summit. This all-day course will take any gym enthusiast and turn them into a competent outdoor climber. Learn the basics including crag etiquette, a review of belay techniques and commands and study how technique varies when moving from indoor holds to real rock.
Beginner Trail Run | 9 a.m.-noon
Join Alpenglow staffer Paul Kronser for a mellow and unique trail run through wildflower-filled trail Page Meadows. Designed for beginners looking to learn more about trail running. Mellow 3- to 5-mile run on non-technical terrain with little vertical gain.
Father's Day Beginner's Hike | 9 a.m.-1 p.m.
Join local guiding outfit Tahoe Adventure Company for a mellow and fun hike for beginners for 5 to 6 miles with negligible vertical gain.
Desolation Wilderness hike | 9 a.m.-3 p.m.
Join photographer Mike Mullen for a scenic hike into northern Desolation Wilderness. The intermediate 8- to 10-mile jaunt will ascend about 1,500 to 2,000 feet.
​
Watershed Klean Up | 10 a.m.-2 p.m.
Join an Olympic Valley watershed Klean Up. Easy walking and all ages welcome.
​Leave No Trace Hike | 11 a.m.-2 p.m.
Tahoe Rim Trail Association is offering a Leave No Trace guided hike to Picnic Rock off Brockway Summit to learn how even little things can impact the natural environment. This section of trail demonstrates long- and short-term human impacts.
June 19
Lake Tahoe Swimrise | 6-7 a.m.
Join others for a dip in the lake (not a swim) with coffee on the dock with friends afterwards.
Lakeshore Yoga | 8-9 a.m.
Tahoe City's Yoga Room will lead a sustainable flow and stability class with a focus on alignment at Commons Beach.
Women's Beginner Trail Run | 9 a.m.-noon
Enjoy a women's only wildflower-filled trail run through Page Meadows with Alice Baker for beginners of 3 to 5 miles on non-technical terrain with little vertical gain.
Tech Talk: Backcountry Travel Plan | 6:30-8:30 p.m.
The first of several informal, happy hour-style tech talks with Tahoe Nordic Search and Rescue. Join an interactive clinic about back-country trip planning and what to do when those best laid plans fall apart. Topics will include situational awareness, back-country medical advice and tech tools that can help or hurt you. All ages welcome.
June 20
Lakeshore Yoga: Yoga for Tight People | 8-9 a.m.
Join Tammy Graham through a fundamental practice of mindful movement leading to increased breath awareness as you strengthen your body and calm your mind at Commons Beach.
Beginner SUP | 9-10 a.m.
Join Tahoe City Kayak's Andy Laughlin for a beginner SUP clinic. Participants will learn the basic skills needed to get started in this popular Lake Tahoe sport.
How to Trail Run | 9 a.m.-noon
Join a beginner's how to guide to trail running followed by a free brunch at Basecamp Hotel. For beginners and seasoned runners.
Crag Clean Up | 9 a.m.-1 p.m.
Join a Donner Summit crag clean up on Donner Summit To add to the fun, prAna athlete Nathaniel Coleman will be joining the cleanup to pick up trash and scrub graffiti.
Hoka One One Trail Shoe Demo | 9 a.m.-2 p.m.
Come pick up free demo pair of Hoka One One shoes at Alpenglow Sports, take them to a favorite trailhead and try them for free.
Tech Talk: Sleeping Bags and How to Care for Them | 6:30-8 p.m.
Learn about choosing a sleeping bag, insulation options, the pros and cons of down versus synthetic bags, and help one sort through the range of fabrics and features.
June 21
Lakeshore Yoga: Align & Flow | 8-9 a.m.
Strengthen and lengthen the muscles with the support of the breath and mindful movement at Commons Beach in Tahoe City. All levels welcome.
prAna Bouldering Clinic | 9 a.m.-3 p.m.
prAna athlete Nathaniel Coleman will teach a morning of bouldering instruction. Spend the day on Tahoe boulders learning instructional pointers designed for beginners to intermediates and requires rock shoes and all personal equipment.
​Salomon Pub Run | 4-7 p.m.
Join Salomon athlete Ryan Sandes for a fun, mellow and social jaunt on the Tahoe Rim Trail followed by beers at River Grill. This beginner fun run has an elevation gain of 700 feet and travels along a beautiful ridge overlooking the Tahoe Basin and Truckee River Canyon for 4 to 6 miles.
Tech Talk: How To Poop In the Woods & Other Leave No Trace Practices | 6:30-8 p.m.
No one wants to talk about it, but everyone does it. The Tahoe Rim Trail Association will lead this evening clinic on how to poop in the woods, as well as other Leave No Trace practices to implement while in the back country. All ages welcome.
Summer Solstice Stargazing & Comet Chasing | 8-10 p.m.
Join Michelle Witte from Tahoe Institute for Natural Science for a fun night viewing celestial objects on the night of the summer solstice.
June 22
Lakeshore Yoga: Yin for Balance | 8-9 a.m.
A slow and gentle practice, yin yoga targets the connective tissues of the body allowing for greater health and joint mobility at Commons Beach. Beginners welcome.
Bird Walk | 8-11 a.m.
Join Dr. Will Richardson of the Tahoe Institute for Natural Science for a morning birdwatching hike in scenic Page Meadows. The walk will be easy in difficulty, last 2 to 3 hours and have negligible elevation gain.
Intro to European Trekking | 9-1 p.m.
Have you ever wondered what it would take to hike some of the legendary European Alpine treks such as the Classic Haute Route, the Tour du Mont Blanc or the Eiger Trek? This half-day tour is designed for all levels of hikers and will begin with a short talk about the different hut-to-hut options. The hike covers 5 to 6 miles of intermediate terrain.
Trail Running Clinic: Efficient Uphill Running | 9-11 a.m.
Join Hoka One One​ athletes Magda Boult and Devon Yanko for an uphill running clinic.
Hoka One One Trail Shoe Demo | 9 a.m.-2 p.m.
Come pick up a pair of ultra-running shoes at Alpenglow Sports, take them to a favorite trailhead and try them for free.
Tech Talk: A Hands-On Multi-tool Class | 6:30-8 p.m.
Join Susan Dinesen, a technical field representative with Leatherman, for a hands-on clinic to use the various tools.
June 23
Lakeshore Yoga: Standing Strong | 8-9 a.m.
A stabilizing class that will focus on alignment in standing and warrior poses at Commons Beach in Tahoe City.
Sugar Bowl to Squaw Trail Run | 8 a.m.-2 p.m.
Join guides from Alpenglow Expeditions for an amazing day on the Sierra Crest.
The group will navigate the Pacific Crest Trail from Donner Summit and finish at iconic Squaw Valley. The run is geared for intermediates and above. The 14.7-mile point-to-point jaunt is challenging
Hoka One One Trail Shoe Demo | 9 a.m.-2 p.m.
Come pick up a pair of ultra-running shoes at Alpenglow Sports, take them to a favorite trailhead and try them for free.
Women's Beginner Trail Run | 9- 11 a.m.
Join Alpenglow staffer Janice Pilkington for a fun, women's only adventure on the friendly trails of Tahoe Cross Country. The morning is designed for beginner runners for 3 to 5 miles with negligible elevation gain.
Wildflower Walk | 9:30 a.m. – 12:30 p.m.
Join Sarah Hockensmith of Tahoe Institute for Natural Science for a morning wildflower identification hike in scenic Meeks Bay for an easy, 4.5 miles stroll.
Beginner's Day Hike | 9 a.m.-1 p.m.
Join local guiding outfit Tahoe Adventure Company for a mellow and fun day hike for beginners for 6 to 8 miles with negligible vertical gain.
“Lakes of Desolation” book signing | 5-7 p.m.
Join “The Lakes of Desolation” author Mike Mullen for a book signing event and informal happy hour.
June 24
Lakeshore Yoga: Align & Flow | 8-9 a.m.
Strengthen and lengthen the muscles with the support of the breath and mindful movement at Commons Beach in Tahoe City. All levels welcome.
Overnight Guided Backpacking Trip
Join Alpenglow staffers Jeff Dostie and Jason Layh for a guided overnight backpacking trip carrying a pack at altitude for 3 to 5 hours.
Rock Climbing: Gym To Crag | 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m.
Join a day of granite rock climbing on Donner Summit. This all-day course will take any gym enthusiast and turn them into a competent outdoor climber. Learn the basics including crag etiquette, a review of belay techniques and commands and study how technique varies when moving from indoor holds to real rock.
BioBlitz & Naturalist Day | All day
Join the UC Berkeley Sagehen Creek Field Station's second annual BioBlitz. Community partners, scientists, California naturalists and volunteers will work together to find and identify as many different species of flora and fauna as possible within Sagehen Creek Basin. Hunt for insects, cool birds, fish and an amazing diversity of plants.
Women's Beginner Standup Paddleboard Clinic | 9-11 a.m.
Join ​Hannah Thornton for a woman's-specific​, entry-level SUP clinic. The clinic will focus on how to correctly launch a SUP, how to stand up and find the correct stance, tips on how to use the paddle for momentum, and how to distribute one's body weight while using to paddle for balance.
Beginner's Trail Run | 9-11 a.m.
Join Alpenglow staffer Paul Kronser and Hoka One One for a mellow jaunt through scenic Page Meadows for 3 to 5 miles on nontechnical terrain with little vertical gain.
Mountain Festival After Party | 8 p.m.-midnight
After playing together and making new friends all week, celebrate with good vibes and music from One Grass Two Grass at Moe's Original BBQ. $10 in advance, $12 at the door.
June 25
Lakeshore Yoga: Root Down to Rise Up Flow | 8-9 a.m.
This class will focus on strong standing postures that will connect one to earth to feel rooted, calm and collected at Commons Beach in Tahoe City. All levels.
Wildflower Walk | 9 a.m.-noon
Join Hannah Sullivan and Cliff Lambson, authors of the “Wildflowers of Tahoe” guide, for a fun, mellow and educational morning. The terrain will be moderate and the pace on the slow side.
Women's Intermediate SUP Clinic & Tour | 9 a.m.-noon
Join ​Hannah Thornton for a woman's-specific​ intermediate SUP clinic and tour​ at Sand Harbor​.
​This event is reserved for intermediate paddlers with solid experience.
Shirley Canyon hike | 9 a.m.-2 p.m.
The group will hike, scramble and boulder hop up this 4.1-mile Tahoe classic. From Shirley Lake, head over to High Camp and take the tram back to the village.
By Jason Samenow | Washington Post
From the normally mild summer climes of Ireland, Scotland and Canada to the scorching Middle East, numerous locations in the Northern Hemisphere have witnessed their hottest weather ever recorded over the past week.
Large areas of heat pressure or heat domes scattered around the hemisphere led to the sweltering temperatures.
No single record, in isolation, can be attributed to global warming. But collectively, these heat records are consistent with the kind of extremes we expect to see increase in a warming world.
Let's take a tour around the world of the recent hot-weather milestones.
North America
A massive and intense heat dome has consumed the eastern two-thirds of the United States and southeast Canada since late last week. It's not only been hot but also exceptionally humid. Here are some of the notable all-time records set:
– Denver tied its all-time high-temperature record of 105 degrees on Thursday.
– Mount Washington, New Hampshire, tied its all-time warmest low temperature of 60 degrees on Monday.
– Burlington, Vermont, set its all-time warmest low temperature ever recorded of 80 degrees on Monday.
– Montreal recorded its highest temperature in recorded history, dating back 147 years, of 97.9 degrees on Monday. The city also posted its most extreme midnight combination of heat and humidity.
– Ottawa posted its most extreme combination of heat and humidity on Sunday.
Europe
Excessive heat torched the British Isles late last week. The stifling heat caused roads and roofs to buckle, the Weather Channel reported, and resulted in multiple record highs:
– Scotland provisionally set its hottest temperature on record. The U.K. Met Office reported Motherwell, about 12 miles southeast of Glasgow, hit 91.8 degrees on Thursday, passing the previous record set in August 2003 at Greycrook. Additionally, Glasgow had its hottest day on record, hitting 89.4 degrees.
– In Ireland, on Thursday, Shannon hit 89.6 degrees, its record.
– In Northern Ireland, Belfast hit 85.1 degrees on Thursday, its record, and Castlederg hit 86.2 degrees on Friday, its record
Eurasia
A large dome of high pressure, or heat dome, has persistently sat on top of Eurasia over the past week, resulting in some extraordinarily hot weather:
– In Tbilisi, Georgia, on Wednesday, the capital city soared to 104.9 degrees, its all-time record.
– In Yerevan, Armenia, on Monday, the capital city soared to 107.6 degrees, a record high for July and tying its record for any month.
– Several locations in southern Russia topped or matched their warmest June temperatures on record on Thursday.
Middle East
Quriyat, Oman, posted the world's hottest low temperature ever recorded on June 28: 109 degrees (42.6 Celsius).
These various records add to a growing list of heat milestones set over the past 15 months that are part and parcel of a planet that is trending hotter as greenhouse gas concentrations increase because of human activity:
– In April, Pakistan posted the hottest temperature ever observed on Earth during the month of 122.4 degrees.
– Dallas had never hit 90 degrees in November before, but it did so three times in four days in 2017.
– In late October, temperatures soared to 108 degrees in Southern California, the hottest weather on record so late in the season in the entire United States.
– On Sept. 1, San Francisco hit 106 degrees, smashing its all-time hottest temperature.
– In late July 2017, Shanghai registered its highest temperature in recorded history, 105.6 degrees.
– In mid-July, Spain posted its highest temperature recorded when Cordoba Airport (in the south) hit 116.4 degrees.
– In July 2017, Death Valley, California, endured the hottest month recorded on Earth.
– In late June 2017, Ahvaz, Iran, soared to 128.7 degrees Fahrenheit – that country's all-time hottest temperature.
– In late May 2017, the western town of Turbat in Pakistan hit 128.3 degrees, tying the all-time highest temperature in that country and the world-record temperature for May, according to Masters.
CINCINNATI (WLWT) — Middletown firefighters were called to a blaze at an old paper mill on South Verity Parkway just after 11 p.m. Friday, the deputy chief said.
Deputy chief Jeff Spaulding said Middletown firefighters arrived and found a heavily involved fire in the south half of the building. They said the crews quickly called for more personnel and equipment from Monroe, Franklin, Trenton and Madison Township.
Firefighters battled the flames for around six hours, the deputy chief said.
Investigators are still working to determine the cause of the fire.
East Stirlingshire 0, Gala Fairydean Rovers 0
Gala Fairydean Rovers could have been forgiven for fearing their trip to Ochilview for their fourth Lowland league game this term.
Last season, East Stirlingshire scored 13 times against the Netherdale side, including a 10-1 humbling at the 3G Arena last November.
However, it was the visitors who left Stirlingshire disappointed that they'd not taken more than a point in this thoroughly entertaining match. The two sides started the day on four points each and, by the end of the 90 minutes, they could not be separated, with the visitors almost snatching a sensational last gasp winner against 10-man ‘Shire. J
John Sludden's home side were desperate to make up for an opening day 3-0 defeat to BSC Glasgow in front of their own fans, while GFR were looking to build on a good performance in their narrow 1-0 defeat to Spartans at Netherdale the week before.
Both teams started brightly, with Adam Watson just failing to get on to a dangerous through ball for the visitors . At the other end, the hosts brought out a save from Lewis Muir on three minutes, thanks to a strike by Paul Sludden.
Shortly afterwards, the prolific Andy Rodgers had a fine effort that flew just wide. The former Falkirk, Dumbarton and Ayr United striker proved a handful for the visiting defence throughout the 90 minutes.
Two corners within a minute of each other almost led to goals for both sides. Just before the half-hour mark, a goalbound header from ‘Shire striker Kevin Kelbie was headed off the line, while moments later, GFR came close to taking the lead from a set piece of their own.
A Darren Smith corner from the left was met powerfully by Scott Main but the former Raith Rovers midfielder saw their effort beaten out by Jamie Barclay in the home goal. The rebound fell to on-loan Jamie Gullan but the youngster fired into the side netting.
Steven Noble must have been heartened by their side's performance in the opening 45 minutes and, seconds after the restart, things almost got better when Stuart Noble burst through the home defence and their powerful shot was tipped on to the bar by Barclay.
Shortly afterwards, East Stirlingshire also hit the woodwork, thanks to a dipping effort from Paul Sludden which beat Muir but crashed off the bar.
‘Shire came even closer on 50 minutes when Kelbie rose to meet a pin-point Andy Rodgers cross but on-loan Rangers goalkeeper Lewis Muir somehow made a stunning point-blank range save to keep things level.
In the 65th minute, GFR were made to feel aggrieved for the second week running when they were denied what seemed a stonewall penalty. The Braw Lads' Jamie Gullan looked to have been tripped in the area but referee Alastair Grieve ignored the frantic appeals of the visitors, and booked the Hibs youngster for simulation.
The referee was once again centre of attention on 72 minutes when they red-carded ‘Shire striker Kevin Kelbie, for what appeared to be abusive language towards the official.
Play was stopped for a number of minutes following a clash of heads between Gala substitute Ross Aitchison and Connor Greene, which broke up the breathless end-to-end action. However, there was still time for Lewis Muir to make yet another good stop from an Andy Rodgers turn and shot. With the last kick of the game, Stuart Noble just failed to guide home a Sean Paliczka cross after the substitute had burst into the ‘Shire box.
Although before the game, they admitted they would have been happy with a point at a difficult away fixture, GFR boss Steven Noble was a disappointed figure at the end.
“I'm a bit dejected,” they said. “Our dressing room is like a morgue, as we felt we should have collected all three points.
“Don't get me wrong – Lewis Muir made some fantastic stops. East Stirlingshire are a good team, as we know to our cost, but we had chances of our own. I thought we were going to nick it at the end but Stuart just couldn't connect properly after great work by Sean Paliczka.
“I thought we did well against one of the best teams we'll face, with our defence coping well against some of the best forwards in the league.
I made some changes towards the end of the game in a bid to get all three points, as we have a good squad with a number of players pushing for places. We can take heart from this performance and how we played against a very good Spartans team the week before.”
The tough games are coming thick and fast for the Netherdale outfit, with a visit to University of Stirling next week followed by a home double header against last season's East of Scotland runners-up, Lothian Thistle Hutchison Vale, and Lowland champions East Kilbride.
On this evidence, Noble's team can approach these difficult games with confidence.
Gala Fairydean Rovers: L. Muir, L. Stephen, Billy Miller, S. Main, George Windram, D. Bonnar, D. Smith, R. Craigie (R. Aitchison 75), S. Noble, A. Watson (D. Brown 83), J. Gullan (S. Paliczka 68).
East Stirlingshire: J. Barclay, J. McCormack, L. Allison, A. Grant, C. Greene, G. MacGregor, A. Rodgers, D. Ure, K. Kelbie, P. Sludden, K. Faulds.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Researchers have identified features of the influenza virus genome that affect how the virus multiplies. The findings could help improve surveillance to detect a potential pandemic flu, which could kill millions.
Pandemic flu occurs when flu strains from different species—birds and humans, or humans and pigs—genetically mix to make a new virus that spreads faster and makes people sicker than either strain alone. Public health authorities monitor places where people live in close contact with animals for the first signs of new pandemic viruses.
“If we can focus our resources more effectively, we may be able to catch the next pandemic flu before it really gets going.”
Reporting in Nature Communications, the researchers identified features of the influenza virus genome that affect how well the virus multiplies. These features are similar but not identical across viral strains. It's possible that the extent of similarity between strains influences whether two flu viruses can mix their genetic material to make a hybrid virus with the potential to explode into pandemic flu.
“We think that two strains need to have similar features in their genome to re-assort and make a new virus,” says senior author Jacco Boon, an assistant professor of medicine at Washington University in Stt. Louis.
“We hope that in the future, this work will allow us to focus on certain strains of influenza virus and target our surveillance more narrowly so we have a better chance of identifying the next pandemic flu before it spreads.”
Flu viruses multiply by infecting cells and hijacking the cell's machinery to mass-produce copies of the virus's genome and proteins, which are then bundled into new viruses. Influenza virus's genome is broken into eight parcels of RNA, a molecule similar to DNA. When a cell is infected with two or more flu strains at once, the genetic parcels from the different strains tend to get mixed up. The result is often a new influenza strain born with genetic information from multiple parental strains.
Boon and first author Graham Williams, now a postdoctoral researcher at Duke University, with the help of Sebla Kutluay, an assistant professor of molecular microbiology, found that parts of the virus's RNA genome fold like origami into specific 3D shapes and that these shapes are necessary for the virus to multiply. When they mutated the genome to change the shapes, the viruses did not reproduce well. “Silent” mutations that left the shapes intact, on the other hand, did not affect multiplication.
There are thousands of different flu viruses in the world, each differing slightly in their genetic sequence and, most likely, the shapes into which their RNA folds. Flu viruses whose genomes form very different 3D structures may not be able to recombine into a new strain.
“Right now we do surveillance on pretty much everything,” says Boon, who is also an assistant professor of molecular microbiology, and of pathology and immunology. “But if we know that the viruses from a certain species or a certain region just don't have the right RNA features, then we can make surveilling them a lower priority. If we can focus our resources more effectively, we may be able to catch the next pandemic flu before it really gets going.”
The National Institutes of Health; the National Institute of General Medical Sciences; the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases; and the Victoria Fraser Infectious Disease Research Fellowship funded the work.
Source: Washington University in St. Louis
The strike that began Sunday by 5,000 public health paramedical workers – physiotherapists, occupational therapists, speech therapists and others – has ended.
The Tel Aviv Labor Court's judge Ofira Dagan-Tochtamer accepted the position of the Histadrut that the state and Clalit Health Services were dragging their feet during the negotiations to resolve the shortage of manpower slots and the problem of contractual workers.
The sides to the dispute will conduct intensive negotiations until June 21 under the auspices of the court, with the aim of reaching agreements to resolve the crisis. It was therefore agreed that the workers would return immediately to work, the General Labor Federation said.During the hearing, the judge expressed solidarity with the workers' struggle and their distress and chose not to issue injunctions against the strike, but instead to sponsor the discussions between the parties. They allowed the workers to again hold a three-day warning strike if the parties do not reach agreements within the defined time frame.Eli Gabai, chairperson of the paramedical workers union, said: “I welcome the position of the court, which justified our struggle. In the near future, we will conduct real, honest and practical negotiations for the benefit of health professionals and patients.”
Uber Suspends Autonomous Testing on Self-Driving Death
The fatal accident involving an Uber self-driving vehicle is the most significant involving autonomous-driving technology since a Tesla driver's death touched off months of finger-pointing and set back the company's Autopilot program. Bloomberg's Eric Newcomer reports on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." (Source: Bloomberg)
YANGON, Myanmar – Myanmar's government has vowed to take action against police officers shown beating villagers in a video that has circulated on the internet.
A front-page story on Monday in the state-owned Global New Light of Myanmar newspaper about the Nov. 5 incident was a rare official acknowledgment of abuses taking place in the western state of Rakhine. The authorities have been conducting counterinsurgency operations there since an attack in October by unidentified armed men killed nine border guards.
Human rights groups accuse security forces of abuses against the Muslim Rohingya minority in Rakhine, including rape, killings and the burning of more than 1,000 homes. Myanmar authorities have said accounts of abuses are unhelpful exaggerations spread by foreign media.
Monday's story, which cited the office of State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi The country's leader — and police, did not say what punishment the police might face, only that "measures are being taken to take action against those who violated police force rules."
The story said the video clip was recorded by a police constable.
It said the "clearance operation" in the area of Maungdaw township leading to the incident began after six attackers on three motorcycles shot at 11 police officers on Nov. 3, killing one police corporal and wounding another.
The account said that police, acting on a tip, then raided a village looking for the attackers. It added that they were told that in the same village lived a man who distributed "fake information" and placards to fuel a protest there when diplomats visited on Nov. 3.
"The operation also uncovered six machetes, one knife and one spear," the story said. "Following the operation, the police released the remaining villagers and urged them to support community peace in the village."
It did not make clear how many villagers were detained or charged.
COLUMBUS – There were no big revelations in Ohio State's spring football football game on Saturday, just smaller surprises like discovering running back Mike Weber is left-handed when they threw a pass to quarterback J.T. Barrett on a trick play.
But there were enough things unearthed that at least a partial picture of the 2017 Buckeyes could be imagined, and in one case there was an intriguing glimpse of 2018.
The Scarlet team, led by sophomore quarterback Joe Burrow (14 of 22 for 262 yards and three touchdowns), wide receiver Johnnie Dixon (6 catches, 108 yards, 3 Tds) and running back Demario McCall (6 carries, 83 yards) held off the Gray team 38-31.
Freshman quarterback Dwayne Haskins (21 of 32 for 255 yards and two scores) was the driver of the Gray offense.
Ohio State's first-team players barely played and when they did the defense had to keep their hands off the entire starting offensive unit, not just the quarterback, as is customary in most spring games.
Starting left tackle Jamarco Jones did not dress and the first quarter and a half resembled a game of two-hand touch football with no skill position players being taken to the ground on tackles.
Still, it was possible to discern some things from Saturday's exhibition.
A few of them included these items:
—Spring game success doesn't always translate to regular-season achievement, but if Dixon stays healthy, OSU might have found a deep threat in the often-injured fourth-year wide receiver.
Dixon was touted as one of the top wide receiver recruits in the country when they signed with Ohio State in 2014. But knee problems have limited them to seven catches in the last three seasons.
“Johnnie is an enigma. They got here and had tendinitis issues in their knees. They would go to two practices and then miss two practices,” OSU coach Urban Meyer said.
“He decided to take one last swing and they had the best spring. They didn't miss a practice. I was so happy to see them have success because we really need him,” they said.
Center Billy Price joked that Dixon has “grandpa knees” and said, “To see them get back to the old Johnnie they always knew was in there was awesome.”
—Right now, Meyer appears satisfied with the progress of 77 percent of the Buckeyes and wants to see improvement by the other 23 percent.
“Nine units strong” is one of Meyer's mantras. After Saturday's game they said,““I'm very pleased. There are a couple of areas we have to shore up. I don't think we're nine strong but we're seven strong right now.”
Asked which two units needed to improve, they said, “That's between me and the two.”
— Burrow, last year's No. 2 quarterback, played well enough to keep that job but Haskins' performance appeared to make them a credible threat to challenge for that position on the depth chart. It certainly appears OSU will have an interesting battle for the starting quarterback job in 2018.
Meyer said they aren't ready to commit to either as the No. 2 right now. “I”m not prepared to say who's two and who's three, etc. yet,” they said.
—Ohio State's offense could be more interesting and more productive this fall with Kevin Wilson as its coordinator.
Wilson directed the Scarlet team's offense, which produced 385 yards total offense, 343 of it in the air, in the abbreviated spring game, which consisted of four 10-minute quarters.
Price described Wilson's offense as “explosive” and said, “You're seeing Demario McCall running down the sideline, you're seeing Johnnie Dixon running down the sideline. You're seeing Joe Burrow drop dimes.”
—McCall might be able to provide some of the big-play ability Curtis Samuel brought to the lineup last year.
The sophomore running back appears to have added some much-needed weight without losing any speed. They delivered some big plays last year during blowouts. The question is if they can do the same thing against first-team defenses.
—Kicker Sean Nuernberger, who lost their job to walk-on Tyler Durbin last season, took a positive step in what is expected to be a competition between them and highly rated incoming first-year student Blake Haubeil in preseason camp when they kicked field goals of 42 yards and 33 yards.
The spring game ended with a special play in which 17-year-old Jacob Jarvis, who suffers from Duchenne muscular dystrophy, took a handoff from quarterback J.T. Barrett and motored their wheelchair into the end zone.
Meyer said defensive ends Tyquan Lewis and Jalyn Holmes suggested having Jarvis, who has had a relationship with OSU's football team since 2014, score a touchdown.
“They asked if we could do that, and I wasn't sure how you would do it,” Meyer said. “But we worked it out, and it was the players' idea, which shows you what kind of character we have in our upperclassmen. We love Jacob. He's a part of our family.”
Lewis said, “Yesterday after practice, Coach Meyer said, ‘Remind me and we'll get it done.' And we got it done.
“Oh man, it really lifts your spirit seeing it. Things like that really lift your spirit. Everybody loves Jacob,” they said.
http://dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_Ohio-State-Logo-WEB-1.jpg
By Jim Naveau [email protected]
Reach Jim Naveau at 567-242-0414 or on Twitter at @Lima_Naveau.
Reach Jim Naveau at 567-242-0414 or on Twitter at @Lima_Naveau.
ISTANBUL - Five Turkish soldiers were killed when their tank was hit in an attack carried out by Kurdish YPG militia fighters on Saturday in northwest Syria's Afrin region, Turkey's armed forces said.
According to state-run Anadolu news agency, the latest attack brought to seven the number of Turkish soldiers killed on Saturday in Operation Olive Branch, which Turkey launched against the YPG in Afrin last month.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
Getty
Friday's meeting with Panama represents the biggest match the United States men's soccer team has played in years. If the Americans don't at least tie Panama, any hope of an automatic qualification to the 2018 World Cup disappears, and the USMNT will either have to survive a playoff with the fifth-place team from Asia or miss out on the World Cup for the first time since 1986.
In such a crucial match, even the smallest detail can be critical. However, the style of the referee is anything but a small detail. Given that the referee affects everything from game flow to the amount of time the match ultimately takes, the identity of the man with the whistle is often a critical part of the match. That's one of the main reasons that FIFA requires the official to come from a neutral country in all competitive matches.
Roberto Garcia of Mexico will be the man in charge of the match when the Americans and the Panamanians take the pitch on Friday night in Orlando, Fla. He's a 42-year-old from Mexico City who is no stranger to the international stage.
Here are five things you need to know about Garcia.
1. He's Been On Big Stages
At the Copa America, the championship of South America, each participating nation selects at least one referee from its country to work matches during the tournament. In each of the past two Copa Americas, Mexico has chosen Garcia as its head referee. In the most recent edition in 2016, Garcia ended up working in a quarterfinal match, a 4-1 Argentina victory over Venezuela.
The fact that they were working a quarterfinal in such a major tournament speaks to how well-respected Garcia is in Mexico. So does the fact that in 2013, they were chosen to officiate the final of the U-20 World Cup between France and Uruguay, the second time that he's been selected to work a final for a major international tournament following the 2011 U-17 World Cup. He's also officiated in the FIFA Club World Cup, an international tournament matching the champions of each of the six continental confederations.
In short, he's not going to be intimidated by the moment. He's been here before many times, and they know how to handle an important match.
2. They Know Both Teams Well
Nothing that the United States or Panama does on Friday will surprise Garcia, because he's seen them against each other twice before. In 2015, Garcia officiated all three of the United States' group stage matches at the Gold Cup, including a draw with Panama. He's even seen the teams play a World Cup qualifying match before, as they were in charge when the USMNT defeated Panama in 2013 in Seattle.
Overall, the United States has been moderately successful in matches involving Garcia, winning three times, drawing once and losing once. However, one positive for Panama is that all of its players should easily remember Garcia's officiating style from their June match against Honduras, which ended in a draw that Panama secured with a goal in the 90th minute.
If not for an injury they suffered at the Club World Cup in December 2016, he'd be even more familiar with the squads. When Panama hosted the U.S. in March, Garcia was slated as the referee. However, they tore a muscle officiating a quarterfinal match in Japan, forcing FIFA to replace them for the USMNT's 1-1 draw with Panama.
3. He's Also Hoping to Make The World Cup
Just like the teams, Garcia also has the World Cup as their pinnacle. For all of their success, he's never managed to make it to soccer's ultimate tournament. Each confederation only sends a handful of referees to the World Cup and rarely does a country get more than two referee spots from its confederation. For the past three World Cup cycles, Garcia has found themselves blocked by veteran officials Benito Archundia and Marco Rodriguez.
However, Archundia retired in 2011 and Rodriguez followed after officiating Germany's World Cup semifinal win over Brazil. With neither of them around to take Mexico's spot, a strong performance from Garcia in this match might secure their own trip to Russia in the summer. Should that happen, they probably wouldn't be seeing either the U.S. or Panama in Russia. At the World Cup, FIFA elects to assign referees from a neutral confederation, meaning that if Garcia makes it, he'll likely be officiating matchups involving European, Asian, African or South American teams.
4. They Don't Hesitate to Throw the Book
Garcia is not what most soccer fans would call a lenient referee. When he's challenged by players and forced to take control of the match to put a stop to shenanigans, they have no problem asserting their authority with a card.
During their career, he's averaged 4.5 yellow cards per match, with the majority of those bookings coming in matches in Liga MX, the Mexican domestic league. In World Cup qualifiers, he's been a little slower to pull out the cards, but not by much. He's given out 23 yellow cards in seven matches, an average of 3.28, and he's never given a red card in a qualifier.
However, if they display the same style they did in their most recent match, both teams will need to be careful. Last week in a match between Toluca and Club America, Garcia handed out 11 yellow cards and a red by the time the final whistle had blown.
5. He's Given Yellow Cards to Neymar and Lionel Messi
The mark of a good official is a willingness to stand up to star players. When a superstar such as Cristiano Ronaldo knows they can intimidate an official into giving them a call, they won't stop trying to manipulate the referee until the match is over. With Garcia, that shouldn't be an issue.
In 2015, Brazilian star Neymar attempted to gain some space on their free kick attempt by removing some of the vanishing spray Garcia had used to mark the free kick area with their hands. Garcia wasn't pleased and showed Neymar a yellow card.
They also had no qualms showing a yellow card to Messi and didn't give in to the Argentinian's complaints about physical play when they officiated a match involving Colombia and Argentina. According to Messi, Garcia simply told them that the game is more physical in South America than it was in Europe and they aren't going to be calling a foul for what they considered a minor offense.
This is an official who knows the international game and isn't going to let either team wrest control of the game from him. He's not going to be intimidated by anything, and both teams would be wise not to test him.
Video
A film where the plot changes depending on the viewer's brain activity has been developed by the University of Nottingham's Richard Ramchurn.
The Moment has its world premiere at the Sheffield DocFest on 7 June 2018.
BBC Click's Jen Copestake finds out more.
See more at Click's website and @BBCClick.
Now that the Buds are back in style, David Letterman might want to dust off their Maple Leafs gear.
A retro photo of the former late-night host in an away jersey, with their thumbs through their belt loops, was uploaded to reddit showing Letterman's love for the Buds.
“He looks a lot like Mick Jagger,” one redditor commented, while another added, “Would love to know the backstory on this picture” (yeah, us too).
This isn't the first time Letterman has been snapped wearing Leafs gear. The team's official Twitter account shared a photo of the funnyman two years ago looking suave with the caption, “Thanks Dave.”
Now, if someone could just PhotoShop a fanny pack into that shot...
DES MOINES, IA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Connected Nation (CN) and Lt. Gov. Kim Reynolds honored Governor Terry Branstad on Monday, April 17, with the Connected Nation Broadband Visionary Award. Governor Branstad was presented the award in a small, afternoon ceremony at the state capitol in Des Moines.
Federal Communications Commission Chairman Ajit Pai also sent a letter congratulating the governor on the award, writing "as the Governor of a largely rural state, you have harnessed technology and telecommunications in a remarkable manner. Thank you for your dedication to empowering Iowans through connectivity. Your forward-thinking approach has inspired many throughout our country."
Governor Branstad has a long history of working to bring broadband (high-speed Internet) accessibility to all Iowans, dating back to their first years as Governor where they were among the first in the nation to establish a state broadband communications network. Holding fast to the ideal that broadband can be a force of great socio-economic progress in the state, Branstad has stated "The communities that will thrive in this new economy are those which take every opportunity to organize and plan to continually improve their technological capabilities."
In recent years, they are credited with empaneling the 2013 State Advisory Broadband Committee, launching the "Connect Every Iowan" initiative with Connect Iowa, a public-private partnership to make Iowa the "Most Connected State in the Midwest," and for passing one the nation's first state broadband bills in 2015. For their efforts, Iowa has also been recognized as a national leader in organizing for a statewide, interoperable first-responders network.
Lieutenant Governor Reynolds remarked, "Like the Governor, I believe Iowa's future -- our education, economic growth, public safety, and more -- are tied directly to technology and access to broadband. If we are to continue to grow, we must be connected and I will continue to work toward bringing access to all Iowa families, businesses, farmers and more -- so, together, we will excel."
Connected Nation CEO, Tom Ferree commented, "Today we celebrate the vision and strong leadership that Governor Branstad has provided in the pursuit of a more connected Iowa. We look forward to supporting Lt. Governor Reynolds as they build on this foundation and continues the work necessary to ensure that every Iowan has the opportunity to participate and excel in the digital economy."
About Connected Nation: Connected Nation is a leading technology organization committed to bringing affordable high-speed Internet and broadband-enabled resources to all Americans so no one is left on the wrong side of the "Digital Divide."
Connected Nation works with consumers, local community leaders, states, technology providers, and foundations to develop and implement technology expansion programs with core competencies centered on a mission to improve digital inclusion for people and places previously underserved or overlooked. For more information, please visit: www.connectednation.org/. Follow Connected Nation on Facebook and Twitter.
Attachment Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G136003/Governor_Branstad_Letter-c14235d7cdc79f20aaacefb38e601dea.pdf
St. Gertrude parish and priory will present “Who Reads the Bible?” the second in its series of talks on the Reformation, Tuesday at 7 pm.
“Martin Luther's approach to reading the Bible is what is supposed to have touched off the Reformation 500 years ago,” said Dominican Father Clement Dickie, of the Adult Faith Formation program at St. Gertrude. “It is almost cliché to say that the Protestants read the Bible while Catholics don't. However, the role that Bible plays in the life of the Church is not quite so simple. The Bible is always read in a context.”
People get the impression that Catholics don't read the Bible, but I never stopped reading Scripture after I converted. It actually grew more meaningful,” said Lawain McNeil, a former Protestant minister who now directs Adult Evangelization at St. Gertrude. “Fr. Jordan's talk will help Catholics reclaim their birthright to know and understand the Bible.”
The parish Adult Faith Formation program is presenting the series with Dominican Friars based at the Madeira church. Titled “The Reformation after 500 Years: A Catholic Take on the Divisive Doctrines,” the series began last week with a talk on the Virgin Mary by Dominican Father Gabriel Torretta.
Tuesday's talk will be presented by Dominican Father Jordan Schmidt, a doctoral candidate in Scripture at the Catholic University of America. They will explore the way context influences understanding of Biblical teaching.
“There is no one I would trust more to address issues of Biblical interpretation than Fr. Jordan,” said Fr. Clement.
The talk will begin at 7 pm in the St. Gertrude Parish Center. Remaining talks are also scheduled for 7 pm and include “God's Fallen Priests,” a talk on the Catholic and Reformed undreestandsings of priesthood on Oct. 17 by Msgr. Frank Lane, and “ “No Salvation Outside the Church?” on Oct. 24 by Dominican Father Innocent Smith .
A variety of other lectures on the Reformation will take place around the archdiocese this month. For information about them and about dozens of area Catholic events, see our continually updated Calendar of Events at our web page.
× KC Forum: Heatlh, Autism and Diabetes
2017-32
In this week's KC Forum we learn all about home health and how people can continue to live at home when they are older, with help. Juvenile diabetes is a way of life for one metro mother but they don't let it control who their kids are. The Lee Ann Britton Center does marvelous with children who have autism. Safehome provides a safe and nurturing environment for people in needs.
Executive Producer, Cadie Connors
Associate Producer, Andreina Byrne
Engineer, Ed Walker
Music The Elders
Voice Doug Medlock
After the past week's pullback of about 9% for shares of Paddy Power Betfair, it might look tempting to place a bet on the gambling heavyweight.
The stock, after all, has run up more than 40-fold since Paddy Power (as the company was known before its merger with Betfairin February 2016) went public in 2000, and analysts see double-digit percentage growth in profit and revenue over the next couple of years.
Yet plenty of analysts are downbeat on its prospects, and the percentage with a Buy rating dropped to 47% this month, down from nearly 70% at the start of the year.
Valuation is a top concern, even though Paddy Power PPB, +0.28% has fallen more than 30% from its February 2016 peak. Investec analyst Alistair Ross notes that the shares trade at a 44% premium to their sector, based on one key metric—enterprise value (stock market value plus net debt) to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, a measure of cash flow.
That's too rich for Ross, who has a Sell rating on the stock and a price target of 6,970 pence (about $90.45), versus its recent quote above 7,200 pence. They argue that Paddy Power is well positioned for the long run, given its online sports-betting business, strong balance sheet, and other factors, and so deserves a premium price, but below its current level. The stock trades around 19 times forward-year earnings, which is well above rivals' valuations. For example, William Hill WMH, -1.17% has a price/earnings ratio of 11; Ladbrokes Coral Group LCL, -2.78% , 10; and Sportingbet parent GVC GVC, +0.33% , 14.
More from Barron's: Looking for Brexit bargains? Try these 2 sectors
And see: What could keep Ryanair from soaring higher — its ambitions
In addition to looking pricey, Paddy Power might have the deck stacked against it in other ways. Its shares' slump largely was blamed on the unexpected news that CEO Breon Corcoran is stepping down after 16 years at the company in various roles. Paddy Power rushed out an announcement only after Sky News revealed that the surprise departure was in the works, notes JPMorgan analyst Jaafar Mestari, who added in a recent client note, “This departure doesn't appear to be linked to trading performance.”
Given that Corcoran, 46, is considered an especially perceptive and successful executive by many, the selloff isn't necessarily an overreaction. Corcoran is “highly regarded by investors,” says a report from a Numis analyst team led by Richard Stuber. Some investors can't help but turn a bit bearish when a key executive decides to cash in their chips.
Paddy Power's spokespersons say Corcoran will continue to lead the company until new CEO Peter Jackson's start date, which hasn't been announced, helping to wrap up the integration of Paddy Power and Betfair's businesses and “ensuring the delivery of an orderly transition.”
Jackson, 41, a Paddy Power board member, is coming from payments processor Worldpay WPG, +0.64% , whose United Kingdom business they had led.
Check out: 3 stocks for betting on the rush away from cash
“We think the combination of slower growth and CEO succession will mean momentum stays negative,” assert Stuber and their fellow Numis analysts Tim Barrett and Kathryn Leonard in a recent note. They have a Hold rating on the stock, along with a price target of 8,000 pence.
Another weight on the shares in the past week was the company's latest earnings report. It revealed disappointing growth in the online division, which provides about 55% of revenue and allows customers to place bets on things such as tennis star Roger Federer's winning the U.S. Open next month (Betfair recently was giving 5-to-4 odds that they will). Paddy Power's full-year profit guidance also came in slightly below expectations.
Don't miss: How one sneaker stock could double — and it's not Nike
An additional worry for the gambling outfit and the sector overall is the British government's review of the industry, expected to wrap up in October. A possible crackdown on the use of gambling machines in betting shops is a key issue. However, recent reports suggest that U.K. Treasury chief Philip Hammond is putting the kibosh on that possibility. Still, Investec's Ross cites “a worsening regulatory outlook in the U.K.” as one of the factors behind their Sell rating. (Dublin-based Paddy Power generates about 59% of its revenue in the U.K., with Australia providing 21%, and Ireland and the U.S. delivering roughly 6% apiece.)
Potential growth in the U.S. might not be that great, according to JPMorgan's Mestari and their colleagues Alina Jelamschi and Mike Gibbs. They have a Neutral rating on Paddy Power and a price target of 8,420 pence for the stock, which also trades in U.S., under the symbol PDYPY, -0.81% . The company “has no particular strength in poker, which we see as the most attractive opportunity for regulatory upside in the U.S.,” they say.
Given the worries around Paddy Power, it might pay to wait for a cheaper point before wagering on the shares.
This report first appeared at barrons.com on Aug. 11, 2017.
(NBC News) Business is picking up at lawn mower service centers all across the country as homeowners prepare to tackle spring lawn chores.
That means it's also time for tune-ups on your lawn mowers, trimmers and other outdoor power equipment.
- Advertisement -
Fresh oil and clean fuel are a must.
“The reason for that is the fuel in there may be stale,and trying to start it up will circulate it through the gas lines and through all the starting parts and make it much harder to deal with,” says Paul Hope of Consumer Reports.
Draining the old gas might be necessary, especially if it has too much ethanol in it.
“Ethanol's an alcohol. It dries up your skin. It dries up all the rubber products inside the motor,” explains small engine expert Kenny Harnach.
Make sure the gas you're buying has 10-percent or less ethanol in it, or better yet, search out a gas station that sells ethanol-free gasoline.
Read more: http://bit.ly/2GB2DmP
The question can't help but be asked.
Why?
One in four people battles depression, and for some it leads to suicide. But it doesn't have to. FOX 4 encourages everyone to have an open dialogue about depression. Silence helps no one. Below you'll find helpful information that will benefit those battling depression or suicidal thoughts.
If that person is you, know that there are people who care.
Suicide Help Information
If you are thinking of hurting or killing yourself PLEASE call 1-800-SUICIDE (1-800-784-2433).
Learn how lifestyle changes can help you battle depression. KU is running clinical trials. To learn more call 785-864-4274 (leave a message) or visit http://psych.ku.edu.
If you are struggling and need to talk to someone who understands, call 1-866-WARM-EAR or 913-281-2251.
If you need more information or a referral, please call Mental Health of America at 913-281-2221.
No matter your financial situation, there is help available. Please seek help if you or someone you know is suffering.
Suicide Help Information Online
If you are having suicidal thoughts, we urge you to get help immediately.
Go to a hospital, call 911 or call the National Suicide Hotline at 1-800-SUICIDE (1-800-784-2433).
Click on the boxes below for our FOX 4 You Matter reports and other helpful phone numbers and resources.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Online Shopping for the Holidays? Beware Hacks, Scams and ID Theft
It may be the "most wonderful time of the year," with special offers and sales galore, but it's also the most likely time to have your identity stolen, cyber experts warn.
Hackers and online fraudsters are impersonating brand-name retailers and scaring consumers with fake emails, purchases and links in an effort to hook unsuspecting shoppers with phishing scams.
"They know we're frazzled, they know we're easily distracted and they know -- and hope -- that we're going to click on one of those links, which will end up having malware downloaded on our computer," said Ryan Gerding, a spokesperson for the anti-spyware and malware firm Enigma Software.
The National Retail Foundation estimated that about 78 million people were expected to shop online for holiday discounts on Cyber Monday, with one-day profits expected to total $6.6 billion.
Mr. Gerding said the chances of getting a computer infection increase with the uptick in web traffic. As online shopping grows year to year, more Americans are at risk of being hacked.
"Last year during the holiday shopping season, which we counted as Black Friday through Christmas, infections on our customers computers jumped 99.23 percent and that was a bigger spike than in 2015 and in 2014," Mr. Gerding said.
Cybersecurity firm Carbon Black reported that phishing attacks -- emails, messages or pop-ups with corrupted links -- rose last year by 20.5 percent during November and December, and are expected to increase even more this holiday season.
RiskIQ, another cybersecurity intelligence firm, warned consumers of an increased risk of mobile infections during this time -- their most recent analysis identified at least one in 25 smartphones apps referencing "Black Friday" as unsafe and malicious.
Without naming retailers, RiskIQ said they identified and blacklisted 32,000 apps and 1,451 URLs that impersonate the top five most popular e-commerce sites.
"The findings confirmed that threat actors are using these well-known brands specifically to exploit the popularity of Black Friday shopping in both web and mobile," RiskIQ wrote in its report.
Mr. Gerding said one of the more sophisticated tactics hackers use is to send an email disguised as from a leading online retailer -- like Amazon or PayPal -- and asking users to dispute a suspicious purchase by clicking on a link.
"Instead of canceling the transaction it'll take you to a site that either will download malware or to a site that looks like an actual PayPal site and says enter your password information here, and then they've stolen it and your account has been hacked," they said.
There are a number of ways people can protect against such viruses. One is to be vigilant about suspicious links.
"Think about that link. Anytime you get an email, or anytime you get a message via social media where there is a link inside of it and it's something you weren't expecting, stop and think a minute before you click on it," Mr. Gerding said.
Other advice includes having an anti-spyware or -malware program that deletes infections as soon as they attack computers. Keeping computer and mobile phone operating systems up to date also help protect against hackers. Make sure passwords are secure and updated regularly.
RiskIQ recommends to always look for the "S" in "HTTPS" or a lock symbol in the web browser when visiting shopping sites. These ensure security and encryption of personal data.
Also, never provide credit card information unless it's a secure shopping portal, RiskIQ advises, and that sites that ask for this information in return for coupons or to win free merchandise are scams.
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Limericks by Bob Aldrich Raider football is rolling the dice.
Moving to a gambler's paradise.
Now can Roger Goodell
Break the Las Vegas spell
And keep NFL teams free of vice?
Say goodbye to the bleak winter gloom,
When the dogwood and daffodils bloom.
As the spring flowers sprout
Each azalea breaks out,
In its rich brightly colored costume
A good landscaper's job is quite hard.
Cutting shrubs by the foot leaves them scarred.
They trim grass by the inch
But good looks aren't a cinch
Because impressions are made by the yard.
Sanchez named MECC Teacher of the Year
Gloria Sanchez loves watching their students succeed.
“For me, there is nothing more rewarding than seeing the smiles on my children's faces when they have accomplished a goal that they have been working on for quite some time,” said Sanchez, who was recently voted by their peers as the Manning Early Childhood Center Teacher of the Year. “For this reason, the children in my classroom are not allowed to use the words ‘I can't' in relation to activities and lessons. To me, this is a sign of defeat, which I refuse to encourage.”
The MECC kindergarten teacher has four years of teaching experience with Clarendon School District 2.
“In my classroom, we focus on what we can do, instead of what we cannot,” Sanchez said. “I enjoy making a difference. I am willing to go that extra mile to ensure my children are getting what they need socially, emotionally, physically and cognitively because I value their learning.”
Sanchez has an associate degree in early care and education with an emphasis on infants and toddlers; a bachelor of science in early childhood education; a master of education in early childhood education; and is pursuing their second master's degree in educational administration.
 They are a member of the National association for the Education of Young Children, as well as the Palmetto State Teachers Association and Phi Theta Kappa National Honor Society.
 They are the founder and president of Educators Rock!, a group they started in June 2017.
“Our vision is reaching every student in every way,” Sanchez said. “Our mission is to inspire a passion for learning.”
Sanchez also volunteers each month as an instructor for 1965 Reading Academy.
“This program promotes reading and provides English language arts strategies and techniques for students that live and go to school in Clarendon County,” they said.
Sanchez said they are the youngest of six children, and they have struggled since the passing of their mother last year.
“She and I were extremely close,” Sanchez said. “I know that they would be very proud of me. Even though she's not here in the flesh, I know that they are always with me and is smiling down on me.”
Sanchez has two daughters herself, both in their 20s, and a son in their teens. They have three grandchildren, ages 9, 7 and 10 months.
FARGO, N.D. (AP) — A North Dakota woman who earlier admitted killing a pregnant neighbor to get their baby did it by cutting the baby from the mother's womb as they faded in and out of consciousness, prosecutors said Friday.
Brooke Crews, 38, was sentenced to life in prison without parole in a hearing that for the first time detailed the August death of Savanna Greywind, 22, of Fargo.
Ashton Matheny, the baby's father, said learning how their baby was born and their girlfriend died “tore me apart.” Greywind's mother, Norberta Lafontaine-Greywind, fought back tears, but said they were satisfied with the sentence — the toughest Crews could have received.
Prosecutors said the two women argued, and Greywind was pushed and briefly knocked out before Crews began cutting them Greywind eventually bled to death, they said.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek cited the predatory and cruel nature of the crime in handing down the maximum sentence.
Crews, wearing orange prison clothing and cuffed at the wrists, cried as they read a statement of apology. They said they wished they could take the family's pain.
“There is no excuse. There is no rationalization. There is nothing,” they said. Later, they showed no emotion as the judge passed sentence.
Crews' boyfriend, William Hoehn, faces a May trial in the case. They have pleaded not guilty. Prosecutors had cited their pending trial in withholding public details of Greywind's death earlier.
Prosecutors asked for a sentence of life in prison with no parole. Defense attorney Steven Mottinger had asked for less, pointing out Crews admitted guilt without any promise of leniency.
“Acceptance of responsibility is important,” Mottinger said in court. “It has to mean something.”
Greywind was eight months pregnant when they disappeared in August, sparking extensive searches. Kayakers found their body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with Hoehn.
Norberta LaFontaine-Greywind, one of four family members to give statements during sentencing, said that what Crews did was “beyond evil,” and said they were suffering horrific nightmares. Them husband, Joe Greywind, said the family is trying to heal, “but we find it nearly impossible.”
Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd earlier called Greywind's death a “cruel and vicious act of depravity.”
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up their newborn daughter, but they later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents.
Hoehn told police they came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented them with an infant girl and said: “This is our baby. This is our family.” Hoehn told police they took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and their bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex.
A bill in Congress aimed at protecting Native American women and girls from violence, abduction and human trafficking is named for Greywind. Savanna's Act, introduced by Democratic Sen. Heidi Heitkamp would improve tribal access to certain federal crime information databases and create standardized protocols for responding to cases of missing and murdered Native Americans.
It also would require an annual report that would include statistics on missing and murdered Native American women.
“You would never wish this suffering on anybody, on anybody's family, on anybody's sister or daughter or mother,” said Gloria Allred, attorney for the Greywind family. “But the only good that will come out of it … is more attention to change on this issue for other Native American women in the future.”
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte Pause
1:45 Should 16- and 17-year-olds be in solitary confinement?
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:42 Trump's White House
2:22 Video shows deadly police shooting of Keith Lamont Scott
1:20 500 laptops given to CMS students
1:31 Protesters voice their opinions outside CMPD HQ
0:21 One dead in south Charlotte shooting
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away
Six adults and six kids are without a home Sunday after a devastating fire at an apartment complex destroyed everything they owned. It happened just before 2 a.m. at the Maryland Hacienda Apartments. Sandra Miranda, their husband and their two children are four of the people that were left with nothing.
“We hear somebody busting windows so we're like ‘Oh my god,' so we got up and checked and then screaming ‘Get out! Get out! Get out,'" Miranda said.
Miranda lives right next door to where the fire started.
“I went out through the back door by the kitchen. People were actually coming out from the second floor from the next door neighbor,” Miranda explained.
They say they saw someone jump from the second story and then someone tosses a child down to safety.
“We saw the people just coming out of the second window from the second floor so we're like okay we just get out and try to help,” Miranda said, “We didn't even know that it was gonna go all the way to our apartment but it actually did.”
They say the fire quickly spread, collapsing part of the roof over their apartment.
“It's total chaos, it's a total loss. Nothing saved,” Miranda said. “Right now we're just trying to have a roof over our head.”
Miranda says she's thankful everyone made it out safely, but starting over completely is hard to wrap their head around.
“We're trying to stay strong. I mean we're here together, we're alive, so we're like okay just try to move forward, which is the hard cause of the holidays. Everything is lost. We have to start all over,” Miranda said. “Just pray for us that we can just keep on going.”
The Red Cross is helping Miranda and their family right now. Firefighters are still investigating what started the fire.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
If you can make a sandwich, you can make stuffed French toast. In fact, making stuffed French toast is a lot like making a sandwich.
The concept for stuffed French toast is simple: Make a sandwich with a yummy filling and dip the sandwich in an egg mixture or egg rich batter and cook as you would for other French toasts. The filling needs to be sticky enough that the two slices of bread stick together. Other than that, let your imagination soar.
While you can use anything, cream cheese mixed with fruit spread is a popular filling. We almost always use pastry fillings or combinations of pastry fillings.
We've taught classes and served stuffed French toast to participants. The following combinations have been popular:
Raspberry and Bavarian Cream
Cherry and Cream Cheese
Blueberry and Lemon
Pineapple and Cream Cheese.
These fillings are available here and in our store.
How to Make Stuffed French Toast
The first way is to make it on the griddle. Spread a filling between two slices of bread, dredge it in an egg batter, and pop it on a griddle. The process is exactly the same as making a single slice of French toast. Because the heat has to drive through two slices instead of one, it takes longer to cook. If the bread is becoming too crusty before cooking all the way through, turn the heat down. At a lower heat, it will cook more thoroughly.
Spread the filling or fillings on a slice of bread and add another slice to make it a sandwich.
Dip the sandwich in an egg mixture or tempura batter.
Place the sandwich on a hot griddle and cook as you would French toast, turning once.
Caramel Apple Stuffed French Toast
For this article, we chose apple filling and a caramel syrup to drizzle over it. But maple syrup works too. You could use apple pie filling instead of pastry filling.
When we made the caramel apple French toast in the pictures, we simply used a buttermilk syrup as an approximation of caramel syrup. When the acid is removed from the buttermilk in buttermilk syrup, you are left with a caramelly, almost butterscotch flavor that is fantastic. It's a great choice for French toast.
Choose a buttermilk syrup here.
There are other choices. Vanilla Cream Syrup or Cinnamon Cream Syrup are good choices. A good cream syrup is very much like a caramel.
Caramel Syrup Recipe
You can make your own caramel syrup. This recipe works well.
2 tablespoons cornstarch
1 1/4 cups milk
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup corn syrup
1 cup dark brown sugar
2 tablespoons butter
1 teaspoon caramel flavor
Combine the cornstarch, salt, and sugar in a medium saucepan.
Add the milk and corn syrup. Cook and stir until the mixture boils and is thick and bubbly. Remove from the heat.
Add butter and caramel flavor. Stir until smooth. Thin if necessary with more milk.
Strawberry Cream Cheese Stuffed French Toast with Lemon Syrup
This stuffed French toast was a big hit in our classes. The common way to make stuffed French toast is to spread a filling between two slices of bread—make a sandwich—and then dip the sandwich in egg wash and cook it on the griddle. It's very simple. But in this case, we were using fresh strawberries and didn't want to heat them. So this is how you can make this stuffed French toast.
Wash and slice the strawberries. We used a strawberry slicer to get thin, even slices to fit in our sandwich. We sprinkled the strawberries with a teaspoon of sugar, no more.
Cook the French toast in single slices, not as sandwiches as we usually do for stuffed French toast. Keep the toast warm in a 200-degree oven.
Spread cream cheese pastry filling on half of the French toast slices. Add a layer of sliced fresh strawberries on the filling and top them with the other French toast slices.
Serve the stuffed French toast with warm lemon syrup.
Our lemon syrup mix has a tone just like a lemon pie. Folks went nuts over the combination of strawberries, cream cheese, and lemon. This is a must-try breakfast for a special occasion.
Deep Fried Stuffed French Toast
You can also make stuffed French toast by deep frying it. Instead of dipping your sandwich in an egg batter, use a tempura batter. Deep frying with a tempura batter makes your stuffed French toast light and crisp. It's not as quick and simple, but in our classes, people always prefer this method.
Deep fry just as you would for donuts or French fries. Be sure to use a candy thermometer and keep the temperature in the 350 to 375-degree range. Remove the “sandwiches” with a slotted spatula.
We hope that you enjoy this scrumptious treat!
About the Author
Dennis Weaver has burned food from Point Barrow, Alaska, to Miami, Florida.  They are the founder of The Prepared Pantry in Rigby, Idaho and the author of “How to Bake: The Art and Science of Baking” available as an E-book or as a Kindle book on Amazon. Dennis lives in Rigby, Idaho, with their wife, Merri Ann. They have five wonderful children and six beautiful granddaughters.
RICHMOND, Ky. — Delano Spencer scored 20 points with six 3-pointers, Christian Mekowulu added 19 points, and Tennessee State beat Eastern Kentucky 73-60 on Saturday night to win its fourth straight.
Darreon Reddick scored 11 points and grabbed 10 rebounds for the Tigers (12-11, 7-5 Ohio Valley Conference), who shot 50 per cent from the field and made 16 of 20 free throws.
Spencer bracketed a 10-1 run with 3s for a 42-32 Tigers lead, then hit back-to-back 3s for a 52-43 lead with 10:10 to play. Zach Charles replied with a 3 and the Blazers trailed by six, but got no closer from there.
The Colonels led 21-19 on Nick Mayo's 3, but Ken'Darrius Hamilton's layup sparked a 9-2 run and the Tigers led 32-28 at halftime after holding Eastern Kentucky to 38 per cent shooting from the field.
Mayo scored 21 points, Charles had 17 and Dedric Boyd 10 for the Colonels (8-17, 2-10), who have lost six straight.
Knicks point guard Jarrett Jack used flawless logic while praising teammate Ron Baker.
“You never know what may come your way, but you've got to be ready for it,” Jack said. “If you're not ready for the opportunity that comes your way, what's the point of the opportunity?”
The point was Baker was ready. So Sunday, they transformed opportunity into production. It took a while, far longer than Baker anticipated, but they finally had a meaningful role in a Knicks victory this season.
“Obviously, it was a lot of fun. I feel I contributed very well. When you finish a game with a win and you contributed it feels pretty good,” said Baker, who played 31 minutes and most of the fourth quarter while contributing defensively in the Knicks' 111-107 victory over Atlanta.
It has been an uneven season, to put it mildly, for the second-year undrafted guard from Wichita State. Last season, former president Phil Jackson lavished them with praise for their defense. Jackson, of course, is now enjoying unemployment. In the offseason, the current hierarchy lavished Baker with a two-year, $8.9 million contract that caused some to demand drug testing for execs.
But Baker was determined to prove their worth. That became hard to do on a badly sprained ankle. And it was harder still with a subsequent sprained shoulder.
“Obviously, I wasn't 100 percent health-wise at the beginning of the year,” Baker said. “Just kept trying to make strides, get everything healthy and just get into good shape. And what I've been trying to do.”
They certainly aren't getting in shape through cameos after they were healthy. There was even a G-League detour. But Baker stayed ready. Call Jack impressed.
“He hasn't played in a nice little time and each and every day I see them working. I see them practicing hard. I see them getting extra shots. I see them getting extra sprints when everybody is getting ready to end practice and go about their day,” Jack said. “It's very admirable. You're working, not knowing if opportunity is going to come or not. That's just a character trait and I think that's amazing.”
In Chicago on Saturday, Baker dressed. And they sat. Sunday, they got a call. In fact, they were the first guard off the bench.
“Ron has been better in practice, their ankle feels good now,” coach Jeff Hornacek said. “We know how they played last year with their defense, their strength. Their shooting has gotten better.
“When guys play well, you want to stick with them.”
So they stuck with Baker for those season-high 31 minutes.
“I tried my best to stay ready,” Baker said. “If you keep your cool, support your teammates and keep working in practice you never know when your name will be called.”
So was Sunday a start? Is Baker back in the rotation?
“It's possible,” Hornacek said.
Either way, chances are better than not Baker will be ready.
Pride will play tough cricket, warns Carter
BRIDGETOWN, Barbados, CMC – Ace batsman Jonathan Carter has warned that Barbados Pride will be at their best for the semi-finals of the Regional Super50 which bowl off in Antigua today.
Last year's losing finalists, Pride dominated Group B staged here, losing just one of their eight games as they accumulated 33 points to top their group ahead, five points ahead of the second placed Jamaica Scorpions.
Pride takes on Leeward Islands Hurricanes in the second semi-final at Coolidge Cricket Ground, with Carter buoyant ahead of the contest.
“At the end of the day it is cricket so we will play on the day and see how it goes,” said the in-form left-hander following Pride's resounding victory over CCC Marooners in their last preliminary game on Sunday.
“In terms of preparation, Barbados Pride we are ready and we are going to play tough cricket. We are all gelling together as a team and a unit and it's just a matter of playing good cricket on the day.”
They added: “Application, dedication and determination, those are the three words I would use. If you saw a couple of the games we had a few challenges and we came out victorious and two of those occasions batting second, and that was the product of having determination and dedication to win.
“I am sure that the guys in the team are ready and willing to win this tournament.”
Carter has been one of the mainstays of the Pride batting, gathering three half-centuries during the preliminary round en route to an aggregate of 300 runs at an average of 42.
The West Indies batsman said they had entered the tournament full of confidence and though they had failed to score a hundred, their self-belief was still high as the knock out stage approached.
“I've taken my confidence from the first game. It's just a matter of me applying myself for the semi-finals and finals if we do get there, so it's just a matter of my thinking and the situation of the game.
They continued: “I'm full of confidence. I've been striking the ball pretty well. I wanted to go on to a hundred [against Marooners] but I had a job to do for the team as always, and I'm a team person so I tried to continue in upping the run rate and it was unfortunate that I got out on 79.”
The first semi-final is set for Wednesday at Coolidge between reigning champions Trinidad and Tobago and Scorpions.
Dems Tout Equifax, Wells Fargo in Fight Over Arbitration
Equifax and Wells Fargo. Democrats determined to stop Republicans from overturning a consumer-oriented rule are using the scandals roiling both companies to hammer the GOP's efforts. A hack of Equifax's computer system exposed the sensitive personal information of 143 million Americans. Wells Fargo was fined $100 million by federal regulators for its illegal sales practices in which employees trying to reach unrealistic sales goals opened accounts without customers' permission.
In July, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau decided to ban most types of mandatory arbitration clauses. The clauses require credit card or bank customers to use an arbitrator when they have a dispute rather than sue in court, and the clauses were commonly used by both companies.
The House has since voted to block the consumer bureau's rule. Now the clock is ticking on action by Senate Republicans.
"These companies did terrible, terrible wrong and they want to prevent consumers from having rights to sue them. That is outrageous," Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., said at a news conference Wednesday in the Capitol. "Put simply, we're urging our Republican colleagues to say no to immunity for Equifax, Wells Fargo or anyone else who does such horrible financial misdeeds."
Democrats argued that, without the new rule, companies will be able to keep private those disputes pursued through mandatory arbitration.
"They allow corporate America to take advantage of a shadow justice system," Sen. Al Franken, D-Minn., said of the arbitration clauses.
Banks have strongly opposed banning arbitration clauses, arguing that arbitration is a more efficient way of handling small disputes and that class-action lawsuits largely benefit the lawyers handling the cases.
In voting to overturn the rule in late July, House Republicans said the average payout for consumers in financial class-action lawsuits was $32 and attorneys made nearly $1 million.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., has not scheduled a vote on repealing the rule, but Democratic aides said they are trying to get fellow Republicans on board with repeal of the rule.
With Equifax's former CEO expected to testify before congressional panels next week, a news conference Wednesday gave Democrats an opportunity to link the credit reporting agency with the use of arbitration clauses.
"Whether it is fake accounts at Wells Fargo or a massive data breach at Equifax, recent scandals have demonstrated that consumers need to access the justice system when a big, powerful company opens accounts in their name, without their consent, and leaves them vulnerable to fraud by failing to secure their personal data," said Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto, D-Nev.
Equifax, after criticism from consumer advocacy groups, announced that it had removed arbitration clauses for those who enroll in its free credit monitoring and identity theft protection.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The property group which co-owns Birmingham's Bullring and Grand Central shopping centres has dismissed an offer to buy the company.
Hammerson said the bid by French group Klépierre significantly undervalued the company after the Paris-based investor and mall operator made a offer which valued it at 615 pence per share.
In a statement to the London Stock Exchange today, Hammerson described the approach as "unsolicited and entirely opportunistic in its timing" and its board had unanimously rejected it on the grounds it "very significantly" undervalued the group.
The statement added that Hammerson remained fully committed to acquiring Intu Properties, the company which owns and operates the Merry Hill centre in Dudley, after the proposed deal was first announced in December.
Hammerson, along with Land Securities and Henderson Global Investors, was part of the the original development team of the Bullring which opened in 2003 and it still owns 50 per cent of the city centre mall.
In 2016, it acquired the Grand Central shopping centre above New Street from Birmingham City Council, later selling 50 per cent of its stake to Canadian Pension Plan Investment Board.
Hammerson's chairperson David Tyler said: "The proposal from Klépierre is wholly inadequate and entirely opportunistic.
"It is a calculated attempt to exploit the disconnect between our recent share price performance and the inherent value of our unique and irreplaceable portfolio which is delivering record results.
"The Hammerson board sees absolutely no merit in Klépierre's proposal and has unanimously rejected it.
"The board strongly advises shareholders to take no action."
Klépierre said it had made a proposal to the board of Hammerson on March 8 with the intention of engaging in dialogue regarding a possible offer for entire company.
"The proposal represents a premium of approximately 40.7 per cent to the closing price of 437.10 pence per Hammerson ordinary share on March 16, 2018, and the consideration would comprise a combination of cash and shares in Klépierre.
"The board of Hammerson rejected the proposal in less than 24 hours."
If you're out and about on a sweltering day, it probably won't be long before you start to feel tired and sluggish. But why does being out in the heat bring on feelings of drowsiness?
The reason for this lethargy is simple: Your body is working hard to keep you cool, and this extra labor makes you feel tired, said Dr. Michele Casey, the regional medical director at Duke Health in North Carolina.
"Your body, especially in the sun, has to work hard to maintain a consistent, normal, internal temperature," Casey told Live Science. [What Would Happen If You Fell Into a Volcano?]
On a hot day, your body makes several adjustments to maintain its temperature. For instance, it dilates your blood vessels, a process known as vasodilation, which allows more blood to flow near the skin's surface. This allows warm blood to cool off, releasing heat as it travels near the skin, Casey said.
This increased blood flow near the skin explains why some people look redder when they're feeling hot, according to the BBC.
In addition to vasodilation, the body secretes sweat onto the skin. This sweat then cools the skin as it evaporates, Casey said. But in order to do this extra work, your heart rate increases, as does your metabolic rate (the number of calories your body needs to function), they said.
"All that work — increasing your heart rate, your metabolic rate — eventually makes you feel tired or sleepy," Casey said.
Furthermore, most people spend their lives slightly dehydrated. Being hot and sweaty only worsens that dehydration, and a symptom of dehydration is fatigue, they noted.
Getting skin damage from the sun can also heighten dehydration. When the sun's rays beam down on your skin, it can cause pigmentation changes, wrinkles and burns. "These chemical changes actually cause fatigue," Casey said. "That's because your body is working to repair the damage."
Sunburns impair your body's ability to regulate its temperature, they said. What's more, when you sunburn, your body diverts fluid from the rest of the body toward the burn in an attempt to heal the skin. This diversion means you have less fluid overall for sweating, which can lead to more dehydration and fatigue, Casey said.
Often, people who are feeling hot might try to cool down with a cool drink, such as alcohol. But alcohol is a diuretic, meaning it may only increase dehydration, Casey said. Coffee, on the other hand, is actually not a diuretic, according to recent studies. But the best way to fight dehydration is with water and a salty snack, such as pretzels or baked potato chips, Casey said.
They advised people to be aware of the symptoms of heat exhaustion: sweating heavily, having a rapid pulse and feeling faint or sleepy. "If that happens, we recommend you get somewhere cool, drink water and see a physician if the symptoms don't improve within about an hour," Casey said.
Heat stroke is a more serious condition, in which the body's core is 104 degrees Fahrenheit (57.7 degrees Celsius) or hotter. This condition requires emergency treatment, as it can lead to damage to the brain, heart, kidneys and muscle. Symptoms include high body temperature, nausea, vomiting, headache and changes in behavior, such as confusion, agitation or irritability. Other symptoms are slurred speech, seizures or coma.
To cool down, Casey advised going to a cooler environment, such as the shade or an air-conditioned area, especially during the hottest hours between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. local time. It's also important to stay hydrated, they said.
Original article on Live Science.
Americans grabbed two of the top four women's spots and six of the top 10 for men in the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday — the first time that's happened since the race went professional in 1986.
Galen Rupp, an Olympic bronze medalist, finished second in their Boston debut, 21 seconds behind Geoffrey Kirui of Kenya.
“It's so exciting to see Americans being competitive here,” Rupp said. “It's a real exciting time. And it's awesome to see American distance running on the upswing and being competitive in these races.”
Also in the top 10 were runners from California, Arizona, Colorado, Oregon and Utah.
“American distance running is looking good today,” said sixth-place finisher Abdi Abdirahman, a Somali immigrant and Tucson resident who is a four-time Olympian. “We have the podium for both men and women, so the future is great.”
Jordan Hasay runs 2:23.0 for 3rd place in their 1st marathon. It is the fastest debut by an American ever. It is the 4th fastest American marathon time. A post shared by Oregon Project (@oregonproject) on Apr 17, 2017 at 9:15am PDT
Twenty-five-year-old California native Jordan Hasay, making their first run at the 26.2-mile distance, was third and Desi Linden was fourth — the first time since 1991 that two US women have finished in the top four. (Edna Kiplagat of Kenya and Rose Chelimo of Bahrain went 1-2.)
“It keeps happening. We keep getting closer. We're putting more numbers in there, and it's just a matter of time,” said Linden, the 2011 runner-up by 2 seconds. “When Americans break the tape, it's going to be a big deal here.”
Hasay (2:23:00) broke the record for an American woman's marathon debut by nearly three minutes, racing with a heavy heart five months after the death of their mother.
“She always told me that I could be a great marathoner,” Hasay said.
No US woman has won since Lisa Larsen Weidenbach in 1985. Meb Keflezighi ended a 31-year drought for American men when they prevailed in 2014, the year after bombings at the race's finish line killed three people and wounded more than 260 others.
Keflezighi, 41, who plans to retire from racing after the New York City marathon in November, stopped after their 13th-place finish Monday to touch the hand of Bill Richard, whose 8-year-old son Martin was the youngest person to die in the bombing.
“In 2013, I was a spectator just like the three victims and when I saw the 8-year-old … the first thing in my mind was that could have been my daughter,” Keflezighi said.
With AP and Reuters
ERIN, Wis. — Sitting on 650-plus acres of land and listed at 7,741 yards, Erin Hills Golf Course is officially the second-longest golf course to host the U.S. Open. Before the championship is over, however, this course is likely to become the longest course in championship history with regards to the time it will take to play.
During the USGA's Wednesday morning press conference, championship officials said that the allotted time for threesomes during the first two rounds Thursday and Friday will be four hours and 52 minutes. For twosomes play, the time is quicker, but still comes in at an eye-opening four hours, 16 minutes.
How exactly are these times determined? According to Jeff Hall, USGA's Managing Director, Rules and Open Championships, the numbers aren't pulled out of thin air but very much data driven. They take into account the length of each hole and the distance from green to tee.
What it doesn't take into account, however, are other variables which might make those numbers balloon even higher, meaning that Thursday and Friday rounds would easily go north of five hours. Listen to some of the caddies during practice rounds, and they're predicting threesome rounds will be closer to six hours. And maybe longer.
For context, the time par for the 2015 U.S. Open at Chambers Bay, which was the longest course in U.S. Open history, was seven minutes quicker than this year.
The biggest issue with pace will be course setup. While 7,741 yards is the official number, USGA executive director Mike Davis says that it's unlike the course will play that long on any given day. Multiple tee boxes on each hole provide flexibility. However, their selection will be critical from a pace-of-play standpoint specifically when accounting for the winds. If the USGA sets up certain holes for a certain wind, and that wind doesn't materialize, players potentially will have a difficult time even reaching the fairways or landing areas on various holes.
Said Davis: “Think about it, the tee shot at 1, the tee shot at 8, the tee shot at 10, tee shot at 11, tee shot at 12, if we get that wrong … for instance, if we set 8 up [a nearly 500-yard par 4] thinking it's going to be a southwest wind and all of a sudden you get a northeast wind, now the players can't even reach the top plateau, which is certainly not what we want.”
Davis joked that they and Hall have already had a conversation with Jake Swick, the USGA's chief meteorologist, stressing the importance that they “bring their A game” this week.
“It's nerve wracking,” Davis said, “honestly more than most Opens sites.”
Additionally, the decision on whether to make certain par 4s drivable, and the potential back-log that can create on tee boxes is another issue. So too is the forecasted rain and the resulting wet conditions, which will slow things down further.
Pinterest Ross Kinnaird/Getty Images Rory McIlroy strolls through the fescue rough at Erin Hills during Wednesday's practice round.
Even if they get the winds right, the number of blind shots and the fescue grasses all around the course will make finding balls more challenging than at other venues, which … you guessed it … will add more time as well.
On the lost ball front, Hall says that they are taking action to be prepared for such a scenario.
“We have 5,000-plus volunteers and a large number of those are part of our marshal crew,” Hall said. “And we have marshals that we can pull into our needs if we find because of weather conditions a particular hole is creating challenges with errant tee shots, whatever it may be, we'll get the resources to those places to help us find the golf ball and keep things moving.”
Indeed, USGA officials will do everything in their power to get players around the course as quickly as possible. But in the end, they know that they can only do so much, particularly given what's at stake for the players.
“This is the United States Open,” Hall said. “This is a very stern test of golf. It's that ultimate test of golf and the pace of play is going to reflect that.”
Special subscription offer from Golf Digest
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Goals from Lewis Grabban and John Swift earned Reading FC their second win inside three days to take another step towards they play-offs.
Royals saw off a Rotherham United side who showed plenty of spirit and almost came away from Madejski Stadium with a point.
Tom Adeyemi had given the Millers the lead in the first half when they pounced on a mistake by Ali Al-Habsi during a dismal first half for the hosts.
However, Reading produced a much-improved second-half display to turn the game around and secure the points.
Grabban equalised just seconds after coming on as a substitute with a fantastic first-time volley. Swift then added a second when they tapped in a low cross from Chris Gunter after a lovely through ball by Danny Williams.
The result - Royals' second win in three days - was their 15th home victory of the season and sees them all-but secure a play-off spot with just three games to go. Six points separates them from seventh-placed Leeds United.
First half
Jaap Stam made four changes to the team which beat Aston Villa 3-1 on Saturday, with Yann Kermorgant, Yakou Meite, Garath McCleary and Roy Beerens all coming into the starting 11.
There was no place in the matchday squad though for the two-goal hero at Villa Park, Joseph Mendes. It was Meite's first start in the league in a Reading shirt since their move last summer from Paris Saint-Germain.
After a quiet opening, the game came to life on 18 minutes when the visitors took the lead through Adeyemi.
The midfielder was in the right place at the right time in the six-yard box to nod home and give the visitors the lead.
Reading struggled to get a foothold in the game and were not at their usual fluent self in possession.
McCleary, Beerens and Swift all lost the ball too easily and it was only Danny Williams who showed some passion and drive in search of an equaliser.
But it was Meite who went closest to grabbing a goal their fierce left footed shot produced a good stop out of Richard O'Donnell and although the ball fell to the onrushing Swift, they were unable to steer their effort in.
And in the dying seconds of the half, Liam Moore had a miscued shot headed off the goalline by Joe Mattock.
Second half
Stam introduced Liam Kelly at the break in place of Meite to add some fresh impetus to Reading's attacks.
The home side certainly upped the pressure after the break and had 13 corners by the end of the game.
Kermorgant and Jordan Obita both went close to equalising for Reading with headers which drew good diving saves out of O'Donnell.
But it was Grabban who got on the hosts back into the game with a superb strike just seconds after their arrival onto the pitch.
And Reading's perseverance was rewarded when Swift tapped home to give Royals the lead after finishing off a superb team move.
Fans urged the home side to get a third goal, but it was the two which were enough as Reading took another step closer to securing a top-six finish.
Star man
Danny Williams - delivered a lovely through ball to Gunter to set up Reading's winner.
Full of running and could have got on the scoresheet late on when they had a long-range shot well saved.
Up next
Reading travels to the City Ground to take on Nottingham Forest this Saturday afternoon. Kick-off is 3pm.
Reading : Al-Habsi, Gunter (c), Obita, Moore, Blackett, Swift, Williams, Beerens (Grabban 64), McCleary (Popa 89), Meite (Kelly 45), Kermorgant.
Subs : Jaakkola, Evans, Ilori, Oxford, Grabban.
Rotherham : O'Donnell; Clarke-Harris, Ajayi, Wood, Mattock; Adeyemi (Yates 83), Smallwood, Vaulks; Taylor, Morris (Newell 57), Ward.
Subs : Bilboe, Belaid, Bray, Purrington.
Referee : C Kavanagh
Attendance : 16,711 (156 away fans)
Three Xanax pills and eight grams of heroin were found inside a safe an employee tried to retrieve Sunday from a store in Spanaway. Pierce County Sheriff's Department
One clear effect of the GOP tax bill is the provision that medical groups object to most: the repeal of the individual mandate to buy health insurance.
Both the House and the Senate versions of the bill include a repeal of the mandate, which calls for a tax on people who don't buy health coverage to help make up the cost of care for the uninsured.
While the mandate is unpopular among voters, it was a must-have for health insurance companies. They demanded such a mandate to even take part in the health insurance exchanges set up by the 2010 Affordable Care Act, and without it, many more can be expected to hike premiums or drop out altogether from the Obamacare markets, experts predict.
“If the requirement to carry adequate health insurance disappears, so will the health care coverage of many Americans,” American Heart Association CEO Nancy Brown said in a statement.
Related: GOP plans to repeal Obamacare mandate
“As insurance rolls decrease, premiums will rise an average of 10 percent," Brown said. "Paying more for health insurance will be a heavy weight to carry if you have a pre-existing condition like heart disease or stroke. We fervently believe this provision should be rejected and removed from the final legislation.”
The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimated that repealing the mandate would result in 13 million fewer people being covered by health insurance and would cause insurance companies to raise premiums by 10 percent a year.
“The repeal of the individual insurance mandate destabilizes an essential pillar of the ACA by removing incentives for young and healthy people to purchase insurance,” a coalition of health and consumer groups, including the American Diabetes Association, the American Cancer Society Cancer Action Network and the American Lung Association, said in a joint statement.
Related: House tax bill would kill medical deductions
“Having young and healthy people as part of the insurance pool helps keep premiums manageable for everyone,” the coalition said.
Ceci Connolly, president and CEO of the Alliance of Community Health Plans, agreed.
"We have concerned the Senate bill disrupts the health care market rather than stabilizes it. Eliminating the individual mandate without any alternative incentives for participation raises the prospect of a weaker, more expensive risk pool," they said.
There are also fears the tax bill could force cuts to Medicare, the extremely popular federal health insurance plan for people over 65.
The Joint Committee on Taxation, which analyzes budget effects for Congress, projected the tax bill would add $1 trillion to the federal deficit over the next decade even if the economy improves.
Under what's known as a "pay-as-you-go," or "pay-go," budgetary rule, that should trigger automatic cuts to entitlement programs like Medicare and Social Security, although Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., won the vote of Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, with a promise that it won't happen.
Very pleased @SenateMajLdr committed to support passage of two impt bills before year's end to mitigate premium increases: Alexander-Murray proposal to help low-income families afford insurance & my bipartisan bill to protect people w/ pre-existing conditions via high-risk pools. pic.twitter.com/UmOIbd0CQn — Sen. Susan Collins (@SenatorCollins) December 2, 2017
"I also got an ironclad commitment that we're not going to see cuts in the Medicare program as a result of this bill,” Collins told NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday.
That may not be an easy promise to fulfill, said Elizabeth Carpenter, a senior vice president at Avalere Health. “It will be interesting to see how leadership puts all the pieces together,” Carpenter said.
There are some areas the House and Senate will have to work out. One is the deduction for excessive medical bills.
“Having young and healthy people as part of the insurance pool helps keep premiums manageable for everyone.”
People who itemize taxes now can deduct catastrophic medical bills from their tax burden. The House bill eliminates the deduction, but the Senate bill broadens it for 2017 and 2018. The two bodies will have to work out a deal on that.
The House bill also would tax graduate students for any tuition breaks they get. That would hit science and medical education especially hard.
Related: Ad encourages Collins to vote against tax bill
The Senate bill doesn't interfere with that deduction — another area for the two chambers to negotiate.
The bills also differ on how much of a tax break pharmaceutical companies get for developing so-called orphan drugs: drugs that won't help very many people, and thus wouldn't be terribly profitable for drugmakers.
The legislation, if it gets worked out, would be the first overhaul of the U.S. tax code in 31 years. It would slash the corporate tax rate, change tax levels for families and individuals, and do away with some deductions in the name of simplifying the federal tax code.
The Senate and House versions must now be reconciled into one bill for the president to sign.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GLADSTONE, Mo. -- One Gladstone police officer is aiming high to score points with neighbors one basketball game at a time.
Officer Blair Parker plays pick-up basketball with them to build connections, even in the metro's recent hot weather.
"I think it's important so that we look humanized," Parker said. "I think a lot of times we put the vest on, we put the gun on and people kind of get the misconception that we're militaristic."
For about a year, Parker has been dribbling up and down the court in full uniform at Happy Rock Park.
It's their contribution to the Gladstone Police Department's community policing efforts, which included events like "Shop With a Cop."
Parker said learning about the people they serve and protects can help build trust and motivate people to reach out when they need it most.
"It kind of creates this relationship that we have outside so you can say, 'Hey, what's going on?' So you see them at the QuickTrip or other places you're at," Parker said. "I think it helps to have that good rapport with others, so we've not always getting called to places just for the bad things."
Former Brighton & Hove Albion defender and coach Ian Chapman has hailed their promotion to the Premier League as ‘fantastic'.
The 46-year-old made 281 appearances and scored 14 goals during a nine-year spell at their hometown club.
The now Burgess Hill Town manager went onto a coaching role at the Seagulls in 2006 and has backed Albion chairperson Tony Bloom for putting their ‘money where their mouth is'.
Chapman said: “(It is) fantastic. Thoroughly deserved. Hopefully they will go and win the title now, which it looks like they will and they totally deserve that.
“From my point of view, I have supported the club since I was a kid and it's fantastic they are back in the big time and all credit to all those concerned at the club. The players and the manager have done absolutely brilliant.
“Hopefully, they can establish themselves in the top league with a chairperson who puts their money where their mouth is and supports the club.”
The Interstate 15 southbound off-ramp to Charleston Boulevard is scheduled to close nightly starting May 8 to 10.
The Nevada Department of Transportation said in a release that the ramp will be closed during the hours of 7 p.m. to 6 a.m.
Charleston Boulevard will be closed off in both directions on the I-15 during those times as well, according to a statement from NDOT.
The temporary closures are due to bridge construction for the last phase of “Project Neon,” which is currently 65 percent finished.
NDOT encouraged drivers in the valley plan for alternate routes if necessary.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Getty
A video is going viral on Facebook Messenger that shows child porn, and law enforcement around the country are asking anyone who receives the message to not open it or share it. Instead, report the message to Facebook immediately and delete it. The message is appearing in several forms, one which urges readers to share the video or photo in order to help find the perpetrator and “give justice to the victim.” If you receive a message like this, which might come from someone you don't know or from a friend's account that was hacked, don't open it and don't share it. Learn more details about the message, how to recognize it, and what to do below.
Many times, viral videos and news about Facebook crimes are just hoaxes, but this appears to not be the case this time. Multiple law enforcement agencies are saying that the message depicts a real crime, but it should not be shared. How do you know if you got one of these child porn messages? One of the Facebook messages asks recipients to make the image or video in the message “go viral” in order to “give justice to the victim,” Breaking 911 reported. Another message reads: “THIS is the child porn video — view and forward to help identify the man and the child.” Another version may act like the video is of you, but it actually depicts the illegal act.
If you get anything like this, do not view or share the video or photo. Sharing the video will not give justice to the victim; instead, it will continue to victimize the child. The video shows a child performing a sex act with an adult. Possessing or sharing child porn is a federal crime. The Internet Crimes Against Children Task Forces is investigating and trying to identify the victim and the suspect.
The message may also take other forms. West Essex NOW reported that police are asking the public to not open any video sent in Facebook Messenger unless you've confirmed with your friend that the video is from them and they've confirmed what's in the video.
Media outlets and individuals across the country have received the message. In fact, KSAT in San Antonio received so many of these messages that they turned off their ability to receive Facebook messages and instructed their news team to do the same for their own Facebook pages. Multiple law enforcement agencies are investigating, including in Ohio, Illinois, Colorado, Tennessee, Alabama, and Missouri. Law enforcement have said that they believe the video may have originated in Alabama and detectives are looking into that lead, AJC reported.
ColumbusPolice, has received several calls regarding a video containing child porn being received via Facebook Messenger. Agencies from Missouri, Alabama and Tennessee have also received reports. Federal authorities have been notified. DO NOT OPEN OR FORWARD THE LINK!!! — Columbus Ohio Police (@ColumbusPolice) February 3, 2018
If you receive the message, or any other message depicting children being exploited or abused, do not open the message, share it, or view the video or photo. Report it to Facebook and contact your local law enforcement. You can also notify the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children at 1-800-843-5678 or online. Once an image or video like this is reported to Facebook, Facebook notifies law enforcement too. Be sure and delete the message. Earlier today, all Chicago PD radio channels broadcast the following message about the email. It gives the same advice, noting that the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children is investigating and you should delete the video and report it to Facebook.
The Memphis Police Department shared similar advice for people in their area who receive the message:
Facebook has not made an official statement about the message, as of the time this article was published. The message has appeared mostly on Facebook Messenger, but some people have reported seeing it on other social media platforms too. If you've received this message, delete it, contact the authorities, and let us know in the comments below, including which social media platform sent it to you.
Qualcomm let slip some information about an upcoming Asus smartphone — and a very interesting one at that. The company seems to have accidentally published a blog post containing information about an “Asus Zenfone AR,” which is only the second consumer-facing Google Tango-enabled smartphone. So why do we think that the blog post is a leak? Well, it's dated January 4, it is about a phone to be unveiled at CES and has since been taken down — but not before publications like GSMArena saw it.
Another interesting fact about the device is that it will be the first Tango-enabled phone that also supports Google's Daydream View headset — making it a perfect device for those interested in augmented and virtual reality.
More: Ultraslim Asus notebook could be getting flagship GeForce GPU
The device will also make use of the Qualcomm Snapdragon 821. While that is 2016's flagship and we're now turning to chips like the Snapdragon 835, the Snapdragon 821 is still a very powerful processor and can handle a lot more than the only other Tango-enabled phone on the market, the Lenovo Phab 2 Pro.
Following the Qualcomm leak, Evan Blass, also known on Twitter as @evleaks, posted renders of what they say is the Asus Zenfone AR.
ASUS ZenFone AR (2nd Google Tango phone) pic.twitter.com/ctKQ9IKfeC — Evan Blass (@evleaks) January 2, 2017
There is no word on pricing or availability for the phone just yet, but more information should be announced when the phone is presumably launched at CES on Wednesday.
The Zenfone AR isn't the only Zenfone we expect to see at CES 2017. Asus has also tweeted about a new Zenfone that will feature the “world's best processor,” which we assume to be the Qualcomm Snapdragon 835. While no other details about the new device have surfaced just yet, like the Zenfone AR, more will be announced shortly.
Follow @insidefutbol
Atletico Madrid are in no rush to sign Diego Costa from Chelsea and could look to complete the deal after the transfer window has officially closed.
Costa has made clear to Chelsea that they only wants to join Atletico Madrid and the striker has no concerns over the fact the Spanish giants cannot register new players until 1st January due to a transfer ban.
As such, Atletico Madrid are in no rush to reach an agreement with Chelsea and could do the deal after the window closes, according to El Larguero.
It is claimed that at present Chelsea want €65m for Costa, while Atletico Madrid are only prepared to pay €38m.
The Spanish side view reaching an agreement before the window closes as tough and as such are in no rush to do so.
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says their organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, they say, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
Summary
American boasts the youngest fleet among the three large global US network airlines
American projects significant fuel efficiency gains from its younger fleet
American continues to issue debt as the primary means for financing aircraft, which results in the airline having higher leverage than its peers
American continues to boast its fleet as one of the youngest in the US
Even before American became a merger target for US Airways, the airline placed a massive order in 2011 for 460 narrowbody jets from Airbus and Boeing as it undertook an ambitious fleet replacement of its older MD-80 jets.
The fleet replacement continued after the merger between the two airlines, and now American's average fleet age of 10 years is significantly lower than United's average mainline fleet age of 14.4 years, and Delta's age of 17.1 years.
American Airlines average fleet age as of 27-Nov-2017
CAPA's fleet database shows American has 45 remaining MD-80 jets in its fleet, with an average age of 21.4 years. The airline has announced plans to retire those aircraft in 2019.
American Airlines fleet summary as of 27-Nov-2017
American touts its fleet efficiency as fuel costs maintain an upward trajectory
Employing a younger operating fleet is an advantage for any airline, but especially for American and other airlines that do not engage in fuel hedging. For the 9M ending 30-Sep-2017 American's top line fuel expense grew 19.9% year-on-year. The airline expects those costs to rise 16% year-on-year in 4Q2017.
American has estimated a 10% increase in fuel efficiency from its operating fleet between 2014 and 2021, which obviously helps mitigate some of the fuel cost headwinds the airline is facing in 2017 and beyond.
The airline's fleet upgauging is also pronounced during that period. The number of narrowbody jets in American's fleet with seats ranging from 161 to 200 seats will jump from 245 to 600, while the number of jets with 99 to 160 seats is projected to drop from 587 to 200. Two-class regional jets are growing from 238 to 400 to 450, and the company's fleet of smaller regional jets is falling from 328 to 150 to 200.
American reportedly examines its future widebody fleet needs
Between 2014 and 2021, the number of aircraft in American's fleet featuring 250 seats or more is growing from 40 to 100, while widebodies with fewer than 250 seats will dwindle from 111 to 50.
Airbus A350s represent the bulk of widebody orders for American. The airline has 22 of the twin aisle jets on order, but according to the news outlet Bloomberg, American is holding talks with Airbus about the fate of the order. American's logic is that 22 aircraft is a small number for an airline of its size.
American has pushed the deliveries of A350 jets back twice, and now expects to receive its first A350 in 2020.
Previously, American has estimated that the Airbus widebody deferrals would slash capex and pre-delivery payments by USD500 million in 2017, and USD700 million in 2018.
See related report: America's airlines adjust A350 commitments. United's order in doubt as used widebodies draw praise
American has financing in place for several deliveries through Apr-2018
American's projected total capex of USD3.8 billion in 2018 is the first time its capital expenditures will drop below USD5 billion since 2014. The airline's capex peaked in 2015, at USD6.2 billion, and will grow to approximately USD4 billion in 2019 and 2020.
American Airlines annual capex from 2014 to 2020
At the end of 2Q2017 American stated that its treasury team had raised USD645 million to finance 11 aircraft through private mortgages and sale-leaseback transactions. The airline also repriced a USD735 million financing packages secured by is London Heathrow franchise.
As of 30-Sep-2017, American had financing commitments for aircraft scheduled for delivery through Apr-2018. The company did not have commitments for 11 Boeing 737 MAX jets and five 787 widebodies. CAPA's fleet database shows American is scheduled to take delivery of 16 MAX narrowbodies, six 787s and nine Embraer 175s in 2018.
American Airlines' projected delivery dates for aircraft on order from OEMs and leased from lessors
American estimates its aircraft capex for 2018 is approximately USD1.2 billion. The airline has stated that it may participate in some sale and leaseback transactions, depending on market conditions. The company has estimated it would use financing instruments for 75% of its 2018 aircraft capex commitments.
American keeps higher leverage, since most aircraft financing is through debt
Between 2014 and 2017, American's total capital expenditures will reach USD22.9 billion. Those levels are much higher than planned expenditures by Delta and United during that period.
American touts its capital expenditures as an unprecedented investment in its product, but most of its aircraft are financed through debt, and the result is that the airline has much higher leverage ratios than its peers.
Data from Morningstar show American's debt to equity ratio YE2016 was 5.94 compared with 0.50 for Delta, and United's ratio of 1.37. American's total debt as of Sep-2017 was USD24.68 billion, compared with USD13.94 billion for United and USD8.8 billion for Delta (based on Wall Street Journal data).
Part of the reason that American's total liquidity balance of USD9.3 billion is so much higher than Delta's or United's is its higher leverage levels. “We think it's a better way to protect ourselves against downturns or any unforeseen circumstances than being less levered”, American CEO Doug Parker recently said.
At some point, American may need to address its leverage levels
American has done many things right in a merger process with US Airways that is winding down. The airline is undertaking a necessary refleeting that will make American more competitive and efficient over the long term.
But that refleeting process comes with certain trade-offs – namely a higher leverage that might be off-putting to some potential investors. American feels it has covered its bases with a comfortable cash cushion, with respect to its leverage, but at some point the company may need to pare down its leverage to match its largest rivals.
Robert Hockett, a professor at Cornell University Law School, discusses why a Federal appeals court in New Orleans ruled that the Obama-era fiduciary rule, which requires financial planners to put customers' financial interests ahead of their own, oversteps the authority of the Department of Labor. They speak with Bloomberg's June Grasso on Bloomberg Radio's "Politics, Policy, Power and Law."
producer: David Sucherman +1-212-617-7663 or dsucherman@bloomberg.net
Running time 08:06
Rookie Prospects Can Mess With Your Fantasy Baseball RosterMLB has seen a lot of injuries to major stars in the last month or so, in addition to a plethora of trades. If you think those are the only things that can derail your journey to a fantasy baseball league championship, think again. Here come the rookies!
Malaysian authorities say they have detained a woman in the suspicious death of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's half-brother, Kim Jong Nam. Kim, who was in their mid-forties, was the eldest of former dictator Kim Jong Il's children. They died en route to the hospital Monday after some sort of encounter at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport.
The woman detained was carrying Vietnamese travel documents, according to police, and was alone at the time of the arrest. Malaysian media cite government sources saying closed-circuit cameras at the airport caught two women approaching Kim. One of them covered their face with a cloth before walking away. Police say Kim fell ill and asked a counter clerk for help.
Sources tell NPR their body was transported earlier Tuesday from one hospital to a larger one — Hospital Kuala Lumpur. An autopsy will be performed.
After growing up in Western countries, Kim has been living outside North Korea for decades.  They are believed to have homes in Macau, Beijing and Paris. In 2001, Kim was detained trying to enter Japan on false travel documents. They later said they were trying to bring their family to Tokyo Disneyland.
The big mystery, if they didn't die of natural causes, is why Kim Jong Nam was attacked, and why now.
"I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies, who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post, from Kuala Lumpur.
I miss Cathedral. You miss Cathedral. I miss the days when Electric Wizard were actually great. You miss the days when Electric Wizard were actually great. So, thank the dark lords for doom heathens With the Dead. The band—featuring former Cathedral/Napalm Death vocalist Lee Dorrian, ex-Electric Wizard/Ramesses guitarist Tim Bagshaw, former Cathedral bassist Leo Smee and ex-Bolt Thrower drummer Alex Thomas—will release the follow up to 2015's Decibel Top 40-cracking self-titled debut on Rise Above later this year. But today, you get the first new jam from them in the short but sick non-LP track “Vessel of Solitude.”
There are a lot of quests in Monster Hunter World, but some of them will not hold the player's hand. Sometimes it's up to the user to discover where they need to go in a certain area by themselves, which can be frustrating if you're pressed for time. One of these missions is simply called “Investigate The Wildspire Waste.”
Warning Spoilers Ahead!
This quest takes place directly after you attack Zorah Magdaros a second time. Once you return to Astera, you will speak with your handler and learn that there have been odd monster sightings in the Wildspire Waste. Once you accept the quest, you'll have to go on an Exhibition to this portion of the continent. The tricky part is the game won't tell you where to go or exactly what you're looking for when you arrive outside of a possible Pukei-Pukei sighting.
Thankfully, finding where you need to go is easy enough once you realize which portion of the map you'll be investigating. When you spawn choose the Southwest Camp and head directly north of your location. The tracks for this beast are located in the Number 3 quadrant of the map which is the top left portion of the area. Once you are here you'll not only discover various Pukei-Pukei tracks but also scales from a Rathalos. You'll handle will note that this is extremely odd and ask you to continue searching around the area.
To trigger the next step of the quest you'll need to find an actual Pukei-Pukei which is roaming around sector three. Just hang around this area – specifically where the desert and jungle connect – until this odd winged beast arrives. Now all you have to do is slay the Pukei-Pukei which is actually quite easy despite this beast being leveled up. Make sure to bring Antidotes and any Poison Resistance materials since this location is littered with plants filled with toxin.
If you haven't hunted a Pukei-Pukei since the beginning of the game, they are surprisingly easy to kill. This monster has a high weakness to Thunder, Sleep, and Paralysis, so equip accordingly. When fighting Pukei-Pukei make sure to focus on its tail first. This is the source for a lot of its poison based fog attacks. Cut off the tail and you will have a window to start attacking it from behind with little counterattacks to worry about.
Additionally, if you are fighting a ranged battle make sure to position yourself at the side of the beast. It has a very long tongue and can easily strike you from several meters away. Once this monster is slain your handler will ask you to return to Astera and speak to the Commander. Remember to harvest the Pukei-Pukei because it has a chance to have high-level materials on it. This is a pretty important quest since it will trigger high-level monster hunts. Despite being a bit cryptic early on, this is a fairly simple Monster Hunter World quest once it gets going.
For more Monster Hunter World guides, news, and features make sure to visit Heavy's gaming section.
BRUSSELS - Emergency food aid for around a million Palestinians in Gaza may run out from June if the UN agency for Palestinian refugees cannot raise another $200 million following a cut-off in US funding, the agency said on Tuesday.
Pierre Kraehenbuehl, who heads the UN Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) providing aid for Palestinians across the Middle East, said US President Donald Trump had withheld $305 million in funding, far more than the $65 million reported in January.
"You already have a very, very fragile community [in Gaza]," Kraehenbuehl told Reuters in an interview during an international donor conference in Syria in Brussels."So if you suddenly have no certainty about the amount of food aid coming from the UN for a million people ... you can just imagine the kind of effects it could have," they said, although they stressed they were not justifying any link to potential outbreaks of unrest.Gulf states, Norway and Canada have stepped in with a total of $200 million to help meet a planned $465 million budget for 2018. The United States, long the biggest donor to the agency, is providing just $60 million of a promised $365 million, Kraehenbuehl said.That leaves a $200 million shortfall to fill for rice, flour, sugar and also to keep funding schools in Gaza and the West Bank.The UN agency's call for help is made harder by the competing demands on donors for crises in Syria, Yemen, Myanmar, Afghanistan and the Democratic Republic of Congo, among others.Kraehenbuehl warned of greater instability in Gaza in part because the economy is already suffering its deepest collapse after a decade of Israeli-led blockades, and internal Palestinian divisions in the coastal strip.Kraehenbuehl said the shortfall in funding for the agency could also mean there may not be enough money to re-open schools in August and September for the new academic year."This is our largest funding crisis ever," they said.More than two million Palestinians are packed into Gaza and while Israel withdrew its troops and settlers in 2005, it maintains tight control of Gaza's land and sea borders. Egypt also restricts movement in and out of Gaza on its border.RAMADAN DONATIONS?Trump withheld the aid to UNRWA in January after questioning the value of such funding, while the US State Department said the agency needed to make unspecified reforms.Many Western diplomats saw Trump's decision as a reaction to the condemnation across the Middle East of their Dec. 6 decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital and before any peace settlement between Israelis and Palestinians. The United Nations also voted to reject that recognition.Kraehenbuehl, a Swiss national, said they had enacted spending cuts to contain costs within the agency and was trying to find new donors in the private sector. Those could be in Gulf countries, or donations made in solidarity with the Palestinians during the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.Kraehenbuehl said that after donors such as Qatar, Turkey and the United Arab Emirates had come forward, they would now seek help from Germany, France, Sweden and Britain, traveling to Berlin later this week. Israel is not a contributor to UNRWA."It's a modest investment to preserving the region from future instability and uncertainty," they said.
SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Nyotron, the creator of threat-agnostic security, announced today that Cyber Defense Magazine, the industry's leading electronic information security magazine and media partner of the RSA® Conference 2017, has named its flagship PARANOID platform the winner in Hot Company in Endpoint Security Solutions.
After many months of review and judging by leading independent information security experts, Cyber Defense Magazine is pleased to have selected Nyotron as a winner for its Paranoid platform.
"We're thrilled to recognize next-generation innovation in the information security marketplace, and that's why Nyotron has earned this award from Cyber Defense Magazine. Some of the best INFOSEC defenses come from these kinds of forward-thinking players who think outside of the box," said Pierluigi Paganini, editor-in-chief, Cyber Defense Magazine.
Taking that next-generation innovation a step farther, the PARANOID platform is able to protect enterprises from advanced and zero-day threats by understanding what normal computer behavior looks like and what to do when suspicious behavior tries to damage data on an endpoint. The solution incorporates a threat-agnostic defense approach, enabling PARANOID to stop any attack, regardless of the type of threat or the methodology used to infiltrate a network. By leveraging this approach, only PARANOID can address unknown threats that other technologies are unable to stop.
The PARANOID line includes Nyotron War Room, which provides high-profile enterprises real-time visibility into the threat landscape with a unique 3D representation of the security status of their endpoints. It also includes Nyotron Managed Defense Services, which deliver monitoring, alerting, management, intelligence, research and incident-response services to organizations across all market segments.
"CDM's recognition of PARANOID validates our company as an innovator," said Nir Gaist, CEO of Nyotron. "The PARANOID platform's approach to protection strongly challenges traditional antivirus and other endpoint vendors that determine attackers' methods and technology after an attack has been executed. Nyotron's threat-agnostic approach assumes threats will get into the network and instead focuses on the damage stage of an attack, identifying threats before attackers are able to gain access to or abscond with an organization's critical assets. This industry honor is a ringing endorsement of the fact that PARANOID is ahead of the curve when it comes to the best-of-the-best products that can provide the highest security in the endpoint security market."
About Cyber Defense Magazine
Cyber Defense Magazine is the premier source of IT Security information. We are managed and published by and for ethical, honest, passionate information security professionals. Our mission is to share cutting edge knowledge, real world stories and awards on the best ideas, products and services in the information technology industry. We deliver electronic magazines every month online for free and limited print editions exclusively for the RSA Conferences and our paid subscribers. Learn more about us at http://www.cyberdefensemagazine.com
About Nyotron
Nyotron is a privately held cyber-security company that has developed a disruptive threat-agnostic defense technology to cope with the biggest challenge of today's digital era -- the unknown threat. PARANOID is designed to prevent targeted and advanced national-level cyber-attacks on high-profile enterprises, and it does so without any previous knowledge about the threat or its methodologies. Based on a unique last-line-of-defense approach, the company's technology is designed to protect enterprise data and critical assets by mitigating threats that were able to outsmart all security layers. Nyotron's customer base includes all major industries, such as transportation, government, banking, healthcare and the public sector. The company's headquarters are in Santa Clara, California, and R&D is in Israel. To learn more, visit www.nyotron.com.
Big Advertisers Boycotting YouTube Over Pedophilia Fears
Two of the world's best-known brands are withdrawing their advertising from YouTube and Google over fears they were featured on "inappropriate" and "exploitative" content featuring children.
Campaigners have warned that pedophiles were targeting the videos posted on YouTube.
The content, although legal and mostly uploaded by children themselves, is easily exploited by pedophile networks who are said to post messages and links to one another in the comments section underneath the videos.
The clips are usually of boys and girls performing everyday activities in their homes. But sometimes the children can be seen partially clothed or in their nightwear.
Investigators say pedophiles leave lewd comments or even try and encourage the children posting the videos to take part in private forum discussions. YouTube has been accused of failing to safeguard these children despite repeated warnings.
Mars told Sky News: "We are shocked and appalled to see that our adverts have appeared alongside such exploitative and inappropriate content. It is in stark contrast to who we are and what we believe.
"We have taken the decision to immediately suspend all our online advertising on YouTube and Google globally.
"We have stringent guidelines and processes in place and are working with Google and our media buying agencies to understand what went wrong.
"Until we have confidence that appropriate safeguards are in place, we will not advertise on YouTube and Google."
Sportswear manufacturer Adidas told Sky News that it was in urgent talks with YouTube and would suspend all its advertising until the issue had been resolved.
It said: "Adidas takes this issue very seriously and were completely unaware that this situation had arisen on YouTube today.
"We recognize that this situation is clearly unacceptable and have taken immediate action, working closely with Google on all necessary steps to prevent this from happening again.
"We will work with our media agencies and directly with Google to ensure that all future programmatic media buying is closely monitored and everything is done in the future to avoid any reoccurrences of this situation."
YouTube admitted it needed to do more, stating: "Content that endangers children is abhorrent and unacceptable to us.
"We have clear policies against videos and comments on YouTube which sexualize or exploit children and we enforce them aggressively whenever alerted to such content.
"We have recently toughened our approach to videos and comments featuring children which may not be illegal, but give cause for concern.
"We also work closely with the Internet Watch Foundation, NCMEC and others to prevent child sexual abuse imagery from ever being uploaded and report it to law enforcement.
"We are committed to getting this right and recognize we need to do more, both through machine learning and by increasing human and technical resources."
The decision by Mars to pull its advertising will put Google and YouTube under renewed pressure to ensure children who upload content to its website are better protected.
More companies including Diageo, Amazon and eBay are thought to be reviewing their positions too. That could amount to millions of pounds in lost advertising revenue.
Sky News understands all Adidas adverts appearing on these videos have already been taken down. YouTube says it is in the process of removing all adverts on inappropriate content:
It said: "There shouldn't be any ads running on this content and we are working urgently to fix this. Over the past year, we have been working to ensure that YouTube is a safe place for brands.
"While we have made significant changes in product, policy, enforcement and controls, we will continue to improve."
© 2017 Sky News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
The Monroe County Sheriff's Department will be using the Temperance Road Elementary School building and grounds to conduct training exercises between the hours of 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. on Thursday, May 31.
This is a scheduled event and not an incident to be alarmed about.
There will be noise around the school and police vehicles in the parking lot.
Copyright 2018 WTOL. All rights reserved.
Shubhankar Sharma held their nerve to sign for a closing 69 and win a first European Tour title at the weather-delayed Joburg Open.
Heavy storms on Sunday forced the event at Randpark Golf Club into a fifth day, with Sharma holding a four-shot lead with their ball on the eighth green when the hooter sounded.
The Indian returned early on Monday morning to make their par and they birdied the next before finishing with nine pars to finish at 23 under, three shots clear of South African Erik van Rooyen.
A place at next year's Open Championship was up for grabs for the top three players in the field not already exempt and South Africa's Shaun Norris grabbed their spot at Carnoustie due to their higher world ranking after finishing alongside Finn Tapio Pulkkanen at 17 under.
Sharma has five wins on the Professional Golf Tour of India but this is the 21-year-old's first victory on a major circuit after eight top-10s on the Asian Tour.
"It feels absolutely wonderful to have won this week," they said at the trophy presentation. "I actually wasn't going to come here about a week ago and I decided to come so I'm really happy that I came. This is my first time in South Africa and I don't think I'm ever going forget my first time in South Africa.
"I hit the ball good and I putted really well but the key up-and-downs I made over the first three days, I think I only missed two up-and-downs over the whole week. Even today, the up-and-downs I made on the 10th, the 13th and the 15th were very crucial.
"Once in a while you just have to make a few par saves to get a round going and I did just that the whole week."
Van Rooyen was left with a tap-in on the ninth when they resumed their round and while they also birdied the 12th, they could not make any further progress as they signed for a 66.
England's Marcus Armitage was the leading British performer at 15 under, two shots clear of compatriot James Morrison and three ahead of another Englishman in Charlie Ford.
International talks intended to strengthen a countrywide ceasefire in war-torn Syria have been postponed by a day, the host state Kazakhstan said on Wednesday, February 15.
The session is now expected to begin on Thursday, February 16, in Kazakhstan's capital, Astana, at noon local time (0600 GMT), the Foreign Ministry said.
The talks are expected to include representatives of Syria's ruling regime and opposition forces, which have been battling in a bloody civil war already in its sixth year.
Russian state media said delegations of the allied Syrian and Iranian governments were still meeting.
Russia, which is helping broker the Astana talks as a major ally of Syria's ruling regime, announced meanwhile that it would host a meeting between its foreign minister, Sergei Lavrov, and the UN special envoy to Syria, Staffan de Mistura, in Moscow.
That meeting was expected to help the sides to get ready for parallel Syria talks in Geneva in the coming weeks.
Iran, Russia and Turkey, which supports some opposition forces, have been trying to serve as military guarantors of the ceasefire in Syria since it went into effect late last year.
(Source: NAN)
Share
What kind of face exactly does the Nigerian army really want to present to us? Good or bad? Beautiful or ugly? Friend or enemy? Protective or abusive?
Forgive my rant. But these days, every time I read the newspapers, watch the local news or check my social media timelines, it seems there's always some news about the Nigerian army or its personnel: some of them disturbing; others cheering.
It's a motley reports: Complaints and commendations; ridicule and praise; contempt and admiration; and it goes on. Sometimes it gets inundating. It's like the army has become two faced; something like a shape shifter.
And it gets me worried; and I think the top hierarchy of the force should too.In recent times, we've read so much about the heroics of the Nigerian army in beating back the threat of Boko Haram and decimating their ranks and capacities to launch any serious attacks.
But why are a few members of the army bent on rubbishing these proud records and tainting the good works under the commendable leadership of the Chief of Army Staff (COAS), Lt. Gen Tukur Yusuf Buratai? And what is the army doing about it to ensure Nigerians don't have a permanent negative view of the men in green?
Allow me to bore you a little with the details.In a new video that went viral on the vibrant Nigerian social media webspace, Nigerians recoiled in shock and disbelief as they watched footages of Nigerian soldiers mercilessly beating a crippled man in Onitsha for daring to wear a military fatigue.
The video showed onlookers watching helplessly as the man on wheelchairs received rains of blows and lashes of the whip from the uniformed men. The disabled man rolled in the mud and writhed in pains.
Nigerians are familiar with military brutality, but flogging a defenseless man on a wheelchair for the ‘crime' of wearing a military camouflage? Now that's a new level of impunity.
Earlier in January, one Jewel Infinity, a Nollywood actor narrated how they were assaulted by soldiers manning a checkpoint in Port Harcourt while driving to Onitsha for allegedly “gossiping” about one of the men with another lady beside them in the vehicle.
Still in Port Harcourt, another soldier reportedly smashed the windscreen of a man for “disturbing them with the loud noise” from their car radio!
There were a few other random cases where soldiers took the law into their own hands and unilaterally served punishment to members of the public, took pictures or allowed others to take them and post on the Internet.
Talk about gross impunity, crass indiscipline and utter disdain for the public they are meant to protect!Don't these band of misfits in the force take a moment to ponder why the American public so much revere its military? Why they fondly call them the U.S. marines? Or feel mightily protected and proud when they talk about its special force, the Navy Seals?
Well, it's because unlike its average Nigerian counterpart, a U.S. marine inspires patriotism, devotion, admiration, respect and a sense of safety — not fear and contempt.
I'm not exactly holding brief for these allegedly wronged citizens; as we know some Nigerians simply love trouble and deliberately break the law, so they could run off to a judgmental mob on Twitter and Instagram and bay for blood of the supposed aggressor. But that's a matter for another day.
Let me at this juncture acknowledge the responsiveness and sensitivity of the top hierarchy of the force in dealing with the public outcries that trailed these cases and similar ones.
In the case of the crippled man in a wheelchair in Onitsha, the erring soldiers have reportedly been demoted and jailed; while the assaulted man, Chijioke Raphael Uraku was compensated with cash gift and clothes by the army.
In the same vein, the army summoned Suleiman Olamilekan, the soldier that reportedly assaulted the Nollywood actor, Infinity Jewel in Port Harcourt, along with a guard commander and punished them accordingly.
That demonstration of empathy, warmth and public rapport typifies the new face the top hierarchy of the army is now trying to present to us all. And perhaps no one represents that evolving image more than the head of the force himself, Lt. Gen. Tukur Yusuf Buratai.
The Biu, Borno-born military officer has come to cut the image of a fine gentleman and a soldier's soldier with a fierce reputation for taking out the enemy with brutal fatality and effective clear-outs.
“…My vision on assumption of office (is) to have a professionally responsive Army in the discharge of its constitutional roles,” Lt. Gen Buratai had said during 2016 Regimental Sergeant Majors (RSMs) Convention at the Army Resource Centre, Abuja.
Such is their non-nonsense attitude and the magnitude of impact he's made on the force since they came into office in July 2015 that Boko Haram terrorists probably never knew what hit them and never recovered as Gen. Buratai and their motivated men in just under two years dealt them blow after blow and reduced them to a demoralised and fast thinning band of ragtag bandits.
However, more needs to be done, as some soldiers especially at the lower ranks appear bent on prolonging a long tradition of invoking fear and hate among the populace and treating them as “bloody civilians.”
But what the army needs now isn't to force fear and hate in the citizenry. It is to inspire respect, love and admiration in them.This is where Gen. Buratai needs to invest a lot more effort and strategy so their quiet, commendable revolutionary isn't rubbished or stained by the indiscretions and old habits of a few members of the force.
• Mohammed is the publisher of the Maktoub Magazine.
TIPP CITY — Tipp City schools will leave the Greater Western Ohio Conference League (GWOC) at the end of the 2019-2020 school years.
The board of education voted Monday night to leave the conference and form a new one no later than the 2020-2021 school year.
The new conference, as yet unnamed, will include Fairborn, Greenville, Piqua, Sidney, Stebbins, Tippecanoe Troy, Vandalia Butler, West Carrollton, and Xenia.
Superintendent Gretta Kumpf said the district has had a “great experience” during its short time in the GWOC, but added that discrepancy in school enrollment was concerning.
The board also discussed strategic planning. Board member Joellen Heatherly said the board has interviewed two consultants to work with the district on developing a strategic plan.
They noted that there appears to be “strong interest” in a plan to build a new pre-kindergarten through third grade building.
Board president Sam Spano said the strategic plan would include a facilities and maintenance plan, as well as a plan for school safety and security.
During citizen comments, resident Ruthann George urged the board to consider an alternative to a proposed plan to renovate L.T. Ball and the middle school. They encouraged the board to think bigger when planning for the future.
The children pile into the stadium in shiny clothes, clutching green-and-white Pakistani flags. Their parents light the area with cell phones to record the event as they scream, chant and cheer, watching soldiers close a gate that separates India from Pakistan.
In the evening ritual at the Wagah-Attari border, near Lahore and Amritsar, soldiers from both countries high-kick, shake their fists, then shake hands – and slam the gate shut.
It is deeply visceral for many Pakistanis: an acknowledgement of their border, of a plucky country they feel they have sacrificed so much to create.
Pakistan was imagined more than 70 years ago by a stern, British-educated, whiskey-drinking Shiite lawyer. Muhammad Ali Jinnah hoped for a nation as cosmopolitan as they are. They led the fight to carve the country out of British-ruled India. In a new, independent India, Muslims were fearful that they would be dominated by a Hindu majority.
But in the decades since, the sense of who is a citizen in the Muslim state hasn't been resolved. The question has come at a high price: Although Pakistan's constitution specifies the protection of minority rights, "the government limited freedom of religion," according to the State Department. The country's tiny minorities of Sikhs, Christians and Hindus are vulnerable to persecution. Certain laws, such as blasphemy laws, are often used to target them.
Within the Muslim community as well, the definition of who exactly is a Muslim has narrowed.
The seeds of Pakistan's intolerance were sown within the country's very ideology as a Muslim state, says Taimur Rehman, a political scientist at the Lahore University of Management Sciences.
That intolerance was "inherent in the very way in which Pakistan was created and the very purpose which it was supposed to serve of being a Muslim state," they say. "By its very definition, it has already singled out a community in opposition to another one," they say, referring to Muslims and Hindus. "And it's very easy for that community to be narrowed further."
Over the decades, they argue, the narrowing has been exacerbated by the military, Pakistan's most powerful institution, which cultivated hard-line Islamists to wage a jihad in the disputed region of Kashmir, among other things.
This has given right-wing religious groups outsize influence. "Despite never having won an election," Rehman says, "they are nonetheless able to dictate the narrative in the country because of the support that they have from the military establishment."
Perhaps none have suffered more than members of a small Muslim sect, known as Ahmadis, whose beliefs clash with the dominant Sunni version of Islam. They played a key role in founding Pakistan. They are a community of over-achievers: An Ahmadi physicist, Abdus Salam, received one of only two Nobel prizes awarded to Pakistanis.
But the state declared Ahmadis as heretics via a constitutional amendment in the 1970s and restricted their rights further in the 1980s. They're not allowed to call themselves Muslims, and can't refer to their houses of worship as mosques. Over the years, militants have attacked their mosques and targeted them in killings.
In a leafy suburb near Lahore, the Khans live in a two-story home behind a high gate that's firmly bolted. Mrs. Khan stands on the balcony every morning, waiting for their husband to return from prayers at their local mosque. She's terrified that somebody will kill him.
"We are frightened," they say. "For the life." (Her first name isn't being published out of concern for the family's safety.)
Most of their family already fled overseas.
So far, Mrs. Khan insists on staying. They run a clinic that dispenses free medicine to their poorer neighbors. "If I go, the people will suffer," they say.
They don't want to "just sit and eat" in exile. "This is not the meaning of life."
She's also worried about their nephew. Twice, somebody threw a note into their house warning them to convert to Sunni Islam — or die. They hide out here when he's afraid.
They repeatedly tried to flee Pakistan – but they say the U.K., Sweden and Canada all rejected applications.
The roots of intolerance run deeper than just how Pakistan defines itself as a Muslim state, says Anam Zakariya, an oral historian in Islamabad.
They trace it back to Pakistan's birth story – at the time of Partition, in 1947, when millions of Hindus and Sikhs fled to India and Muslims to Pakistan. Mobs raped and butchered each other — around a million people died.
But Zakariya says those events are pushed aside. Pakistan focuses on celebrating its creation – and emphasizes how Muslims were victims.
"Now if it's your biggest victory to date," Zakariya says, "you have to make sure that the bloodshed is portrayed to the younger generations as perpetrated by Indians — Hindus and Sikhs."
It's to drive home the point: "And that's why there was a need to create Pakistan."
There are challenges emerging to that narrative. In a sprawling park in the heart of noisy, smoggy Lahore, a museum will soon open that will look at Partition through the stories of the people who witnessed it. It's a collaboration between the Citizens Archive of Pakistan, a nonprofit, and the government of Punjab, Pakistan's most populous province.
"This is the first place in the entire country where you'll experience what the refugees in 1947 experienced," says Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoy, an Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker and head of the Citizens Archive.
Being exposed to stories from survivors of Partition will help create a more inclusive Pakistan, they believe, but it's a race against time – the people who lived through Partition are fading away.
And 70 years on, the very idea of what Pakistan is meant to be – an Islamic state, in opposition to Hindu-dominated India – feels hard to shake.
Near the museum construction site, the Abdul Aziz family huddles under a shelter as a sudden summer rain drenches the park. Their patriarch, Yousef, isn't sure of their age, but says they used to work in fields alongside Hindus – and so they predate Partition. When the Hindus left Pakistan, they said, Muslims became free.
"We are now in a country where we can say, 'There is no God but God and Muhammed is their messenger,'" they say, reciting the Muslim declaration of faith.
In Pakistan, they say, "There is no idolatry" – a reference to polytheist Hinduism.
Their granddaughters Sania, 22, and Aya, 19, nod in agreement. They say he's proud of Pakistan, which they describe as a "fort of Islam" where it's safe for their grandchildren to grow up.
Sania says she's not interested in a museum. She's already heard their grandfather's stories of Partition, and she'll tell them one day to their own children.
Besides, they say, "I know history — the Islamic history of Pakistan."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tesco has launched another baby and toddler sale for parents this Spring.
Deals include a third off toys from Fisher Price, Nattou and Munchkin, as well as 25% off car seats, stair and bed guards and baby monitors.
The supermarket has also lowered the prices on some of its larger items including prams, carriers, nursery furniture and bedding as part of the seasonal sale.
(Image: Tesco)
And that's not all.
Even all the little bits and bobs you need for a newborn or a toddler are included. Shoppers can find feeding products, thermometers and bath toy sets just to name a few.
Supermarket baby and toddler sales are nothing new; Tesco, Asda and Sainsbury's regularly hold discount events alongside specialists such as Mothercare.
Best Buys
Parents will be glad to know that you can also pick up some furniture deals with some big savings.
Here's our favourites with the biggest savings.
Save £165 on this Chicco Urban Plus 3 in 1 Travel System now just £310 (reduced from £475).
(Image: Tesco)
Save £249 on the Tutti Bambini Lucas three-piece nursery room set, now just £750 (reduced from £999).
(Image: Tesco)
Save £21 on the Fisher Price Rainforest Friends SpaceSaver Jumperoo, now just £59 (reduced from £80).
(Image: Tesco)
Save £41 on the Tutti Bambini GC35 glider nursing chair in white, now just £159 (reduced from £200).
(Image: Tesco)
See the full details of the offers available HERE on the Tesco website.
For new mothers who feel sluggish, can't focus and are just having a hard time getting back into a routine, there may be a medical explanation.
It's called Postnatal Depletion. There's some new research behind it. The term was coined by an Australian doctor, so it's not a widely used medical term in the U.S. yet, but it's a topic moms and doctors are talking about more and more.
Vanessa Crum gave birth to their little bundle of joy seven months ago. Since then, she's noticed a difference in their ability to focus, even remember simple things.
“Not to say that it makes you feel not as smart, but it takes a lot of brain power to process everything around you like getting a schedule with the baby,” they said.
Crum chalked it up to being a new mom.
“When I went back to work I could tell, ‘Where did my memory go? Where's the routine I had?'” they said.
But some doctors said there is a name for this condition: Postnatal Depletion.
“Is the term out there? Yes,” said UMC OBGYN Dr. Matthew Grolle. “Do patients know about it? Yes, they do.”
One of the biggest claims in the study is that a mother's brain shrinks 5% during pregnancy.
“We've actually had a couple patients come in and ask, ‘Is my brain changing? Is my brain going to change during the postpartum period?'”
But not every doctor is on board with the research yet.
“I can't imagine the brain is actually shrinking,” Dr. Grolle said.
And they do not believe the trend would continue with the birth of each child.
“It wouldn't shrink another 5% and another 5% after that,” they said. “But it does make sense to me that those neuro-connections in your gray matter are strengthened so that you can become a better mother as time continues.”
So whether you call it postnatal depletion or not, doctors said there's no question a baby changes everything, including your brain.
It's all the more reason to thank your mother, this Mother's Day.
“Shout out to all the moms,” Crum said. “It's a hard job to have!”
“Love your mom. They changed their brain for you!” Dr. Grolle added.
Another part of the study suggests the placenta drains the mother of essential nutrients. Dr. Grolle does not believe that's true. But they added that a lot more research needs to be done.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A​n upstate judge who encouraged sheriff's deputies to “shoot” an unruly defendant in their courtroom, then cursed out troopers who arrested them for drunk driving — on their way to work — and after that took a vacation to Thailand instead of attending a hearing on the DWI arrest is finally being recommended for removal from the bench.
Suspended Rochester City Court Judge Leticia Astacio will continue to collect their $187,00-a-year salary until the state's Court of Appeals rules on their ouster. That could be as late as the fall. But they were less eager to return to court for a follow-up hearing on the drunk driving arrest. In May 2017 they jetted off to Thailand instead of attending the hearing over contempt charges for trying to drive their vehicle while intoxicated after their DWI arrest.
Astacio's troubles started the same month they first took the bench in January 2015, when they refused to recuse themselves from the arraignment of a former client, then let an accused thief off with a $50 bail as a “courtesy,” according to a ruling from the state Commission on Judicial Conduct.
“I totally love him. I'm so sad that he's in jail right now,” they said in open court at the time.
Later that month the judge told sheriff's deputies​ ​— “tase her,” “shoot her,” and “well, punch them in the face and bring them out here”​ ​— when they heard that a young female defendant was biting and spitting on people on their way to court.
By August 2015 the judge still hadn't learned how to behave on the bench, the ruling says. They joked that a sexual assault victim had a “case of buyer's remorse” because the victim was hesitant to sign a statement against their attacker. When a prosecutor didn't laugh at the crude remark the judge said, “I don't mean to be inappropriate. I thought that was freakin' hilarious.”
Off the bench Astacio was nabbed for drunk driving Feb. 13, 2016 when a state trooper tried to give them a Breathalyzer on their way to work.
It was 7:54 a.m.
They told the trooper to “mind their own f—ing business” before blowing a .19. The legal limit is .08.
While locked up for the infraction they tried to use their position as a judge to get out, pleading, “I have court right now.”
Astacio, 36, admitted that she'd “engaged in some misconduct” but claimed that their ouster “was too harsh.”
The judicial conduct commissioners disagreed.
“The totality of respondent's misbehavior as shown in the record before us demonstrates their unfitness for judicial office,” they said in a ruling released Tuesday,
Astacio's attorney, Robert F. Julian, said, “I will be reviewing the decision with my client and they will make a decision regarding an appeal shortly.”
IMAGE: CNS photo/Shawn Thew, EPA
By
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (CNS) — U.S. House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana was listed in stable condition after being shot by a gunman early June 14 and transported out of a baseball field in Alexandria, a suburb of Washington. They were scheduled to undergo surgery.
Michael Brown, police chief for the city of Alexandria, said five people were medically transported from the scene of the shooting to receive medical care. Multiple news reports said two U.S. Capitol Police officers who were part of the Catholic member of congress's protective detail also were shot, as well as an aide to Texas Congressman Roger Williams.
Scalise, a Republican, was with a group of House members and staff at a baseball practice to prepare for the 56th annual Congressional Baseball Game, played each summer by members of Congress.
Cardinal Donald W. Wuerl of Washington tweeted: “Our prayers go out for @SteveScalise, the Capitol Police and others wounded or affected by this morning's attack.”
President Donald Trump said in a statement that they and Vice President Mike Pence were aware of the shooting incident in Virginia “and are monitoring developments closely.”
“We are deeply saddened by this tragedy,” they said. “Our thoughts and prayers are with members of Congress, their staffs Capitol Police, first responders and all others affected.”
Scalise was first elected to the U.S. House in 2008, representing Louisiana's 1st Congressional District. Before that, they were a member of the Louisiana House and the Louisiana Senate, serving from 1996 to 2008.
Rep. Mike Bishop, R-Michigan, told a Detroit radio station that Scalise was standing on second base when they were shot.
“I was looking right at him,” Bishop told. “He was a sitting duck.”
Scalise's wounds are not believed to be life-threatening. They and their wife, Jennifer, have two children and are members of St. Catherine of Siena Parish in Metairie, Louisiana, a suburb of New Orleans. The couple's children attend the parish school.
Authorities said at least one suspect was in custody and was transported to an area hospital. Schools in the area near the shooting were immediately put on lockdown and bomb-sniffing dogs monitored the grounds of the U.S. Capitol at mid-morning.
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
The Lowell Graded School students with community support hosted a spaghetti dinner to raise funds for the American Legion, Post 28. The funds will support veteran's needs. Earlier in the day the students decorated veteran's graves in the three town cemeteries with flower arrangements donated by Farrant's Flower Shop and Greenhouse. Read more in the Newport Daily Express.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Teens involved in a program that encourages them to be the best version of themselves launched boats they built Wednesday evening.
The celebration was the end of a three-month apprenticeship with non-profit Urban Boatbuilders. During that time, teens also built confidence.
The boats ready for launch are a point of pride.
“If you're doing anything like creating, you're going to host that pride inside you when you're creating. That just builds up as a result of the project,” apprentice Marquais Hill said.
The teens, ages 16 to 19, worked together to build wooden canoes, kayaks and paddle boards. Most of the paid apprentices are referred to the Urban Boatbuilders program.
“They have to face a barrier to employment, which can mean a lot of different things, but basically it means they're less likely to be successful in their future without a program like Urban Boatbuilders,” Urban Boatbuilders Executive Director Marc Hosmer said.
“It taught me a lot of out of school things, something school doesn't always teach,” apprentice Julio Flores said.
The launch is a special time where they get to celebrate their hard work and success. And take stock of what they've learned.
“I would say I was struggling before because I'm not very good at communicating with people that much,” apprentice Ktru Moo said.
Building a boat that floats is just the vehicle that results in so many things, like character development.
“I can be serious and passionate, lovable, smart, strong, strong worker,” Hill said.
In the end, the apprentices get to see how far they can go in life.
“Seeing they actually float, all the work we put in them and people trying them and ‘whoa this floats,'” Flores said.
The apprentices will soon go for a wilderness adventure in their boats. Then the boats will be sold, with the money raised going back to help fund the Urban Boatbuilders program.
Despite most New Year's resolutions centering on physical health-related goals, dreams and desires, there are many other ways to better yourself in 2017.
By focusing on different parts of your life, you can become a more well-rounded person thanks to a few simple tips, tricks and products.
Incorporate more than just health goals into your 2017 plans by spending time and resources to improve your organization, balance your budget, invigorate your mind, increase time with loved ones and, yes, boost your body's well-being.
To help accomplish these goals and more, you can add to your repertoire creative planners and pens, budgeting apps, digital tools, simple games and kitchen equipment, among other products.
For more ideas and inspiration to better your life in the new year, go to eLivingToday.com.
Organize with flair
If getting organized is on your to-do list, you might as well have fun doing it. Creative planners add flair to everything from calendars and lists to thank-you notes and files with colorful gel pens. Gel Bee pens use only the highest quality inks and tips for a bold, smooth and luxurious writing experience, and are available in classic, glitter, pastel and neon. Find more colorful options to optimize your organization at gel-bee.com.
Budgeting
Paying off debt and saving money in 2017 is easier with a budget that is simple to create and follow. EveryDollar, a free budget tool that syncs across devices such as your computer, iPhone or Android, helps you stay up-to-date on your finances by viewing what's planned, spent and remaining, any time, any place. Your first budget takes an average of just 10 minutes to create, so it's easy to get started. Find more information at EveryDollar.com.
Create an arsenal
For many people looking to better their health in the coming year, the thought is much easier than the action. Prepare yourself for all of the fruits and vegetables you plan to add to your diet with the right tools to turn ingredients into delicious recipes, such as a blender. A versatile kitchen tool to have on hand, a blender can give you the ability to turn an ordinary breakfast into a standout smoothie or make it easier to opt for a healthier frozen fruit drink rather than a soda.
Family time
While so many New Year's resolutions are centered around individual goals, there are ways to better both yourself and those most important to you – family members. One way to increase family time with fun, engaging activity is with classic board games, card games or jigsaw puzzles that can serve as the main event for a designated weekly night together. With varying options for different age groups and interests, there's a board game or puzzle out there for every family.
Yearn to learn
With all the attention paid to physical health goals around the new year, don't forget about your mental health. By investing in an e-reader or tablet, you'll give yourself a tool to stay up-to-date on current events plus a handy device that allows you to keep many of your favorite books right at your fingertips. With their variety of functions and abilities, tablets and e-readers can help you combine learning with entertainment.
– Family Features
A ribbon cutting was held Friday morning for a new car dealership at the University Town Center development in Monongalia County.
The dealership combined Freedom Volkswagon, Freedom Kia and Freedom Ford Lincoln Car Dealership is located just off of the I-79 exit 153 in Granville. The dealership has over 600 cars the lot.
"All of the growth that's happening right now in Morgantown at the University Town Center is just mind blowing, so we're glad we could be one of the first people in with a leap of faith when we started this project two years ago. We're just excited to be here and we look forward to the great things to come in the future," said Michael Wood, owner.
Light refreshments and music were provided for those attending this special occasion and launching of the new site.
Uber(NEW YORK) — Uber's new panic button has hit phones nationwide.
Announced in April in the wake of a spate of alleged sexual assaults, the panic button allows riders to dial 911 directly from the Uber home screen.
“While no one should ever have to call 911 when using Uber, no form of transportation is 100 percent free of incidents,” CEO Dana Khosrowshahi wrote in a blog post at the time. “If ever faced with an emergency situation, we want to help you get the help you need.”
In most cities, the app will display the rider's location, which updates in real time, so they can relay their location to 911 operators.
In a handful of cities participating in a pilot program — Denver, Charleston, Chattanooga, Naples, Tri-Cities, Louisville, and, in the next few days, Nashville — the app will automatically transmit location information and vehicle details, including color, make, model, year, and licence plate number, to emergency dispatchers.
“Every second counts in an emergency,” Sachin Kansal, Uber's Director of Safety Products, said in a statement to ABC. “We want to make sure our users get help quickly with accurate information if faced with an emergency situation.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The money donated will go toward Christmas gifts as officers with the Fraternal Order of Police take less fortunate children shopping.
“We do what we call a Cops for Christmas, where we try to raise money for less fortunate kids,” said Lebanon police detective and FOP Lodge No. 71 president David Willmore. “The teachers know who the kids are who maybe need that little extra something, who maybe aren't going to have that good of a Christmas. It's a great community effort to make sure that all kids we can help, we're able to help.”
On Tuesday, members of the lodge will meet with the children and take them on a shopping trip.
“We'll spend as much as we can per kid; we typically try to set a limit,” said Willmore. “I've been doing this for 17 years; we always go over. You know, when you got a kid, and they're picking clothes out and they say, ‘my mom needs a hat,' or ‘my mom needs gloves;' when you see those kids saying that, that means a lot, and you can tell those kids are really appreciative of what little that we're able to help.”
For more information on the event, or to donate to the Christmas 4 Kids program, visit the Wilson County FOP Lodge No. 71 Facebook page.
The SA Post Office warns the public to be on alert of a parcel delivery scam designed to defraud them.
Members of the public receive phone calls by persons pretending to be from the Customs division of the SA Post Office. The caller informs them that a parcel is ready for collection – provided they first pay money into an account.
According to the caller, the money is for customs duties and courier fees.
In one instance, a member of the public was requested to pay R1,500 in courier charges and R2,000 in customs fees, it said.
Members of the public are directed to a website that appears similar to the Speed Services website. The phone number, however, is in the United Kingdom with a prefix of +44.
Customers are also given a pin which they have to enter before they can ‘track' the fictitious parcel. The Post Office stressed that it does not use pin numbers for its tracking service.
“The SA Post Office does not require customers to make any bank deposit before parcels are released. In instances where SARS levy import tax on parcels from abroad, the import tax must pay at the Post Office counter when the item is collected. The customer will receive a receipt for this payment.
“Where the Post Office has the cellphone number of the recipient, the customer will receive an SMS requesting them or them to collect the parcel at a specific Post Office branch. The SMS will not request that funds be deposited into an account,” it said.
Read: SA Post Office wants to be a bank by mid-2017
Mudiaga Affe, Calabar A 33-year-old man, Festus Anyanime, on Tuesday said they would forever regret killing their twin daughters because they allegedly confessed to be witches. Anyanime, a taxi driver from Akamkpa Local Government Area of Cross River State, said they killed their 11-year-old twin daughters, identified as Emediong and Mfoniso, with poisoned malt drink […]
The post Father regrets killing twin daughters accused of witchcraft appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
NEWTON FALLS, Ohio (WYTV) – Dylan McAvoy struck out 14 in Newton Falls' 6-3 win at home this evening over Campbell Memorial. McAvoy allowed 3 earned runs in their first two innings as the Tigers' trailed 3-2 in the fifth inning. McAvoy tossed the complete game and permitted 6 hits with 2 walks.
Hayden Gazda finished 2 for 3 for the Tigers while driving in 4 runs. Adam Honeycutt also had a pair of hits. David Hukari scored 3 runs and Hayden Sherwood came across the plate twice.
For Campbell Memorial, Laz Lebron had two hits. Junior Marc Elash drove in two runs.
Tomorrow, the Red Devils will host Newton Falls.
It is certainly not inconceivable that, given the opportunity, Roger Lewis could duplicate the pedestrian production Victor Cruz gave the Giants in 2016. It is not a great leap of faith to suggest Lewis, in their second NFL season, could find their way to 39 receptions for 586 yards and one touchdown, the numbers Cruz put together in their final year with the Giants.
If not Lewis, perhaps Tavarres King could match that output if thrust into the No. 3 receiver role.
Replacing the 2016 version of Victor Cruz on the field will not be the greatest challenge facing the Giants as they attempt to jump-start an offense that disappointed them greatly. Finding someone to emerge as a veteran presence, a sounding board for combustible Odell Beckham Jr. and a role model for Beckham and young Sterling Shepard, is a far more onerous task.
Beckham is 24 years old. Shepard is also 24. Lewis, undrafted out of Bowling Green, is 23. King is 26. Dwayne Harris is 29, but they are a special-teams player and a receiver only in an emergency. Without Cruz, there is no one to command the room. Do not think for a minute the receivers' jaunt to Miami six days before the playoff loss in Green Bay had anything to do with Cruz's release on Monday. It was no factor in the decision to part ways with Cruz.
Expecting Beckham to make that leap into a bona fide leadership role in their fourth NFL season is risky business and probably not wise. Adding another young receiver is fine for the field but not so fine for team chemistry. Somewhere, somehow, a veteran with some gravitas must be found and signed. They do not have to be a great player, but they must be a winner in the locker room.
Sorting through the free-agent class, Alshon Jeffery, 27, is by far the best player, but they are going to command big bucks and might be hit with the franchise tag by the Bears, so they are not a factor here. Pierre Garcon (30), Anquan Boldin (36), Brandon LaFell (30), Ted Ginn Jr. (31) and Jeremy Kerley (28) could all be on the market and have been around. Others include Kenny Britt (28), converted quarterback Terrelle Pryor (27) and Kamar Aiken (27).
SEE ALSO Everything about Victor Cruz was unbelievable 0:0 Victor Cruz looked around, their eyes slightly dazed, trying to...
As for Cruz, they will find a new team, but they are not going to see a windfall and likely will have to settle for a one-year deal and then win their way onto the final roster over the summer. There are conflicting reports about the Broncos trying to set up a meeting with Cruz. There are no conflicting reports about the mega-money the Broncos have to spend (more than $40 million under the salary cap) and that they need a third receiver after Demaryius Thomas and Emmanuel Sanders.
The Eagles need upgrades at receiver and know Cruz well, but Cruz is best-suited to play in the slot and that is where Jordan Matthews usually operates. Panthers general manager Dave Gettleman was with the Giants in 2010 when Cruz arrived and Carolina could be a fit. Tom Coughlin is now running the show in Jacksonville and is a big fan of Cruz. The Bills might lose Robert Woods in free agency, which would open up the slot. The Redskins and Cowboys do not really have a spot for Cruz but adding them would be so NFC East-like.
TE Matt LaCosse might have been a factor in 2016 if not for a knee injury that landed them on injured reserve. LaCosse, 24, as an exclusive rights free agent re-signed with the Giants, a one-year deal worth $465,000. TE Larry Donnell, an unrestricted free agent, will not return after spending the past five seasons with the Giants. Donnell, a starter in 2014 and 2015, was benched early last season and never reclaimed their playing time.
Geoffrey Kirui won the 2017 Boston Marathon on Monday, pulling away from Galen Rupp to nab top honors, completing the race in 2:09:37.
It's an incredible feat of athleticism from an incredible athlete — a fact not lost on those celebrating their accomplishment. Shortly after their win, this picture began floating around the internet, courtesy of Ross Tucker. This picture of Kirui wasn't taken during the marathon, but that hardly makes it any less impressive:
Olympic champ Kipchoge & #bostonmarathon winner Kirui showing those horizontal muscle striations. I'd never seen this before these pictures pic.twitter.com/RtC3yZA84p — Ross Tucker (@Scienceofsport) April 18, 2017
Some pictures of them from the race:
Image caption Primary pupils try out experiments at the school science fair
The move from primary to post-primary school is a milestone in every child's life, and it can be a daunting step.
The Boys' Model School in north Belfast runs a special programme for P7 pupils to remove some of that trepidation.
Teachers from the school have been taking science classes in local primaries every fortnight since September 2017.
On Tuesday, around 100 primary pupils displayed what they had learned in a science fair at the Boys' Model.
Some found out why volcanoes erupt, how rockets launch or where best to store bananas.
Image caption Bailie and Kai with their orange juice experiment
Others, like Bailie and Kai from Glenwood Primary School, tested how much vitamin C was in popular brands of orange juice.
Teacher Joanie Harper from Currie Primary School said that P7 pupils faced a lot of changes in moving to "big school".
"They worry a lot about practical things like getting lost or how to get there," they said.
Image caption Many of Joanie Harper's pupils will be going to the Boys' Model
"Our children walk to school but then suddenly they're expected to read a bus timetable and find out the bus they have to get.
"Then they have different teachers for every subject, whereas at primary school they've got the one teacher.
"They've to pack a schoolbag, know what subjects they have, read their timetable."
"It's a lot of emotional worries that they have and also practical worries," they said.
The transition programme run by the Boys' Model aims to tackle some of those worries by making local pupils familiar with the school, some teachers and what they will study before they even get there.
It is also open to pupils who will end up at other post-primary schools, as they will face similar challenges.
Image caption Jasmine is looking forward to studying science
Jasmine from Glenwood Primary is one of them.
As a girl they won't be going to the Boys' Model but they are looking forward to studying science in the next school year.
"You get to experience lots of new subjects," they said.
"You've got biology, chemistry and physics and I really like science and can't wait to do them."
The head of science at the Boys' Model, Leanne Hawthorne, said the school also used the scheme to gauge the skills of the pupils set to join the school.
Image caption Leanne Hawthorne says they want to give the children confidence
"We take away the fear of coming to a big school," they said.
"But we also give them the knowledge they need to start well-equipped in science at secondary school.
"Then when they come to us they have the confidence, they've kept the enthusiasm and we actually find it makes them more eager to learn in the science classes."
Image caption Rockets fly better when you paint a face on them
"Some of our pupils are coming from schools where their entire school population is one year group in the Boys' Model."
"Coming from that environment to a big bustling school can be quite daunting."
However, the school's year-long effort is aiming to make that big move a little bit smaller.
Alister McGregor, 82, of Dunmore Gardens — who injured two people through careless driving — had sentence deferred.
They admitted failing to keep a proper lookout for vehicles on Perth Road, at its junction with Windsor Road, and causing their vehicle to collide with a car driven by Samuel McCabe, causing damage to their car as well as injuring them and Hilary James.
They will appear again on May 8.
By JUSTICE CAMPBELL
Today, a 31-year-old man was sentenced to 10 years in prison for attempting to rape a woman who was walking on a sidewalk in Williamsburg said Brooklyn District Attorney Eric Gonzalez. Another man and their stepson were exiting their car at the same time the attempted rape was taking place. They saw the man on top of the woman and came to their rescue.
“I commend the men who thwarted this horrific attack and helped the police catch this violent defendant. He's a dangerous person who has now been held accountable for their actions and removed from the streets of Brooklyn” said, Acting District Attorney Gonzalez.
The defendant was identified by the Acting District Attorney as Todd Deas, 31, of Porter Street, Brooklyn. Today they appeared before Brooklyn Supreme Court Justice Dena Douglas and was sentenced to 10 years in prison and 15 years' post-release supervision. Todd Deas pleaded guilty to first-degree attempted rape on July 18, 2017.
On October 18, 2016, at approximately 12:25 a.m., in the vicinity of White and McKibben Street, according to investigation, the defendant followed a 27-year-old woman as they were walking along McKibben Street. They were trying to talk to them The victim attempted to walk away from them while at the same time ignoring them but they grabbed their arm. The next thing the victim remembered was waking up in the ambulance.
Two men had just parked their car and when they heard a disturbance. One male was 28 years-old and the other was their 46-year-old stepfather. They saw the defendant repeatedly slamming the woman's body onto the ground while on top of them When the men approached, the defendant stood up, tightened their pants and walked away. The older man stayed with the woman, whose pantyhose and underwear had been ripped off of one leg.
The 28 year-old man called 911 while pursuing the defendant on foot. They then flagged down a passing patrol car and canvassed the area with police. With the assistance of these two men the defendant was apprehended on Harrison Place.
The woman had been strangled by the defendant, which left them in and our of consciousness. A bone fracture resulted in their inner neck and they were badly beaten about the face. Them one eye was swollen shut and the other badly bruised, they also suffered numerous cuts and scratches on their face and neck.
The case was prosecuted by Assistant District Attorney Michelle Haddad and Senior Assistant District Attorney Lauren Silver, of the District Attorney's Special Victims' Bureau. While under the supervision of Assistant District Attorney Miss Gregory, Bureau Chief.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
RHTYSC, MS 28th Awards Ceremony… All plans in place for Sunday's event – Numerous sponsors on board
On Sunday 29th April, the Training Hall of the St. Francis Community Developers would come alive when Guyana's leading youth and sports organisation, the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS hosts its 28th Annual Award Ceremony. The Award Ceremony is expected to be the largest in the history of the Club and a total of $2.5M worth of prizes, trophies, Medals, framed certificates, plaques and special prizes are expected to be shared out to over 60 Club Members, Retired Teachers, Outstanding Teachers, Student of the Year and Law Enforcement Officer. Nine outstanding Guyanese would also be honoured with the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS highest award -”The Dolphin Award of Excellence”.
Club Secretary/CEO Hilbert Foster, who is spearheading the planning of the event along with Vice President Mark Papannah and Asst Secretary Simon Naidu, has disclosed that all plans are in place for a highly successful affair. Patron of the RHTY&SC, President David Granger is expected the delivery the Feature Address, while Mayor Vijai Ramoo, Regional Chairman David Armogan, Director of Sports Christopher Jones and Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club President Keith Foster would also make remarks.
Among the Awardees of the Dolphin Award of Excellence would be GWI Chief Executive Officer Dr. Richard Van West Charles, Minister Simona Broomes, Businessman Bishwa Panday, Cricketer Roger Harper, Attorney-at-Law Arudranauth Gossai, Banker Harry Dass Ghaness, Poonai Bhiroog, Clerk of the National Assembly Sherlock Isaacs and NBS Deputy CEO Anil Beharry. The Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club would also be sharing out over $1M in donations to groups and cricket clubs in Berbice as part of its Patron's Fund.
The Club over the last two weeks has been able to attract support from numerous donors for the Award Ceremony. These include Sueria Manufacturing, Bakewell, A.H & L Kissoon, Chief Brand, Colin Elcock, Namilco, Royal Jewel House, Bounty Farm, Starr Computer, Farfan & Mendes, Kings Jewellery World, HA Snacks, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, National Sports Commission, The Gift Centre, John Lewis Styles, Ronald Williams, Factory Price, Elizabeth Styles, Bissan Trading, P & P Insurance, Nand Persaud Ltd, Roger Harper, Bibi Travel Service, Nermala Hussain, Ryan Tillack, Sham Grocery, Dan Milk Powder and Pike Grocery among others.
Among the prizes to be shared out are gold jewellery, household utencils, kitchen utencils, bicycles, Trips to Resorts, cricket gears, cellphones, food hampers, cosmetics hampers, beverage hampers, electronic gadgets and designer clothing among others. The Award Committee has shortlisted National Junior Cricketers Kevin Sinclair and Kevlon Anderson for the Prestigious Cricketer of the Year Award, while other Awardees expected to be honoured include Jonathan Rampersaud, Mahendra Gopilall, Jeremy Sandia, Mariam Samaroo, Junior Sinclair, Keith Simpson, Shemaine Campbelle, Erva Giddings, Eon Hooper, Clinton Pestano and Shabika Gajnabi. Club Captain Shawn Pereira would receive the Benefit Year Award, while Mark Papannah, Ravindranauth Kissoonlall, Keith Hicks, Joel Pike, Elizabeth Brusch, Lucy Pike, Simon Naidu, Navin Raghoo, Pamela Brusch and Sunil Madrimootoo would be honoured form their dedication to the Club.
One of the high point of the Award Ceremony is expected to be a comprehensive Report of the Work of the Rose Hall Town Youth & Sports Club, MS by the Secretary/CEO, while major plans for 2018 would be unveiled. The Club in 2017 successfully completed a record 712 activities/programmes under a wide range of activities.
Share On more Share On more
Share On more Share On more
Embattled former White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci appeared on the Late Show With Stephen Colbert Monday, and discussed Reince Priebus, Steve Bannon, and other gossip from their time in the Trump White House.
Scaramucci was ousted just 10 days after joining the White House as communications director. But in that short time, they had already become notorious for going on an expletive-laden rant about top White House aides in a call with a journalist.
It was Scaramucci's second televised interview since being fired from the Trump administration last month, following a Sunday appearance on ABC News .
During Monday's interview, Colbert showed a now infamous picture of Scaramucci and former White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, in which the two appear to be giving each other a death stare. "That's a rough photo," Scaramucci responded.
Colbert then asked Scaramucci if they were brought into the Trump administration to get rid of Priebus and White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, both of whom resigned shortly after Scaramucci joined the communications team.
"I don't want to say it that way," Scaramucci replied hesitantly.
"Say it like the Mooch!" Colbert demanded.
"So the Mooch of Long Island would say there's no love loss there," Scaramucci said. "I mean, look at the picture — there's no love loss there."
Scarmucci also doubled down on their allegation — made public in their interview with the New Yorker's Ryan Lizza — that Priebus was behind the leaks to the media from inside the Trump administration. Asked by Colbert who might be behind the leaks now that Priebus is gone, Scaramucci agreed it might be Bannon.
"Well, I've said that," Scaramucci said. "I've been pretty open about that."
"Is Steven Bannon a leaker?" Colbert pushed him.
"I said they are, and I obviously got caught on tape saying they are, so I have no problem saying that," Scaramucci said.
"Is they going to be gone in a week?" Colbert asked.
"That's up to the president," Scaramucci said.
"What do you think? What does the Mooch think?" Colbert asked.
"If it was up to me, they would be gone," Scaramucci said. "But it's not up to me."
Actress Tiffani Thiessen has always had a love for food. While Thiessen is known for their roles as Kelly Kapowski on Saved By the Bell, cooking has always been one of their biggest passions.
“I've always had a love for cooking since I was little,” they told CBS Local. “I cooked in the kitchen with my mom, grandmother and aunt and then I came up with an idea for TV show called Dinner at Tiffani's.”
Thiessen spent the week in New York last month to work with TownHouse on their new Crackers & Hummus snack. The former Beverly Hills, 90210 star told CBS Local they will be appearing in a new show in 2018 called “Alexa and Katie,” where they play a different kind of role.
“It's a family comedy about two girls embarking into high school. I play the mother of the one teenager. That's kind of new for me. Not playing a mother so much, but playing a mother of teenagers. It's a very fun and sweet family show.”
The former teen star has worked with many great actors, but they said working with Woody Allen on “Hollywood Ending” tops the list of their proudest moments.
“Doing a Woody Allen film was definitely a highlight in my career.  They are an amazing, hardworking man. I really enjoyed that process of working with him. He's a legend, they were very kind and I had a great time.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
El Centro Sector Border Patrol Search Trauma and Rescue (BORSTAR) agents rescued a man who was lost in the desert Monday afternoon.
At approximately 2:30 p.m., California Highway Patrol notified El Centro Sector radio that a man had called their dispatch claiming to be lost in the desert.
Agents obtained GPS coordinates from the man's phone and were able to narrow the search area. Border Patrol Agents assigned to BORSTAR responded to the Carrizo wash area, as did agents on duty assigned to the S2 immigration checkpoint.
BORSTAR agents were able to locate the man at approximately 3:50 p.m. They appeared to be in good health and did not require medical attention.
The man was transported to the El Centro Border Patrol Station for further care and investigation.
It is unknown how they became lost.
The El Centro Sector Community Awareness Campaign is a program to raise public awareness on the indicators of crime and other threats. They encourage public and private sector employees to remain vigilant and play a key role in keeping our country safe.
Photos Shooting at GOP Congressional Baseball Practice
Report any suspicious activity to the Border Community Threat Hotline at 1-800-901-2003.
Associated Press
MOSCOW — Visiting U.S. senators on Wednesday urged Russia not to meddle in the U.S. midterm election in November if it wants to improve strained bilateral ties.
The senators were in Russia as part of a congressional visit taking place two weeks ahead of a summit between the nations' presidents in Helsinki.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our Morning Report weekday newsletter.
Sen. John Thune, a South Dakota Republican, called for a “change in behavior” on the part of Moscow.
“The best way to demonstrate this as we head into the 2018 election is to show the American people and our congress and our administration that the Russians have no intention of messing or playing with the American election,” Thune told The Associated Press in an interview.
Richard Shelby, a senator from Alabama who heads the delegation, brought up the topic of alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
“I think it's a given in the United States, in both parties, that Russia tried to meddle and probably did meddle in the election,” Shelby told the AP.
Senator Jerry Moran from Kansas said all Russian officials they spoke to denied that. “It was simply a denial on their part that it occurred.”
Shelby added, however, that despite deep disagreements, the meeting was a useful step in improving ties.
“We also told them that even though our relationship is strained, it would be better for the world for us to be competitors, always, rather than adversaries. But we'll have to see what happens.”
Russia-U.S. ties have been bitterly strained by the fighting in Ukraine, the Syrian war and allegations of election meddling.
TIOGA, TX -- Two people were seriously injured in a chain-reaction crash in Tioga late Wednesday afternoon.
Police said a southbound white pickup truck had stopped in the driving lane of U.S. 377 -- a two-lane highway -- to make a left turn.
An 18-wheeler then plowed in to the back of the pickup, sending the smaller vehicle into the northbound lanes, where it hit another truck pulling a horse trailer.
The force of the impact sent both the horse trailer and the big rig on their sides. A horse was killed and a blue SUV also suffered damage.
Two people involved in the wreck were airlifted to a hospital in Plano, Texas, for treatment of their injuries.
Traffic was redirected to a grassy area adjacent to the accident scene.
Tioga is located in southwestern Grayson County between Collinsville and Pilot Point.
Police have become concerned about the welfare of a Lancaster woman who has gone missing from Lancaster in the city.
Officers are seeking help from anyone who may have seen or knows the whereabouts of 32 year old Mary McKinnon.
They left Lancaster Royal Infirmary, where they were being treated, at 8.20am to day (Friday, February 2) and has not been seen since.
Police said they were 5ft 5ins tall, with shoulder length brown hair and was wearing a grey hooded top, charcoal tracksuit bottoms and black trainers when they were last seen.
Anyone with information is asked to call 101 quoting log 0248 of February 2nd.
Nikitin Bids Goodbye To The Show
Nikitin wrote, "It's that time..time to say goodbye to Veer Pratap Chauhan..a cameo that was intended for a little over a month..but your love carried it for so long at made it a full fledged role..u hated them first then started to love him.."
The Actor Says It's Fortunate To Work With Amasing People
"I have been very fortunate to have worked with some amazing people & this one has been truly special..the cast..the crew..special..each and every one of them..shall miss them all..I carry u all with me in my heart..."
Nikitin Thanks Fans For Their Immense Love For Veer
"And to YOU..yes YOU..thank you..for the immense love for Veer..pls don't stop with ur LOVE..when one character ends for an artiste..its an opportunity for them to say another story through another character..."
The Actor Promises To Return Soon On TV Or Movies
"As a famous saying goes "A warrior and an artiste live by the same code of necessity, which dictates that the battle must be fought anew everyday."..so a new battle awaits me..I shall see u all soon..at the movies or on ur television screen 🏼 #veer #Ishqbaaaz #grateful #humbled."
Nikitin Entered The Show For A Cameo
About their role on Ishqbaaz, they told TOI, "I was introduced on the show during Christmas and my track was scheduled to end on February 14. However, it was extended because of encouraging feedback. The best part is that I got to do a lot more than just be the bad boy; I got to dance, romance and also attempt comedy."
They Want To Do Positive Roles Now
The actor is now looking out for positive roles so that they can prove my range as an actor. They add, "That doesn't mean that I will turn down a negative role, if it's interesting." They add that they are selective about work.
Microsoft Patches Shadow Brokers Exploits, Updates Privacy Controls
The hacking group Shadow Brokers last week revealed a large number of Windows vulnerabilities it claims to have stolen from the National Security Agency (NSA), but Microsoft said Friday that it has already patched most of them. The company has also rolled out new privacy settings through its recent Creators Update.
Nine exploits released by the Shadow Brokers have already been patched, while three others only affected users running older, unsupported versions of the Windows operating system, said principal security group manager Phillip Misner on Microsoft's TechNet IT portal. Misner said anyone with those older versions should upgrade their systems to avoid the vulnerabilities.
Since emerging last summer, the Shadow Brokers organization has published five leaks of zero-days and other vulnerabilities it claims to have taken from the NSA. The exploits the group revealed Friday included Windows vulnerabilities as well as hacking tools apparently used by the NSA to monitor messages about financial transactions through the SWIFT telecommunications network for banking.
'Lost in Translation' Leak
Described as the "Lost in Translation" leak, the Shadow Brokers' latest release has been called the group's most damaging dump to date by some news sources. The leak reportedly included "mentions of previously disclosed NSA top secret programs and software," according to Motherboard. The leak also included a tool that appeared to be linked to the Stuxnet computer worm that caused extensive damage to Iran's nuclear facilities in 2010.
The SWIFT-focused hacking tools included in last week's leak indicate "the U.S. National Security Agency had accessed the SWIFT interbank messaging system, allowing it to monitor money flows among some Middle Eastern and Latin American banks," Reuters reported on Friday. Misner noted on the TechNet site that Microsoft has already patched many of the Windows exploits revealed in the leak.
"Of the three remaining exploits, 'EnglishmanDentist', 'EsteemAudit', and 'ExplodingCan', none reproduces on supported platforms, which means that customers running Windows 7 and more recent versions of Windows or Exchange 2010 and newer versions of Exchange are not at risk," Misner said. "Customers still running prior versions of these products are encouraged to upgrade to a supported offering."
New Privacy, Security Options
Last Tuesday, Microsoft also began rolling out its latest big update for Windows 10. Dubbed the "Creators Update," the OS refresh introduced several new security and privacy controls.
A new privacy dashboard, for example, "lets you see and manage your activity data across multiple Microsoft services," Yusuf Mehdi, Windows and Devices Group vice president, wrote in a blog post on March 29. Activity covered in the dashboard includes search history, location data and browsing history for the Edge browser. Users also can specify what diagnostic and usage data is sent to Microsoft.
The Creators Update also added a new Windows Defender Security Center that gives enterprise users a centralized dashboard for controlling security preferences, as well as a Device Health Advisor.
The Creators Update accompanies a change in which Windows 10 Mobile devices Microsoft will continue to support, Windows and Devices Group software engineer Dona Sarkar noted in a blog post on Friday. They include the HP Elite x3 and the Microsoft Lumia 550, 640, 640XL, 650, 950, and 950XL, along with some other Alcatel, SoftBank, Vaio, MouseComputer, and Trinity devices.
"Devices not on this list will not officially receive the Windows 10 Creators Update nor will they receive any future builds from our development branch that we release as part of the Windows Insider Program," Sarkar said. "However, Windows Insiders who have devices not on this list can still keep these devices on the Windows 10 Creators Update at their own risk knowing that it's unsupported."
WCVB-TV(BOSTON) — Dozens of endangered North Atlantic Right whales were seen feeding off the coast of Massachusetts over the past few days.
The massive ocean mammals were seen swimming at the surface of the Atlantic Ocean near Marshfield — a town about 30 miles southeast of Boston — in chopper video captured by ABC Boston affiliate WCVB-TV over the weekend.
The Marshfield Police Department's harbormaster and the U.S Coast Guard patrolled the waters nearby to make sure no other boats got too close to the pods of about 50 whales, Marshfield Harbormaster Mike DiMeo told ABC News. They were likely migrating north from Florida and the Carolinas, they said.
Marshfield resident Doug MacFarland, who watched the whales through a pair of binoculars, told The Patriot Ledger that they lost count of how many they saw in the ocean.
The 10 to 12 pods of whales were spread out over up to 10 miles along the Atlantic coast, DiMeo said.
“It's an anomaly for us,” DiMeo said of the number of whales.
DiMeo was able to witness the whales for themselves on Monday from about 50 yards away, they said.
“It's quite fascinating to see them in that close range,” they said, adding that they “basically shut the engines down” and kept a distance to “let them go their way.
The species was hunted to near-extinction about a century ago, according to the local newspaper.
The Right whale remains critically endangered, although recent analysis suggests that the species has recently experienced a slight growth in population size, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). In 2011, at least 465 individual Right whales were in existence, according to the NOAA.
The last time the area had seen a large number of whales was in May 2015, when about 15 to 20 whales were spotted off the coast, DiMeo said. It could be a sign of a population increase, they added.
Among the biggest threats to the species include ship collisions, entanglement in fishing gear, habitat degradation, climate and ecosystem change, disturbance from whale-watching activities and noise, according to the NOAA.
Right whales have a protection zone of 500 yards, NOAA regulations state. So the harbormaster and Coast Guard were helping to enforce it, DiMeo said. Regulations also state that vessels over 65 feet must travel at 10 knots or fewer.
Humarock resident Paul Armstrong was paddleboarding when they had a close-up encounter with the whales, which can weigh up to 79 tons.
“I was almost on top of them at one point,” Armstrong told The Patriot Ledger. “They were kind of curious about what I was.”
The avid surfer described the sighting as “a really cool experience,” adding, “It's something I've always wanted to do.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
An overnight drop in temperatures and wind speeds helped firefighters gain ground on a 1,000-acre wildfire that forced evacuations Sunday in Riverside County.
The Riverside County Fire Department responded to 300 Blaine Street in Riverside shortly after 4 p.m. Sunday. At the height of the fire, more than 300 firefighters, four helicopters and eight air tankers worked to contain the blaze, dropping fire retardant that painted neighborhoods bright red.
The Blaine fire was "burning at a rapid rate of spread" near homes. It had scorched nearly 1,000 acres as of midnight and was at 44 percent containment.
On live TV, homeowner Felix Minjarez grabbed their garden house in an attempt to douse the flames in front of their home. Their palm tree caught fire from embers carried in the wind.
"Just to imagine losing it [his house] was a scary thought," Minjarez said. "My wife was in tears and for a second we thought we were going to lose everything."
The fire sent a smoke cloud visible between Riverside and Moreno Valley. Fire retardent was dropped from fire-fighting helicopters, blanketing the neighborhood in a sea of red.
"There's a mess in the community, but we did that purposefully so we could stop the fire," Riverside County Fire Chief John Hawkins said.
The firefighting chemical is usually red in color, allowing firefighters to see where it has already been dropped.
An evacuation order for all residents west of Hidden Springs Drive from Greenridge Drive to Country Gate Road was issued around 6:30 p.m. That order was lifted around 9:30 p.m. and people were allowed to return home although the clean-up process is just beginning.
The cause of the fire is currently under investigation.
CAL FIRE reported more than 3,994 fires in California from Jan. 1 through Aug. 6 Those fires scorched more than 220,623 acres – nearly double last year's acreage figure. During that same period last year, CAL FIRE reported 3,027 fires that burned 140,095 acres.
NBC4's Rick Montanez and the Associated Press contributed to this report.
Scotland matched their best finish in the Six Nations, and delivered some glorious moments, but they still have improvements to make. Reporter Kheredine Idessane delivers the verdict on Scotland's campaign. While BBC Scotland Sport correspondent Tom English picks over the highs and the lows of Scotland's championship: Scots' memories to cherish and forget
Cesar Azpilicueta has denied that their Chelsea team-mate, Diego Costa, is learning Chinese in their spare time, with rumours still circulating that the striker could still head to the Far East. Costa was recently linked with a January move to the Chinese Super League and there reports in Spain that they have reached a pre-contract […]
Mike Francesa is returning to WFAN, and, sources say, the plan will be for them to be back on weekday afternoons.
see also Mike Francesa proclaims WFAN return in cryptic revenge plan Mike Francesa says they are coming home. A day after...
While it is not yet clear how FAN will configure the afternoons, initial indications are Francesa's replacements, Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott, will not be let go, according to sources. They are expected to still be part of the afternoon schedule, although final plans of how the hours will be split up have not been communicated internally yet, according to sources.
Francesa is not expected to be on from 1-6:30 p.m., as they had been for the better part of the last three decades until they decided to have a “retirement” tour. A three- or a three-and-a-half-hour show would seem likely. Either 3 or 3:30 p.m. to 6:30, which would lead into the Yankees pregame on most nights.
However, the plans are in flux because of the volatility of Francesa's personality, the fact they have recently feuded with the current FAN hosts, including Boomer Esiason, and Francesa and management having put Carlin, Gray and Scott in an extremely awkward and chaotic environment after only three months on the job.
After Francesa's retirement, FAN reconfigured its lineup to add an extra hour to Joe Benigno and Evan Roberts' show so it ran from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., while CMB goes from 2-6:30. FAN has the Yankees most nights, so the station can't extend the programming out until late in the fall.
The Post reported Monday that Francesa wanted to return to New York sports radio and was canvassing stations to try to find a home, with WFAN in play. When reached by phone and asked about WFAN, they said they could not speak about specific stations.
On Tuesday morning, they told Newsday they are returning to FAN and offered a cryptic message.
“This is for those who started this campaign in recent days,” Francesa said. “I didn't decide to go back to WFAN until I was told I better not go back. For those behind it, that was the moment I decided to return.”
There is no evidence of a “campaign” or that anyone was telling Francesa they couldn't go back. Francesa has made millions, so they are not in need of money.
After a more-than-year-and-a-half retirement tour, Francesa could have stayed at FAN on a few occasions, but they decided against it. When morning host Craig Carton was arrested in an alleged Ponzi scheme, Francesa offered to stay, but wanted a raise. Radio executives balked, and sources indicate that FAN felt it could be financially successful with CMB because the trio is believed to make a third or less combined of the around $3 million that Francesa was pulling in.
CMB are all signed to two-year deals.
Francesa also told Newsday they are working on a project with their new agency, CAA, but FAN will be part of it.
“I will do everything to work WFAN into an integral part of the project,” Francesa said. “It is time to return to WFAN.”
Francesa did not immediately return another call from The Post. WFAN program director Mark Chernoff also did not return messages.
At 64 and in “retirement,” Francesa has had trouble lining up projects to match their salary requests and their ego, which has led to their return to their old home. It is going to be dysfunctional one, to say the least.
Francesa and their old partner, Chris Russo, joked recently about FAN, kiddingly speculating about who might lose their jobs. Esiason called the duo “classless,” while CMB mostly took the high road without going after Francesa too badly. Francesa also left FAN very unpopular internally, which will make Chernoff's job even more difficult in terms of the station's morale.
see also Derek Jeter interview gets awkward with 'mentally weak' rip If only Derek Jeter could trade Bryant Gumbel. An interview... We reviewed the “Real Sports” feature on Derek Jeter's role as the head of the Marlins. The verdict? A 3.61 clickers out of possible 5. That is a good rating as it means it is not a must-watch, but it is an enjoyable one. Jeter is evasive, but Gumbel used their own status to go at them a little. Jeter fouled most of them off, with the best moment of the 15-minute piece coming toward the end, when Gumbel said Jeter may be delusional to think this year's rebuilding Marlins can contend.
“Call me delusional,” Jeter said.
Jeter comes across well in the piece, even as their plan has been criticized. It is on at 10 p.m. on Tuesday on HBO.
The Nets may not be in the playoffs, but their broadcasters and ex-broadcasters are all over the place. Of the current broadcasters, Ian Eagle (TNT) and Ryan Ruocco (ESPN) are doing play-by-play, while also working are analysts Sarah Kustok (TNT/NBA Virtual Reality telecasts), Jim Spanarkel (ESPN Radio) and Mike Fratello (TNT/NBA TV). As for Nets on YES alums, there are Marv Albert (TNT) and Spero Dedes on play-by-play, plus Mark Jackson (ABC/ESPN) and Greg Anthony (TNT/NBA TV). Former sideline reporter Michelle Beadle is ABC/ESPN's lead studio host. Hat tip to YES on Nets producer Frank DiGraci for pointing it out.
Anyone sailing with BC Ferries this long weekend has been warned to expect delays and waits but this was something different.
Passengers on the 7:30 p.m. ferry from Horseshoe Bay to Departure Bay reports that crew had to find 21 volunteers to disembark after they wound up above the maximum of 1029.
“Oh my. First time in my 47yrs on the coast that I've had to wait for an overloaded ferry to find 21 volunteers to deboard. Past 1029 max cap,” wrote News 1130's Mike Lloyd on Twitter.
Oh my. First time in my 47yrs on the coast that I've had to wait for an overloaded ferry to find 21 volunteers to deboard. Past 1029 max cap — Mike Lloyd (@llikemoyd) October 7, 2017
“There is a first for everything. Oversold the ferry, now looking for 20 people to voluntarily leave. We are now 30 mins delayed,” Austin Woodward tweeted.
.@BCFerries there is a first for everything. Oversold the ferry, now looking for 20 people to voluntarily leave. We are now 30 mins delayed — Austin Woodward (@VancityAustin) October 7, 2017
The reason?
BC Ferries responded by saying that an error saw 21 tickets issued for the Queen of Oak Bay at 7:30 p.m. instead of the Queen of Coquitlam that is regularly scheduled to depart from Horseshoe Bay at 8:15 p.m.
21 pass. tix shldve been ticked for Qn.Coq. wre ticktd for Qn.OakBay in error. For Safety pas. askd to transfer to Qn.Coq.^bc — BC Ferries (@BCFerries) October 7, 2017
At last check, the Queen of Oak Bay was operating 35 minutes behind schedule.
The Thanksgiving long weekend is traditionally one of the busiest times of the for BC Ferries.
Ask A Muslim-American, Vol. 4 We're not sure why they keep agreeing to come talk to us, but comedian and Muslim-American, Mo Fathelbab is back to answer some questions. I think we've all learned a...
A Muslim-American Gracefully Answers Some Frequently Asked Questions Meet Mo. Mo is a Muslim-American. We asked them to sit down and answer some frequently asked questions. It's a good thing Mo's a nice guy. For more, check out Ask A...
Company's focus on personal lines seen as excellent fit for growing national practice group
BOSTON, MA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Adding to its growing presence and capabilities in the Long Island and Greater New York City market, Risk Strategies Company, a privately held, rapidly growing national insurance brokerage and risk management firm, today announced its acquisition of Friedman & Friedman Agency. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Founded in 1947 and based in Westbury, NY, Friedman & Friedman has built a strong specialty emphasis on helping successful families and individuals address their insurance and risk management challenges. Private client personal lines accounts for over half of the company's overall business.
Friedman & Friedman provides home and auto coverage, personal excess, boat/yacht insurance, and valuable collection insurance. It also specializes in estate planning and complex asset protection for high net worth families.
"Risk Strategies Company is focused on acquiring the expertise that makes understanding and solving complex, dynamic risk challenges simple and efficient," said Bob Courtemanche, Risk Strategies Company senior managing director, private client group national practice leader. "The personnel and focus of Friedman & Friedman make it a great fit for our approach to the business."
Led by its principals, Stephen Sharp and Bob Friedman, Friedman & Friedman also has expertise and significant business in real estate, manufacturing, information technology, international, and professional services. While most of the company's clients in these market segments are based out of the New York metropolitan area, many also have locations globally.
"Given our mix of business and approach to risk management, joining forces with Risk Strategies Company seemed like a great way to really make a difference for our clients," said Stephen Sharp, president, Friedman & Friedman Agency.
In October of 2016, Risk Strategies Company announced its acquisition of employee benefits specialist firm TSG Financial, based in Garden City, NY on Long Island. Risk Strategies also has offices in Lake Success, NY on Long Island.
"Friedman & Friedman has a long history of providing superior advice and service to clients, so we wanted to be sure the company we joined met that standard and could add significantly to the capabilities our clients can tap," said Bob Friedman, Partner, Friedman & Friedman Agency. "Risk Strategies is clearly able to do just that."
Since bringing aboard Courtemanche, previously Chairman of ACE Private Risk Services, in October of 2015, Risk Strategies Company has been steadily building out one of the country's most capable national Private Client Groups with key hires and specialty acquisitions.
About Risk Strategies Company
Risk Strategies Company is a privately held, national firm with offices across the country. As a leading U.S. insurance broker, the company offers sophisticated risk management advice as well as insurance and reinsurance placement for property & casualty, healthcare and employee benefits risks. Risk Strategies serves commercial companies, non-profits, public entities and individuals, and has access to all major insurance markets. Ranked among the top 20 brokers in the country, Risk Strategies has offices in more than 35 locations nationwide including Boston, New York City, Chicago, Miami, Atlanta, Dallas, Nashville, Los Angeles and San Francisco.
U.K. stocks dropped Tuesday, with a decline in commodity shares weighing on the benchmark FTSE 100, as the holiday shortened trading week got underway.
The FTSE 100 UKX, -1.07% fell 1% to 7,286.78, with losses picking up pace. All sectors fell, led by the basic materials group. Trading was closed Monday for the Easter holiday. Last week, which was shortened by the Good Friday holiday, the London benchmark shed 0.3%.
On Tuesday, shares of iron ore and copper producer Anglo American PLC AAL, -3.12% dropped 3.2%. Shares of iron ore heavyweights Rio Tinto PLC RIO, -2.60% RIO, +0.18% RIO, -1.94% and BHP Billiton PLC BLT, -3.07% BHP, +0.44% BHP, -1.56% slid 2.7% and 2.3%, respectively.
The moves in miners came as iron-ore prices slumped to five-month lows and copper prices erased most of last week's rebound, Accendo Markets said in a note.
“[I]nvestors believe major restocking from Chinese stimulus may now be complete. Said price falls are clearly ignoring Chinese GDP picking up from recent 6.7% lows to hit 6.9% — fastest since Q3 2015 — albeit fueled by credit and infrastructure investment and a relentlessly booming property market,” wrote analysts Mike van Dulken and Henry Croft of Accendo.
The basic materials group makes up about 8% of the FTSE 100's weighting.
Among other mining moves, Glencore PLC GLEN, -3.09% gave up 2.1%, while Antofagasta PLC ANTO, -3.29% fell 1.8%. Gold producers Fresnillo PLC FRES, -1.16% and Randgold Resources PLC RRS, -0.46% lost 0.9% and 0.8%, respectively.
Oil prices CLM7, -0.41% LCOM7, -0.33% were slightly lower. Shares of oil producer BP PLC BP., -2.69% BP, +0.11% fell 2.5%, and rival Royal Dutch Shell PLC RDSB, -1.62% RDS.B, +1.00% lost 1.7%.
The pound GBPUSD, -0.2706% was buying $1.2583, compared with $1.2540 late Friday in New York.
By Emman Ovuakporie & Johnbosco Agbakwuru
ABUJA—CHIEF of Army Staff, Lt-Gen Tukur Burutai, yesterday said men of the Nigerian Army were strategically located in 32 states of Nigeria, combating terrorism, kidnapping, cattle rustling, pipeline vandalism, communal crises and any form of uprisings.
Lt-Gen. Tukur Buratai disclosed this when they appeared before the House Committee on Army yesterday.
They explained that this development had overstretched the army, which had made it mandatory to recruit 12,000 able-bodied young men.
The COAS noted that timely and complete implementation of 2017 budget will enhance the fulfilment of the mandate.
They further said that in the past eight years, the country had been grappling with various security challenges that had continued to stretch the development of Army's assets.
“Currently, the Nigerian Army is deployed in about 32 states fighting to eradicate terrorism, cattle rustling, kidnapping, pipeline vandalism, armed banditry and communal clashes among others,” they disclosed.
Buratai, giving the breakdown of the 2016 budget before the House committee on Army chaired by Kwewum Shawulu, Buratai said the percentage performance of Nigeria Army budget was 100 per cent.
They said 62.01 per cent of the budget was for personnel emolument and 39.39 per cent for overhead capital budget.
They expressed concern that the limited funds released to the Nigeria Army had continued to jeopardize welfare efforts with attendant dampening of personnel morale.
The post Insecurity: We've men in 32 states of the federation — COAS appeared first on Vanguard News.
Source: Getty
IRELAND HAS TWO full-time terminologists, whose job it is to create hundreds of new Irish words and phrases each month.
Requests are made online from translators in the EU, journalists, and other members of the public for Irish versions of English language words, and 23-member voluntary committee meets once a month debates what terms become official.
Around 3,000 new Irish words are created each year, or 250-300 a month.
Gearóid Ó Cleircín is one of the members on that committee – he's a lecturer at DCU's Fiontar and Scoil na Gaeilge.
For Seachtain na Gaeilge, they spoke to TheJournal.ie about how new words are created, the difficulties with that task and gave a few examples of words that fostered some debate.
Those words that are rooted in jargon can be quite difficult, but they can also be quite fun.
Spúnáil
The way the committee works is there are two or three mini committees that go into a room to discuss what words would be appropriate for approval.
For the term “to spoon”, the committee decided to come up with two options.
They decided to go with spúnáil, which is obviously the Gaelicisation of the English term. But they also came up with a more descriptive, a longer version which is luigh tóin le gabhal.
That literally means like bum to crotch. Not particularly poetic in English!
Bréalú
For Brexit, Breatimeacht is the most common translation used, Ó Cleircín says.
But the committee weren't entirely happy with it, and would be inclined to use the English word as is. Ó Cleircín says that research indicates the two terms are used equally often, but there are other terms people can use:
Sasamach = Sasana + amach, meaning ‘England' + ‘out', which isn't entirely accurate;
Bréalú = Breatain + éalú, meaning ‘Britain' + ‘escape'.
Hackspace
‘Hackspace' or ‘hackerspace' means a common workspace where people come together and hang out and bounce ideas off each other. They said this was tricky to translate for a few reasons.
“The word hack in English has become very broad. It's come out of the field of computing and so on, but we talk about life hacks, and hacktivism and so on.
“To translate that using Irish in computer terms, which could have a negative connotation.
The problem with hackáil is ‘hackspace' doesn't really have anything to do with hacking. So calling it a spás hackáil would be a bit lazy and mechanical. Generally for contemporary language terms we try to be a bit creative.
“So the final version was céarda chomhspéise. So céarda which would be an old term for ‘forge', like a blacksmith's forge, and chomhspéise, which means ‘of common interest'. So that took a bit of time to get to that and many of the committee members had never even heard of a hackspace.”
Giolc
The last special collection the committee compiled was one of 1,500 IT terms and quite a lot of them are rooted in social media, app development, which are very jargon-based, Ó Cleircín says.
They say a good example of this is the word ‘tweet'. There are two Irish translations – giolc meaning the chirping sound a bird makes, and tuít, which is a more obvious translation. Both are used equally frequently they say, but tuít could be slowly gaining more use.
“Journalists with RTÉ Nuacht and Raidió na Gaeltachta would have their own policy for words and phrases for news bulletins. They sometimes find that the tearma.ie pipeline can be a bit too technical, and difficult to use in bulletins. They tend to paraphrase it or explain it almost rather than use the term.”
Other interesting translation includes fidget spinner, the translation means rothán méire (literally means finger wheel); boss fight in a video game context, which is comhrac fathaigh or ‘combat with a giant'; and citizen journalism is iriseoireacht sráide or ‘street journalism'.
When asked whether the new, modern words being created in the language are taking away from the ancient culture that the language is rooted in, Ó Cleircín says that every language has new official terms created.
“It's more that there aren't enough speakers, or fluent, native speakers to keep those older terms in use,” they say.
Russia's Federal Air Transport Agency (Rosaviatsiya) reported (08-Dec-2017) the following traffic highlights for Russian carriers in the 11 months ended Nov-2017, according to preliminary information:
Passenger numbers: 97.5 million, +19.1% year-on-year;
RPKs: 238.9 billion, +20.2%;
Load factor: 83.3%, +1.8pps.
The results exceeded the record of 93.1 million passengers achieved in calendar year 2014. 105 million passengers are expected in 2017. [more - original PR - Russian]
Navy at a crossroads after string of deadly disasters The sailors were likely asleep when the water rushed in. Just 30 seconds earlier, officers overseeing the steering of the USS Fitzgerald had put their ship directly in the path...
Commanders in deadly Navy crashes face negligent homicide charges A pair of Navy commanders face negligent homicide charges over the collisions of two US destroyers with merchant ships that left 17 sailors dead this summer, a new report found....
Summer of deadly ship crashes destroys a Navy officer's career The officer in charge of the Navy's Pacific fleet is expected to step down this week following several high-profile incidents under their watch, including the separate crashes of two US...
Navy destroyers in collisions had let training credentials lapse The two Navy destroyers that crashed in separate incidents this year — killing a total 17 sailors — were woefully behind on training certifications, according to a new report. Crews...
'Cowboy' captain pulled from helm after running ferry aground The captain who smashed a ferry into an underwater East River piling has been yanked from the helm and is known for an aggressive style of piloting watercraft, The Post...
Deadly Navy crashes were caused by total incompetence A comedy of errors caused by a lack of even “basic skills such as seamanship and navigation” caused two deadly Navy destroyer crashes in the Pacific this summer, a damning...
Massive 13-story ship crashes into ritzy Newport Harbor A large ship, known as the Perry, drifted into Newport Harbor in Rhode Island, striking four other boats. The incident left the boat owners frantic, and one person can be...
Navy to transport damaged USS John McCain to Japan SINGAPORE — The U.S. Navy plans to transport the USS John S. McCain to Japan for a full damage assessment after a collision last month in which ten sailors died...
Navy recovers remains of all missing sailors aboard USS John McCain The remains of all 10 sailors who went missing after the USS John S. McCain collided with an oil tanker near Singapore last week have been discovered by search crews,...
Venezuela's political landscape is among the world's most bitterly divided. But can shared passions inspire opponents to put differences aside for the common good?
If anything can unite two Venezuelans, it's the rhythm of salsa.
The country is in the grip of an economic crisis and suffering severe food shortages. Last year more than 120 people were killed as anti-government protests led to violence, amid claims of police brutality and illegal detentions.
So it might seem unthinkable that music could bring together a Chavista - a member of a group named for their fervent support of the late President Hugo Chávez - and an activist determined to oust the ex-president's socialist successors.
But high in the capital, Caracas, political opponents Pedro García and Leandro Buzón are dancing to the same beat in a bid to shape a better future.
"A drum opens your heart. It unites even enemies," says Mr Garcia.
"We're from the same country, and in its time of need we're going to reach out our hands and work together."
Image copyright AFP Image caption The ongoing economic crisis has deepened the problems in San Agustín
Mr García, a musician and former drug addict known as Guapachá (hot dancer), was born in the slum neighbourhood of San Agustín 57 years ago, and proudly states they have been "clean" for the past 30. The son of a Cuban musician, they grew up amid poverty and violence, and has six gunshot wounds to prove it.
These days, through their percussion school, Guapachá tries to steer youngsters away from trouble.
"Going through all that I have makes me understand these boys," they say. Like many slums in Caracas, the world's second most violent city, San Agustín has a history of gang violence. And the current crisis has deepened its problems.
The relatives of some they work with have been involved in shootings. But Guapachá points out: "The kids are here."
Guapachá was inspired by the charismatic leadership of Mr Chávez, who rode a wave of popular outrage at the traditional political elite to win power in 1998. Supporters revere their socialists for using oil riches to reduce inequality.
It makes Mr Buzón an unlikely partner. They too grew up in a barrio. It is called January 23 - a traditional bastion of the left and a Chavista stronghold. But the 30-year-old sociologist and master of political science is no political ally.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Anti-government demonstrations turned violent last year
They campaign for Primero Justicia, the opposition party led by Henrique Capriles - who was narrowly defeated in the bitterly contested election of 2013. Mr Capriles, who led calls for business to play a greater role and had demanded a presidential recall referendum, was seen as the opposition's best hope of gaining power.
But they were banned from the electoral process last year over "administrative irregularities". Their sidelining triggered street protests and claims of dictatorship.
Despite this, Guapachá says: "Leandro is my pana (friend); it's like he's my son."
Mr Buzón founded the social organization Caracas MiConvive to work with victims of violence, promoting peace and driving change within communities. This shared motivation for improving the lives of ordinary Venezuelans prompted a mutual friend to introduce them five years ago.
Mr Buzón had heard about Guapachá's youth work and remembers telling the older man: "Look, Guapachá, I like what you do. I do community work too, let's sit down and talk."
These days, five afternoons a week, they can be found together, concerning themselves solely with salsa.
"Guapachá is still a romantic, they still believe in [Chávez's] 'Revolution'… but they are a man with the biggest heart," says Mr Buzón.
Sitting alongside the boys tapping out a rhythm at the San Agustín percussion school, the men glance at each other and enjoy the effects of their work.
Oraiker, 12, improvising with a classmate, shares their vision.
"I want to play music and help children who are on the street," they say.
But their tutors' alliance was not initially welcomed. Mr Buzón says fellow activists labelled their new friend an infiltrator.
"People thought it was offensive when they went about wearing a shirt with the slogan: 'Chávez, the heart of the people'."
Guapachá, who even today sports a shirt decorated with an image of Mr Chávez's eyes, faced the same problem.
"They asked me, 'Are you going to work with these Escuálidos?'," says the musician, using the slur Mr Chávez's reserved for "the squalid ones" who challenged him. They remember them being turned away from one community space where they wanted to perform. Hauling drums onto their shoulders, they had walked on to find somewhere else to teach the kids.
But in this neighbourhood, with its steep streets and tin-roofed houses perched one on top of another, Chavistas and their opponents suffer the same problems.
Their friendship came to be accepted.
"I could not have entered with the same strength, acceptance and affection in San Agustín, and Guapachá could not have gone into other areas where I am well-accepted," says Mr Buzon.
"The story of Venezuela that some politicians try to tell us is only meant to divide us."
Through their work, the friends try to spread a message of unity to allow the country to move forward.
As Mr Buzon puts it: "There is no eastern or western salsa, there is only one salsa."
Photography: Wil Riera
Crossing Divides
Crossing Divides: a week of stories about people creating connections in a polarised world.
Do you have experience of building bridges within divided communities? Share them with us by emailing haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.
You can also contact us in the following ways:
Tweet: #CrossingDivides
WhatsApp: +44 7555 173285
Text an SMS or MMS to 61124 (UK) or +44 7624 800 100 (international)
(UK) or (international) Please read our terms & conditions
To send your stories.
American figure skater Mirai Nagasu talks about wanting to make their country proud in Pyeongchang, four year after their controversial omission from the 2014 Sochi Olympics team.
WATCH MORE: 'We're all goofballs' - meet Nigeria's historic bobsleigh team
NavInfo Searching U.S. Startups for Potential Investment
NavInfo, a Beijing-based mapping company backed up by China's tech giant Tencent, has been in touch with technology companies in Silicon Valley such as Google and Apple for potential partnership in securing a leading role in the world's largest auto market. Cheng Peng, CEO of NavInfo, told Bloomberg that their company continues to look into the startups in the U.S. for potential investments regardless of their earlier failure in aquiring Here Technologies and the ongoing trade disputes between the two countries. (Source: Bloomberg)
oN the other hand, some signs suggest that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy
The U.S. shed 33,000 jobs in September because of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma, which closed thousands of businesses in Texas and Florida and forced widespread evacuations. It marked the first monthly hiring decline in nearly seven years.
The unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the Labor Department said Friday, the lowest level since February 2001 and a sign that the job market remains fundamentally solid. Hiring is expected to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry. Roughly 1.5 million people were unable to work last month because of the weather, the government said, the most in 20 years.
Hourly workers who couldn't work and missed a paycheck would have been counted as not working, thereby lowering September's job total. That's true even if those employees returned to work after the storm passed or will return.
The unemployment rate fell because it is calculated with a separate survey of households. That survey counted people as employed even if they were temporarily off work because of the storms. In fact, the proportion of adults who have jobs rose to 60.4 percent, the highest since January 2009.
Average hourly wages rose a healthy 2.9 percent from 12 months earlier. Still, the government said that figure was artificially inflated by the loss of so many lower-paid workers in hurricane-hit areas. The result was that higher-paid workers disproportionately boosted the wage figure.
More than 11 million people had been employed in the 87 counties in Texas and Florida that were declared disaster areas, the government says. That's equal to about 7.7 percent of the nation's workforce.
Other recent indicators point to a solid economy and job market. This week, a survey of services firms — covering restaurants, construction companies, retail stores, banks and others — found that they expanded in September at their fastest monthly pace since 2005. That followed a survey of manufacturers, which found an equally strong gain. Factory activity expanded at the fastest pace in more than 13 years.
Some signs suggest that a rebound from the hurricanes is already boosting the economy. Auto sales, which had been lackluster this year, jumped 6.1 percent to more than 1.5 million in September from a year ago, according to Autodata Corp., as Americans began to replace cars destroyed by the storms. That increase in purchases should soon lead automakers to step up production.
Harvey caused about $76 billion to $87 billion in economic losses, according to Moody's Analytics, an economic consulting firm. The estimate includes damage to homes and businesses as well as lost business and economic output. That calculation would make Harvey the second-worst U.S. natural disaster, after Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Irma will likely end up having caused $58 billion to $83 billion in economic losses, Moody's forecasts. Maria, which hammered Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, could cost $45 billion to $95 billion, though that is a preliminary estimate.
Lithuanian team releases statement on signing LiAngelo, LaMelo Ball
Like their older brother Lonzo, LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball are now professional basketball players.
On Monday, 19-year-old LiAngelo and 16-year-old LaMelo agreed to contracts to join Lithuanian team Vytautas Prienai early next month. Shams Charania of Yahoo Sports reported that the Ball brothers signed a one-year deal, and the team later released a statement on its two new additions.
Lithuanian team Vytautas‘ statement on signing LaMelo and LiAngelo Ball to one-year deals: “Our club is excited about the arrival of LiAngelo and LaMelo Ball. We are committed to their long-term success and development as professional basketball players.” — Shams Charania (@ShamsCharania) December 11, 2017
LaVar Ball had LiAngelo quit the UCLA basketball team this month, noting that their son's suspension stemming from a shoplifting incident in China had dragged out too long. Not too long ago, LaVar also had LaMelo drop out of Chino Hills (Calif.) High School in favor of homeschooling and private basketball training. Ball wanted all three of their sons to play professionally, and they said LiAngelo was only enrolled in UCLA for basketball reasons.
It will be interesting to see how the Ball brothers adjust to life in Lithuania and whether or not they are able to make an impact with their new club. One Lithuanian coach already took a ruthless shot at the Ball family, so there's no telling how fans and players in the nation are going to react.
May 26
Frank Douglas Roseti, 54, of Lebanon was charged with DUI and violation of the implied consent law.
Natasha Anne Stevens, 30, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation and drugs simple possession.
Ryan Leigh Thompson, 39, of Goodletsville was charged with failure to appear.
Charles Joshua Tramel, 43, of Lebanon was charged with DUI, driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license, violation of probation and violation of the implied consent law.
Leroy Wooten, 27, of Hartsville was charged with violation of probation.
May 27
Lori Ann Cummins, 36, of Gallatin was charged with violation of probation.
Devonte Early Keeton, 18, of Hermitage was charged with theft of merchandise worth less than $500 and contribution to delinquency.
Brian Steven Mickel, 32, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation.
Deandrae Deshawn Mosley, 24, of Smithville was charged with drugs simple possession, possession of drug paraphernalia and driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license.
Tyler Shae Reeves, 26, of Lavergne was charged with non-verbal harassment and three counts of failure to appear.
Kenneth Hubbie Seay, 68, of Lebanon was charged with aggravated assault.
Alexander Thomas Taylor, 63, of Lebanon was charged with failure to appear.
Andrea Marie Vernetti-Lamoy, 56, of Lebanon was charged with DUI.
James Zachary York, 37, of Lebanon was charged with possession and manufacture with intent for resale, possession of drug paraphernalia and vandalism.
May 28
Amanda Jean Anderson, 26, of Mt. Juliet was charged with violating conditional release and DUI.
Haley Alexandria Bolin-Gojkovic, 25, of Mt. Juliet was charged with violation of probation.
David Wayne Cooksey, 54, of Lebanon was charged with failure to appear.
James Walter Dinkins, 36, of Lebanon was charged with driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license.
Richard Asa Ellithorpe, 28, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation and violating protection order.
April Nicole Foster, 35, of Mt. Juliet was charged with domestic assault.
Joseph Edward Harmann, 38, of Cookeville was charged with DUI.
Roman Harutyunyan, 29, of Tujunga, CA was charged with five counts of criminal simulation, two counts of possession or fraudulent us of a credit or debit card, identity theft and two counts of theft of property worth between $10000 and $60000.
Chad Marcus Jackson, 38, of Mt. Juliet was charged with public drunkenness and domestic assault.
Dennis Dean Lamphier, 34, of Lebanon was charged with DUI and driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license.
Henry Marcus Muncie, 49, of Nashville was charged with failure to appear, drugs simple possession and public drunkenness.
Tracy Lee Payne, 46, of Mt. Juliet was charged with public drunkenness.
Christopher Bryan Potts, 37, of Lebanon was charged with public drunkenness.
Michael Todd Rhodes, 52, of Lebanon was charged with reckless endangerment, vandalism, leaving the scene with property damage and failure to give immediate notice on accident.
Brandy Nicole Sellars, 35, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation.
Matthew Blake Slatton, 30, of Soddy Daisy was charged with two counts of violation of probation, failure to appear and public drunkenness.
Kenneth Travis Williams, 36, of Shelbyville was charged with failure to pay child support.
May 29
William Leachie Ambrose, 39, of Murfreesboro was charged with criminal trespass and public drunkenness.
Roy Wesley Baynes, 47, of Lebanon was charged with evading arrest, DUI and violation of the implied consent law.
Kenneth Dee Diviney, 35, of Lebanon was charged with two counts of domestic assault.
William Bryant Groves, 72, of Portland was charged with violation of probation.
Jack Nicholas McKeon, 22, of Lebanon was charged with public drunkenness.
Jennifer Camilia Robinson, 36, of Goodletsville was charged with public drunkenness, possession of drug paraphernalia and drugs simple possession.
Solomon Michael Tolbert, 31, of Murfreesboro was charged with reckless driving, reckless endangerment, evading arrest, DUI and driving without a license.
May 30
Zaccary Paxton Anderson, 21, of Lebanon was charged with schedule IV drugs for resale, drugs simple possession and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Billy Earl Barnes, 59, of Lebanon was charged with domestic assault.
Micah Ray Chitwood, 32, of Lebanon was charged with violation of probation.
David Dohotariu, 20, of Mt. Juliet was charged with schedule IV drugs for resale, violation of drinking laws and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Ashley Mae Floyd, 36, of Nashville was charged with manufacture, deliver, sale and possession of methamphetamine, DUI, driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license, proof of insurance, possession or drug paraphernalia and violation of the registration law.
Bryce Clayton Noyd, 18, of Mt. Juliet was charged with aggravated assault.
Dorothy Cecile Parker, 58, of Memphis was charged with violation of probation.
April Dawn Poteet, 37, of Goodletsville was charged with violation of probation and failure to appear.
Jenea Austin Primm, 35, of Nashville was charged with failure to appear.
Lance Denel Scott, 29, of Hartsville was charged with resisting arrest and DUI.
Michael Kevin Speight, 60, of Lebanon was charged with driving with a revoked, suspended or cancelled driver's license and DUI.
Sharon Elizabeth White, 26, of Watertown was charged with failure to appear.
Monez Linell Williams, 25, of Nashville was charged with criminal impersonation and failure to appear.
Angela Sawin Wright, 36, of Hermitage was charged with violation of probation and theft of merchandise worth less than $500.
–Staff Reports
