The highest-paid actor in the world is getting bigger and bigger with every new movie, literally. Dwayne ‘The Rock' Johnson's muscles somehow continue to grow with ever new release. The one thing that the former WWE- champion has kept consistent in all these years their diet. To attain the physique he's spent the majority of their life working on, The Rock has had to religiously stick to a strict workout and diet plan. But for the eighth insane instalment of the Fast and the Furious franchise, he's bulked up to make their character the biggest he's been in the movie, adding over 22 pounds (10 kgs) to their already mammoth size. The Rock as Hobbs in The Fate of the Furious is also the biggest he's ever been on the big screen. Hobb's ridiculously pumped up muscles spend so much time taking up screen space in Fast 8, they are practically in their own mini-movie. After getting shredded for Baywatch, Johnson hit a gargantuan goal of 118 kgs (260 lbs) from 108 kgs (238 lbs) to play “the meanest, strongest and most highly funny and entertaining shit talking version of Hobbs the franchise has ever seen”. Here's how they did it. Take a look.
The Rock's The Fate of the Furious workout
No pain, no gain
Chalked up. Pushed thru the pain. 21's. Many of you know the drill. A good morning of work. #BoneyardHogs #FunPain #YardShit A post shared by therock (@therock) on Apr 3, 2017 at 5:36am PDT
A strategically placed toilet in the gym for some “psychologically bad assery”
The Rock's weight training = your bootcamp on steroids
The Rock's diet
The Rock's hardcore 6,000 calories per day diet is no messy joyride. They eat five meals a day, which are planned and measured in advance depending on what they are training to achieve. They start off their day with “some dead cow and oatmeal for breakfast” and their diet staples includes lots of protein (chicken, steak fillets, grass-fed buffalo, egg whites), oatmeal, broccoli, halibut, rice, asparagus, baked potatoes, green leafy sales, mushrooms and a bit of protein powder (casein protein, to be specific).
But The Rock can't resist the occasional binge
Watch The Rock's Ultimate Workout below:
> More on FITNESS
Up Next: Behind the ramp | Van Heusen + GQ Fashion Nights 2016
With the Chargers heading to New York to take on the winless Giants on Sunday, we decided to check in with Giants Wire's managing editor Kevin Hickey to get a feel for the Week 5 clash.
Below fans can check out what Hickey had to say about the Bolts' opponent.
1. The Giants went down to the wire last week against Tampa Bay. Where did you see improvement from in that game?
Giants Wire:
It was another tough loss but there is some solace in the fact that the offensive line look better. Don't get me wrong, they are still struggling, but they did show improvement in pass blocking. Against the Chargers solid pass rush, this weekend should be a good test.
Gowda, India's only male CWG gold medallist discus thrower, retires
(Eds: Updating with quotes of Gowda and AFI President)
New Delhi, May 30 (PTI) Top discus thrower Vikas Gowda today retired after competing at the highest level for more than 15 years, during which they became the first and only Indian male to win a Commonwealth Games medal in the discipline.
The retirement of the four-time Olympian, who will turn 35 on July 5, has not come as a surprise as they have not taken part in any major international event since winning a bronze in the Asian Championships last year in Bhubaneswar.
Their retirement was announced by the Athletics Federation of India on its twitter page after Gowda sent the AFI a letter, declaring their intent to call it quits.
"After a lot of thinking and consulting, I have decided to retire from athletics. I do not want to punish my body anymore and I want to focus on the next phase of my life," said Gowda, who is based in the United States.
"It was an honour and privilege to represent India and I will forever miss it."
The Mysore-born Gowda's family moved to Maryland, USA just before they turned six. Their father Shive was a former athlete and a national coach at the 1988 Olympics.
Gowda, who holds the national record of 66.28m (achieved in 2012), is one of the most decorated Indian athlete, having won a gold in the 2013 and 2015 Asian Championships. They also won silver in the 2010 Commonwealth Games and a gold in the 2014 Glasgow CWG. In the Asian Games, they won a bronze in 2010 and a silver in 2014.
They took part in the 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016 Olympics. Out of the four, they were able to reach the final round only in the 2012 London Games. They were awarded the Padma Shri in 2017.
Before emerging as a champion discus thrower, Gowda started their career as a shot putter. Their best performance in shot put was 19.62m which they achieved in 2006 in Atlanta.
Their retirement came just a few months before the Asian Games in Indonesia but they have been on the wane for some time. They did not take part in the recent Commonwealth Games as the AFI had made a strict rule that those who do not take part in the national championships, which serve as selection trials, will not be allowed to participate in the multi-sporting events.
Even for the Asian Championships last year, they were told to come to Bhubaneswar all the way from the US prior to the event, to take part in the selection trial.
AFI President Adille Sumariwalla paid rich tributes to Gowda, saying they have been an inspiration for a lot of track and field athletes.
"Vikas had a great career as an athlete and their achievements speaks about their dedication and hard-work over the years. I wish them the best for future and thank them for serving Indian athletics," Sumariwalla said
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
David de Gea has admitted Manchester United must be more consistent if they are to challenge for the title next season.
De Gea has enjoyed another impressive season with United, keeping 17 clean sheets in Premier League to stand on the brink of winning the Golden Glove for the first time.
But the United goalkeeper acknowledged Jose Mourinho's side were too inconsistent this season to get anywhere near champions Manchester City and must ensure they address that next term.
Although United has beaten City, Liverpool, Tottenham and Chelsea this season, dropped points against Stoke, Huddersfield, Leicester, Burnley, Southampton, Newcastle and West Brom ultimately undermined their title challenge.
(Image: REUTERS)
De Gea believes United have in Mourinho the right man to lead them back to the top, but conceded the players must produce on a more consistent basis if they are to have any hope of toppling City next season.
“We've got a great manager,” said De Gea. “He's very experienced, he's won everything there is to win in the game.
“What he's really good at is transmitting their winning mentality to the group.
“However, at the end of the day, it's down to ourselves – the players on the field.
“It's us who make the saves, create the chances and score the goals.
“So, as a group, we've got to get that level of consistency and quality throughout the season.”
(Image: Shaun Botterill)
With four games to go, De Gea's nearest challenger for the Golden Glove award is City's Ederson, who has kept 15 clean sheets in the league this season.
De Gea has maintained their high standard between the posts for United and is aiming to end the season on a high, by securing second place in the league and winning the FA Cup, before heading to Russia for the World Cup with Spain.
“I'm pretty pleased with my performance,” said De Gea. “It's been a fairly complete, all round set of performances from me.
“I've felt good, felt fit and in good form physically throughout the season.
(Image: PA)
“Let's hope that these last few games to go before the end of the season continue the form, then leading into the World Cup, which is an important time for Spain.”
Former United skipper Gary Neville believes their old club cannot view this season as a great one, but claimed the progression from last year, when they finished sixth, means they can look back on the campaign with satisfaction they are moving forward.
"For United, is it a great season? No," said Neville. "But it's a good season because the momentum is still going as they have the opportunity to win the FA Cup and finish second, which would be progression.
"The importance of getting another medal round the necks of the players should not be underestimated in terms of keeping building and challenging City next season."
Fenway Park gates for Game 3 of the ALDS between the Red Sox and Astros open at 12:38 p.m., exactly two hours before game time.
The Red Sox are asking fans to arrive early for all postseason games at Fenway Park to leave time for security screenings at the gates.
Per a press release, "As part of the standard entry screening process in place for all Fenway Park events, fans entering the ballpark will be screened using walkthrough metal detectors, and all bags will be checked by trained security staff. No bags or item larger than 16"x16"x8" are permitted inside Fenway Park."
Fans who see inappropriate or irregular behavior can text the Red Sox security using the number 23215 with "Security" in the subject line, calling the security hotline (617-226-6411) or using the Ballpark App to contact Guest Services.
GAME THREE INFO
Sunday, Oct. 8, 2:38 p.m., Fenway Park, Boston, Mass.
Starting Pitching Probables: RHP Doug Fister (5-9, 4.88) vs. TBA
Fenway Park Gates Open: 12:38 p.m.
TV: FS1, MLB Network
Live Stream: MLB.tv
Carnage as Blast rocks block of flats in Oxford
Morrisions launch their new kids range with a moc
Man rides horse into shop to pick up groceries
Hackers can unlock your home's front door with in
New piece of clothing tech can store 15 kilos of
Scarlet fever's on the rise in the UK. Here's wha
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dramatic pictures show full force of the Oxford explosion last night - as well as the aftermath of the wreckage today - as a number of people still remain 'missing'.
Rescuers continue to scour the rubble after a three-storey block of flats was raised to the ground in the blaze at around 5pm yesterday afternoon.
Several people are reportedly still unaccounted for - with police yet to comment on exact numbers 'missing'.
It is not yet known for certain whether anyone died in the explosion which shook the ground - but eyewitnesses say they saw people being dragged out from underneath the rubble.
The cause of the fire is also still unknown - with initial claims it had been a 'gas' explosion since denied.
(Photo: Oxford Mail/SWNS)
(Photo: Oxford Mail/SWNS)
Around a dozen people were evacuated to nearby emergency accommodation overnight. Photos being posted online show the extent of the wreckage residents are coming home to.
Jenny Kitzinger posted on Twitter: "My dad's ok, but here's remains of their bedroom, so reminding all re. fire safety & smoke alarms today. + a HUGE thank you to @OxonFireRescue."
Two people were treated for minor injuries including a pregnant woman who was taken to hospital following the blast.
One man - understood to be the person spotted being rescued by a firefighter on a ladder from an upstairs window - was treated for smoke inhalation.
(Photo: Oxford Mail/SWNS)
(Photo: PA)
When the blaze took hold at dusk last night, a massive fireball could be seen coming from the remains of the three-storey block of flats in Gibbs Crescent, Oxford.
The building is owned by housing association A2Dominion.
Huge flames and plumes of smoke were caught on camera with the force of the explosion causing several nearby boats in the marina to catch fire too.
Neighbours say they fear the blast may have been deliberate - which is yet to be confirmed.
(Photo: PA)
Police, fire and ambulance crews remain at the scene more than 15 hours after the explosion.
Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue confirmed two people sustained minor injuries - with one taken to hospital.
But a "small number" of people are still unaccounted for as rescue teams start to sweep the rubble.
A pregnant woman was taken to the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford with minor injuries, while a man was treated at the scene, also for minor injuries.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
An ambulance spokesperson had earlier said it was a gas mains explosion - but that has been denied by authorities.
A statement released from SGN on Tuesday, gas distribution network company for the Oxford area said: "Following reports of an explosion in the Osney Lane and Gibbs Crescent area of Oxford, our engineers joined the emergency services on site this evening.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
"While it's too early to speculate as to what has happened, we have confirmed there is no mains gas supply to the property affected."
Police have ruled out terrorism as the cause of the blast.
Casualties reported after gas blast flattens property believed to contain four flats
Eyewitness Alexander Hammonds, 43, who lives in nearby Osney Lane, took dramatic pictures of the aftermath of the explosion.
They said: "I was in my living room when I heard a massive double bang.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
"Personally I thought a lorry had overturned, so I looked out the window and saw massive plumes of smoke.
"I walked over the footbridge and from there I could see the flames from above the trees.
Oxford 'gas' explosion: Block of flats 'reduced to rubble' in huge blast as several people are still missing
"I just started using my camera, I got stupidly close. I just went in, got as many photos as I could then leave because I could hear all the sirens.
"I could smell all the furniture burning. I saw the tarpaulin of a boat on fire.
"There were a lot of sounds coming from the fire which was making me really nervous because it was an explosion and I didn't want to be around if there was another one."
Update From New York City Now, we're giving you an update on the story of an explosion in midtown Manhattan. Reports shortly before 8 this morning came about an explosion close to the New York Port Authority.
Six dead in Montreal as much of Canada remains under blanket of hot, humid air
A woman cools down in a water fountain as they beat the heat in Montreal, Monday, July 2, 2018. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Graham Hughes
Montreal health officials are blaming the heavy heat and humidity for at least six deaths in recent days.
Dr. Mylene Drouin told a news conference today the deaths have been investigated and are linked directly to the heat wave.
Drouin says the victims fit the profile of people authorities describe as at risk: those with chronic illness or mental-health problems, people who live alone and people without air conditioning at home.
They say there has also been a rise in the number of calls to ambulance services in recent days and that the city wants to avoid what happened in 2010, when intense heat claimed 106 lives.
In the Eastern Townships region southeast of Montreal, four deaths are under investigation to determine if they are related to the extreme heat. Authorities were expected to provide more details on Wednesday morning.
The oppressive weather has enveloped much of Central and Eastern Canada since the Canada Day long weekend.
Environment Canada says humidex readings were to be in the 40 Celsius range today from southwestern and northeastern Ontario through southern Quebec and into the Atlantic region.
Related: Much of eastern Canada remains under blanket of hot, humid air
Related: Summer snow falls in parts of Newfoundland: ‘Never seen it this late in June'
The weather agency says a “very warm and humid air mass” has settled over the Maritimes and above normal temperatures and humid conditions will stick around into Thursday. Maritime temperatures are expected to return to seasonal normals for the weekend.
A hot and humid air mass is also entrenched over southern Quebec, with Tuesday's highs expected to be in the low 30s with a humidex reading between 35 and 40 C, also through Thursday.
Southern Quebec was rocked by violent storms on Monday, leaving thousands of homes and businesses without electricity, or air conditioning. Most of the outages were in the Outaouais region of western Quebec in addition to areas north and northeast of Montreal.
Environment Canada said much of southern Ontario, including Toronto, also remains under a heat warning, with a humidex reading of 43 expected on Tuesday. The extreme heat was expected to ease off on Friday with the passage of a cold front.
In western Alberta, meanwhile, the problem is rain and lots of it.
As of late Monday, about 30 millimetres of rain had fallen in the Jasper region, creating the possibility of flooding in low-lying areas. Environment Canada said another 25 to 50 millimetres of rain were expected before it tapers off Wednesday morning.
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Australia set to prepare for India tour by training at the ICC Academy in Dubai
Steven Smith's team will use Dubai's variety of pitches to try and counter India's myriad conditions.
by Ram Kumar News 02 Jan 2017, 15:20 IST
Australia's players managed to get back their confidence by defeating Pakistan at home
What's the story?
Disconcerted by the nature of pitches served up in warm-up matches during their preceding tours to the subcontinent, Australia will train at the ICC Academy in Dubai before flying into India for a 4-Test series next month. Their record in Asia makes for abysmal reading – nine consecutive Test losses with three successive series whitewashes. The last time they won a Test match in India was during the 2004 series.
The ICC Academy in Dubai holds as many as thirty pitches made from different types of soil found across the globe. Although Australia's batsmen might not have accomplished spinners bowling at them, the plan gives them an opportunity to hone their techniques on turning tracks.
In case you didn't know...
Parallels can be drawn between Australia's move to get acclimatised to Indian conditions beforehand and Pakistan's earnest preparation ahead of their England tour (in which they drew the Test series 2-2) in 2016. Even though Misbah-ul-Haq's side focused on improving their fitness in a gruelling boot-camp and trained on green-tinged surfaces at home, the intentions are fairly similar.
Australia will begin their four-Test series in India on February 23rd at the Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium in Pune. The remaining three Tests are scheduled to be held at Bengaluru, Ranchi and Dharamsala.
Heart of the matter
“India is not going to be the same everywhere. What they can do in Dubai is do a lot of different preparation with different types of pitches. The ICC have done a really good job where they'll have different pitches of the cities. So it's not just spin pitches, there are different types. But it's all about a mindset. We cannot copy what we are going to get. It's all about the mindset that we're going to adapt. We can't get practice against (Ravichandran) Ashwin and (Ravindra) Jadeja either”, Pat Howard was quoted as saying to Fairfax Media.
Cricket Australia's executive general manager of team performance added, “I'm not saying (India) has been the thing that we've been necessarily focused on but it's somewhere Australia hasn't had a lot of success. (There have been) two successful tours in that time (in 1969 and 2004) and we know that we have to take it very very seriously and dot all the ‘i's and cross the ‘t's because we haven't been as good over there as we'd like to be. We're trying to do no stone left unturned.”
What next?
Having already taken an unassailable 2-0 lead in the home series against Pakistan, Australia will be eager to utilise the third Test in Sydney as a dress rehearsal for the India tour. On an SCG pitch which is expected to assist spin, they have brought in left-arm spinner Steve O'Keefe to partner Nathan Lyon. Although conditions could be slightly different than what is usually seen in the subcontinent, this will be their last Test before stepping onto Indian shores.
Sportskeeda's Take
Considering India's dominant form and Australia's woeful recent record in Asia, Steven Smith's team will truly be up against it. Even though their chances in this series remain rather bleak, the pro-active Cricket Australia has at least started taking major steps to provide the players with a decent amount of preparation. In an era wherein cricketers often enter into away tours undercooked, the other boards certainly need to make similar decisions.
Also Read: Tom Moody issues grave warning to Australian team ahead of India tour
Manchester United suffered a painful Premier League defeat in midweek, falling 2-0 to Spurs at Wembley.
Jose Mourinho will be looking for their side to bounce back immediately, as Alexis Sanchez makes their home debut against Huddersfield Town.
United's defeat saw them fall 15 points off leaders Man City, but more pertinently, allowed Spurs in fifth to close the gap between the two sides to five points.
With Spurs at Liverpool on Sunday however, the visit of David Wagner's Terriers represents the perfect opportunity for Mourinho's side to embolden their position within the top four.
The Special One will also update on the fitness of Marouane Fellaini and will likely also be asked about their touchline issues with Paul Pogba in midweek.
Find out Mourinho's thoughts as they give their pre-match press conference at Carrington, right here...
Winners and losers from the January transfer window as Premier League clubs splash record amount
Test Boost Elite The path to frame-constructing is usually a long and disturbing one, however thankfully a few answers were determined from the rising science of athletic physiology. those techniques will resource you to build muscle at a significantly faster rate than regular. the 1st technique is that a person do now not want to teach each muscle institution for hours each day. http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
4 min read Online Marketing
Making This One Simple Request to Your Search Agency Will Produce Major Results
Why you need to ask for direct access to campaigns.
NORTH BAY, Ont. — Another member of Team Kevin Koe is leaving the rink after missing the podium at last month's Winter Olympics.
After a four-year run with the Calgary team, second Brent Laing is departing to join a new-look Team John Epping next season.
The announcement came two weeks after Koe third Marc Kennedy said he'd be taking a break from competitive curling. Koe and lead Ben Hebert have yet to announce their plans for the 2018-19 campaign.
"We talked about staying together and we looked at different options and it became pretty clear that just for whatever reason — circumstance, choices, what everybody was looking for — it's just the three of us weren't going to end up together," Laing told The Canadian Press on Monday.
Epping announced earlier in the day that their team would be making changes at the end of the season. Second Patrick Janssen and lead Tim March will be leaving while Mat Camm remains at third.
Laing, who arrived in North Bay on Monday to watch wife Jennifer Jones play at the world women's curling championship, will reunite with lead Craig Savill on the new team. They won national and world titles together with skip Glenn Howard in 2007 and 2012.
Epping, who won the Canadian Open in 2015, recently won bronze at the Tim Hortons Brier. The 34-year-old skip is currently ranked eighth in the world.
"I know I've been around awhile but there are still lots of things on my bucket list that I need to check off," Epping said from Toronto. "I think that the best move for me is to bring them on to help do that."
A message left with Koe was not immediately returned.
It has been a busy post-Olympic free agency period on the domestic curling scene. Several top teams are rejigging their lineups as they look ahead to the next quadrennial.
More Than A Job: Home Care For A Mom With Alzheimer's Disease
Enlarge this image toggle caption Xavier Vasquez/NPR Xavier Vasquez/NPR
Celina Raddatz quit their job at a nursing home in 2014 when they realized they would have to take care of their mother full-time. Raddatz's mother, Guadalupe Pena Villegas, 83, suffers from Alzheimer's and bipolar disorder, a combination that sometimes makes them a danger to themselves and others, and thus requires them to be supervised 24 hours a day.
Raddatz and one of their sisters, Rosalia Lizarraga, 61, had been caring for their mother together. But as the Alzheimer's progressed, the task became too stressful for Lizarraga. The full responsibility fell on Raddatz, who was determined to fulfill a promise they and their siblings had made their mother as children.
"When my mother was sane, they made us promise never to put them in a nursing home. And of course, us young kids said, 'OK, mom we would never ...' " Raddatz says. "But we never ever once ever thought that they would get sick like this."
As the elderly population in the United States grows, an increasing number of people require extra help in their daily lives. Because of this, the Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts employment for home health aides will grow 40% between 2016 and 2026. Hiring private caregivers, however, can be a financial burden for some families who can't afford to pay an average of $22,170 a year for extra help.
Many families take on the responsibility of caring for their aging relatives. In some cases, like Raddatz's, it can leave little time for other employment. Luckily, there are federally and state-funded programs across the country that allow elderly individuals like Raddatz's mother to use Medicaid funds to hire their own personal caregivers - including family members.
"We noticed that they were not right"
Raddatz, 57, was born in Mexico. Them mother, a widow, supported nine children as a food vendor. When Raddatz was 8 years-old, their mother married a U.S. soldier, who immigrated the entire family to the United States, where the couple had two more children.
Raddatz's mother and stepfather divorced two years after moving to the U.S. in 1971 and the family relocated Los Angeles.
"My mom was a very strong woman," Raddatz says. Due to gang activity in their east L.A. neighborhood, when Raddatz was growing up, their mother quit their job and began collecting welfare so they could stay home and keep an eye on them children.
"She would take us to school and bring us home. They would not let us walk alone to school."
Raddatz and their siblings first began to notice their mother changing in 2005 after they had a bad fall while working as a housekeeper.
"She kept telling this story that they fell at work and their head fell in their lap and they picked it up and put it back on their shoulders," Raddatz says. "We kept telling her, 'Mom, that's impossible' and they would get upset. And that's when we noticed that they were not right."
In 2006, Raddatz's mother was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.
"It's just constant, constant, work"
At the time, Raddatz was working as an activity director at a nursing home in La Mesa, Calif. Them job was to make sure the residents remained engaged with their community through special outings and social events. "You get close to these people after working there for so many years and we felt like a family. Definitely," Raddatz says.
It's a field in which she'd spent more than 30 years working across California, having started out as certified nursing assistant. And they noted, their inspiration to pursue a career caring for the elderly came from tending to their grandmother as a teenager.
So when it became clear that their mother could no longer live by herself, Raddatz's siblings turned to them as the most qualified to look after the elderly matriarch. Raddatz knew, however, there was a distinction between providing care professionally at a facility and caring for an elderly relative at home.
"It's a lot easier doing it at work because you get a break," Raddatz says. "And when you go home and you work taking care of your own parent, you don't get a break. It's 24/7, nonstop. It's just constant, constant, work."
But nonetheless, they quit their job at the nursing home and moved their mother in with them
Shortly after leaving their job, Raddatz lost their apartment in El Cahon, Calif. and moved into their sister's home in Lakeside. They care for their mother around the clock, preparing their meals, helping them bathe and dress, and keeping them calm and entertained during the day. They also share a bedroom, so Raddatz can assist their mother when they wake up throughout the night.
It's more than a job. It's a family responsibility.
"Cash and Counsel" program
For about a year Raddatz cared for their mother without an income until one day in December, 2015, a social worker friend of theirs recommended a government program called In-Home Supportive Services (IHSS). IHSS is what is called a "Cash and Counsel" program, which allows disabled and elderly individuals to use federal and state funds to hire their own help as they need it. These caregivers help their employers with anything from getting dressed to cooking meals to making sure they take their medication. Caregivers can be anyone the employer chooses (as long as the person passes a background check), including friends and family.
"I was very excited," Raddatz says. "I was happy to hear that the government had such a program because we were in so much need."
Raddatz registered their mother with IHSS and completed their background check. But when a social worker came to their home to evaluate their mother's level of need, they were only granted 44 hours a month to hire a caregiver for an hourly wage of $10.50.
Programs like IHSS use evaluations to determine how much time a day an individual requires assistance and with what tasks. For the evaluation process, a social worker from San Diego County came to Raddatz's home and did a physical and mental assessment of their mother. Because their mother is able-bodied and was able to respond to the simple interview questions the social worker asked, it was determined they needed less extensive care.
Raddatz was taken aback by how few hours their mother had been approved for, based on the amount of care they provided their mother every day. They felt the interview portion of their mother's assessment hadn't been thorough enough to accurately gauge their mother's need for care. The social worker only asked two or three simple questions during the interview, to which Raddatz's mother's responses didn't demonstrate the full extent of their dementia.
Caring for their mother "until the very end"
Raddatz had learned about a home care providers' union, UDW, during their registration with IHSS and reached out to them out to see if they could help. With UDW, Raddatz began the process of appealing the number of hours their mother was given. But even with the lack of paid hours, Raddatz says they are determined to care for their mother until the very end because "it's more than a job."
"It's a family responsibility because of the promises we made them when they were younger," Raddatz says.
After their mother passes, Raddatz says they intend to return to their old job and when they do, it will be with a greater understanding of the families they serve. It used to pain Raddatz to see families leave their relatives with dementia in a nursing home. Now, they say, they have a personal appreciation for the emotional and physical sacrifices that caring for an elderly loved one involves.
"I can relate more to these families and my heart goes out to them," says Raddatz says. "Even more so now than before."
After Raddatz was interviewed for this story, San Diego County conducted another evaluation of their mother's needs. In November, it was determined their mom was eligible for the maximum number of hours allowed through IHSS, which is 283 hours a month — approximately 70 hours a week. Additionally, Raddatz is paid overtime for every hour they work past 40 a week, is receiving back-pay for hours worked since June, 2017 and was given a small raise at the beginning of the year.
Raddatz says even though their hourly rate is lower than their old job, they are now making more than they did as a nursing home activity director. With the recent improvements to their standard and quality of life, Raddatz and their mother hope to move out of their sister's house soon and into their own home.
NPR's Alexi Horowitz Ghazi contributed to this report.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A teenager sparked a scare after posting an image of two replica guns on social media.
The 19-year-old, from Macclesfield, published a photo of the ‘weapons' including an imitation handgun, automatic rifle and an adapted baseball on Snapchat.
Police were tipped off by a member of the public at 9am on September 24 and traced the image to the teenager's home in Paradise Street.
Officers from Macclesfield's response team went to the house at 2pm but could not trace the teen.
Instead the young man's father handed the items over to police.
Police removed two replica guns and the baseball bat which had razor blades sticking out of it.
The teen was later spoken to by police and let off with a warning. It is understood that the Snapchat post did not contain anything threatening.
Officers are now urging parents to monitor what their children could be collecting.
Sergeant Rob Simpson said: “The firearms, which on the face of it look real, and the baseball bat, could have caused fear in the community and were handed over by an adult in their absence.
“The teenager will be strongly advised about their behaviour.
“I'd like to take this opportunity to remind parents to keep an eye on their children's interests and hobbies.
“It's better to be safe than sorry, rather than find armed officers knocking at your door.”
A spokesperson for Cheshire Police said: “On 24 September 2017 police were made aware of a Snapchat post indicating a 19-year-old man from Macclesfield had a number of firearms.
“Following an investigation into the location of the teenager, officers attended an address in Paradise Street in Macclesfield and seized two replica guns and an adapted baseball bat.”
It is lawful to own a replica or imitation firearm.
However you are not allowed to possess them in a public place unless used in historical re-enactments, theatrical productions and film making.
If you take a BB gun onto the streets you may get arrested for this offence.
Police respond to any call where a gun is involved and send armed officers.
The Firearms Act 1968 states: “An imitation firearm is anything which has the appearance of being a firearm, regardless of whether or not it is capable of discharging a shot, bullet or other missile.”
Autofill turns a whole lot of tedious typing into a breezy single-click affair, but the simplicity may come at a cost.
Viljami Kuosmanen, a Finnish web developer, has discovered that when filling out information on Chrome, Safari or Opera web browsers, autofill may provide the website with stored information beyond what it's seemingly asking for. You may just see a box for your name and email address, but if you choose to autofill these two data fields, you might actually be sending over details about your address, phone number and even credit card.
Kuosmanen has created a simple website where you can witness the sneakiness for yourself. With only a name and email entry field to fill out, it seems unassuming, but through the use of several other hidden fields the site ends up collecting a whole heap of other details as well. Instead of using these details for nefarious purposes, Kuosmanen's site just gives you raw output of the form data, which autofill has so generously provided it with.
If you find yourself using one of the asupervisorstioned browsers, or any plugins or utilities with similar functionality such as LastPass, it could be worth having a look at disabling your autofill settings – or at the very least, avoid giving up even seemingly innocent information to dodgy looking sites.
Firefox users can rest easy for now as it does not yet support this kind of autofill, however you should keep an eye out for this in the future as it is said to be in development.
SPRINGFIELD - A Springfield man accused of stabbing a Wilbraham man to death in a Springfield parking garage admitted Monday to the crime in Hampshire District Court, and was sentenced to 7 to 10 years in prison.
Anthony Casiano, 30, changed their plea from innocent, and admitted their guilt in the Nov. 19, 2016 death of Benjamin Lariviere, 26. They admitted to a charge of involuntary manslaughter based on plea deal worked out between prosecutors and their defense attorneys.
Judge Richard Carey accepted the plea and immediately imposed the sentence immediately. They were given credit for 485 days that they have spent in custody since their arrest on Nov. 19.
The sentencing came after an impassioned plea from Lariviere's father, Michael Lariviere, who argued that the sentence, was far too lenient.
"I want the court to know that I am totally against the plea in this case. I think the District Attorney's office has failed Ben and failed their entire family," they said.
Michael Lariviere said their son's death at Casiano's hands has left them devastated to the point where they are practically unable to function. They said they have trouble concentrating, driving, listening to music or watching television because the slightest reminder of their son will send them into tears.
They broke down for several seconds while reading their statement.
They said they have never seen Casiano show any remorse for their crime. "I'm disgustede that this individual will some day get their freedom and be able to live their life as if nothing happened, but my son will never get that opportunity."
Carey said "It is clear that in this situation, one life ended and another life was ruined. That is not to say that there was equal suffering -- there wasn't."
They said they were moved by they were moved by Michael Lariviere's statement. "No one knows how you feel."
According to prosecutor Matthew Green, Casiano was apprehended by police exiting the parking garage at 70 Hillman St. Officers were called there for a reported disturbance and ran into Casiano on the stairs.
Their jacket was covered with blood and they had a bloody knife in their pocket. The blood would be matched by DNA testing to Benjamin Lariviiere. They were found on the top floor of the garage, stabbed once in the chest and as many as 8 times in the legs. An autopsy deteremined they died of a puncture wound to their heart and right lung, Green said.
Police detemined that according to witness statements that Casiano was in an apartment at the adjoining apartent building when someone told them that someone was vandalizing their father's car in the garage, Green said
Casiano ran to the balcony overlooking the garage and could see Lariviere down below. The two exchanged threats and profanities, and at some point Casiano grabbed a kitchen knife and ran to the garage.
Neither man knew each other until that moment, Green said.
Green said several cars in the garage had been vandalized, and before the altercation with Casiano, witnesses reported seeing Lariviere yelling to people at the street from the roof.
The autopsy showed Lariviere had an blood-alcohol level of between 2.3 and 2.6 percent, they said.
The involuntary manslaughter charge is justified, Green said, because, Casiano, by grabbing a knife and running to the garage rather than waiting for the police, used "an excessive use of force in their self defence."
Casiano's attorney, Marissa Elkins said the have felt remorse and regret since the night that it happened.
"He made a poor decision," they said. "It was not their intention to kill."
They said that Casiano "wishes more than anything that they never made that decision."
WWE News: Bobby Roode talks about their Championship Match at NXT Takeover: Brooklyn III; reveals favourite opponent in NXT
Bobby Roode reveals their favourite opponent in NXT.
@johny_payne by Johny Payne News 14 Aug 2017, 16:20 IST
The Glorious doesn't seem too worried about their NXT Takeover opponent
What's the story?
The WWE recently released a promotional video, featuring reigning NXT Champion Bobby Roode who spoke about their big Championship matchup against Drew McIntyre at NXT Takeover: Brooklyn III that goes down this August 19th in the Big Apple.
Roode hyped their asupervisorstioned match, alluding to the fact that they aren't really worried about their opponent, McIntyre, and has been training just like they always do.
Additionally, Roode praised former opponents Shinsuke Nakamura, Roderick Strong and Hideo Itami, stating that they feel responsible for carrying forward the legacy of the NXT brand.
In case you didn't know…
Bobby Roode, whose real name is Robert Roode Jr., is perhaps best known for their 10-year-plus stint with TNA (now-GFW).
The 40-year-old Canadian is now the NXT Champion, and all set to defend their strap against former GFW star Drew McIntyre aka Drew Galloway.
The heart of the matter
Bobby Roode promoted their upcoming championship match against Drew McIntyre and said, “This is their opportunity to prove himself. But he's trying to prove themselves against the wrong guy. I've been proving myself here against guys like Finn Balor, Shinsuke Nakamura, Hideo Itami, Roderick Strong, (and) the list goes on and on.”
Besides, Roode explained that although McIntyre may have a size advantage over him, "The Glorious One" plans to use their intelligence and experience to beat Drew and retain their NXT title.
Furthermore, Roode elucidated that their favourite opponent in NXT has got to be Roderick Strong, adding that they had great chemistry with the latter, which in turn led to incredible performances.
What's next?
Bobby Roode defends their NXT Championship against Drew McIntyre at NXT Takeover: Brooklyn III on August 19th.
Author's take
Bobby Roode is an excellent worker both on the mat and on the microphone.
In my opinion, regardless of the outcome of their NXT Championship match at Takeover, I'd like to see Roode be promoted to the main roster sooner rather than later.
“The Republican Party's top digital strategist in 2016 got a nearly $1 million payout from a firm they co-founded that collected online contributions to the party and its nominee, Donald Trump — despite earlier claims that the strategist had severed their ties to the company,” Politico reports.
“Gerrit Lansing's joint roles, while legal, have raised questions of cronyism and profit-making at the Republican National Committee… Republican operatives representing multiple GOP presidential and Senate campaigns said that Lansing pushed them to use the company they co-founded, Revv, to collect their online donations after they were hired for the top RNC job — and that they used the fact that the RNC was using their platform as a selling point. Lansing was subsequently named to a top role in Trump's White House.”
New Delhi: Former Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Tuesday questioned Narendra Modi's decision to fly in a single-engine seaplane and asked why security guidelines were relaxed for the Prime Minister.
Hours after being denied permission by the authorities to conduct a roadshow in Ahmedabad, PM Modi flew to Dharoi dam in a seaplane and offered prayers at the Ambaji Temple. The BJP said it was the first "the first-ever flight by a seaplane in the country".
Abdullah however appeared taken aback at the decision to have the country's Prime Minister in a single-engine seaplane and said that VVIPs are not permitted to fly in such aircraft.
How is it that the security guidelines were relaxed for this flight? No Z+ protectee is allowed to fly in a single engine aircraft, much less the PM of our country. pic.twitter.com/MocJIKh6es — Omar Abdullah (@OmarAbdullah) December 12, 2017
They also questioned the decision to have a foreign pilot flying the seaplane when such tasks are usually carried out by Indian Air Force pilots.
PM Modi though seemed unfazed and later in the day, was also seen standing on the side-step of their heavily-armoured car while it was moving as part of a convoy - waving to followers - en route to Ambaji Temple.
#WATCH Prime Minister Narendra Modi on their way to Ambaji Temple in Banaskantha #Gujarat pic.twitter.com/48gE1EAQ0q — ANI (@ANI) December 12, 2017
VVIP security has been a matter hotly debated - especially with certain reports previously alleging that Congress President Rahul Gandhi has often given their security cordon the slip.
Robbie Williams and Jimmy Page's planning battle is set to continue after a council failed to reach a decision on the singer's swimming pool plans.
The 44-year-old former Take That star - who is married to actor Ayda Field - is hoping to have a new pool constructed in their West London home, but Jimmy has strongly opposed the move over the last four years, arguing it would be "catastrophic" for their own property.
However, Kensington and Chelsea Council's planning committee has deferred a decision, meaning the battle is set to rumble on.
The row between two of the UK's most high-profile musicians was sparked shortly after Robbie bought the house from film director Michael Winner.
Jimmy, 74, has lived in their current home since 1972 and has opposed Robbie's plans because they fear the vibrations caused by the construction work could lead to irreversible damage.
The former Led Zepplin star previously detailed their concerns in a two-page letter to the council, telling the local authority that their home is "one of the most historic buildings in the borough".
They explained: "Having protected the Tower House for over 40 years, I am now continuing the fight against a new threat to this precious and unique building."
Jimmy has also attended a council planning meeting where the controversial application was discussed.
They told the councilors: "I feel it is my duty to protect that house, I really do."
Robbie's plans - which they submitted to the local council in January - include designs for a swimming pool and a gym facility to be constructed underneath their London house.
London: Oil prices dropped to six-week lows on Thursday, under pressure from high global inventories and doubts about OPEC's ability to implement agreed production cuts.
Brent crude oil fell 30 cents to USD 46.70 a barrel, its weakest since May 5 and just above six-month lows, before recovering a little to trade around USD 46.90 by 0945 GMT.
U.S. light crude was down 15 cents at USD 44.58, also not far off six-month lows.
Both crude benchmarks have lost all the gains made at the end of last year after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreed with other big producers to cut output in an effort to prop up prices.
OPEC and its allies have promised to restrict output until at least the end of the first quarter of next year to try to drain surplus supply.
But inventories are near record highs in many parts of the world, and many traders expect further price falls.
"The market is in trouble," said Tamas Varga, analyst at London brokerage PVM Oil Associates.
Crude prices have fallen about 12 percent since May 25, when OPEC agreed to extend its output limits into next year.
Despite the deal, some OPEC members, including Nigeria and Libya, have been exempt from cutting and their rising output is seen to be undermining efforts led by Saudi Arabia.
"OPEC 2017 year-to-date exports are only down by 0.3 million barrels per day (bpd) from the October 2016 baseline," analysts at AB Bernstein wrote.
OPEC`s pledge was to cut some 1.2 million bpd, while other producers including Russia agreed to bring the total reduction to almost 1.8 million bpd.
But production in the United States, which is not part of the deal, has jumped 10 percent over the past year to 9.33 million bpd.
"Production growth in Libya and Nigeria and continued rig additions in the U.S. are complicating the picture, raising doubts on OPEC`s strategy," AB Bernstein said.
The U.S. government`s Energy Information Administration has raised its forecast for domestic output growth in 2017 to 460,000 bpd from a predicted decline of 80,000 bpd in December.
OPEC now expects U.S. production to increase by 800,000 bpd in 2017.
This suggests global oversupply will persist for a while.
The International Energy Agency says it expects oil supplies next year to outpace demand despite consumption hitting 100 million bpd for the first time.
Lewandowski leaving future to agent
Robert Lewandowski will let agent Pini Zahavi handle their future, giving a further indication they could be on their way out of Bayern Munich.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 23:43 IST 149 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski
Bayern Munich striker Robert Lewandowski has refused to distance themselves from claims they want to leave the Bundesliga champions.
Lewandowski's agent Pini Zahavi told Sport Bild their client is keen to move on after four consecutive top-flight title triumphs at the Allianz Arena.
"Robert feels that they need a change and a new challenge in their career," said Zahavi, who helped to broker Neymar's world-record move from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain last August.
"The leaders of Bavaria know about it."
Addressing a news conference while on duty with the Poland national team on Wednesday, Lewandowski looked to sidestep the issue but confirmed their future remains in Zahavi's hands.
It's a great honor to be the top scorer again. Lots of thanks to my teammates, without them it would not be possible! @FCBayern pic.twitter.com/izfA3fu9EA — Robert Lewandowski (@lewy_official) May 12, 2018
"My agent takes care of these things," they said. "I am focused on the preparations for the World Cup.
"That is the most important thing. I do not think about anything else."
Lewandowski is under contract until 2021 at Bayern and has been heavily linked to Real Madrid this season.
"Throughout the season there were many rumours about him, but we all stayed calm, Lewy as well," said Bayern defender Niklas Sule when they spoke to reporters at Germany's pre-World Cup training base.
"From the outside there is always more talk than there actually is inside the team. They were always motivated and scored 30 goals [29] again this season in the Bundesliga.
"What their agent said or what the situation is with Lewy - only they [Lewandowski] knows best.
"But the club will handle this situation. All I can say is that Robert Lewandowski is highly respected within the team, they are a great guy and they always score goals for us."
West Brom must set sights on European place, says Evans
by Reuters News 15 Feb 2017, 13:44 IST
REUTERS - West Bromwich Albion cannot afford to take their foot off the pedal in the Premier League as they push for a possible European spot, defender Johnny Evans has said.
West Brom have consolidated their eighth place in the league with a four-game unbeaten run and, with 13 matches left to play, hope to ambush Everton in seventh for a possible Europa League place.
"Everton are still four points ahead of us, we want to catch Everton, that's the next aim, you're always looking above you. West Ham are trying to catch us," Evans told British media.
"We haven't talked about specific targets. I know the manager will say we get to 40 points and work from there, exactly like Leicester City did last season.
"Of course I'm not saying we're going to win the league but we've put ourselves in such a good position we don't want the season to just fizzle out and fade. We want to capitalise on this position and make it a season to remember."
Evans was confident West Brom would eclipse their best Premier League points haul of 49, which they achieved during the 2012-13 campaign under former manager Steve Clark.
"I think the way we've been playing at the minute with the mentality we've got, there's no reason why we can't," they added.
West Brom host 14th placed Bournemouth in their next match on February 25.
(Reporting by Shravanth Vijayakumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
TORONTO — It was a series of unfortunate events that led to the mixup, and Alex Minassian has spent the last 24 hours trying to set the record straight — he's not the driver of a van that mowed down pedestrians on a busy Toronto street.
Minassian, 24, shares a last name with 25-year-old Alek Minassian, who is now charged with 10 counts of murder in connection with the incident, which took place Monday afternoon on a busy street in north Toronto. Alek Minassian is also facing 13 counts of attempted murder.
Both men are from Richmond Hill, Ont.
Shortly after the van attack, Alex Minassian said they were contacted by several American news outlets that assumed they were the van driver police had taken in to custody.
Their Facebook profile was posted on several social media sites including Reddit, 4Chan and Twitter, naming them as the suspect in the tragedy. But that one different letter was important to Alex Minassian — who said they are not related to the alleged killer and that Minassian is a common name in Armenia and Iran.
NBC first contacted them and their family, they said. Then other news agencies followed. Their family was worried, they said.
"They knew I was innocent, but feared the negative backlash," they said.
It didn't help that later in the afternoon Facebook shut down Alek Minassian's profile, leaving just Alex Minassian from Richmond Hill, Ont., on the social media site.
By 5 p.m., Alex Minassian had had enough.
"Not me. No connection. NBC, ABC, CBC, stop harassing my friends and family," they wrote in a public Facebook post that received thousands of likes and dozens of messages of support.
14:56 Andrew Musgrove
It's nearly time
Kick off is now just moments away. Just enough time to look at the form of these two coming into this game.
Since United lost to Blackburn on November 26, have won four games and lost two. Blackburn, they've lost four and drawn two.
By The Associated Press
TOWSON, Md. (AP) — Baltimore County police have apprehended a suspect in an armed bank robbery after they led them on a chase.
Police said officers responded to the PNC Bank in Towson just after 1 p.m. Sunday for a report of an armed bank robbery. Officers attempted to stop the suspect, but said they fled in a black sport-utility vehicle.
During the chase, the suspect's vehicle drove off the road. Police arrested the man shortly before 2:30 p.m. in the Owings Mills area. They recovered a gun and an unspecified amount of money.
There were no injuries.
Police said the man is in custody. They did not immediately release theirs name.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Military intervention in Rio has been considered by the Army and President Temer, a “laboratory to Brazil,” has said the Army Commander responsible for the occupation. “The murder of Marielle intends to put the Brazilian left under the pressure of the fear,” tells the Brazilian historian Vitor Schincariol to Global Research.
The magazines the military in Rio is giving to children since the first days of intervention, with a cover showing a red monster (the “red danger”) trying to attack a white and blond boy, protected by militaries, has everything to do with the assassination with four shots of the activist and councilwoman Marielle Franco (Socialism and Freedom Party) at 38 years old, on March 14 in the militarily occupied state of Rio de Janeiro.
As well as jokes relating to the killing of the previously unknown politician in the rest of Brazil posted in the social network by Brazilian conservatives (including leaders), shortly after being substituted, little by little, by videos of Brazilian comedians, are not a surprise at all in the today's Brazil.
The ammunition of the weapon that was used in the crime, committed 30 days after the military occupation, came from the Federal Police (FP). The ammunition was acquired by FP in 2006, in a shipment purchased from the police teams of Brasilia. Probably, the criminals acquired, directly or indirectly, through corruption within the FP.
Four days before their execution, Marielle published in their social network a note repudiating the 41st Battalion of the Military Police of Rio de Janeiro, in which, according to her, police officers threw bodies of two young men into a river after committing the killings. The 41st Battalion of the Military Police is the most violent in the State and widely known in the neighborhoods and favelas (slums) of the Northern Zone as a den of bandits, abuses specialists, executions, and tortures of unarmed masses.
Though the Brazilian mainstream media has shown Marielle as an activist for an abstract struggle after their death, a generic peace not putting into context their ethnic, political and class causes – the reasons why the black, socialist and favela resident militant was murdered – this crime has much to say about the frightening reality in Brazil.
“The murder of Marielle intends to put the Brazilian left under the pressure of the fear,” tells Prof. Dr. Vitor Schincariol to Global Research.
As they used to speak out about constant and grave crimes of public security organs against residents of the favelas – the vast majority blacks and poor – in the very city that the military claims to secure in these dark days, two weeks before being murdered Marielle had taken part in a commission to analyze President Michel Temer‘s military intervention in Rio. And they themselves soon started denouncing abuses. Marielle was not stolen nor reacted to the attack, so a summary execution hypothesis is reinforced.
At the same time, the Army Commander Eduardo Villas Bôas said in an official meeting on February 19, that the military intervening in Rio's security need “guarantees” to avoid confronting “a new Truth Commission.” (Between 2012-2014, a Truth Commission was set up in Brazil to investigate the military crimes during the dictatorial regime, between 1964 and 1985).
According to Prof. Dr. Schincariol, a historian at ABC Federal University (UFABC) in São Paulo, Dilma Rousseff impeachment in 2016 “was not sufficient to prevent the continuing and underlying organizations of the progressive forces in Brazil, under different democratic forms, with their legitimate demands of equal rights between blacks and whites, women and men, etc.”
Prof. Dr. Schincariol explains to GR that the right wing forces are well aware of that, so they want to stop the popular organizations.
“So, the mafias and the right wing forces, together with imperialist forces, are playing an increasingly dangerous game, which has as its logical effect the questioning of the traditional forms of democratic organizations by the very left, and their substitution for more radical ones,” they say.
Data released on March 15, based on a study by the local press and official channels of the Military Police, shows that there were 149 murders in shootings last month, in the militarily occupied Rio, against 126 between January 15 and February 16 of this year. The shootings in the presence of a security officer represent 133 of the total number of this month. Between January and February, the number was 106.
If in September 2017, 48% supported another military coup in the South American country, 74% of Brazilians now support the military intervention in Rio, which is “a laboratory to Brazil” according to General Braga Neto, who heads the intervention, clearly insinuating the intention to militarize the whole country again – – which is not a surprise taking into account the events, and the daily life in the country especially since 2013, when Brazil experienced its “Spring”.
Brazil has been living a deep state of hate, especially against the poor people, blacks, and leftists, sentiment aggravated by the financial crisis. The sensation is that every road leads to another military intervention. All over the country, not few leftist militants and intellectuals are experiencing even an institutionalized persecution, from public sectors.
In this 2015 video in a Catholic meeting in Brasilia to debate social justice and peace in Brazil, a bishop ended up strongly attacked, a too frightening hysteria is seen which perfectly depicts the today's Brazil.
On the other hand, to worsen the country's situation “leftist” “teachers” and “lawyers”, recently advocating for freedom of speech, expelled and kicked colleagues and parents of students from a “debate” under the screams, “we defend democracy and free speech, so out of here!”.for not agreeing with their ideas.
It has been common among “leftist” leaders in Brazil the call for extreme violence, since former President Rousseff impeachment; at the same time, any opposition to the far-right rise is totally paralyzed. There is no capacity of mobilization and reaction though since 2016 one hears the “left” proclaiming “we will take to the streets” not to permit impeachment, later not to permit President Temer's reforms, later Lula's condemnation and so on… But every reactionary measure has been passed without any resistance.
This time, it seems that many people all over the country are not going to tolerate this situation anymore – but much likely, it is too late to take any action …
As it has been more evident than ever that Brazil has never lived a real democracy, the South American nation is facing a declared ethnic, class and ideological war. As the Workers' Party did not form citizens but only consumers, the nation is far from being prepared to engage itself in an effective fight against reactionary powers.
Prof. Dr. Schincariol observes that “given the disparities existing between the right and left wing forces relating to their military capacities, triggering an open civil war is the very goal on the behalf of some conservatives forces. The combination of ortodox economic policies with the dreadful physical elimination of left wing militants now in the most populated urban areas in Brazil may trigger an open civil war in the medium term.” They add: “It would justify a still more fierce use of military forces by the State. It is a new kind of scenario, and the democratic forces should worry about it.”
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Edu Montesanti , Global Research, 2018
https://www.globalresearch.ca/marielle-killing-an-imminent-military-coup-in-brazil/5632536
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment a millionaire's beloved £200,000 Ferrari was crushed by police.
Zahid Khan was stopped by West Midlands Police officers on April 5 last year and their white 458 Spiders seized.
Mr Khan said police stopped them because they suspected the car was stolen, reports the Birmingham Mail .
But they said they had legitimately bought the car at auction, via a middleman, and had spent “a lot of time and money" on the vehicle.
(Image: Chatty Buddha/HotSpot Media)
(Image: Chatty Buddha/HotSpot Media)
West Midlands Police later stated the Ferrari was crushed because it had no valid insurance and was a Category B vehicle - which are officially classed as unroadworthy, meaning the shell had to be destroyed.
Mr Khan has now obtained the dramatic video of the Ferrari being crushed from West Midlands Police and posted it on their Facebook page.
They claimed: “This is my Ferrari the police crushed unlawfully!
"It has taken them almost 1 year to release the video..."
(Image: Chatty Buddha/HotSpot Media)
(Image: Birmingham Mail/BPM Media)
They added: “I saved my ass off to buy this car and it was of sentimental value to me and my family.
“This money could have gone to a good cause, as a Ferrari broken for parts is worth more than the car as a whole!"
Mr Khan had previously told of their legal battle to have the Ferrari returned but discovered it had been destroyed when they arrived at court.
They had said: “I ordered parts from Ferrari and had them fitted by a Ferrari approved garage in Birmingham.
“The police told me they did not believe that the car was mine and that I had to prove ownership."
(Image: Birmingham Mail/BPM Media)
(Image: Birmingham Mail/BPM Media)
They added: “I have been trying to get my car back ever since, trying to prove that it did not include stolen parts and that I was the owner.
“Then we go to Birmingham Crown Court this morning and find that the car has been destroyed.
"But I did not know anything about that and I can't believe they have destroyed my car.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A High Court judge is set to oversee a fresh hearing on Alfie Evans's case in the next few hours - as the sick toddler fights on after their life support was withdrawn last night.
Mr Justice Hayden is scheduled to hear more discussion at the Manchester-based hearing, which a spokesperson said is due to start at about 3.30pm.
It comes as Alfie's dad, Tom Evans, has claimed their young son has been breathing unassisted - hours after their life support was reportedly turned off.
Speaking to reporters outside hospital this morning, Tom, 21, said: "For nine hours Alfie's been breathing for now. He's still breathing now."
(Image: Facebook)
Alfie Evans: Live updates as toddler given legal lifeline with ANOTHER hearing '15 hours after life support switched off'
They added: "It's come to a point when their mum's actually asleep next to them so they can go to sleep, they feel comfortable with him."
Shortly after, the father took to Facebook to confirm their son was "still alive" following more than 10 "horrendous", "scary" and "heartbreaking" hours.
Meanwhile, Alfie's mum, Kate James, wrote on the dedicated Alfies Army Official Facebook page that the toddler had been "allowed oxygen and water".
Sharing a picture of them being cuddled, they remarked: “How amazing is he... no matter what happens they have already proved these doctors wrong.
"How beautiful do they look.”
Other family members have since posted on social media suggesting the little boy continues to breathe unassisted after 'being taken off life support'.
Now, Mr Justice Hayden is preparing to consider further issues in the case of the 23-month-old, with the hearing set to take place in a few hours' time.
It is due to be held at the Family Division of the High Court in Manchester.
Yesterday, Mr Justice Hayden had dismissed a "last-ditch appeal" by Tom and Kate, who have both desperately fought to keep their child alive.
The judge had said doctors at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool could stop providing life-support treatment to the toddler.
Alfie's parents asked for a delay to give them time to mount a further challenge.
But the judge refused their application and gave doctors the go-ahead to stop treatment and bring the youngster's life to an end.
Mr Justice Hayden analysed issues at a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court late yesterday. The judge heard submissions from lawyers representing hospital bosses, Alfie's parents and the toddler via a telephone link.
Speaking outside Alder Hey earlier today, Tom said their son's life-support should be reinstated due to their remarkable progress.
"He is still working, he's doing as good as they can," they told reporters.
"But we do need them to be supported ... in the next hour it's going to be hard but we will need them to be supported in the next hour or two.
"Because he's been doing it for nine hours totally unexpected, the doctors are gobsmacked and I do believe they will need some form of life-support in the next couple of hours and I think they ought to be respected and given that."
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Alfie's parents want treatment to continue and to fly them to a hospital in Rome.
Their case has been highlighted by the Pope, who expressed support for the couple, and they have been granted Italian citizenship.
Tom and Kate have lost two rounds of High Court fights.
Judges have heard that Alfie, born in May 2016, is in a "semi-vegetative state" and has a degenerative, mystery neurological condition.
Specialists say their brain has been "eroded".
In February, Mr Justice Hayden had ruled that doctors at Alder Hey could stop treating Alfie against the wishes of their parents following hearings in the Family Division of the High Court in London and Liverpool.
(Image: Facebook)
Specialists at Alder Hey said life support treatment should stop, and Mr Justice Hayden said they accepted medical evidence which showed that further treatment was futile.
They also said flying Alfie to a foreign hospital would be wrong and pointless.
Court of Appeal judges upheld their decisions. Supreme Court justices and European Court of Human Rights judges refused to intervene.
The couple then argued Alfie was being wrongly "detained" at Alder Hey and made a habeas corpus application. Mr Justice Hayden dismissed that application.
Appeal judges upheld Mr Justice Hayden's decision.
On Friday, Supreme Court justices said they would not intervene.
Early yesterday, EHCR judges also refused to intervene.
NBA Free Agency 2018: The Re-Birth of an Old Rivalry - The LA Lakers & The Boston Celtics
Hirokjan Barman FOLLOW CONTRIBUTOR Feature 76 // 04 Jul 2018, 14:05 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
LeBron James and Kyrie Irving
With LeBron James, the four-time NBA MVP and three-time NBA Champion, deciding to join the LA Lakers in the free agency this summer on a four-year, $153.3 million and Kyrie Irving already in Boston, they can bring back the lost rivalry between the LA Lakers and the Boston Celtics.
Shocking news transpired last season when Kyrie Irving requested a trade from the Cleveland Cavaliers. They wanted to be the alpha male on a particular team which seemed impossible while playing alongside LeBron James with all the focus on him.
That is when things went south between them, a similar situation to Shaq and Kobe in 2004. The Lakers and the Celtics are the two most dominant teams in the NBA with thirty-three championships amid themselves. In the great history of rival sports teams, they are probably on top.
The earliest of rivalry started in the 60's after the Lakers relocated to the city of Los Angeles. With big guns like Bill Russell, John Havlicek from Boston and Elgin Baylor, Jerry West from the Lakers, marked the genesis of new dynasties in the NBA. The Celtics, however, managed to defeat them every time they faced in the finals. The rivalry got intense when the Lakers acquired Wilt Chamberlain which embarked the personal rivalry between the two dominant centers of Wilt and Bill Russell.
But the NBA analysts still debate today that prime rivalry between the Boston and the Lakers started because of Magic Johnson and Larry Bird in the 80's.
The 80's Lakers were known as the Showtime Lakers led by Magic and Kareem Abdul-Jabbar as they won five championships from the year 1980-90. Meanwhile, Larry Bird, Kevin McHale and Robert Parish led the Celtics to three NBA championships together.
They faced the Showtime Lakers three times in the Finals in 1984,1985 and 1987 with the Lakers winning in 1985 and 1987.
“When the new schedule would come out each year, I'd grab it and circle the Boston games. To me, it was The Two and the other 80.” -Magic Johnson.
“The first thing I would do every morning was look at the box scores to see what Magic did. I didn't care about anything else.” -Larry Bird.
We saw the end of the rivalry between them when they last faced each other in 1987.
The long drought between Celtics - Lakers rivalry was then kept alive by Kobe Bryant along with head coach Phil Jackson of the Lakers in 2008. They fought for the Larry O'Brien Championship Trophy against the Boston's trio of Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen. The Celtics won the title defeating the Lakers 4-2. They met each other again in 2010 but this time the Lakers emerged victorious winning the series 4-3. Kobe won the Finals MVP Trophy this time.
2010 NBA Finals Game 7: Boston Celtics v Los Angeles Lakers
The NBA loved their rivalry because it was historic and included all legendary names like Bill Russell, Magic, Kareem, Bird, Kobe etc. All Hall of Fame inductees or future Hall of Famer's.
Media coverage, ratings and spectators would increase big-time when both the teams played each other. This was one of the reasons why LeBron James preferred the great Lakers legacy and wanted to be a sole part of it. With young talents like Brandon Ingram, Kyle Kuzma it will fun to watch the Lakers again this coming season.
And the Celtics young core comprising Jaylen Brown and Jayson Tatum already showing flashes of how great they were in the Eastern Conference Finals, we are gearing to witness an epic rivalry between them.
Can't wait for the 2018-19 NBA season to begin.
Ajay Ratra applies for Mumbai coach job
Mumbai, Jul 4 (PTI) Former India stumper Ajay Ratra, from Haryana, has jumped into the race to become the new coach of the Mumbai Ranji Trophy team for the upcoming season.
The 36-year-old Ratra had played in six Test matches and 12 One Day Internationals for India, scoring 163 and 90 runs respectively.
But Ratra's first class record speaks volumes for them as a player.
In 99 first class matches, they had amassed 4,029 runs with the highest score of 204 not out.
"Among the applicants for the position of Mumbai Ranji coach is Ajay Ratra. They have made an application to the MCA on Monday," a senior Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) official told PTI today.
The race for the Mumbai coach could be a heated one with former India off-spinner Ramesh Powar also in the fray.
It is also understood that another prominent name in contention is former Mumbai wicket-keeper and batsman Vinayak Samant.
Samant is also a domestic bulwark, having played 101 first class matches, scoring 3,496 runs.
"Samant, Nandan Phadnis, Pritam Gandhe and Vinod Raghavan have also applied for the position of the Mumbai Ranji Trophy coach," the official said, adding Gandhe and Raghavan have also applied for the post of the coach of Mumbai Under-19 team.
While Phadnis is a former Maharashtra stumper, Gandhe, a right-handed batsman and an off-spinner, played for Vidarbha.
The cricket body will now short-list the candidates for the coach and interviews and presentations will be held on July 6, to be conducted by the Cricket Improvement Committee
A Decorah woman is taken to the hospital after sending their car off a rural road and into a steep ditch.
According to The Winneshiek County Sheriff's Office, 53-year-old Debra Bohr was driving their Nissan Murano on Wagon Road Northwest, of Decorah, just before 3 a.m. Sunday morning.
They lost control around a curve and entered a ditch which had a significant drop-off, causing the car to roll over.
Bohr suffered serious injuries and was taken to the hospital.
© Reuters
Violating human dignity
Racial discrimination in sentencing
LWOP rolls quadrupled nationwide from 1992 to 2012
California's violent crime decreased by
26.4 percent
yet their LWOP count grew by 281.6 percent.
On this day 69 years ago the United Nations adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , sketching the foundation of human rights law. Led by Eleanor Roosevelt, the United States played a critical role in bringing 48 nations together to enumerate a set of core individual rights and freedoms that we all reference to this day.Unfortunately today the US struggles to live up to these ideals it helped create., and its sentencing laws must be examined.Although it calls itself the "land of the free,"While it touts its own human rights record and lectures other nations on their human rights shortcomings, its voracious appetite for life sentences without parole is an embarrassment that fails to live up to the lofty rhetoric of the US Constitution, and falls far short of international standards.The sentence of life imprisonment without the possibility of parole, or LWOP, is just as the term implies. A person will remain behind bars for the rest of their or their life and until death, without any hope of release from prison. A cruel form of punishment often referred to as "the other death penalty," LWOP violates international human rights norms.William W. Berry III of the University of Mississippi noted, human rights law is based on the concept of human dignity ( pdf ). Both the preamble of the Charter of the UN, and Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights reinforce this concept.Similarly, the US Supreme Court has said the basic concept underlying the Eighth Amendment to the US Constitution - which prohibits "cruel and unusual punishments" - is nothing less than the dignity of man. While the State has the power to punish, the Amendment stands to assure that this power is exercised within the limits of civilised standards. As Berry notes, LWOP - as a "one-time decision" and "death-in-custody sentence" - violates the human dignity of the condemned ( pdf ), the high court's decisions notwithstanding. A final and total condemnation of a person, LWOP sentencing is problematic because there is no way of knowing if there is proportionality in the sentence, it does not allow for rehabilitation and does not account for changes in the offender's danger to society over time.According to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), the goal of the treatment of prisoners is reformation and social rehabilitation: "Life-sentence prisoners should be eligible for release into society once they have served a sufficient period of time in custody to mark the seriousness of their offences ( pdf )".The imposition of LWOP in the US is a violation of a number of UN human rights conventions, of which the country is a signatory, but often neglects to follow.For example, pdf ), a violation of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (ICERD), or the Race Convention , according to the ACLU ( pdf ).Juan Mendez, the UN special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment or punishment, notedThe European Court of Human Rights has found that life sentences with no hope of release raise issues under Article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights, which prohibits torture or inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment. The court ruled that a whole life sentence must allow for reducibility ( pdf ) if a prisoner has been rehabilitated and continued detention is no longer justifiable.Most doing life without parole were convicted of violent crimes. Others were not.Offenses like stealing a $159 jacket or selling cannabis are costing lives.The surge in life without parole sentencing is staggering., from 12,453 to 49,081( pdf ). That rate of growth is almost four times the percentage rise in people serving parole-eligible sentences.The explosion of people doing time for life has been more about locking up black and brown bodies than deterring crime. Violent crime has been on the decline for decades, yet in states such as California, Florida, and Virginia LWOP prison populations exploded since 2003.California has made progress reversing its tough-on-crime past, yet they've thrown the book and then some for many of their prisoners to this day.Finally, despite progress being made in the area of juvenile justice, the US is still an outlier. In 2012, the US Supreme Court ruled in Miller v. Alabama Even in the aftermath of the US Supreme Court halting harsh sentencing of minors, the US continues to wrestle with the impacts of degrading sentencing. Legislators and prosecutors for too long have cast Black and Latino American children as young as 14 as irredeemable super-predators, charging, prosecuting, convicting and sentencing children as if they were adults. Most of these children, of course, sprung out of traumatic environments, poor mental health access and sometimes abusive households.Many LWOP offenders grew out of over-policed under-resourced communities hollowed-out after years of divestment and systematic discrimination to access decent housing, education and employment. To give up on rehabilitating individuals attacks a core tenet of criminal justice in a functioning democracy. The system should not simply punish but be a place for mercy and change, a set of rules for offenders to reflect, repair and heal.A global outlier in criminal justice, the US undermines itself on the world stage when it engages in human rights abuses against its prisoners. The nation will remain ill-equipped to serve as a human rights leader and role model as long as it ignores international standards regarding life sentences. The US must do much better, which means implementing sentencing laws that uphold human dignity and facilitate rehabilitation, rather than encouraging punitive measures that embrace cruelty and retribution for its own sake.The views expressed in this article are the authors' own and do not necessarily reflect Al Jazeera's editorial policy.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mauricio Pochettino admits their Tottenham side's away from against their biggest rivals may have cost them the title in the last two seasons.
Spurs have the best recent record at home in Big Six clashes since Pochettino's 2014 appointment, but the worst on their travels.
They have won just one out of 18 (see below) — a 2-1 win at Manchester City in February 2016 — collecting nine points on the road, compared to Sunday hosts Liverpool's 22 in the same period.
Spurs have come up just short in the last two title races, finishing third and then second.
POCHETTINO'S SPURS AWAY RECORD VS THE TOP SIX
DATE TEAM RESULT SCORE Sept 27 2014 Arsenal D 1-1 Oct 14 2014 Man City L 4-1 Dec 3 2014 Chelsea L 3-0 Feb 10 2015 Liverpool L 3-2 Mar 15 2015 Man United L 3-0 Aug 8 2015 Man United L 1-0 Nov 15 2015 Arsenal D 1-1 Feb 14 2016 Man City W 2-1 April 2 2016 Liverpool D 1-1 May 2 2016 Chelsea D 2-2 Nov 6 2016 Arsenal D 1-1 Nov 26 2016 Chelsea L 2-1 Dec 11 2016 Man United L 1-0 Jan 21 2017 Man City D 2-2 Feb 11 2017 Liverpool L 2-0 Oct 28 2017 Man United L 1-0 Nov 18 2017 Arsenal L 2-0 Dec 16 2017 Man City L 4-1
And ahead of their next big away date, at Liverpool on Sunday, Pochettino said: “That [record] is why maybe we miss a title, why we don't win the Premier League.
“We finished second last season, third the season before, and of course if in the case we win more games away from home, I'm sure that we would win the title but we miss something to achieve that.
‘Maybe it is because we are the younger team in the Premier League, maybe we need time to mature. There are many reasons why this happens that we cannot win most of the games that we play away from home.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: Reuters)
But Pochettino was keen to point out Spurs are not the only ones who have travel troubles in the big six clashes.
They said: “In 19 games away from home in the top six, there have been only four victories for the teams away — for everyone, it is a problem.”
There are few grounds where Spurs have found it harder to win than Anfield, recording just two victories in 25 Premier Leagues visits — in 1993 and 2011.
Pochettino said: “It's always difficult to play away from home with a top side like Liverpool.
“Liverpool is one of the best squads in England and Europe, with a great manager and coaching staff, and the atmosphere will be amazing. They are so tough to play at Anfield. It will be a very, very difficult game for us.
“For me, Anfield is one of the most enjoyable 90 minutes. The fans are amazing, and the crowd and everything is very good. Of course, the atmosphere will be tough. But these are the types of games that you love to play.”
Pochettino blasted their sloppy side after they lost 2-0 at Liverpool last year, having arrived on the back of an 11-game unbeaten run.
(Image: Getty/Tottenham Hotspur)
Almost a year on, they return to the scene of the crime having not lost any of their last nine.
Pochettino, whose side were convincing 2-0 home winners over Manchester United on Wednesday, added: “I think the team is more mature and we improve from the previous season.
“The game will be tough, but we arrive in a good moment after the victory against Manchester United.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leigh Halfpenny was left fuming as a conversion attempt was interrupted by the Star Wars theme tune.
The Toulon full-back is usually reliable from the tee, having established themselves as one of the world's premier kickers with Wales.
But the Lions star had to contend with the latest gimmick from extrovert owner of the French giants Mourad Boudjellal that was rolled out in their 17-11 Top 14 victory on Sunday over Racing 92, report Wales Online.
For as Halfpenny lined up a touchline conversion at the posts, the Star Wars theme tune blasted out like the Millennium Falcon from the Stade Felix Mayol.
(Photo: AFP)
As the sliced kick veered to the right of the posts the 66-times capped Welsh full-back looked like they were ready to take a Light Sabre to the loudspeakers.
The moment was captured by Canal+ TV cameras.
The kicking force didn't totally escape Halfpenny as four penalties coupled with a Ma'a Nonu try piloted Toulon home for a much-needed win.
Moscow: Russia has rejected Washington's statements made in its 2018 Nuclear Posture Review that Moscow refuses to further decrease its nuclear capabilities.
"While just having a flick through the document, one can notice that its confrontational charge and anti-Russian focus stare in the face," the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement on Saturday, Xinhua news agency reported.
"The document's statement that Russia allegedly refuses to further reduce its nuclear capabilities is yet another example of the blatant 'falsification'," the statement said.
The US said in its 2018 Nuclear Posture Review that Russia continues to violate a series of arms control treaties and commitments.
"In the nuclear context, the most significant Russian violation involves a system banned by the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces Treaty," said the 74-page US nuclear policy report released on Friday.
"In a broader context, Russia is either rejecting or avoiding its obligations and commitments under numerous agreements, and has rebuffed US efforts to follow the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START) with another round of negotiated reductions and to pursue reductions in non-strategic nuclear forces," it added.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said it has nothing in common with the actual state of affairs. "Certainly, we will be compelled to take into consideration the approaches introduced now by Washington and to take necessary steps in order to ensure own security," it noted.
The Russian Foreign Ministry urged the US to "team up to look for solutions to the problems that have been accumulating in the field of strategic stability."
The US report, which is largely in line with the 2010 review done by the Obama administration, reaffirms commitments to non-proliferation treaties but emphasizes the need to enhance capabilities to match with Russia, showing supports for US nuclear modernisation projects.
The review, the first of this kind since 2010, also calls for a "lower-yield" option with less powerful explosive capacity for ballistic and cruise missiles launched from submarines.
The backlash continues, as opposition leader Ezzard Miller continued theirs pushes to have North Side's no dive zones re-marked to their specifications.
The Department of Environment said the difference between the no dive zones as gazetted, and Mr. Miller's suggestion of what the no dive zone boundaries should be been hundreds of feet apart. The DOE said if the zones are re-drawn to Mr. Miller's specifications, divers would lose access to some spectacular dive sites, including Northern Lights and the world-famous and much-publicised Babylon.
Wayne Hasson of the Cayman Aggressor live-aboard vessel told Cayman 27 they were involved in installing more than 100 moorings in Cayman waters starting in the mid 80's, and said none of them have ever been in the no dive zone.
“These dive sites have been promoted for all these years, they have been promoted as a top dive site, people come to the Cayman Islands to visit those dive sites, and it would be absolutely a shame if they tried to change the no diving zones to include sites that we have invested a lot of time and money in promoting to the world,” said Mr. Hasson.
Mr. Hasson also strongly denied Mr. Miller's claim that the Cayman Aggressor routinely violates the no dive zone, and has at times tied its stern line to coral heads.
Ash McKnight of GoPro Diving and CITA's Watersports Association weighed in on the controversy.
“I totally agree with Mr. Miller that the no dive zones should be properly marked to advise the public. However it needs to stay the same as it is, not extended,” they told Cayman 27 in an email.
Now what was the impetus for these no dive zones in the first place? Red Sail Sports Operations Manager Rod McDowall remembers the tensions between divers and fishermen in the early 80's.
“There was considerable damage being done to fishermen's pots, that were done for various reasons, divers obviously being somewhat environmentally orientated were not happy to see pots and fish caught in traps and what not, so I know that there was a history there that they caused some antagonism,” said Mr. Miller.
Mr. McDowall said he's surprised this issue is re-surfacing now in 2018, as they say tensions between the two groups have all but subsided over the last 20 years.
The National Conservation Council approved an enhanced marine parks plan back in 2016 which would include the creation of additional no dive zones in all three islands, and designate 40% of Cayman's waters as no take zones. That plan has stalled.
The DOE said early this year that Cayman's current marine parks system is becoming outdated.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
TORONTO – It sounds like a potentially perilous situation: an officer calling for assistance while on duty. Except in the case of two Toronto officers on Sunday, the problem wasn't gunfire or an uncooperative arrestee—it was pot the cops had allegedly consumed.
CBC News reports the officers, whose names haven't been released by the department, allegedly ate marijuana edibles near a police station and then reportedly started to hallucinate.
That's when CBC News reports that one made the call, though sources tell CP24 a more colorful story: that the call was placed after one officer ended up in a tree.
The two were reportedly found in a police vehicle and at least one of them was brought to the hospital. Making the situation worse: an officer who responded to the scene slipped on ice and suffered a head injury in the process.
The Toronto Star reports that some hours prior, a raid had been carried out on a nearby marijuana dispensary; it reports that it's unclear if the officers in question participated, but a source tells CBC News the edibles that were allegedly consumed were thought to have been taken during that raid.
The officers have reportedly been suspended and will be investigated by the professional standards unit. (These stoned drug traffickers called 911 on themselves.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Cops Allegedly Eat Pot on Duty, Start Hallucinating
More From Newser:
Cricket corruption 'goes right to the top', says Sri Lanka
Colombo, May 30 (AFP)World Cup-winning skipper Arjuna Ranatunga on Wednesday said corruption "goes right to the top" in Sri Lanka and accused the International Cricket Council of undermining the game by failing to tackle match-fixing.
Ranatunga, now a government minister, said cricket corruption in Sri Lanka went far beyond the claims made in an Al Jazeera documentary which aired on Sunday. Ranatunga said the allegations must be investigated, "but this must have been happening for a long time.
"This is something that goes right to the top (in Sri Lanka). What they will catch is the small fish. As usual the bigger fish will get away," they said.
The documentary alleged that a Sri Lankan player and groundsman were involved a pitch-tampering plot and that there was spot-fixing during Tests between India and England, and India against Australia.
"I am so disappointed with the ICC anti-corruption unit," Ranatunga said, referring to previous complaints against Sri Lanka Cricket, which is headed by politician and business person Thilanga Sumathipala.
The 54-year-old, who led Sri Lanka's 1996 World Cup-winning team, has in the past accused Sumathipala of involvement in gambling in violation of ICC rules. Sumathipala has denied the charge.
"If they can't see what is happening in Sri Lanka... they should not sit on this anti-corruption unit," Ranatunga told reporters.
They said the Sri Lankans implicated in the Al Jazeera documentary could not change the outcome of a Test match unless they had backing from superiors.
"They are small fish," Ranatunga said referring to the groundsman of the Galle stadium, Tharanga Indika, and a district coach, Tharindu Mendis.
"They can't do it unless they have agreement with those right at the top."
- World Cup final -
===================
Indika and Mendis have been suspended while the ICC investigates accusations made in Al-Jazeera's undercover report. Sri Lankan police have also started an inquiry.
Asked if the Galle groundsman was in a position to tamper with the pitch, Ranatunga said: "There is a top guy involved. They should be held responsible. They should be suspended, not only the person who got (directly) involved." Ranatunga said the global audience for cricket was declining because of corruption allegations. They blamed the ICC.
"The ACU has been very poor. They have not used some of their powers and I think that is one reason why cricket has gone down very badly in the world in the last so many years.
"They (the ICC) need to take a big step and take a lot of hard decisions," Ranatunga added.
Ranatunga said last year, they raised suspicions that the 2011 World Cup final was tainted.
"The ICC did not investigate, Sri Lanka Cricket did not investigate and we allowed things to continue," they said, adding that they were still distressed by Sri Lanka's six-wicket defeat in the Mumbai final.
Sri Lanka, batting first, scored 274-6 off 50 overs and appeared in a commanding position when Indian superstar Sachin Tendulkar was caught for 18. But India turned the game dramatically, thanks partly to poor fielding and bowling by Sri Lanka.
Local media raised suspicions of Sri Lankans throwing the match, but there was no formal call for an investigation until Ranatunga's outburst last year.
Ranatunga said Sri Lanka's humiliating 3-2 loss to bottom-ranked Zimbabwe in five one-day matches on home soil last year should also be investigated.
In 2016, the ICC imposed a three-year ban on a Sri Lankan official, Jayananda Warnaweera, for failing to cooperate with an anti-corruption investigation.
The former Test player, who was facing a two-year domestic ban over allegations of involvement in match-fixing, failed to attend interviews with ICC investigators.
Sri Lankan players and umpires have been accused of match-fixing in the past, but Warnaweera is the highest ranking official to be sanctioned
New statistics show 93 per cent of adults in Scotland have given up at least one hobby from their childhood and more than a quarter (26 per cent) can't remember the last time they took up a new one.
The British Heart Foundation (BHF) is encouraging people to shake things up by reviving an old hobby they used to enjoy, or starting a new one, to help raise money for life saving heart research.
The poll showed that more than a quarter (26 per cent) said they can't remember the last time they took up a new hobby or tried something different, and as for the hobbies they did in childhood, almost two in five (38 per cent) said the last time they did them was over 10 years ago.
For more than a third (34 per cent) it has been over 16 years.
Of the Scottish residents polled, almost two thirds (61 per cent) said they used to try more new things when they were younger, while almost a third (32 per cent) of adults say they have grown up to be someone who tends to say no to new things.
The BHF can reveal the top ten hobbies we are most likely to have given up from childhood are:
Musical Instruments (39 per cent)
Football (26 per cent)
Swimming (23 per cent)
Cycling (20 per cent)
Other sports (17 per cent)
Drawing (16 per cent)
Gymnastics (13 per cent)
Painting (13 per cent)
Arts and crafts (13 per cent)
Dance (13 per cent)
Almost two thirds (61 per cent) surveyed said they would like to re-engage with an old hobby given the chance, seeing the benefits. More than two in five (42 per cent) said it would give them a sense of fulfilment. Almost half (47 per cent) said it would be fun and almost a third (29 per cent) said that introducing a new hobby into their life would take their mind away from life stresses.
One of the main reasons people said they haven't rekindled an old hobby is that they were just lacking the motivation. However, the BHF suggest that doing something to raise money in the fight against heart disease could be a good incentive to revive one of your favourite pastimes.
Marc Shaw, fundraising manager at the BHF, said: “Taking up a hobby can be extremely fulfilling, and can be a great way of keeping active and meeting new people. Our survey shows that the majority of us would love to reignite an old passion from their childhood/younger years, as many of us used to be much more open to trying new things when we were younger.
“By taking up an activity you used to enjoy, you can help raise money for our life saving research and help us make a difference to the millions of people fighting a daily battle with heart disease.”
The BHF relies on the enormous generosity of its supporters to continue funding life saving research, and is calling on the public to fundraise in ways that they enjoy. Do that thing you do, and do it to raise money to save lives.
Why not get the family involved, make opportunities to re-engage with that hobby that you used to enjoy, even just for one day, and fundraise for the BHF in the process.
It could be a taking on a swim challenge if you haven't taken the plunge for a while or getting on your bike if you miss the wind in your hair. Gather together your friends and old teammates for a kick around or even hold an arts and crafts day where you can all get creative.
Around 670,000 people in Scotland are living with heart and circulatory disease. Heart disease devastates the lives of millions of people across the UK, often without warning, so why not get together and make the time to host a fundraiser or take on a challenge of your choice.
Get your free fundraising pack with ideas/inspiration, materials and support by visiting bhf.org.uk/doyourthing
Marquis Bank employees volunteered on a recent Saturday to work alongside youth raised in the inner city for a day of garden cleanup at the Miami Youth Garden (MyG) in Liberty City. While there, they delivered a $1,000 check to support the MyG leadership development program. The Rev. Dr. Joaquin Willis who heads the program (standing center behind the oversized check) received the donation. The MyG, in its fourth successful year, uses a community garden as a live classroom for children in grades 3-11. Operated by Church of the Open Door Miami, where Willis is pastor, the program's proven “Seed-to-Harvest” curriculum is designed to nurture inner-city youth and prepare them to seek and find their purpose and calling.
Connect To Your Customers & Grow Your Business Click Here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal appear to have identified their new No.1, but will face a battle with Napoli to sign Bayer Leverkusen's Bernd Leno.
The Gunners could steal the German goalkeeper for £25m, report the Sun, as the Partenopei have only bid £15m.
Petr Cech and David Ospina have both proved unreliable for the Gunners, meaning a new shot-stopper is high on the list of priorities ahead of a rebuild this summer.
Liverpool are also keen, with Loris Karius and Simon Mignolet not deemed good enough, meaning Arsene Wenger will need to move quickly.
(Image: Dennis Grombkowski)
Welbeck not facing action for Milan dive
Danny Welbeck will not face any retrospective action from UEFA after they 'dived' in Arsenal's Europa League victory over AC Milan.
The former Manchester United striker went down very easily under a challenge from Ricardo Rodriguez to win Arsenal a penalty in the last-16 clash.
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane)
They then converted their spot-kick to even up the scores on the night and send Arsenal on their way to a 3-1 victory - 5-1 on aggregate - over the Italian giants.
The forward, who has been off the boil for the most part this season, was heavily criticised after the game for dropping to the ground to win the spot-kick.
United make Bellerin enquiry
(Image: Arsenal FC)
Manchester United have entered the race to sign Hector Bellerin, though Juventus remain favourites to land the Arsenal star this summer.
The Spanish right-back has been heavily linked with a move away and their high market value could generate funds for Arsene Wenger to rebuild their side.
Mirror Football understands United have made discreet enquiries about the 23-year-old's availability and have asked to be kept informed on developments.
Bellerin is tied down to a long-term contract at the Emirates, which runs until 2023, meaning that the Gunners could command a big fee.
NEW YORK — Americans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation. For others, a sense of a United States divided weighs heavy on its quintessential holiday.
From New York to New Mexico, July Fourth events will celebrate what Americans have in common. Festivities are as elaborate as Macy's July Fourth fireworks show, as gulp-worthy as Nathan's Famous hot dog eating contest and as easygoing as backyard barbecues. But in a country roiled with debate over what it means to be an American, there are even competing televised Independence Day events in the nation's capital.
The country's longest-running live national July Fourth TV tradition — PBS' broadcast of music and fireworks from the U.S. Capitol's West Lawn — is facing new counterprogramming from the White House, which is hosting its own concert and view of the National Park Service's fireworks show. Both shows feature different "American Idol" alums.
First lady Melania Trump said in a statement that the White House show would allow Americans to "tune in from their homes and be part of the festivities." PBS declined to comment.
In New York, the Macy's fireworks show over the East River promises 25 minutes of sparkle and "ahhhh," plus the West Point Band and entertainers including Kelly Clarkson, Ricky Martin and Keith Urban on NBC's broadcast. Earlier, competitive-eating titans will face off at Nathan's Famous July Fourth hot dog eating contest on Coney Island, televised by ESPN.
Meanwhile, some communities in the American West have cancelled their planned July Fourth fireworks because of high wildfire danger, and some others are doing drone light displays instead of pyrotechnics. But fireworks shows will go ahead in such places as Denver and Colorado Springs.
In Boston, the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular features singer-songwriter Rachel Platten, the Indigo Girls, Rhiannon Giddens and Broadway legend Rita Moreno. It's televised on local station WHDH-TV and streamed on several sites.
In another July Fourth tradition, new U.S. citizens will be sworn in at locales around the country.
They'll pledge allegiance to a country where some people lament that the ability to debate respectfully the toughest issues of the day seems hopelessly lost. For Brad Messier, a chef in Portland, Maine, the holiday "seems to illustrate the glaring divides that we have."
"How much does going and seeing fireworks really bring people together?" they ask.
JAKARTA, Indonesia (AP) — After months of acrimonious campaigning, the capital of predominantly Muslim Indonesia on Wednesday faced a stark choice: elect an outspoken minority Christian who has made progress in cleaning up the chaotic city or heed the urgings of influential conservative clerics to vote in a Muslim.
The more than 13,000 polling booths closed at 1 p.m. and quick-count results based on a sample of the vote are expected in several hours. The election is one of dozens taking place across Indonesia. More than 7 million were eligible to vote in Jakarta, the capital.
Incumbent Gov. Basuki “Ahok” Tjahaja Purnama, an ethnic Chinese Christian on trial for alleged blasphemy, is vying against Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono, who is the son of a former president, and Anies Rasyid Baswedan, a moderate now courting the votes of conservative and hard-line Muslims.
Religion and race, rather than the slew of problems that face a car-clogged and sinking Jakarta, dominated the campaign and transformed the election into a high-stakes tussle between conservatives, who want Islam to be ascendant in politics and society, and moderates. Ahok's chances appeared dashed after blasphemy accusations led to criminal charges and trial but they have recently rebounded in opinion polls. If convicted, they face up to five years in prison.
Advertisement
Hadiyul Umam, a civil servant, said voting for Ahok would go against everything they believe in.
“As a Muslim, I believe that non-Muslims are not allowed to lead Muslims in this country, and personally, I do not like the way Ahok leads, which is not pro-poor people and their words were disrespectful and rude,” they said.
Ahok's blasphemy trial and the ease with which hard-liners attracted several hundred thousand to protest against them in Jakarta have undermined Indonesia's reputation for practicing a moderate form of Islam and shaken the centrist government of President Joko “Jokowi” Widodo.
Calls for Ahok to be killed and anti-Chinese sentiment were disturbing elements of the protests, one of which turned violent, with dozens injured and one person dying from the effects of tear gas.
Defeat for Ahok would also be a defeat for Indonesia's moderate political and religious leaders and further embolden hard-liners, who say a non-Muslim should not lead Muslims. The governorship is also seen as a launching pad into national politics and possibly the presidency.
There will be a runoff election in April if none of the candidates gets the 50 percent plus one vote required for an outright win. One scenario is that Ahok proceeds to the runoff but is defeated by anti-Ahok voters uniting behind the remaining Muslim candidate.
Jokowi voted in a neighborhood of central Jakarta and called for national unity.
“Differences of political choice should not to divide us,” they said. “After this election, we want everything to be back as brothers, we all need to maintain our unity and integrity.”
Ahok had been popular because of their drive to eliminate corruption from the Jakarta administration and their efforts to make the city more livable.
But brutal demolitions of some of the slum neighborhoods that are home to millions and ill-considered outspokenness proved to be their Achilles' heel. Opponents seized their moment last year when a video surfaced of Ahok telling voters they were being deceived if they believed a specific verse in the Quran prohibited Muslims from electing a non-Muslim as leader.
“I voted for Ahok because they are already showing results of real work and honesty,” said Sriyana Dewi, as they left a polling booth with their 7-old-month son in a sling.
___
Associated Press writer Ali Kotarumalos contributed to this report.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The pound rose sharply after Theresa May's shock General Election announcement this morning.
Sterling jumped nearly 0.9% against the dollar, and was also up against the euro.
But the announcement wiped more than £32billion off the value of Britain's 100 biggest companies.
The FTSE 100 dived more than 125 points in reaction to the rise in the pound.
A stronger pound dents the overseas earns of UK-listed companies when they are converted back into sterling.
Sterling's rise will also bring some relief to Brits heading abroad on holiday.
What this means for your holiday
(Photo: Getty)
"For everyday Brits, the recovery of the pound has a long way to go before holidaying overseas becomes cheaper, but this is another overall positive for sterling," said Simon Phillips, retail director at Number 1 Currency.
“With this turnaround election taking place in just six weeks now is the time to be increasingly savvy when shopping for foreign currency.
“Always make sure to shop around for the best currency deals, as getting the best rate on your holiday money can sometimes be a question of the right timing.”
“Alternatively, if you're yet to book a holiday, you could consider going somewhere further afield than the Eurozone where your pound will stretch further.”
How to get the most for your pound abroad
After a tumultuous year for the pound, which fell heavily against the euro and dollar in the aftermath of Brexit, British holidaymakers are being urged to keep a close eye on how currency affects costs before deciding where to travel.
(Photo: Getty)
Here are FairFX's tips on getting the best exchange rate you can:
Track currency: Set up a currency tracker which will alert you to good rates. Lock-in rates: If you know you're travelling later this year, plan ahead. Pre-load a prepaid currency card to lock in rates and protect yourself from any potential further decline. If you're happy with the current rate on offer, buy your currency now to guarantee that rate for your future holiday. Buy wisely: Don't leave changing your travel money until the last minute. Exchange rates at airports can be over 10% more expensive meaning you could lose £100 of cash for every £1,000 you change. Stay alert: Once you're abroad, beware of the double exchange rate dupe. If you let the seller in a shop or restaurant covert the price back into pounds, they can choose their own exchange rate and you're more likely to be on the less favourable end of the dea Cards: Debit and credit cards are good backups but beware of ATM and transaction fees as well as what exchange rate you'll be forced to use. Instead, use a specialist currency card or a card designed for overseas spendin Always use local currency: If you have the option of paying – or withdrawing cash – in pounds rather than the local currency, always say no. This allows the other party to decide the exchange rate, a process known as Dynamic Currency Conversion, and it's unlikely the rate will be in your favour. Different money habits: Check out any travel money anomalies before you travel. In America, for example, you definitely need to remember your PIN – outlets are migrating from swipe & sign to chip & pin so don't get caught out.
A tough time for businesses
(Photo: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg via Getty Images)
Neil Wilson, senior market analyst at ETX Capital, said: “For investors it adds another layer of complexity to an already uncertain picture for UK and European assets.
“Volatility is likely to remain elevated over the coming weeks.
“And as elections are so unpredictable, there is always the outside risk it could spark a reversal in the entire Brexit process.”
The FTSE 100 was also hit by a drop in iron ore prices, which sent mining stocks to the bottom of the index.
Laith Khalaf, senior analyst at stockbrokers Hargreaves Lansdown, said: " Of course the benchmark FTSE 100 is far from a pure barometer of the perceived health of the UK, given the global nature of the companies that constitute the index.
"Markets can get a case of the jitters in the run up to elections, but this one may be different seeing as it comes in the wake of the Brexit vote, and the polls suggest the incumbent government is likely to remain in power and gain more seats.
"Nonetheless a snap election does potentially open the door to some market volatility in the coming months, though investors shouldn't let their investment decisions be dictated by swaying polls."
South Korean and US business groups on Thursday held a forum to discuss pending economic issues and cooperative measures amid concerns Washington may become more protectionist going forward, organizers said.
At the gathering arranged by the Federation of Korean Industries and the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea, experts and business leaders from the two countries analyzed the Korea-US free-trade agreement as a "reciprocal and win-win" deal.
(Yonhap)
The bilateral free trade pact took into effect on March 15, 2012, is helping both economies grow and consumers have benefited from a decline in prices of goods and services, the FKI said in a statement.Helped by the deal, Korea's gross domestic product is estimated to grow by an additional 0.19 percent and the US' GDP gained an extra 0.03 percent during the 2012-2016 period compared to the four-year period from 2007-2011, an FKI spokesperson said.During the same period, Korean consumers spent $428 million less on products imported from the US, while their American counterparts spent $511 million less on Korean products, the statement said.The FKI and AMCHAM, the business lobbies which represent Korea's big companies and US firms operating in South Korea, respectively, will regularly hold the biannual forum in Seoul to share views on economic issues involving the two countries, the spokesperson said.The topic at the first forum will be about the free-trade agreement between Seoul and Washington as the Trump government threatened to terminate the five-year-old accord in April, citing it "a horrible deal" that has left America "destroyed." (Yonhap)
Ironman defenseman Dan Girardi Wednesday agreed to a buyout of the remaining three years of their contract, clearing cap space for the team and ending a record-setting Rangers career.
“I poured my heart and soul into this team for the past 11 seasons and I enjoyed every minute of it,” Girardi, 33, said in a statement.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Girardi's contract had an average salary-cap charge of $5.5 million. The buyout spreads two-thirds of the cost over six years. Rather than the $5.5 million for the next three years, the Rangers will be charged about $2.61 million in the 2017-18 season, $3.6 million in the following two seasons, and 1.1 million in the final three.
A throwback, heart-and-soul defender, Girardi, who was signed by the Rangers as an undrafted free agent on July 1, 2006, ranks ninth on the Rangers' all-time games played list, and fifth among Blueshirts defensemen in career games, behind Harry Howell, Brian Leetch, Ron Greschner and Jim Neilson. They skated in 788 career games with the Rangers, registering 46 goals and 230 points.
Girardi, a native of Welland, Ontario who played through countless injuries, skated in at least 80 games in seven seasons and played all 82 games of a season five times. Since the NHL began an 82-game schedule in 1995-96, Girardi and Leetch are the only Rangers who have played all 82 games in five different seasons. Since their debut, Girardi led the NHL in blocked shots (1,691). They also are the franchise's leader in playoff games among skaters with 122. Henrik Lundqvist has 128.
“Dan's contributions to the New York Rangers organization have been immeasurable,” team president Glen Sather said. “He has been a role model through their relentless determination, giving everything they had to this organization both on and off the ice.”
To Mars with ESA and the Guggenheim Bilbao
ESA and the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao, with the BBK Foundation, are celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Spanish arts centre with a performance of Chasmata, a journey to Mars through contemporary art, music and architecture. Monday's concert can be seen online starting at 18:30 GMT (20:30 CEST).
At the heart of the performance are the results and images from ESA's Mars Express, which has been orbiting the planet since 2003. The concert also involves ESA astronauts Paolo Nespoli and Pedro Duque.
Projections of Mars have been provided by ESA, the Andalusian Institute of Astronomy in Spain, and the UK's Imperial College and University of Leicester.
Sgt. Charles Fernandez, an assault amphibious vehicle crewman with Headquarters and Services Company 3rd Assault Amphibious Battalion, explains the steps of vehicle recovery to Sgt. Tadanao Fujimori, an AAV operator with the Japanese Ground Self Defense Force, during Exercise Iron First 2017 aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, Calif., Feb. 13. The U.S. Marines taught the Japanese soldiers not only how to operate the AAVs but also AAV techniques and tactics. Iron Fist is an annual, bilateral training exercise where U.S. and Japanese service members train together and share techniques, tactics and procedure to improve their combined operational capabilities. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alvin Pujols/ Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:25 Photo ID: 3165366 VIRIN: 170214-M-NM524-003 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 10.62 MB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE CAMP PENDLETON, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Warriors of the Sea train and teach in their element [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Alvin Pujols, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts. Seek simplicity and distrust it. -- Whitehead.
VERMILION, Alta. -
Three J.R. Robson School students will take the stage and perform at the Wildfire Teen Improv Festival from Feb. 22 to 23.
“We are going to be going to the wildfire festival and that is happening at the Citadel Theatre. The festival runs from Feb. 21-25 and junior high schools from Alberta and the Northwest Territories come, meet and do theatre games and sports on stage,” said J.R. Robson Teacher MyVahna Ishaq.
Improvisational theatre, often called improv or impro, is a form of theater where most or all of what is performed on stage is created at the moment.
Ishaq's students will conduct improv scenes in receive feedback from judges.
Grade 8 and first year improv student Dawson Campbell said they and the two others have been working hard preparing for the festival and I looking forward to being on stage and showing off their talent on a broader scale.
“I missed out last year, so I thought I should do it this year. It's fun to do because you can put your own twist on improv and make it your own,” they said.
The two other students, brothers Austin and Steven Bodurka, are also first year improv students.
“I wasn't sure if I wanted to do it, and then one day they asked if i could just try it, so i did and now i am here. I decided to stay. I like the games,” Austin said.
Steven, who recently finished a two-day show, Complaint Department and Lemonade, with J.R. Robson School's Drama Players last month said Ishaq recruited them as soon as they saw them acting like a bird and jumping from their desk chair.
“I like that we can do whatever we want. You can be really funny and play it how you want,” they said of improv. “It comes naturally. if someone says something it is already done in my mind.”
This is the first year J.R. Robson will be participating in the festival, which Ishaq said the students deserve due to their talent.
“I have some very talented kids that can think on the spot quickly and create stories and characters. I am a little bit nervous, but very excited because i think they are so talented,” they said. “I think eastern Alberta should be represented, and it is such a good opportunity for them.”
If the trio does well and receives enough points from the judges, they have a chance at performing at the festival's finals on Feb. 25.
In the meantime, Ishaq is preparing them by giving them scene-work exercises and inviting Rapid Fire's Joleen Ballendine to assist in their training. Rapid Fire is an Edmonton company that performs Theatre sports.
SIMSBURY, Conn. (AP) — Officials in Connecticut have formally concluded that a worn electrical outlet accidentally caused a barn fire that killed 24 horses in December.
The Hartford Courant reports the Simsbury Volunteer Fire Department on Friday released its investigative report on the blaze at Folly Farm.
Related: Simsbury barn fire that killed 24 horses started in storage room
The report says the fire began in an electrical outlet in a water heater closet in the 23,000-square-foot arena barn. Officials said a garden hose hung on the closet door often came into contact with a portable heater cord plugged in in the closet, and the electrical connection in the outlet became worn and damaged.
Authorities said the horses died of smoke inhalation.
Related: Owner of Folly Farm speaks out after massive fire kills 24 horses
Folly Farm is a 175-acre, family-owned farm about 10 miles northwest of Hartford. It offers horse riding and competition lessons, boarding and polo instruction
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The first ever multi-storey car park at Bristol Airport has been officially opened.
On Monday (July 2) North Somerset Council leader Nigel Ashton unveiled a plaque to mark the completion of the £9.5million development.
The new car park, which is a short walk away from the terminal building, has more than 1,100 spaces across three levels. Two further floors will provide an additional 750 spaces to be added over the next winter.
It opens just a few months after a 'significant' number of airport passengers were left stranded when an airport parking company not affiliated with the airport did not return their cars.
The parking saga - which involved meet-and-greet company Absolutely Secure Airport Parking Bristol - saw holiday-makers made to wait more than 24 hours to be reunited with their cars .
At the time Bristol Airport issued a statement on the scandal, and warned people to park on its site .
The new car park
Goldbeck Construction built the car park, which features enhanced parking bay technology, helping drivers to easily locate unoccupied spaces. It opened to customers earlier this summer.
(Image: Bristol Airport)
Completion of the multi-storey car park follows recent improvements elsewhere across the site in the past 12 months, including a £2.5million customer reception centre in the Silver Zone car park.
Andrew Goodenough, development director at Bristol Airport, said: “Not only does this new car park deliver more high-quality facilities for our passengers, it also demonstrates our continued commitment to delivering the comprehensive development plans approved by North Somerset Council in 2011.”
Two more multi-storey car parks to come
Work on a second multi-storey car park, featuring a public transport interchange on the top level, will begin next year and is expected to open in 2021, adding nearly 2,000 more spaces.
Plans for a third multi-storey car park will be included in a forthcoming planning application to increase the airport's passenger numbers to 12 million a year.
(Image: Bristol Airport)
Cllr Ashton said: “I'm delighted that the airport has yet again shown its commitment to the west region and North Somerset in particular.
“Employment and tourism will prosper across the west due to partnership working and the continuous success of our airport, its management and staff.”
A consultation on the next phase of Bristol Airport's ambitious expansion plans closes on Thursday (July 6).
As well as another multi-storey car park the latest set of proposals include surface level car parking, a new canopy at the front of the building and improvements to on-site road layout.
As communities age and money for big projects dries up, top municipal officials are saying “something has to give.”
A report on the perspective of chief administrative officers (CAOs) — by Strategy Corp. — found that just as Toronto is struggling to find ways to pay for much-needed infrastructure work, smaller communities, too, are finding it increasingly difficult to come with badly-needed cash.
“You thought Toronto was just having these problems,” said John Matheson, report co-author and a principal at Strategy Corp. “Actually, the report indicates it's the municipal sector as a whole ... These problems are fairly common across Ontario which is why it's important people pay attention to them.”
The group interviewed 26 CAOs — the top bureaucrats of towns, counties or cities — to get their views on the future of municipal government. The report focuses on small- to medium-size communities, and was provided exclusively to the Toronto Sun.
The report says CAOs are seeing a gap between what the public expects of local government and what they are prepared to pay for has grown. One participant told the authors “something has to give.”
The report says councillors in those communities are hesitant to raise taxes or create new revenue streams to pay for the work which isn't surprising, they added.
“There's a lot of infrastructure put in the ground between 50 and 75 years ago,” Matheson said, adding that years of deferring infrastructure work are catching up with communities.
The CAOs also expressed concern about the rise of a divisive brand of populism in city halls across Ontario. A number of councillors are mimicking U.S. President Donald Trump's brash style, often publicly attacking bureaucrats and questioning their work.
“(Municipal governments) are not designed to have a somebody on council who is structurally opposing everything,” they said. “It's contributing to only half of them saying they had good relations with their councils.”
The interviews used for the report were conducted confidentially. The findings offer a rare, unvarnished view of major issues taking place in these towns and cities, said Ron Shaw, a senior advisor with Strategy Corp who co-authored the report.
Shaw, a former CAO with over 30 years experience in Stratford and Kincardine, said top municipal bureaucrats don't want to be critical of their communities publicly.
“They're not going to say much different than what their councillors may be saying,” they added. “They want to make sure they represent the views of the municipality. Speaking confidentially, they can speak to us ... and give honest, open feedback.”
Releasing the report at the Association of Municipalities of Ontario's annual meeting in Ottawa this week will help bring the concerns of the CAOs into focus, they said.
Matheson added that the concerns raised in the report will need to be addressed through a variety of means, including the provision of more cash to municipalities.
sjeffords@postmedia.com
New Delhi: Ahead of the first T20I between Team India and visitors Australia, pacer Jasprit Bumrah is excited about the return of veteran Ashish Nehra in the unit and is looking forward to learning a few tricks from the 38-year-old.
Nehra is making a comeback after playing T20I series against England earlier this year.
"He's a very experienced player. I've played some cricket with him. I've played in World Twenty20 with him. It's really good to have them in the side… It's a lot of fun. They have loads of experience to share. He's very helpful for youngsters like me,” said Bumrah ahead of the series opener.
"The team's atmosphere becomes good when they come to the side. It feels great to have them back in the side," they added.
Fitness plays a pivotal role and the onus lies on the cricketer to stay in the pink of health and extend their career, they said.
"It's not only fast bowlers who need to put in the extra effort. Yes, they need to do extra sometimes, but in general, if you are not fit you won't be able to survive. It's the responsibility of the player to look after their diet and training."
"Because of the amount of cricket we have been playing nowadays, everybody has to be fit," said Bumrah.
With Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Bumrah at the death, India have developed a potent bowling combination.
"We just want to improve ourselves every time, we keep asking questions to each other. We keep learning from the senior players on what else we can do and how to improve, how to adapt to different conditions and the wickets. The focus is on training. We don't focus on results. We want to get better every game."
India defeated Australia by six wickets the last time both the teams met in World Twenty20 in March 2016, and prior to that they completed a 3-0 clean sweep Down Under in January.
India may be having a 9-4 head to head record but Bumrah said that is the last thing on team's mind.
"We don't think like that. We only focus on the game. Every format requires a little bit of skill level. We want to focus on that and if we do our basics right, everything else is taken care of."
Having defeated Australia 4-1 in the one-dayers, India will look for a perfect ending to the limited overs series.
"You do not need a drive when you're playing for India. Any match you love representing your country. You love playing for India. It does not matter what format you play, you have to adapt constantly."
Being a death bowler specialist, Bumrah said their role hardly changes in the ODI and T20 format.
"One-day and T20s are slightly different. In the situations where I bowl, in the death overs, it's very similar. You're hit over here as well as in ODIs. It's not too much of a difference."
Bumrah refused to comment much on the fake fielding law which has been criticised by the cricket experts.
"I have not thought about it much. We do as we are said to do. We don't think too much about rules. We will see what is going to happen when the rule is changed."
Bumrah said they remain unaffected by the FIFA U-17 World Cup fever in India.
"We are right now focusing on cricket and not focusing on football," they signed off.
Blake Lively … Uganda: “Leopard Snatches, Eats Game Ranger's 2-Year-Old Child” … Ira Glass with a pretty solid commencement speech at NYU … “7-foot snake in Texas cozies up to new neighbor's front door grilles” … the Catholic School that didn't let their Valedictorian make their speech is unfortunately going to be another angry, divisive issue … “Inside the world's last Popeye's buffet, where you can eat all the fried chicken and biscuits you want for less than $10″ … sad story about a solider in the Army reserves who jumped in a lake to save the life of a child, but died in the process … “30 boxes of crab legs stolen from South Memphis grocery store” … this man is going to be part of a new documentary called ‘Super Sperm Donors‘ …
A first-year student football player on the Georgia Bulldogs was arrested for videotaping a sexual encounter with a woman, and then showing it to people. [Saturday Down South]
Why do so many Dominican players keep violating the MLB drug policy? Players from the DR only make up 10% of MLB players; yet 40% of those popped for PEDs come from the DR. [Seattle Times]
DeShaun Watson is the 1st rookie QB to make the NFL Top 100 list since 2013. You know already know he's the best player in the NFL under 25 years old. [Houston Press]
Awful story about the deaths of a news anchor and a photojournalist who died when a tree fell on their SUV. [WYFF]
Vanderbilt's baseball coach made a whopping $2.3 million in 2016. Tim Corbin is the school's all-time winningest coach. [Tennessean]
Damarious Randall was traded to the Browns in March, and Cleveland fans do not like their pro-Warriors, pro-Stephen Curry tweets. [Cleveland.com]
“Florida woman calls police after ‘sugar daddy' writes bad check.” This doesn't even seem like it's possible. But it's real. [WSVN]
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to watch an NBA playoff game with Don Nelson? Reminder: He's not a fan of Chris Webber. [Chronicle]
“Roy Halladay's legacy lives on through a drug-sniffing dog named Doc.” [Yahoo Sports]
Because it's Wednesday?
Seventeen minutes of Kevin Durant vs LeBron in the 2017 NBA Finals. Durant won this matchup. Handily.
5 best non-Money In The Bank matches in the history of the event
A closer look at the best non Money in the Bank ladder matches in the history of the pay per view.
Kartik Seth ANALYST Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 22:00 IST 2.11K Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Will we finally get the showdown that we were expecting from this duo?
Despite being in existence for only nine years, Money in the Bank has grown into one of the most vital events for the WWE.
Had it not been the slashing of the Brand Exclusive pay per views, Money in the Bank would have been the only B-level pay per view to share the tag of co-branded events along with the Big-four events.
Anyways, this year's edition of the show is shaping up to be one of the strongest cards of the year.
Follow Sportskeeda for the latest WWE news, rumors and all other wrestling news.
AJ Styles and Shinsuke Nakamura will finally settle their differences in a Last Man Standing match, whereas eight male and eight female superstars from both brands will fight in the namesake match for a world championship match. If that isn't enough to get you excited, then I certainly don't know what can.
Throughout its nine-year history, Money in the Bank has not only produced tremendous MITB ladder matches but has also produced various other matches that can be regarded as among the best from that year.
With several non-MITB matches scheduled for this year as well, we take a look at the best matches of that category in the history of the event.
#5 Seth Rollins(c) vs Dean Ambrose (Ladder Match for WWE Championship) (2015)
Seth Rollins' betrayal in the spring of 2014 kick-started a feud that lasted for almost one year as Dean Ambrose was always at their tail, waiting to make The Architect pay for what they did to them and Roman Reigns.
Their matches in 2014 showcased their chemistry with each other, with the crowd always on their feet when the two shared the ring together.
Rollins' WWE Title victory added a new element to Ambrose's quest at belittling them and teaching them a lesson for their deeds, and their best clash came at the culmination of this feud at Money in the Bank 2015 in a Ladder Match.
Chosen to close the show in Ambrose's home state, the two broke each other into two halves throughout the 35-minute contest. The match was a slugfest from the word go, with both superstars hitting each other with a ladder before the action spilled into the crowd.
Ambrose backdropped Rollins through a ladder outside the ring, while Rollins targeted their leg throughout the match and powerbombed them on to a ladder and chairs.
A climactic finish saw both superstars unhook the title together, but Rollins took hold of the title to win the match and bringing an end to a phenomenal rivalry.
Bristol Rovers president Wael Al-Qadi has given their first indications on what they want from a redeveloped Memorial Stadium.
Al-Qadi confirmed last week that the club were now looking to press ahead with redeveloping the Mem, following the break down in talks with UWE about a proposed new stadium.
While Rovers chairperson Steve Hamer initially refused to rule out looking for new sites, Al-Qadi revealed ahead of the Cambridge match last Tuesday that redeveloping Rovers' current home was the preferred option.
Al-Qadi has now given their thoughts about what they want to achieve by improving the Memorial Stadium.
"I'm very interested in creating a stadium that's very cosy, where fans can create a very good atmosphere," Al-Qadi told BBC Points West.
"Because I believe that's important to have in a stadium," the Rovers president added.
Al-Qadi was also asked about the possibility of safe standing in future plans for the Mem.
The system which uses rail seating such as that used in Germany and at Celtic Park in Scotland, is edging closer to being used in the Football League as Shrewsbury Town applied earlier this summer to install the seats at their ground.
"I'm very interested in that [safe standing]," said Al-Qadi.
"Stadium criteria have improved, or changed, in recent times. I mean you have safe standing now, it's being revisited, it's very important for us."
When the Post pressed Al-Qadi for a timescale on the redevelopment of the stadium last week, they refused to be drawn in to making predictions at an early stage.
"For now, we need to reconvene as a a board and get out experts together to look at how best to go forward," said Al-Qadi.
J. Crew Group's bond investors gave a hardy thumbs-up to the company's plan to rework its finances, but Standard & Poor's said the offering would amount to "a de facto restructuring and a default on the company's obligations."
And even if the deal goes through and incoming chief executive officer James Brett has until the company's term loan comes due in 2021 to turn around operations, he'll still be carrying a significant debt load.
"I wasn't expecting it," said Robinson, who spent parts of three seasons with the Rangers and three with the North Bay/Brampton Battalion in the Ontario Hockey League. "It has been a lot of fun."
Robinson, 22, has always lived a double life when it comes to sports.
The Pickering native spent winters on the ice and summers with a lacrosse stick ever since they were about five years old. They continued the double duty while playing in the OHL, save for a couple of seasons with the Rangers.
"I was pretty fortunate to be able to play both," they said. "Hockey has always been my goal and lacrosse was always there as a back up plan."
It's a lot different than pro hockey.
Most lacrosse players also work full-time outside of the arena. Few of Robinson's teammates actually live in Rochester while practices are held in Six Nations since it's a more central location.
When the weekend hits, players from across North America fly to their game-day destination, have a morning shoot around, play the tilt and then head home to clock in for work on Monday.
The Knighthawks are in must-win mode after losing 16-9 to the Rush in the series opener in Saskatoon this past weekend. Game 2 goes Saturday in Rochester.
Robinson, who plays offence, will be ready to step in if needed.
Win or lose, they figure he's already coming out ahead.
"It's kind of cool to get a sense of what it would be like to be an NLL player," they said. "I've loved lacrosse my whole life, sometimes more than hockey."
jbrown@therecord.com,
Twitter: @BrownRecord
jbrown@therecord.com ,
Twitter: @BrownRecord
Sudan, World's Last Male Northern White Rhino, Dies
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AP STR/AP
Sudan, the world's last male northern white rhinoceros, died in Kenya Monday, leaving their species one step closer to complete extinction, even as a group of scientists undertakes an unprecedented effort to try to keep this animal from vanishing entirely.
Sudan was 45 years old and their health had deteriorated in recent weeks after a severe leg infection. In a statement, the Ol Pejeta Conservancy said their condition worsened and they were no longer able to stand up, so their veterinary team decided to euthanize him.
Sudan was captured in Sudan in 1975, when they were just two years old, and was taken to Dvůr Králové Zoo in the Czech Republic. But as that zoo fell into financial troubles and rhinos failed to breed, Sudan was relocated in 2009 to the Ol Pejeta Conservancy, in Laikipia County, Kenya, along with two northern white rhino females named Najin and Fatu.
The thinking was that in a place closely resembling their homeland, they would thrive. Northern white rhinos used to be found in an area spanning Uganda, Chad, southwestern Sudan, the Central African Republic and the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Some 2,000 existed in 1960, according to the World Wildlife Fund, but war and the poaching that funded the fighting drove them to extinction in the wild.
Joseph Thaida, who took care of Sudan at the conservancy since 2012, remembers them as an affectionate and gentle rhino who had their picture taken with tourists and served as the centerpiece of publicity stunts. The most famous was when Sudan got their own Tinder profile last year, to bring attention to the plight of their sub-species and direct donations to the Ol Pejeta Conservancy for research on assisted reproductive technologies for rhinos.
"Whenever they hear people talking, they love to come close, because they know he's gonna be scratched," Thaida told NPR last year.
Thaida remembered when Sudan arrived at the conservancy, watching them as they studied the southern white rhinos already there. Sudan learned how to sharpen their horn using a tree. They began to graze and wallow in mud like their genetic cousins.
After years in captivity, Sudan finally learned to become a rhino at this conservancy, Thaida believed. But they and the two females never reproduced.
Dr. Steve Ngulu, the veterinarian who was in charge of Sudan, said the animal's death is sad and shocking — and a testament to human failure.
"But then, as far as their propagation is concerned, we are happy that at least we collected some sperm from them and the other males," Ngulu said.
One of the huge hurdles facing scientists is that the two remaining female northern white rhinos cannot gestate the next generation — one is sterile and the other is not physically capable of carrying a calf full term.
"So, natural reproduction cannot take place, artificial insemination is not possible, so the only other option that we have to have a pure northern white rhino baby is to retrieve or to do something we call ovum pick-up, collect eggs from the females," Ngulu said.
Those fertilized eggs would then be implanted in a southern white rhino, who would carry the calf to term. Taking eggs from a rhino, though, has never been done. If and when scientists take that risk, there's a chance that the females could perish — bringing the species to extinction.
England vs India, 2nd T20I: Preview, Weather Report, Head-to-Head & Key Stats
Vaibhav Joshi FOLLOW ANALYST Preview 476 // 04 Jul 2018, 15:36 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
India completely outfoxed England in the first match of the T20I series. It was Kuldeep's fifer and Rahul's century that demoralized the Englishmen in the previous game.
The only moment to cherish for the Englishmen in the previous game was Jos Buttler's brilliant strokeplay. However, Buttler's 69 seemed to be futile, for the Men in Blue easily chased down the total with 8 wickets and 10 balls remaining.
India would be looking forward to sealing the T20I series when they meet England for the second T20I. Meanwhile, England would look settle the score and keep the series alive.
England vs India, 2nd T20I Details:
Match Date: 06 July 2018, Friday
Match Timing: 22:00 IST, 16:30 GMT, 17:30 LOCAL
Match Venue: Sophia Gardens, Cardiff, England
Expected Crowd Turnout: With an important game ahead for both the teams, the England vs India encounter in Cardiff is expected to be a house-full affair with a total crowd attendance of 14,900.
Team News
The Indian team is not expected to tinker the playing XI and is expected to field with the same team.
England will be incorporating a couple of changes in the playing XI. Sam Curran or Jake Ball is expected to make their T20I debut in the upcoming against India. Tom Curran, brother of Sam Curran, is ruled out of the series following a side-strain.
Weather
It is proposed to be a full-game in Cardiff as rain is expected to stay away from the game. With the game being an afternoon affair, the humidity levels will be around 59 percentage and the temperature is expected to be around 24 degree Celsius. Thus, it is expected to be a perfect day in Cardiff for a cricket match.
Head-to-head in T20Is
6-6. Having demolished England in the previous match at Old Trafford, India have evened out the record against England in T20Is.
England T20I Squad:
England will look to keep the series alive
Eoin Morgan(C), Moeen Ali, Jonny Bairstow, Jake Ball, Jos Buttler, Sam Curran, Tom Curran, Alex Hales, Chris Jordan, Liam Plunkett, Adil Rashid, Joe Root, Jason Roy, David Willey, and Dawid Malan.
India T20I Squad:
England v India - 1st Vitality International T20
Virat Kohli(C), Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Lokesh Rahul, Suresh Raina, Manish Pandey, MS Dhoni (WK), Hardik Pandya, Dinesh Karthik, Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav, Krunal Pandya, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Deepak Chahar, Siddarth Kaul, and Umesh Yadav.
Stats and numbers
2 – Suresh Raina needs to hit two more sixes to complete 300 sixes in the history of T20 cricket. They will become the only second Indian after Rohit Sharma to hit 300 or more sixes in T20 cricket.
3 – MS Dhoni needs to tonk three more sixes to complete 50 sixes in the history of T20I cricket.
7 – Virat Kohli needs to hit seven more fours to surpass Md. Shahzad of Afghanistan to acquire the second place on the list of most fours in the history of T20I cricket.
19 – Rohit Sharma needs to score 19 runs more to achieve the feat of 2000 T20I runs. Rohit will become the only 5th player in the history of T20I cricket to score 2000 or more runs.
45 – MS Dhoni needs to score 45 runs more to complete 1500 T20I runs.
Users have been warned to change their passwords after attackers accessed dozens of online lottery accounts
Camelot, which operates the National Lottery, has warned all 10.5 million registered users of its online accounts to change their passwords as a precaution after what it called a “low-level” hack affecting about 150 accounts.
The firm said it discovered “suspicious activity” as a result of routine monitoring.
It believes the accounts were accessed using passwords that had been reused elsewhere, then stolen from third-party websites.
If users have a password that's been used across multiple sites, they should change it, Camelot said.
‘Limited' breach
Attackers who accessed the 150 accounts were able to view “very limited information” about users, including their first names and the amount of money loaded into the account.
Users can add funds to such accounts from a payment card, then use the money to buy online lottery tickets or scratch cards.
Attackers also accessed a few accounts, believed to be under 10, and carried out “limited activity”, Camelot said.
But no financial losses occurred, and no core systems were accessed, according to the firm.
Camelot reported the incident to the police, the National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) and the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO).
“We are aware of an incident involving The National Lottery's website and are in contact with the company and other agencies,” the ICO said in a prepared statement.
In late 2016 Camelot warned that about 26,500 National Lottery accounts had been hacked using the same methods employed in the more recent incident.
Do you know all about security? Try our quiz!
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There's such a thing as too many cooks – but not when it comes to Celebrity MasterChef.
Twenty stars will be sweating like onions in a pan as they prepare dishes under pressure, with relentless chatter from judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace.
The first five challengers are comic Vic Reeves, snooker player Stephen Hendry, newsreader Julia Somerville, presenter Angellica Bell and finally – although they hope not last on the leader board – French former tennis champ Henri Leconte.
(Image: BBC)
When does Celebrity MasterChef start?
Celebrity MasterChef starts on BBC1 on Wednesday at 8pm with the second episode airing on Friday 18 August at 8:30pm.
Full Celebrity MasterChef line-up:
Comic Vic Reeves
Snooker player Stephen Hendry
Newsreader Julia Somerville
Presenter Angellica Bell
French former tennis champion Henri Leconte
Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee
Opera singer Lesley Garrett
TV presenter Ulrika Jonsson
Olympic swimming gold medallist Rebecca Adlington
Gogglebox's Rev Kate Bottley
Former Hollyoaks actor Brian Bovell
Comedian Abdullah Afzal (Citizen Khan)
Actor and Radio 1 DJ Dev Griffin
Outnumbered star Tyger Drew-Honey
CBBC presenter Barney Harwood
Pop stars Jaymi Hensley, from Union J, and Rachel Stevens
Radio 4 presenter Aasmah Mir
Singer, actor and artist Patti Boulaye
Actor and director Nick Moran
In the first episode, viewers will see five celebrities dive straight into the first course – but it's less ‘Let's cook' and more ‘Let's perform'.
There's dancing, lots of mugging to the camera (that's you, Vic ‘Give me my own cookery show' Reeves!), and Angellica wailing: ‘Gregg, get out of my kitchen!'
(Image: BBC)
But their antics can't disguise their food failings.
The mystery ingredient challenge throws Stephen off their stride and Angellica can't tell lamb from beef. Vic serves up an experimental garlic and rhubarb chutney – ‘Mmm, yummy,' says, er, no one.
(Image: BBC)
And you won't ever want to try Julia's lamb stew. ‘I've brought up two children and they haven't died yet,' they say, stoically.
(Image: BBC)
Then they're off to a London restaurant. The stars hoping to survive to the semis learn to say ‘Yes, chef' and how to use liquorice salt.
But who'll find the recipe for success – and who'll be hanging up their apron and catching the bus home?
IPL 2018: The top tactical decisions that went under the radar
These pointers, if carried on to the next season, will definitely help the teams do well
Harigovind Thoyakkat TOP CONTRIBUTOR Top 5 / Top 10 30 May 2018, 15:28 IST 741 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
The Champions
And just like that, the IPL season has come and gone, giving every viewer quite of enjoyable memories and heartbreaks alike. While a lot of analysis has gone into understanding the season through various parameters, trying to look into the most successful tactical decisions made by the various teams would provide a better insight, as it were these decisions that played decisive roles in the end.
Some of the decisions hit the nail exactly on the head, while the others did not. Some got noticed, while others did not. But with that being said, these changes are definitely ideas that the different teams can carry on towards next season.
Starting from CSK using Rayudu as an opener, to Rahane using Krishnappa Gowtham to open their bowling, here are a few important decisions that summed up the tournament's run for most teams.
#1 Assigning Ambati Rayudu the opening duties in CSK
See you as Indian opener soon?
Prior to the recently concluded IPL season, Ambati Rayudu had been a mainstay in the Mumbai Indians' batting setup for years, where, quite notably, they haven't opened a single inning. Rayudu had only opened the batting in a handful of occasions before, all of it in domestic T20 games for their state sides.
They were a regular No. 3 and No. 4 for Mumbai Indians. The decision to open the batting with them can strongly be attributed as a classic Chennai Super Kings move: back one's players to make a change from what they are used to, then to trust their strengths and see if it comes off. MS Dhoni's logic behind the move was that they rated Rayudu's hitting abilities against both pace and spin quite highly. Rayudu themselves said there was little more to it apart from "seeing the ball well" for the best part of the season.
As it turned out, they had their most productive IPL season this time, by a huge distance, topping the Super Kings' run charts, and leading the chase for Orange Cap for a good part of the season. Along the way, they smashed a match-winning unbeaten 100* against Sunrisers Hyderabad, their first ever IPL ton.
On other days, when they aren't required to open the batting, or to give up some space for players like Watson or Faf du Plessis, they came in at their familiar No. 4 spot where they played valuable middle-over cameos. Overall, Rayudu's promotion at the top of the order proved a masterstroke that gave CSK some early momentum which they carried throughout the season without any qualms.
“Las Vegas billionaire Sheldon Adelson has come out in support of National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, disavowing a campaign against McMaster by a group Adelson funds, the Zionist Organization of America,” according to Jonathan Swan.
“Adelson is one of the biggest financial donors in Republican politics, and their influence over national security and Israel-related matters is substantial. Theirs is a voice listened to by President Trump and other senior White House officials like Jared Kushner.”
0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, April 12 Pause
0:43 Thieves posing as water dept. employees trick an elderly woman and steal from them
6:11 Arlington District 3 candidate forum
0:31 Arlington Police's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, April 13
1:36 Motorcyclist dies in crash on Mayfield Road in Arlington
0:43 Arlington police officer dies of cancer at 45
0:16 Iconic Weatherford building is demolished
0:59 UTA student's project could help detect drugs
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
Kluber is tough to deal with under normal circumstances, but with a big lead and pitching at home, he's nearly unbeatable. The right-hander is 5-0 with a 1.26 ERA at Progressive Field, and they didn't walk a batter for the fourth straight start — a career-best span of 28 1/3 innings.
"Kluber was Kluber," said White Sox manager Rick Renteria.
Chicago's Yoan Mocada led off the first with a single off Kluber, who then struck out eight of the next 12 and spent the rest of the day fine-tuning their already fine-tuned collection of pitches.
By the time Kluber took the mound in the third, the Indians were up 7-0, but they had to focus as things were much tighter.
"You kind of train yourself or teach yourself to take each hitter, each pitch, whatever you want to call it, as if the game was tied," they said. "I think that through experience I'm sure every pitcher would tell you, as soon as you let your guard down a little bit, things usually bite you in the rear."
Cabrera's two-run double highlighted a five-run third for the Indians. They had Lopez in trouble in the first inning, but let the right-hander escape by giving up only two runs.
Brantley singled in the first when the Indians took a 2-0 lead against Lopez, whose wild pitch brought in Greg Allen with Cleveland's first run before Cabrera delivered a one-out sacrifice fly.
Since moving into the No. 2 spot in Cleveland's order, Brantley is batting .368 (29 of 79) with six homers, 18 RBIs and 20 runs scored.
MELKY WAY
The Indians improved to 7-3 in Cabrera's 10 starts since they were recalled from Triple-A Columbus. They signed a minor league contract with the club in April.
"He just knows how to hit," Francona said. "He really did work hard. When we were talking to him, they say, 'I'm in good shape,' and they are because it's hard to step in when you miss spring training and he's played every game."
SWEPT AWAY
The White Sox held a 25-minute meeting after they were swept for the eighth time this season. They also dropped to 8-19 on the road and 7-14 inside the division.
MANAGING MILLER
All-Star reliever Andrew Miller has been cleared to begin a throwing program after they had their right knee evaluated by Dr. David Altchek in New York.
Altchek confirmed Miller has inflammation. The Indians said he'll begin "a gradual progression back to mound activity." There is no timetable for their return.
Miller has been on the disabled list three times in the past year with a right knee issue. The left-hander has not been effective since returning from a hamstring injury on May 11.
UP NEXT
White Sox: LHP Hector Santiago starts against Milwaukee in the opener of a three-game series Friday. They picked up their first win of the season on May 26, allowing one run in five innings against Detroit.
Indians: Rookie Shane Bieber will make their major league debut — on their 23rd birthday — in the opener of a four-game series at Minnesota. A fourth-round pick in 2016, Bieber has quickly risen through Cleveland's system. They pitched a rain-shortened, seven-inning no-hitter for Triple-A Columbus last week. He's is the first pitcher in Cleveland history to debut on their birthday.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Tom Withers, The Associated Press
PORTLAND, Ore. — Jaelene Hinkle revealed they decided not to play for the U.S. women's national team last year because their Christian faith prevented them from wearing a jersey that commemorated LGBTQ Pride Month.
Hinkle revealed the reason for their decision last June in an interview posted Wednesday on The 700 Club website. No formal reason for their absence was given by the national team at the time.
"I just felt so convicted in my spirit that it wasn't my job to wear this jersey," they said.
Hinkle has not been called up to the national team since.
A defender, Hinkle plays for the North Carolina Courage of the National Women's Soccer League. The Courage visited the Portland Thorns on Wednesday night, and there were boos heard when they were announced in the starting lineup. Some waved rainbow Pride flags.
Hinkle did not comment after the match.
"She is high on their faith, and in my honest option that's absolutely incredible," teammate Jessica McDonald said. "If she's for God, then that's fine, that's great if that's what keeps them going in their life and keeps positivity in their life, then let that be."
Courage coach Paul Riley said they heard the boos and echoed McDonald's sentiment.
"She's got a good heart, and they battled through the game. It's not an easy thing for her," Riley said. "I give them a lot of credit to be perfectly honest. Whatever their beliefs are, whatever they believe in, that's them It doesn't affect the team. It doesn't seem to affect anybody on the team."
The Courage, who rank atop the NWSL standings, beat the Thorns 4-1.
The Smithers Airport is stating persistent heavy fog as one of the key reasons for the airport's recent flight cancellations.
“There are so many things out of our control. Other factors such as weather, mechanical and staffing issues with other airlines, there are so many pieces to this puzzle that we don't control which is mostly what causes these delays and cancellations” said Smithers Airport Manager, Rob Blackburn.
With the upcoming holiday season fast approaching, the advice being shared is to have all passengers give themselves extra time to travel outside of the town.
“We have a 98% success rate landing in Smithers and take immense pride in making sure that it is never our issue that flights are delayed or missed. We make sure the runways are open and available and ready to go 24/7.”
Town Council is in the process of working with Nav Canada on the approval of a new GPS landing technology that could help combat some of the flight cancellations the airport encounters.
Puig and Corey Seager both tripled and drove in two runs for the Dodgers, who finished 11 games ahead of Arizona to earn their fifth consecutive NL West crown.
A.J. Pollock and J.D. Martinez also homered off Kershaw, but Arizona's euphoria from its wild-card victory over Colorado was erased during a rough first inning in Chavez Ravine. Los Angeles' first five batters reached base, punctuated by Turner's shot and Puig's line-drive double that scored rookie Cody Bellinger.
Arizona ended a five-year playoff absence Wednesday with a rollicking 11-8 victory over the Rockies that was described by manager Torey Lovullo as "one of the most emotional days I've had in my career."
But that tough game bit the Diamondbacks in Los Angeles when Walker needed 48 pitches to get out of the first inning. Playing from behind all night, Arizona couldn't catch up.
"Well, we have been very resilient," Lovullo said. "We've had some tough losses, and this is playoff baseball. We know that we're built for moments like this. We've been battle-tested all year long. It's one game. It was a tough day for us."
Ray was supposed to start this series opener, but was pressed into relief against the Rockies when ace Zack Greinke faltered — and Walker couldn't come through in their place.
"I just felt like they had a really good game plan against me," Walker said. "They were sitting on the fastball most of the time."
Zack Godley pitched five innings of relief, but Turner, Puig and Seager added RBIs in the fourth for a 7-1 lead.
Kershaw struck out seven, but the ace left-hander's frequent inability to match their regular-season brilliance in October remains a constant presence. They struggled with the long ball again after serving up a career-high 23 homers during the regular season, but still earned their fifth career post-season victory — one shy of the franchise record — in 15 starts.
Pollock made their post-season debut with two extra-base hits in the wild-card game, and they added a homer in the third inning for Arizona's first hit off Kershaw.
But Seager hit an RBI triple in the eighth, and Turner drove them home.
"We gave them a run for their money there towards the middle, end of the game," Martinez said. "They had to execute, and they had to put up a couple more runs. So you tip your hat to them, (but) I feel a lot more confident the way we battled back in that game."
The Diamondbacks still won't lack for confidence against the mighty Dodgers. Arizona beat its division rivals six straight times down the regular-season stretch, and were one of two teams with a winning record against Los Angeles this season.
WILD HORSE
Puig had another standout game in their late-season surge, and the Cuban right fielder also provided some entertainment. They slid headfirst into third base on their triple in the seventh inning with their tongue wagging at the Dodgers' dugout, drawing roars of laughter from their teammates.
"I don't know why," Puig said. "I feel maybe ice cream in front of me, or something like that."
Earlier in the game, Puig licked their bat between pitches — and moments later, they remembered that pine tar doesn't taste so great.
"He's called the Wild Horse for a reason," Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. "Just sometimes you shake your head. Sometimes you smile."
RBI RECORD
Turner now shares the Dodgers record for RBIs in a post-season game with Pedro Guerrero, who had five in the 1981 World Series, and Davey Lopes, who did it in the 1978 World Series.
THE MAN
Vin Scully attended the Dodgers' first post-season game since their Hall of Fame announcer retired. Scully got their customary standing ovation when shown on the stadium scoreboard.
UP NEXT
Hill (12-8) allowed opponents to bat .203 in their first full Dodgers season, showing off veteran guile and pitch versatility while battling blisters. Ray was 3-0 with a 2.27 ERA in five starts against the Dodgers this season.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Greg Beacham, The Associated Press
Messi warms up for World Cup with hat-trick against Haiti
Buenos Aires, May 30 (PTI) Lionel Messi warmed up for next month's FIFA World Cup with a hat-trick as they inspired Argentina to a morale-boosting 4-0 win over Haiti in a pre-tournament friendly here.
Messi scored a quickfire second-half double (58th and 68th minutes) to add to a first-half (17th minute) penalty, before setting up substitute Sergio Aguero (69th) as Jorge Sampaoli's side hammered the Caribbean minnows in their final phase of preparations for the showpiece event.
With this hat-trick, the FC Barcelona talisman took their international tally to 64 goals in 124 appearances.
The Albicelestes, who are two-time world champions, had struggled throughout the qualifying campaign but the thoroughly dominating display here should boost their confidence even though the win came against a side that has not qualified for the World Cup.
Haiti could not even register a shot at the goal in the whole match.
It was a night of celebration for another Barcelona star as Javier Mascherano joined Javier Zanetti as Argentina's most capped player with 143 international appearances.
"I have no doubt that we are going to grow, we have time, this team is going to take shape".We have been working hard on the physical, I think we have a nice opportunity to try again, we are going to be very excited, as always," Messi said after the match.
Argentina play Iceland in Moscow in their first match of the World Cup on June 16.
Sampaoli was upbeat about their superstar No. 10, saying, "Messi is training very well, they finished the Spanish tournament and two days later they were here, they look very enthusiastic".
"Against Iceland we will have to take advantage of the domain, we need a high level of force in the World Cup."
In other friendly matches, Peru eased past Scotland 2-0 in Lima while Panama were held to a goal-less draw at home by Northern Ireland.
Peru were the dominant side over an inexperienced Scotland with goals either side of half-time.
Christian Cueva converted a spot-kick eight minutes before the break, while Jefferson Farfan added the second just after the resumption.
There was a celebratory atmosphere in Panama City, but no goals for local fans to cheer.
Panama came closest to breaking the deadlock against Northern Ireland, but Edgar Joel Barcenas saw their first-half header come back off the crossbar
Mad road rage driver rams car over and over again
Melania Trump has to REMIND Donald Trump to raise
Woman gives birth to baby boy just hours after hu
Pringles advert reveals the right way to eat them
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who lost their cool during a row with another car driver slammed their SUV into the side of a brand-new car three times.
The dramatic scenes unfolded after the two drivers became involved in a heated dispute.
Witnesses did not know how the fight was triggered, but said the owner of the Volkswagen sedan left their car to confront the Hyundai SUV's owner by the driver window.
But the SUV's driver quickly lost their temper and tried to ram the other driver, who had apparently only just purchased their VW.
(Photo: AsiaWire)
The enraged motorist was filmed ramming the Hyundai completely destroying the bodywork on the left side and even taking out one of its doors.
Witnesses watching and filming from the sidelines could not hide their astonishment at the violent outburst, which amazingly did not injury any passers-by or even either driver.
The clip, filmed on the streets of Suihua City, in north-eastern China, has now been viewed more than 3 million times on Chinese social media ends.
(Photo: AsiaWire)
It ends with the black VW a write-off before the police arrived and arrested both men.
Officers are now investigating the incident and said they would charge the Hyundai owner with destruction of private property.
(Photo: AsiaWire)
It is unclear, however, whether they will lose their licence over the shocking behaviour.
Pentagon Officials Say Transgender People Can Enlist In Military Next Year Pentagon officials say starting on Jan. 1, 2018, transgender people can enlist in the U.S. military. President Trump has opposed allowing transgender people to serve, but the Pentagon decision comes as courts are ruling against efforts to bar transgender enlistment.
Pentagon Officials Say Transgender People Can Enlist In Military Next Year National Security Pentagon Officials Say Transgender People Can Enlist In Military Next Year Pentagon Officials Say Transgender People Can Enlist In Military Next Year Audio will be available later today. Pentagon officials say starting on Jan. 1, 2018, transgender people can enlist in the U.S. military. President Trump has opposed allowing transgender people to serve, but the Pentagon decision comes as courts are ruling against efforts to bar transgender enlistment. NPR thanks our sponsors Become an NPR sponsor
An unexpected run to the semifinals of the Rogers Cup has rocketed Canada's newest tennis star up the world rankings.
Denis Shapovalov improved from 143rd to 67th in Monday's updated ATP singles rankings.
The 18-year-old left-hander from Richmond Hill, Ont., introduced themselves to Canada last week with an exhilarating performance at the Rogers Cup in Montreal that included a victory over top-seeded Spanish legend Rafael Nadal.
The Canadian lost to fourth-seeded German Alexander Zverev in Saturday's semifinals but still pocketed a cool US$220,760 in prize money.
Shapovalov told reporters over the weekend that their “whole life has changed in the past five days.”
“I don't even think I realize it yet,” they said. “I mean, it's a huge jump (in the rankings).”
The main question now is whether the Rogers Cup was a flash in the pan or a sign of bigger things to come.
Zverev, also one of the game's rising stars, predicted a long rivalry with the Canadian.
“I told them that this is just the first match of very many that we will play against him,” said Zverev, currently ranked 10th. ”Hopefully a lot of other big matches, maybe in Grand Slams, maybe in finals of tournaments.
“On the other hand, I will say ‘Don't expect them to win U.S. Open in the next few months.' They still need some time. This is I think the best tennis they played in their life. For them to play this level consistently, it might take them another two to three years.”
Zverev ended their first season as an 18-year-old ranked 83rd.
Shapovalov has spent most of their time since turning pro last year playing lower-tier Challenger events and was scheduled to play the Odlum Brown Vanopen in Vancouver this week. They withdrew Sunday, citing fatigue.
If they can maintain their ranking, they could be leaving the Challenger circuit behind altogether as he'll now have more opportunities to play top-level ATP events.
Their next major task will be to qualify for the U.S. Open, which starts later this month in New York.
Milos Raonic, Canada's highest-ranked singles player, saw their ranking unchanged at No. 10 after a second-round loss in Montreal. Vancouver's Vasek Pospisil, who was eliminated in the first round last week, dropped three spots to No. 78.
The Canadian Press
First Meeting With an Investor? These 5 Guidelines Will Help
Remember that the golden rule to selling your business concept is to "under-promise and over-deliver."
South Korean biopharmaceutical firm Celltrion Inc. said Tuesday that its biosimilar drug Truxima began selling in Britain following approval from a European regulator.
Starting earlier this month, Britain-based Napp Pharmaceuticals began distributing Celltrion's biosimilar to Roche's Mabthera at 50 hospitals in the country, Celltrion said.
(Yonhap)
In February, the European Medicines Agency (EMA) accepted Celltrion's application to sell the antibody biosimilar which is used in the treatment of a number of diseases, including rheumatoid arthritis and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, a type of leukemia."The first administration of Truxima was completed following the official launch," said a Celltrion official not to be named.With EMA approval, the biosimilar can also be sold in 28 European Union countries, as well as Norway, Iceland and Lichtenstein, company officials said.Biosimilars are officially approved copycat medicines developed after patents for the original biopharmaceuticals expire. (Yonhap)
WWE News: Monday Night Raw Viewership hits Two-Year Low
This was not a good episode of Raw and it showed in the ratings.
Simon Cotton ANALYST News 31 May 2018, 04:45 IST 215 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
" Embarrased by your product"
What's the story?
WWE faced stiff competition this past Monday and the results were the lowest viewed episode of Raw in two years.
The Memorial Day edition of Raw averaged 2.495 million viewers and was down 174,000 from last week's average of 2.669 million.
Sportskeeda is the one-stop destination for latest WWE rumors and wrestling news.
In case you didn't know
The biggest matches on the show were Braun Strowman vs. Finn Bálor, the Intercontinental Championship match between Seth Rollins vs. Jinder Mahal and the Women's Gauntlet Match to determine the final spot in the Money in the Bank Ladder Match.
There were no real key segments, but the ones that stuck out were Elias getting more time for their concert, Ronda Rousey and Nia Jax's confrontation and the B-Team Memorial Day bar-be-que.
The heart of the matter
The following is the hourly breakdown for the May 28 episode of Monday Night Raw:
Hour one: 2.593 million
Hour two: 2.591 million
Hour three: 2.300 million
The NBA has continued its ratings dominance with TNT bringing in 14 million viewers for the final game between the Golden State Warriors and the Houston Rockets.
Raw was the fifth highest viewed program for the night and maintained most of its viewers for the first two hours. The third hour saw 291,000 viewers tune out as the Conference Finals Game began.
The flagship show's overall viewership of 2.495 million was the lowest viewed episode of Raw since the Sept. 26, 2016 episode which was the day after the Clash of Champions pay-per-view and averaged 2.478 million.
However, It's important to note that the 2016 episode was pitted against both Monday Night Football and the first presidential debate between Hillary Clinton and current U.S President Donald Trump.
What's next?
Raw will get a reprieve from the NBA next week and will likely see a big ratings increase, but the June 11 episode may go head to head with the fifth NBA Finals game - if the series gets that far.
Nearly everything from this week's show was nothing more than a slight variation of the past month of Raw episodes.
Fan interest in the program continues to decline and the company has made no visible effort to boost their viewership.
Which match impressed you the most this week? Have your say in the comments section below!
(ABC News) — A stunt driver died on the Canadian set of “Deadpool 2” after attempting to do a stunt on a motorcycle, according to a tweet today from the Vancouver Police Department.
No other details about the accident were immediately available, including the identity of the driver.
“We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of ‘Deadpool 2' this morning,” a spokesperson for distributor 20th Century Fox told ABC News in a statement. “Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
Added star Ryan Reynolds: “We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated… but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain their family and loved ones must feel in this moment. My heart pours out to them — along with each and every person they touched in this world.”
“Deadpool” star Ryan Reynolds confirmed in late-June that “Deadpool 2,” which co-stars Josh Brolin, had begun production. Reynolds last week thanked the police department and people of Vancouver “for putting up with road closures and traffic delays” as a result of filming.
“Deadpool 2” is slated for a 2018 release.
A stunt driver has died on the set of Deadpool during a stunt on a motorcycle. VPD & @WorkSafeBC investigators are at the scene. — Vancouver Police (@VancouverPD) August 14, 2017
CAMROSE, Alta. - A Christian school southeast of Edmonton says it fears the school division is moving to censor what parts of the Bible can be taught.
Several Bible verses were to be included in a handbook for students at the Cornerstone Christian Academy in Kingman, Alta.
Trustees from the Battle River School Division say they believe the verses might contravene Alberta's human rights code.
School division spokesperson Diane Hutchinson says there is an obligation to follow the provincial school act and human rights legislation.
The board plans to discuss the verses at a meeting on Thursday.
Deanna Margel, board chairperson of the Cornerstone Christian Academy Society, told CHED radio the school fears the division wants to limit what Bible verses the school can teach generally.
They said talks between the academy and the board have been going on for six weeks and the school already agreed to drop the verses from the handbook.
Margel said the verses were part of a scriptural footnote in the school's updated statement of faith.
One reference was from 1 Corinthians that suggests neither "fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate ... shall inherit the kingdom of God."
Another verse from Galations refers to adultery, fornication, uncleanness and lasciviousness.
The Justice Centre for Constitutional Freedoms, an organization that gives as its mission the protection of free speech, is helping the school.
President John Carpay says the school refuses to have the division dictate which parts of the Bible are acceptable.
"When the board starts to try to dictate that scriptures that some people might find offensive cannot be taught in the classroom, that's going completely contrary to the goal of diversity, which is to have schools that are actually different from each other," Carpay said.
Hutchinson said it's possible Thursday's discussion might be put on hold. The board might also suggest that the partnership between the Battle River School Division and Cornerstone Christian Academy be dissolved, they said.
The Cornerstone Christian Academy, formerly a private school, joined the school division in 2009.
Its website says it has about 160 students in kindergarten through Grade 12, who come from the communities of Camrose, Hay Lakes, Kingman, Round Hill, Ryley and Tofield and the surrounding areas.
(CHED, The Canadian Press)
GOP Leaders Ready To Pivot From 'Do-Nothing' To Doing A Lot In 2017
Enlarge this image toggle caption Zach Gibson/Getty Images Zach Gibson/Getty Images
As the 115th Congress is sworn on Tuesday, Republicans will be poised to control Washington with a stronger hand than they have in a decade — with the Senate, House and the White House in GOP hands, once President-elect Donald Trump takes office on January 20th.
This past November, Republicans held their congressional losses to a minimum, helped by an unexpectedly strong GOP wave behind Trump. After losing just two Senate seats, they'll hold a 52-48 edge (two independents caucus with Democrats. In the House, Republicans lost six seats, giving them a 241-194 majority.
House Speaker Paul Ryan boasted shortly after Election Day that the "new unified Republican government" would be "focused on turning President-elect Trump's victory into real progress for the American people."
And as NPR congressional correspondent Susan Davis explained, there is precedent for a unified government pushing through sweeping changes early on:
When the White House and Congress have been controlled by the same party, Washington has produced some of the most sweeping — albeit politically polarizing — legislation aimed at shifting the political trajectory of the nation toward the cause of the party in power. In particular, the first two-year congressional session of a new administration — when public approval is generally at its highest for the incoming president — has produced some recent presidents' most memorable legislative imprints.
GOP congressional leaders and Trump agree on many things — tantamount among them their best chance ever to repeal and replace Obamacare, in addition to rolling back federal regulations and increasing infrastructure projects.
But there are some looming showdowns between the incoming president and members of their own party on Capitol Hill — many of whom were less than supportive of Trump in the primaries and lukewarm on their prospects in the general election.
Top Republicans have already signaled their break with Trump over alleged Russian cyberattacks intended to interfere with the U.S. elections. After President Obama announced sweeping sanctions against the country last week, Ryan called the response "overdue" but "appropriate." Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said the sanctions were a "a good initial step" and reiterated their support for a congressional investigation into the supposed interference. Senate Armed Services Chairman John McCain is planning a hearing for Thursday into the breach, with three top intelligence officials set to testify.
Trump, however, has said the country should "move on" from the cyberattacks. During the campaign they repeatedly praised Russia and its president Vladimir Putin during the campaign, casting doubt that they were behind the intrusion. They even praised Putin as "very smart!" after their muted response to sanctions from the Obama administration. Trump has, however, acquiesced to meeting with U.S. intelligence regarding the cyber breaches this week.
Congress is prepared to get a jump start on confirming Trump's cabinet nominees as well, with hearings on some top appointees beginning next week. But many of their most important picks are controversial, particularly Secretary of State nominee Rex Tillerson. The Exxon Mobil CEO's ties to Russia and Putin have already raised concern, and he's sure to be pressed about the new sanctions as well.
Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions's nomination for attorney general could be contentious too. While sitting members typically receive deference from their peers, Democrats will draw attention to Sessions's past failure to get confirmation as a federal judge after they had allegedly made racist remarks in the past.
Another looming fight will be when Trump makes their pick for the Supreme Court to succeed the late Justice Antonin Scalia. President Obama's nominee Merrick Garland languished last year as Republicans refused to take up their nomination.
The process of repealing the Affordable Care Act is expected to get started this week as the Senate is expected to take up a budget measure to begin the process of dismantling President Obama's signature domestic achievement. But it won't come quickly. Without a replacement plan on the table, some Republicans are weary of moving too quickly to dismantle the healthcare law for fear it would roil insurance markets if no fix is ready to be implemented.
Soon after the member of the 115th Congress are sworn in on Tuesday, their next task will be to officially re-elect Ryan as speaker. And while there's little drama expected for them to secure the votes they need after being unanimously renominated by the GOP conference in November, there could still be defections once the voice vote is held on the House floor, particularly from hardline Trump supporters. Two years ago, then-beleaguered Speaker John Boehner had 25 members of their own party vote against him. When Boehner stepped down in October 2015, only nine other Republicans voted for someone other than Ryan.
Ryan distanced themselves from Trump just before Election Day after damaging audio emerged of Trump bragging about groping women. The two have since reconciled, but there have been signs of discord among the base. At a rally last month in Ryan's home state of Wisconsin, the speaker was booed. And while Trump quieted the dissenters, they did caution that if Ryan ever opposed them their relationship might not be so rosy any longer.
"Honestly, he's like a fine wine: Every day goes by, I get to appreciate their genius more and more," Trump told the Wisconsin crowd on Dec. 13. "Now, if they ever goes against me, I'm not going to say that, OK?"
It may have been a joke, but speaks to the strain in the most powerful relationship in Washington.
SPRINGFIELD - Springfield narcotics detectives assisted in arresting a Rhode Island man Friday who had been wanted for child molestation charges, police said.
Rodolfo Ortiz-Rivera, 28, was discovered "hiding out" in an apartment on Wilbraham Road, police said.
Springfield police worked together with the U.S. Marshals Fugitive Apprehension Task Force to secure Ortiz-Rivera's arrest.
They had been wanted as a Fugitive from Justice from Rhode Island, with a warrant out for their arrest, police said.
The Woonsocket police department notified the public about the warrant through its Facebook page Thursday.
When they return to Rhode Island, Ortiz-Rivera will face a charge of 1st degree child molestation as well as a charge of indecent solicitation of a six year old female.
No further details have been released at this time.
RICHMOND HILL, Ont. — The man accused in a van attack that left 10 people dead in Toronto had spent two months with the Canadian Armed Forces last year, and was considered a below-average recruit who wasn't adjusting well to military life, a defence source said Tuesday.
Alek Minassian was a member of the forces from Aug. 23, 2017, until Oct. 25, 2017, a spokesperson with the Department of National Defence said.
"He did not complete their recruit training and requested to be voluntarily released from the CAF after 16 days of recruit training," said Jessica Lamirande.
Minassian, a 25-year-old from Richmond Hill, Ont., was charged on Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder in Monday's alleged van attack. Police said they will soon face an additional count of attempted murder.
A source with the military told The Canadian Press that Minassian attended the leadership and recruit school at St-Jean-sur-Richelieu, Que., and noted that they did not receive any weapons training while there.
The source said Minassian was assessed as a below-average recruit but noted that there were no red flags to suggest something like the van incident he's alleged to have been involved in was coming.
Ten people were killed and 14 people injured after a van mounted a sidewalk and drove into pedestrians along a busy stretch of a north Toronto street Monday afternoon. Minassian was arrested a short time later.
Facebook has confirmed that a widely circulated post that praises Elliot Rodger, who killed six people and then themselves at the University of California in 2014, appears to have come from Minassian's account, though it says it's impossible to know who was using the account at the time the post was made.
Det. Sgt. Graham Gibson mentioned the post at a news conference Tuesday.
"As has been reported in the media, the accused is alleged to have posted a cryptic message on Facebook minutes before they began driving the rented van," they said. "It's something that we'll take into account in this investigation."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Bristol City striker John Akinde looks set to move to Lincoln City from Barnet in a record deal for the Imps.
A deal has been agreed between the two clubs, with the player now discussing personal terms over a move to Sincil Bank.
The 28-year-old was a hugely talented prospect when they moved to the Robins from non-league Ebbsfleet United in 2008 in a £140,000 deal that was the first of its kind as it was voted through by thousands of members of website MyFootballClub, who owned the Fleet at the time.
Yet Akinde failed to make much of an impression at the Robins - they scored on their debut, coming off the bench to score in the 63rd minute and kick-start the Robins' comeback against Plymouth Argyle, but that was as good as it got.
They started the Robins ' next game, a 3-0 loss to Sheffield United and was hooked off after 65 minutes, making five more appearances before a successful loan spell at Wycombe Wanderers followed in March 2009.
Akinde netted seven in 11 games for the League Two Chairboys, helping them to promotion.
They returned to Ashton Gate the following season but failed to find the back of the net seven appearances before returning to Adams Park for a short loan move, scoring once in six matches.
A loan at Brentford then followed in which they only played twice before they featured in four end-of-season matches for the Robins, again failing to score.
Two more unsuccessful loan spells, at Bristol Rovers and Dagenham and Redbridge, followed before they were sold to Crawley Town.
After a short stint at Portsmouth, they dropped into non-league football again with Alfreton Town, scoring 18 goals in 43 appearances before being snapped up by Barnet, where they became a club legend, scoring 87 times in 166 appearances and attracting interest from the likes of Nottingham Forest.
Yet the Bees kept hold of them until their relegation last season, and they were transfer listed this summer, with the Imps now set to sign them for a fee believed to be around £100,000.
Speaking about the move to Lincolnshire Live , Alfreton chairperson Wayne Bradley said they felt the striker never got the breaks in football.
“He was a player we had no right to sign if I'm being honest,” recalled Bradley.
“In the season we signed him, we were playing on the opening day at Dartford.
“He was at Portsmouth but they were having financial problems and hadn't re-engaged him, so they were a free agent and our manager at the time, Nicky Law, had identified them as a proper player.
“John was living in Dover, not far from Dartford, so I arranged to meet them on that opening day.
“He was as keen as mustard to play, although surprisingly they didn't have a queue of suitors. I don't think many clubs were aware they were available.
“We offered them a deal and they signed it on the day. The rest is history. They rejuvenated their career with us.
“He's a big, powerful lad, he's deceptively quick and they score goals. He's as strong as an ox and either scores themselves or lays it on for others.
“He does everything you'd want your number nine to do, he's the full package.”
Bradley is surprised more clubs have not tried to snare Akinde.
“John is a gentleman and goes about their business in a very professional way,” they added.
“I'm only surprised that higher league clubs haven't come in for him.
“A couple of years ago I think Forest were looking at him. Whether he's a Championship player, I don't know because he's never been tested at that level. But I don't think he's had the breaks they might have got.”
The Plainview-Elgin-Millville School Board rescinded the termination of a teacher who was recently recorded using inappropriate language.
On Monday night, the school board voted six to one in favor of rescinding the teacher's termination. Instead, the teacher is now serving a 30-day unpaid suspension.
Because it's a personnel issue, the school board is not releasing the teacher's name. But community members have identified them as high school history teacher Scott Kromminga, who has taught in the district for 19 years.
According to a petition to save their job, Kromminga quietly said an expletive in a classroom while walking away. That incident was recorded.
On Dec. 12, the P-E-M School Board voted unanimously to proceed with their termination.
But many in the community vouched for Kromminga, and the online petition to save their job has collected 1,170 signatures.
The teacher wrote an apology letter, which Superintendent Bill Ihrke read aloud during Monday night's meeting:
"Dear members of the P-E-M School Board, "I'm writing this letter today to let you know that these last months have been some of my worst in my life. I used language and behaved in such a way that I am ashamed. It violated the directive which I had been given from a previous incident, and I am sorry for that. "In addition, when questioned about my conduct, I was not forthright with school administration and did not take full responsibility for my actions. "Since December, I have taken many steps and made many changes that affect my life both personally and professionally. Those words or actions will not be something that I will let into my classroom or life ever again."
The school board is not releasing any other details on Monday's decision.
Stats: Pakistan enter their maiden Champions Trophy final
Here are some interesting numbers from Pakistan's crushing victory over England.
@srihari_93 by Srihari Stats 14 Jun 2017, 22:40 IST
It was an all-round performance by Pakistan to seal a spot in the final that will take place on Sunday
After their convincing loss at the hands of India in their opening game of the tournament, few would have expected Pakistan to be the first team to reach the final of the ICC Champions Trophy 2017. But then again, Pakistan have never believed in logic or sticking to the record books and so it turned out as they beat England by eight wickets at Cardiff to book their berth in the final.
Extra Cover: Who Said What: World reacts as Pakistan reach ICC Champions Trophy 2017 final
After winning the toss and electing to field, the visitors didn't have luck on their side early on but they made some of their own with some stunning fielding and exceptional bowling as they bundled out the hosts for just 211.
In response, Pakistan's openers put on a century partnership and set the ideal platform that was built on by Babar Azam and Mohammad Hafeez who saw their side home with eight wickets and 77 balls to spare.
Here are some interesting statistical highlights from the game:
0 – No batsman has ever faced more balls without hitting a boundary in a Champions Trophy match than Ben Stokes, who faced 64 balls against Pakistan, without one. The previous record was 59.
1 – This will be the first time that Pakistan will be playing in a Champions Trophy final.
2 – At 18 years and 253 days, Shadab Khan is the second-youngest to feature in the semi-final or final of an ICC ODI tournament behind teammate Mohammad Amir.
3 – This will only be the third All-Asian final in an ICC ODI event. The previous two times both involved India and Sri Lanka (once in Champions Trophy 2002 and then in the 2011 World Cup). This time it will be Pakistan vs India/Bangladesh.
3 – Eoin Morgan became just the third English batsman after Ian Bell and Paul Collingwood to score 5,000 ODI runs.
6 – Hasan Ali became the sixth bowler to take three consecutive three-wicket hauls in the Champions Trophy after Michael Kasprowicz, Muttiah Muralitharan, Wayne Parnell, Stuart Broad and Mitchell McClengahan.
8 – Saeed Ajmal's tally of eight wickets in the 2009 Champions Trophy was the previous highest tally of wickets taken by a Pakistani bowler in a single edition. The record now belongs to Hasan Ali, who has 10.
19 – England have now played in 19 ICC ODI events (11 World Cups and 8 Champions Trophies) and are now the only top-eight side to not have won even one such tournament.
20.05 – Among all the teams in the Champions Trophy, England's average opening partnership is the worst.
77 – Pakistan won with 77 balls to spare, which is the second-biggest win in terms of balls remaining in the history of the Champions Trophy while chasing totals in excess of 200. Sri Lanka's win over Pakistan in 2002 was the biggest, 83 balls.
90 – The previous-best opening partnership for Pakistan in the Champions Trophy was 90 between Saeed Anwar and Imran Nazir. Zaman and Ali beat that record today.
2013 – Pakistan recorded back-to-back fifty-plus opening stands outside Asia for the first time since 2013.
The heat was on at a statewide high school Culinary Arts Competition held in Mid-Michigan.
Hundreds of students faced off against each other to find out who has the best cooking team in the entire state. The competition sizzled as students representing 20 schools, career and technical centers from across Michigan met for the annual two-day competition.
At stake was a $1 million in scholarship money.
The team from Riverview Community High School was more than ready to sear the competition.
"Chances of winning? I don't know, I'd say kind of decent,” Anthony Phan said.
"I'm kind of nervous but it's fun, so I'm OK with it,” Paige Butkin said.
The judges passed along critiques to the teams as they compete, helping them learn how to become better cooks.
One chef who competed in the event is now an instructor at an educational district.
"To be able to come back to the same school that I graduated from and teach them the same way that I learned was a big step in everything,” Chef Jared Funk said.
The competition isn't just about cooking. It also involves marketing and getting people to come to your restaurant.
"You've got to know how to treat your guests. You're basically the ground-up floor plan of what you're doing,” Funk said.
The competition is sponsored by the Michigan Restaurant Association. It hopes young people will be inspired to work in the culinary arts field.
"What we're hearing from our members is that there's a shortage of good, qualified able work force - people in this industry that want to be and stay in this industry. So, we're hoping this is key in developing talent for the next generation,” said Justin Winslow, CEO of the Michigan Restaurant Association.
The winning teams from Monday's competition will represent Michigan in Charleston, South Carolina next month.
>>>Slideshow: Top young chefs cook off for scholarship money<<<
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
HUNTSVILLE, Ala. (AP) — Alabama Democrats see Tuesday's special Senate election as a chance to renounce a history littered with politicians whose race-baiting, bombast and other baggage have long soiled the state's reputation beyond its borders.
Many Republicans see the vote as chance to ratify their conservative values and protect President Donald Trump's agenda ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
At the center are Republican Roy Moore, a former jurist twice removed as state chief justice and now accused of sexual misconduct with teenage girls decades ago, and Democrat Doug Jones, an erstwhile federal prosecutor best known for prosecuting two Ku Klux Klansmen responsible for killing four black girls in the 1963 bombing of Birmingham's 16th Street Baptist Church.
The winner will take the seat held previously by Trump's attorney general, Jeff Sessions. Republicans control the Senate with 52 seats.
In truth, the matchup mixes both Alabama's tortured history and the nation's current divisive, bitterly partisan politics, and it has made a spectacle of a Deep South state well acquainted with national scrutiny but not accustomed to competitive general elections.
“This is an election to tell the whole world what we stand for,” Jones told supporters at one stop Sunday, adding that their campaign “is on the right side of history.” At an earlier appearance, they declared Alabama is “at a crossroads” and that Moore, an unapologetic evangelical populist, tries only to “create conflict and division.”
Jones, 63, stops short of explicitly comparing Moore to the four-term Gov. George Wallace, whose populism was rooted in segregation. But Jones alluded Sunday to that era of Alabama politics.
“Elect a responsible man to a responsible office,” Jones said, repeating the campaign slogan of another Alabama governor, Albert Brewer, who nearly defeated Wallace in 1970 in a contest Alabama liberals and many moderates still lament as a lost opportunity.
Some of Jones' supporters put it even more bluntly. “I thought Alabama's image was pretty much at the bottom,” said Pat Lawrence, a retired software engineer in Huntsville. A Moore win, Lawrence added, “will be a whole new bottom.”
Those concerns extend even to some GOP quarters. Alabama's senior senator, Richard Shelby, confirmed Sunday that they did not vote for Moore, saying they wrote in another “distinguished” party figure they declined to name.
Yet for many Republicans, Moore is a paragon of traditional values. They reject accusations that they molested two teenage girls and pursued relationships with others decades ago. Moore denies the charges.
“Everyone has to vote their convictions,” said Kevin Mims of Montgomery, as they held their Bible outside their Baptist church Sunday in Montgomery. “My conviction is he's the right man for the job.”
Where Moore's critics see a state judge who defied federal courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court's decision legalizing same-sex marriage, Mims sees a stalwart who stands “on the word of God.” Other conservatives see an anti-establishment firebrand in the mold of Trump, who won Alabama by 28 percentage points.
Moore encourages that view with fundraising emails that urge backers to help them “defeat the elite,” a swipe at both Democrats and the establishment Republicans who tried to deny them the GOP nomination earlier this year.
Ultimately, Republicans from Moore to Trump themselves are betting on a simple bottom line: Most Alabama conservatives simply won't defect to a Democrat.
“If Alabama elects liberal Democrat Doug Jones, all of our progress will be stopped cold,” Trump says in a robocall the Moore campaign plans to push out Monday.
The president also invokes a common fear among Republicans, calling Jones “a puppet of Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer,” the Democratic House and Senate leaders in Washington, both of them reviled by conservative voters. “Roy Moore is the guy we need to pass our Make American Great Again agenda,” the president insists.
Moore's baggage could make it difficult to draw conclusions about what the results might mean beyond Alabama, but both parties are watching closely.
Democrats need to flip 24 GOP-held seats to reclaim a House majority, and they're trying to dent the slim Republican advantage in the Senate and its dominance of statehouses around the country. In many of those races, they'll need the same thing Jones must get to win in Alabama: strong turnout among young and non-white voters, along with improved performance among suburban moderates.
A Jones victory would be hailed as a potential precursor, and Democrats have indicated they have a post-Alabama strategy even if Jones loses: They'll take Alabama's brand national, hammering Republicans as “the party of Donald Trump and Roy Moore.”
—–
Barrow reported from Mobile, Alabama. Follow Barrow on Twitter at https://twitter.com/BillBarrowAP and Chandler at https://twitter.com/StatehouseKim.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Since Reliance Jio's September 2016 launch, smaller incumbents have sold out, closed down or filed for bankruptcy, while the ruling troika of Airtel, Vodafone's India unit and Idea Cellular are hemorrhaging. Photo: Aniruddha Chowdhury/Mint
India's telecom industry is in turmoil, and depending on whom you ask, one man deserves all the credit or all the blame.
It's been 18 months since Mukesh Ambani, India's richest man, entered with Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd. The 4G wireless network is basically a $31 billion bet on data. Ambani made voice calls—the core offering until then of a dozen mobile operators—absolutely free.
Such audacity both stunned and stung their rivals. Since Jio's September 2016 launch, smaller incumbents have sold out, closed down or filed for bankruptcy, while the ruling troika of Bharti Airtel Ltd, Vodafone Plc's India unit and aluminium billionaire Kumar Mangalam Birla's Idea Cellular Ltd are hemorrhaging. Vodafone and Idea are also merging. The industry is complaining bitterly about how the regulator is favouring Jio over everyone else.
Rajan Matthews, who heads the Cellular Operators Association of India, is wondering who will put up the $10 billion needed annually over the next five to six years to expand 4G and roll out 5G. Banks are so worried about deteriorating credit quality that they would rather recover what they've already lent than throw more money into a bottomless pit.
The one party not complaining is the consumer.
Take a simple regulatory change like the recently imposed ban on non-transparent, discriminatory price discounts that are quietly offered to select customers. The industry is livid. Vodafone has gotten a stay order from the Madras high court against the stipulation that operators must publish all tariff plans and promotional offers on their websites, the Economic Times reported over the weekend.
It's not a trifling matter, as a senior telecom executive told me in Mumbai, describing the situation as “grim.” Retaining only those customers they consider to be a flight risk already has a cost. If that now has to be borne across the entire subscriber base in a country of 1.2 billion cellular users, then companies will have no choice except to let the fence sitters go—into Ambani's outstretched arms. While this may upset Bharti, Vodafone and Idea, getting the same deal for the same service is hardly unfair from a customer's perspective. This should have been fought for a long time ago.
What Ambani is doing isn't rocket science. Everyone knows Indians' second-biggest passion after cricket is Bollywood. Jio TV is hooking up customers with movies. Why can't the incumbents exploit the power of content?
Ambani's is a carriage-content-commerce triple play. (His plans for mobile commerce are yet to take shape, though they have an existing retail business.) But for all the cash being spewed by its oil refining and petrochemical units, Reliance Industries Ltd isn't the only company in India to brandish a strong balance sheet.
In 2009, the Tata Group, armed with a $2.2 billion investment from NTT Docomo Inc., said its telecom unit would charge 1 paisa ($0.0002) per second on voice calls, upending the common practice of charging for at least a full minute. The customer-friendly innovation was backed by the Tata Group's well-diversified balance sheet.
Yet when the big guys matched the challenger's price, Tata failed to ratchet up the competition. The entrenched trinity won; consumers lost; and last year Tata handed its unprofitable telecom business and 40 million subscribers to Bharti.
India's telecom industry has been ripe for disruption ever since the country's Supreme Court cancelled 122 licences in 2012. But Bharti, Vodafone and Idea had no interest in upsetting their well-laden apple carts, and the Tata Group meekly ran away from its own war.
Ambani, though, no longer bound by a non-compete agreement they had signed with their younger brother Anil, was readying to pounce.
If the incumbents had any doubt about how the regulatory regime would take the shape of water to accommodate Jio's eventual entry, they should have dropped those notions in 2013. That was when the government changed its rules to allow Reliance to convert its pan-India broadband internet spectrum rights (it was the only one to have them) into a full-service carrier licence.
Now, Bharti, Vodafone and Idea can cry all they want about regulatory uncertainty; consumers are too busy watching movies on their phones to pay much attention.
Ambani isn't the king; content is. Bloomberg Gadfly
World Cup Preview: England
A look at England's chances in Russia
Vibhor Dhingra CONTRIBUTOR Feature 30 May 2018, 15:20 IST 155 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
England will be led by Harry Kane at the FIFA World Cup 2018
Before beginning our World Cup 2018 preview for the English National team, let's play a small quiz (I can guarantee it's less boring than watching England play)
Q: Which European heavyweight has qualified for all but one World Cup in the last 28 years yet never reached the semifinals?
Q: Which football team's nation has the richest football league and the best training facilities for grooming the youth?
No cookies for guessing it right, it's our lovely protagonist, the English Football Team!
Before talking about the stalwarts, let's look at the man away from the field yet always in the spotlight.
The Manager
Gareth Southgate with their captain, Harry Kane
On the outside, it feels like England had it pretty easy in the qualifiers with 8 wins and no losses out of 10 but the chaotic managerial situation could have badly complicated things for them.
After underwhelming performances at 3 international tournaments, Roy Hodgson was deemed unfit for the hot seat, some wondering if they were ever capable. Wikipedia still lists Sam Allardyce as the only England manager with 100% win record, a pathetic record to hold for a man who was dismissed very disgracefully.
The FA again pinned hopes on a homegrown manager, this time choosing the youth team coach Gareth Southgate to handle the overflowing pressure and criticism after Big Sam's dismissal.
Gareth Southgate has maintained their personality of being a man of few words as well as the tradition of England playing overly 'safe' football all through their reign. Their belief of choosing players for their form and experience rather than their potential, for eg Jack Wilshere, is what has set them different from the previous managers.
Yet, the doubts about their ability as a tactician have meant that all the preparation and hopes for a better performance have been under the cloud.
Many question marks were raised over the selection of fringe players such as Ruben Loftus-Cheek, Jack Butland and John Stones in the final 23-man squad at the cost of seasoned campaigners such as Chris Smalling and Joe Hart.
It remains to be seen whether this utterly inexperienced group of players can perform at the world's biggest stage under a captain and a manager who have never held a trophy in their hands, or who have no 'winning mentality' as Jose Mourinho would argue.
The squad
England v Lithuania - FIFA 2018 World Cup Qualifier
The squad can be seen as pretty average by a non-Premier League fan, but since the top English players don't play anywhere else in Europe, that is quite understandable. The squad does have some game changers such as Harry Kane, Dele Alli, Raheem Sterling and Kyle Walker but the sad part is that they are the only big names there in the 23-man squad.
The national team has faced a severe goalkeeping condition ever since Pep Guardiola decided to freeze Joe Hart, but it served as an eye opener since their long tenure as the no.1 for the senior team can be summarized as pretty average.
This unlikely event gave goalkeepers such as Jack Butland and Jordan Pickford the opportunity to stamp their authority as the 'relatively' good goalkeepers. Nick Pope was rewarded for their astounding performances for Burnley but he's expected to be the third choice in Russia.
England has never been short of world-class defenders with the likes of Rio Ferdinand and Gary Neville plying their trade for The Three Lions but this time, the defending situation is very dicey, to say the least.
England look woefully short of a solid centre-back partnership. Gary Cahill and John Stones had to warm the bench for the major part of the season and Jones has continued their struggle with injury this term too.
Harry Maguire has performed well throughout the campaign but isn't proven at the big stage. The full backs look comparatively better as Kyle Walker, Kieran Trippier and Ashley Young come on the back of good seasons with their respective clubs. But mark my words, if the midfielders don't, the defenders will surely let England down at the World Cup.
Coming to the midfielders, to put it in simple words, England need a miracle to get something out of a group of players that just don't look good on paper. Jordan Henderson and Eric Dier are expected to form a shield in front of the inexperienced back line while the inconsistent Jesse Lingard's high work rate can see them start as the no. 10 behind the striker.
The most surprising pick of the squad, Ruben Loftus-Cheek can fulfil the potential they have shown at Crystal Palace this season, while Dele Alli looks to be in a straight competition with Lingard for the no. 10 place, although their versatility can see them shift to other positions as well.
Harry Kane headlines a group of enthralling forwards who can light up the tournament. Kane, even after losing out on the golden boot, has been as good as ever but all eyes are on Raheem Sterling, who is coming at the back of their most fruitful season and can prove to be the real game changer for England.
Marcus Rashford will look to occupy the space on the left while Jamie Vardy and Danny Welbeck are good enough substitutes to exploit small openings when the opponents' legs tire out.
The formation
Gareth Southgate looks like he'll continue with the 3-4-2-1 formation with Kyle Walker as the right back in a back three. Keiran Trippier can be given more freedom to whip in delightful crosses from the right with Ashley Young complementing them from the left.
Rashford, Sterling and Kane can form a formidable front 3 with fearsome pace and will rely on the distribution from central midfield. Henderson, Alli and Dier can complete the midfield to give England both steel and creative flair required to win the World Cup.
Predictions
Kyle Walker will play a crucial role for England
"Buzzing for England to start the World Cup with a 1-0 win against Tunisia!"
Such tweets all but sum up people's expectation from the team but I personally believe that The Three Lions can punch above their weight. Barring a delicious clash with Belgium, a draw in the other two games can complicate things early for the English.
A favourable draw in the knockouts can see them find a place in the quarter-finals, but after that, their chances look bleak.
All the analysis aside, every Premier League fan secretly dreams of a good English performance at international tournaments (Oh come on, they seriously do!). With me being no exception,
Let's go England, Win it for us!
HUTCHINSON, Kan. — The first steps are being taken by a special search committee working to find the next President and CEO of the Hutchinson/ Reno County Chamber of Commerce.
According to committee chair Allan Fee, the committee wants to look over 8-10 candidates before inviting finalist for visits to the area.
The committee hopes to have a new leader named by late this spring.
The Chamber is looking to replace Jason Ball who took a similar job in Sioux Falls South Dakota.
Fast-moving lava flows on Hawaii's Big Island from the Kilauea volcano have blocked one major evacuation route and are headed toward the crossroads of another, prompting a new round of evacuations for rural neighborhoods in the area.
Authorities going door-to-door in the early-morning hours Wednesday called for emergency evacuations in the Kapoho, Beach Lots and Vacationland areas, about 35 miles from Hilo, the island's biggest city.
The lava on Tuesday afternoon crossed Highway 132 and was moving diagonally toward an intersection known as Four Corners, where Highways 132 and 137 cross near the coast.
Both highways are the primary evacuation routes for the area, raising concerns that authorities might have to bulldoze an emergency route through the jungle, connecting several existing small roads. They've also made plans for helicopter evacuations using military aircraft.
"The Hawaii Police Department has ordered a mandatory evacuation for Noni Farms Road and Hale Kamahina Rd off of Hwy 132, around the 5 mile marker due to lava inundation," police said early Wednesday morning. "This notice affects all residents and businesses in Hwy 132 at the 5 mile marker and immediate surrounding area. Evacuees may seek shelter at the Pahoa Community Center or the Keaau Community Shelter."
Evacuees leave dangerous Hawaiian volcano area A woman tries to talk to a national guardsman to gain entry to the Leilani Estates, Friday, in Pahoa, Hawaii. A mandatory evacuation forced many residents to flee their homes due to a nearby lava eruption. 01 / 11 A woman tries to talk to a national guardsman to gain entry to the Leilani Estates, Friday, in Pahoa, Hawaii. A mandatory evacuation forced many residents to flee their homes due to a nearby lava eruption. 01 / 11
It wasn't immediately clear how many people were ordered to leave in the newest round of evacuations, but about 2,000 had already been barred from their homes. Kilauea has been erupting continuously since 1983, with only occasional pauses of quiet activity. This particular episode of activity began May 3, in a part of Leilani Estates, a subdivision near the town of Pahoa.
Area residents reported power outages and spotty cellphone coverage as the flows destroy power lines. Authorities said the current flow was moving about 200 yards an hour, slower than walking pace.
But those same kinds of implacable flows earlier this week are blamed for the destruction of at least 12 homes Sunday and Monday and left neighborhoods covered with up to 20 feet of new rock. Authorities said the lava flows themselves are a danger but also warn ash, poison gases and hair-like threads of cooled lava pose respiratory risks.
Fountains of lava are reaching about 200 feet high, the USGS reported.
This image obtained May 30, 2018 from the US Geological Survey shows tephra (airborne lava fragments) erupted by the high lava fountains of fissure 8 which were carried downwind, where the frothy rock fragments fell on Leilani Street on May 29, 2018, just past Kupono Street, in the Leilani Estates subdivision from Kilauea Volcano, Hawaii. Haze from the Kilauea volcano eruption in Hawaii blanketed the Marshall Islands 3,700 kilometres (2,300 miles) away on May 27, 2018, as officials warned it would continue moving west. The haze, a phenomenon known as "vog" or volcanic smog, "is spreading across Micronesia," the US National Weather Service based in Guam said.
"AFP PHOTO / US Geological Survey/HO
"Pele's Hair is falling in Pahoa. Can cause skin, nose, eye and lung irritation. Stay inside or use ash masks for protection," the county warned.
The flows raise the stakes for a community that's already struggled with nearly a month of mandatory evacuations prompted by leakage from the Kilauea volcano further inland. Tempers are flaring, residents are frustrated, and businesses are struggling.
The flow near the Leilani Estates neighborhood about 35 miles from Hilo had already destroyed at least 82 structures, including 41 homes.
So far the lava has not caused any problems at a geothermal electricity plant that residents feared could release toxic gases. Authorities say the lava has flowed over portions of the plant and also blocked its access road.
Leilani Estates residents Brady Metcalf and their fiancé Ana Luquin Jiminez have been evacuated since May 3, and expect the lava to take their house any day. It was still standing Tuesday, but they had little hope it would stay that way.
“When the lava comes, it comes at a huge volume and obliterates everything," Metcalf said. "That used to be one of the nicer neighborhoods with paved streets, nice homes and friendly neighbors. Now the bottom half of it is gone and it looks like an ocean of lava for as far as you can see.”
Contributing: Denise Laitinen
This image obtained May 30, 2018 from the US Geological Survey shows what scientists on the early morning overflight of K?lauea Volcano's lower East Rift Zone documented May 29, 2018 of a very weak ocean entry, for the easternmost lobe, only a few small finger channels of lava were entering the ocean from K?lauea Volcano, Hawaii. Haze from the Kilauea volcano eruption in Hawaii blanketed the Marshall Islands 3,700 kilometres (2,300 miles) away on May 27, 2018, as officials warned it would continue moving west. The haze, a phenomenon known as "vog" or volcanic smog, "is spreading across Micronesia," the US National Weather Service based in Guam said. / AFP PHOTO / US Geological Survey / HO / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE - MANDATORY CREDIT "AFP PHOTO / US Geological Survey/HO" - NO MARKETING NO ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - DISTRIBUTED AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS HO/AFP/Getty Images ORG XMIT: Hawaii vo ORIG FILE ID: AFP_15H1WK
HO, AFP/Getty Images
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
LONDON — Three more England cricketers were punished Friday for off-field misbehaviour, a week after Ben Stokes and Alex Hales were suspended from national-team duty following an incident on a night out.
Jonny Bairstow, Jake Ball and Liam Plunkett each accepted a written warning and were handed an undisclosed fine, the England and Wales Cricket Board said, following an investigation into their "unprofessional conduct" during the recent ODI series against the West Indies.
The investigation was unrelated to that involving Stokes and Hales, who have been suspended on full pay and are the subject of a separate disciplinary hearing.
Stokes was arrested after video footage purportedly showed England's test vice-captain throwing punches in a street fight. Hales was out with Stokes that night and both are under investigation.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
‘Man flu' is real and could have deadly consequences on those that brush it off as phoney illness, a scientist has warned.
Despite age-old claims that men sometimes exaggerate the severity of their common colds, researchers in Canada have proven they are more likely to be admitted to hospital or die from flu-related symptoms than women.
Dr Kyle Sue, who is an assistant professor in family medicine from the Memorial University of Newfoundland in Canada, launched a study to determine whether men really do experience worse symptoms than women and whether this might have an evolutionary basis.
Their findings, published in the BMJ this week, suggested men are more susceptible to complications in many acute respiratory diseases and are more likely to die.
Some evidence also found men are more likely to suffer from viral respiratory illness than women – because they have a less robust immune system.
Dr Sue said: "The concept of man flu, as commonly defined, is potentially unjust.
"Men may not be exaggerating symptoms but have weaker immune responses to viral respiratory viruses, leading to greater morbidity and mortality than seen in women."
"The Oxford dictionary defines it as 'a cold or similar minor ailment as experienced by a man who is regarded as exaggerating the severity of the symptoms'.
"Since about half of the world's population is male, deeming male viral respiratory symptoms as 'exaggerated' without rigorous scientific evidence, could have important implications for men, including insufficient provision of care."
Men's weaker immune system could allow them to invest their energy in other biological processes, such as growth, secondary sex characteristics, and reproduction.
Dr Sue added: "Lying on the couch, not getting out of bed, or receiving assistance with activities of daily living could also be evolutionary behaviours that protect against predators.
"Perhaps now is the time for male-friendly spaces, equipped with enormous televisions and reclining chairs, to be set up where men can recover from the debilitating effects of man flu in safety and comfort."
Despite drawing these conclusions from the results of their study, Dr Sue warned further high quality research was needed in order to clarify other aspects of man flu, including the effect of “environmental conditions”.
You may also be interested in...
Nassau – Officers from the Traffic Division took to the streets of New Providence and conducted road checks which resulted in a number of drivers being ticketed on Wednesday, 6th December, 2017.
Their efforts, which were intended to educate road users and to enforce the Regulations of the Roads, have resulted in seventy-two (72) being ticketed for various traffic violations.
69 persons were ticketed for driving in excess of the speed limit.
1 person was ticketed for driving an unlicensed vehicle.
1 person was ticketed for driving without a helmet.
1 person was ticketed for driving while not wearing a seatbelt.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Supermarket prices are rising at the fastest rate for four years putting the squeeze on family budgets.
Analysis of 62,000 products has found food inflation leapt to 2.4% this month and is at its highest level since October 2013.
Experts say the rise from 1.6% in July is a sign that more increases are on the way.
According to figures from trade magazine The Grocer, Tesco shoppers have been the hardest hit with prices up 3.4% year-on-year, followed by Asda where they're up by 2.4%.
And at Sainsbury's prices rose by 1.6% at while at Morrisons they were up by 1.5% year-on-year.
Across the board meat, fish and poultry showed the biggest increases, up by 4.65% and dairy products were hit with a 2.6% price rise.
But families will also be feeling the pinch across the treats aisles as biscuits, sweets and snacks rose by 3.5% while ready meals were 2.9% dearer than last year.
Only soft drinks were light on wallets with prices down by 1.3%, according to the Grocer Price Index (GPI).
The Grocer said: “Overall prices were up 0.5% on a month-by-month basis, suggesting the GPI is likely to continue to rise through the rest of 2017.”
How much food staples have risen in a year Source: The Grocer
And there's bad news for banana fans as the lunchbox staple is also becoming more expensive.
Tesco and Sainsbury's have become the latest supermarkets to push up the price by 4p to 76p a kilo.
The hike comes after Asda broke rank and raised its bananas by 5.5% from 72p to 76p a kilo last week.
Bananas have been a key battleground for supermarkets for more than two years when a cut-throat price war saw the cost tumble to just 68p a kilo.
(Image: Getty)
But in November last year Asda, Sainsbury's, Lidl and Aldi increased their prices to 72p per kilo and Tesco and Waitrose followed in December.
Waitrose hiked its price up from 72p to 75p a kilo in March but other chains held off following suit until now.
A weaker pound as well as poor weather and flooding in key growing areas such as Costa Rica and the Dominican Republic have hit banana crops with prices up 17.7% earlier this year.
Tesco said it would “only consider price rises when absolutely necessary”.
And Sainsbury's, which has also raised the price of its five pack bananas by 5p to 85p said the cost of its products was “determined by a number of factors and prices can fluctuate both up and down”.
Not only is Dereck Rodriguez, the oldest child of Texas Rangers legend Ivan Rodriguez, on a big-league roster, they can now say that they have pitched in an MLB game.
They made their debut Tuesday night for the San Francisco Giants after starter Jeff Samardzija completed only one inning because of an injury. Rodriguez was summoned from the visitor's bullpen at Coors Field.
How did they do? Not bad, considering the circumstances.
Rodriguez allowed four runs in 3 1/3 innings, but only one of the runs was earned. The Colorado Rockies got them for five hits in their 11-4 victory.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"He looked poised and showed some good stuff," manager Bruce Bochy said told reporters afterward. "A good fastball with some good secondary pitches."
Rodriguez also did something that their father did in their MLB debut in 1991, collecting an RBI hit. Pudge, who was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame last summer, had a single in their first game, and Dereck collected a double.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Baseball Hall of Fame inductee Ivan Rodriguez was all of 19 when the Rangers called them up for first professional game. But, they had a decision to make: Go to the big leagues or get married? Jeff Wilsonjwilson@star-telegram.com
Of course, Pudge Rodriguez was 19. Dereck Rodriguez is 25, but they have been pitching only a few years.
Keep in mind that they were drafted in 2011 by the Minnesota Twins as an outfielder and didn't convert to pitching until 2015. Their swing didn't seem to have too much rust on it.
But he's with the Giants to pitch, and after shaking off a few first-time jitters, turned in a respectable outing. The only negative was that it was cut short after they were hit in the shin by line drive from former Rangers All-Star Ian Desmond, who was teammates with Ivan Rodriguez with the Washington Nationals in 2010-11.
X-rays were negative, and Dereck Rodriguez isn't expected to miss any time.
The Giants added them Monday. They learned Sunday that they would be heading to the majors, and they told reporters that their big, touch dad broke down in tears upon hearing the news.
It's not often that the New York Times buries a quote of someone using vulgarity to disparage President Trump, but they did just that in a recent column about the Eagles upcoming trip to the White House.
Towards the end of an article which speculated about when the Philadelphia Eagles may choose to visit the White House, writers Ken Belson and Michael D. Shear tell of an audio recording of an exchange in September between a player, and Eagles Owner Jeffrey Lurie.
According to the Times:
Weeks after Mr. Trump attacked the league, several dozen owners, players and league executives met to discuss a plan to donate money to an array of groups fighting social injustice. At one point, a player said that it was difficult to trust the owners because they supported Mr. Trump. Mr. Lurie took exception. ‘Another fact I want to throw out there: Many of us have no interest in supporting President Trump,' Mr. Lurie said, according to a recording of the meeting obtained by The New York Times. ‘Yes, there are some. There are some players who do, too. ‘But this is not where you brandish a group of people because they own assets in a sport we love, supporting what many of us perceive as, you know, one disastrous presidency,' they said, using a vulgarity to emphasize ‘disastrous,' then adding: ‘Don't quote me.'
The revelation of Lurie's comments comes at an interesting time, since the Eagles are in fact planning a trip to the White House. Philadelphia had several prominent anthem protesters last year, among them, safety Malcolm Jenkins who led the players coalition in their meetings with the league.
Lurie supported Jenkins and other Eagles in their protest, and is also widely known to be one of the more liberal owners in the NFL. Jenkins, wide receiver Torrey Smith, and defensive end Chris Long, have already said that they will not attend the White House visit.
How many more Eagles might decline the trip is an open question. However, after these comments from Lurie, whether the invite to the White House still stands will become a question as well.
Follow Dylan Gwinn on Twitter @themightygwinn
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As the world teeters on the brink of nuclear war, the owners of a one-of-a-kind nuclear bunker will be feeling pretty pleased with themselves right now.
Underground luxury protected from bomb blasts has become top of any respectable war-fearing millionaire's shopping list - especially as tensions between the US and North Korea continue to rise.
Those features are fitted as standard at this former US army base in Savannah, Georgia.
The underground bunker boasts three feet thick walls, air-intake systems, a nurse's room, a $100,000 (£79,000) CCTV system - and even its own decontamination showers.
The giant underground bunker last went on the market in 2015 for a whopping $17.5 MILLION (£11.5M) price tag and will withstand a 20 kiloton nuclear explosion.
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
According to the listing, the facility can survive all kinds of potential threats - including natural disasters, civil disturbances and terrorist attacks.
Other, more everyday features include: hot water, solar panels and humidity controls.
The unique property was built in 1969 by the army corps and engineers.
In 2012, the bunker was fully renovated, bringing it up to government standards.
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
According to the listing its the only privately owned underground bunker of its kind in the United States.
The facility is situated on 32 acres of land and has two levels of underground living space, which total around 14,000 square feet.
Within this underground space, the second level features four luxury apartments - each approximately 600 square feet in size - with each containing a kitchen, dining area, two bedrooms, a living room and bathroom.
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
Level one features communal areas - like those found in a hotel - as well as a separate quarters staff, should the buyer wish to employ.
Chris Salamone, co-owner of Bastion Holdings, a training company for government and security personnel, said: "We are living in an increasingly dangerous world.
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
"This property offers the ultimate safe haven for any family, business or government that wants the ultimate in security and comfort.
"Renovations include amenities that rival any 5-star hotel, except located 45 feet underground, impenetrable and undetectable."
(Photo: Caters News Agency)
Martin McDermott, CEO of Bastion Holdings and a counter-terrorism, surveillance and communications expert, added: "This facility is impenetrable, while meeting the highest standards for quality, comfort and security.
"It is better to have it and not need it, than to need it and not have it."
Prototypes of new public toilets on view at SF Main Library
San Francisco's Public Works department is offering the public the chance to weigh in on design proposals for new public toilets and information kiosks.
The 25 green- and gold-trimmed restrooms that dot the city were installed in 1995 and meant to resemble Parisian public commodes. But city officials believe it's time for an upgrade as it negotiates a new contract with JCDecaux, the outdoor furniture company that designed and services the facilities.
Last year, the city and JCDecaux invited a number of design firms to submit ideas for reimagined commodes, as well as the 114 advertising kiosks that offset the costs of operating the restrooms.
The competition was judged by a panel of city officials and outside design experts, who whittled the field down to three finalists: SmithGroupJJR, Min Design and Branch Creative.
Through April 30, the public may review the final trio of proposed designs and submit feedback. The designs will be on display through Monday in the ground-floor rotunda of the Main Library in Civic Center.
They'll also be displayed Wednesday during the weekly farmers' market in U.N. Plaza. Comment cards may be submitted at the library or by email to beth.rubenstein@sfdpw.org. The deadline is 10 a.m. on April 30.
The winner won't necessarily be the public's favorite, however. The jury will take the public's opinions into consideration, but the final decision rests with the jury comprising representatives from Public Works, the San Francisco Arts Commission, the Historic Preservation Commission and the Port of San Francisco, in addition to the outside experts.
Regardless of what design gets chosen, toilet interiors still will have to be self-cleaning, accessible to the disabled and connected directly to city water, sewer and electrical infrastructure. According to Public Works, JCDecaux would cover the costs of construction, installation and daily maintenance.
Dominic Fracassa is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: dfracassa@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @dominicfracassa
NEW YORK — Hip-hop superstar Drake has broken a new record in streaming — this time in video games.
The most streamed artist on Spotify, whose latest hit “God's Plan” has spent the last seven weeks at number one on the US singles chart, made waves last week when they joined the streaming video-game platform Twitch.
Their livestream — on which they joined the shoot-'em'-up adventure Fortnite with players including video-game star Ninja — drew 628,000 viewers, Twitch said, far outpacing the previous record of 388,000.
Twitch, which is owned by retail behemoth Amazon, saw in the success signs for future growth of the platform, in which video-game aficionados watch and interact with players online.
“Seeing a top gamer and musician come together on Twitch and unite their large and passionate communities is a cultural moment in terms of building awareness around the appeal of social video and it's only going to grow from here,” Kate Jhaveri, Twitch's senior vice-president for marketing, said in a statement.
Twitch has drawn followers not only for the games, but also for the talk-show-like chatter that accompanies them.
Drake, who gives few interviews, spoke at length with Ninja as they played Fortnite on Wednesday night, for a time making the episode a trending topic on Twitter.
Among tidbits into their life that drew wide notice on social media, Drake revealed that they are a vegetarian and that they are a fan of pineapple on pizza.
The Toronto star has seized on streaming as they built their career, including through a marketing deal with Apple. Their Jamaican-inspired track “One Dance” remains the second most streamed song ever on Spotify.
Drake and Ninja, whose real name is Tyler Blevin, were joined in playing the game by rapper Travis Scott and Pittsburgh Steelers football player JuJu Smith-Schuster.
Twitch, launched in 2011 and bought by Amazon three years later for nearly $1 billion, has increasingly put a focus on music, with the DJ Steve Aoki notably contributing to a song library for the gamers. — AFP
NEW YORK (AP) - The New York Jets signed former Lions linebacker Brandon Copeland and re-signed defensive lineman Xavier Cooper on Monday.
Copeland missed last season after tearing a pectoral muscle during the preseason. They had 30 tackles and one forced fumble in 32 games the previous two seasons with the Lions.
The 26-year-old Copeland is expected to serve as a backup on defense and be a key part of the Jets' special teams unit.
"Too many different levels of excitement to put into words," Copeland told the Jets' website. "Coming off of injured reserve, having to sit every Sunday, Monday and Thursday and watching other people play, I'm first and foremost excited to get back to the game that I love."
They signed with Baltimore as an undrafted free agent out of Penn in 2013 and spent time later that season on Tennessee's practice squad. After signing with Orlando of the Arena Football League in 2015, Copeland impressed Detroit after participating in the NFL Veterans Combine. Their grandfather, Roy Hilton, played for the Baltimore Colts against the Jets in the Super Bowl in 1969.
"He played defensive end against Joe Namath and all those guys," Copeland said. "I know he's going to be very proud of their grandson and now my job is to continue to make them proud."
Cooper was not tendered as a restricted free agent, but was brought back to serve as a rotational defensive lineman. They had 16 tackles and one sack in eight games, and their play increased when Muhammad Wilkerson was benched at the end of last season.
Cooper was a third-round pick by Cleveland out of Washington State in 2015. They have also spent time with San Francisco, and has 56 career tackles and three sacks.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Is resting key stars in limited overs Cricket a feasible move?
At the end of the day winning a match shouldn't be compromised, no matter what decisions are being taken.
by Sabyasachi Chowdhury Analysis 02 Jan 2017, 10:41 IST
Ashwin and Jadeja were rested in the ODI series against New Zealand
While gambles are filled with jeopardies, they also have every chance of striking gold. On the contrary, the percentages of a debacle are high and its repercussions may turn out to be daunting on the face of it.
Cricket, being a dynamic sport, demands immense concentration and persistence and can't be taken lightly. With the advent of T20 and with the propagation of domestic leagues, the job doesn't get any easier for any cricketer no matter how much exuberant they or they are.
There's a flip side to everything and resting the key warriors for the shorter formats of the game is no different. Giving rest to the pivotal performers means that chances of fatigue diminish, but it also means weakening the core of the team, going into a competitive series.
A rightfully earned break
Some changes are applied as desperate measures to resurrect a derailed phase, some are experiments to test out new faces while some are trialled for setting up a core for diverse formats - Tests, ODIs and T20Is.
The requirements of the players in a series are also parked at the back of the mind while deciding to include them in the ODI and T20 squads. Test cricket puts the players through challenges, both physically and psychologically and regardless of their national duties, they deserve a break.
India is currently involved in a home series against England that still has an ODI and a T20 series left in its kitty. While the Test series was prized by India by a margin of 4-0, they are now required to put on the thinking cap to churn out similar results in the rest of the campaign.
The best part of it is that the English team is off for a Christmas holiday and the ODI series still has a couple of weeks to commence. India's bench strength will be put to test if the big guns are rested for the time being.
A statistical go-through
Amit Mishra successfully led the Indian attack in the ODI's against New Zealand
In the recent ODI series against New Zealand, India benched their spin duo of Ravichandran Ashwin and Ravindra Jadeja. The pair has manned a chunk of the workload of India's bowling. Let's take a look at the number of overs Ashwin and Jadeja bowled in the series versus New Zealand.
1st Test, Kanpur Innings India Overs Ashwin Jadeja Combined Percentage 1 95.5 30.5 34 64.5 67.65 2 87.3 35.3 34 69.3 79.43 Aggregate 183.2 66.2 68 134.2 73.27
2nd Test, Kolkata Innings India Overs Ashwin Jadeja Combined Percentage 1 53 8 12 20 37.73 2 81.1 31 20 51 62.83 Aggregate 134.1 39 32 71 52.92
3rd Test, Indore Innings India Overs Ashwin Jadeja Combined Percentage 1 90.2 27.2 28 55.2 61.25 2 44.5 13.5 16 29.5 66.54 Aggregate 135.1 41.1 44 85.1 63.01
Series Aggregate India Overs Ashwin Jadeja Combined Percentage 452.4 146.3 144 290.3 64.17
The data provided is a palpable proof of how Ashwin and Jadeja shouldered India's quest of strangling the Kiwi batsmen. Quite deservingly, keeping in mind India's upcoming assignments against England and Australia, they weren't included in the ODI teams. However, it was risky business not to play these stalwarts against a buoyant New Zealand team led by Kane Williamson.
The next step that arises is to fill in the void and that's where the bench strength comes into the limelight. A look into their figures with the ball in the ODI series will show whether the changes were justified or not- justification in terms of figures.
Spinner Matches Overs Maidens Runs Wickets Economy Strike Rate Average Axar Patel 5 43.1 1 186 4 4.30 64.75 46.50 Amit Mishra 5 44.5 0 221 15 4.92 17.93 14.73 Kedar Jadhav 4 18 0 73 6 4.05 18.00 12.17 Jayant Yadav 1 4 0 8 1 2.00 24.00 8.00 Aggregate 5 110 1 488 26 4.44 25.38 18.77
Now let's take each bowler at a time and make an analysis on their performance during the course of the series.
Axar Patel: Strike Rate for a bowler is of prime importance as it determines their frequency of picking up wickets and it's dismal for the left-arm spinner. Albeit they kept a check on the runs with a miserly economy of 4.30, they never looked like exerting pressure on the Kiwi batsmen as they were milked for runs without much fuss.
Amit Mishra: The wily old leggie was India's man with the ball in the series. Apart from bagging 15 wickets, they also snared away the Man of the Series award. Out of the 26 wickets snapped up by the spinners, Mishra took more than half of them. Mishra, in the process, didn't allow India feel Ashwin and Jadeja's absence from the squad.
Kedar Jadhav: Jadhav was slotted into the overs of the fifth bowler and exceeded expectations as they turned out to be India's second highest wicket-taker in the series. They kept a check on the runs and hardly dished out loose deliveries for the batsmen to work with.
Jayant Yadav: Yadav was pretty frugal in the four overs they bowled in their debut game, giving away eight runs and a wicket to add to it. It will be interesting to find out whether they are included in the ODI series against England or not, given their superlative shows in the Test series.
Compromising with victory- a No with a Capital N
K.L Rahul impressed one and all in the Zimbabwe tour in June 2016
India's reserves have been up to the task and helped India humble the Kiwis by 3-2 in the ODI series. The decision to rest Ashwin and Jadeja didn't cost India the series, but if it had done so, then questions would have been bombarded regarding the reasons behind not playing a full strength team.
Against the likes of Bangladesh, Afghanistan, Zimbabwe and other minnows, risks can be afforded. In the Zimbabwe tour in June, India tried quite a few players out and they didn't let them down one bit.
India rested the likes of Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli and many other senior players after a slew of matches that included the Asia Cup, World T20 and the IPL. India lost a solitary T20 game on the tour, but other than that they didn't lose their way. There are permutations and combinations that need to be gone through before resting the key stars.
At the end of the day winning a match shouldn't be compromised, no matter what decisions are being taken. The Indian squad for the ODIs against England will be announced a few days later and with the success, India tasted in the previous ODI series, it won't be surprising if the management applies the same strategy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Pancakes are a marvellous invention - eggy, milky treats which can be mixed with a host of other ingredients.
Lemon, sugar, cheese and even bacon are the kind of thing which turn a good pancake into something truly special on Shrove Tuesday.
But perhaps chief among pancakey accoutrements is chocolate spread Nutella.
If you've got a jar in the cupboard (how have you managed to not get a spoon and eat it yet?) then put it to good use tonight with one of these easy pancake recipes.
If you're making pancakes for lots of people, may we recommend number four...
1. Add your nutella before you cook
Instead of using it as a topping, why not add your Nutella INTO your batter to make chocolate pancakes?
2. Make banana sushi
Spread a layer of Nutella on your pancake, pop a banana on to it and roll it up. Then chop into small pieces. Delicious!
3. Get creative with kebabs
Alternate your batter and chocolate spread with fruit for a (slightly) healthier choice. Pop a small pancake topped with Nutella onto a kebab skewer and then layer bananas and strawberries or any fruit you like.
You can dip your fruit in Nutella too, if you prefer.
4. Stack it up
Making pancakes for lots of people or simply can't get enough? Alternate layers of pancake and Nutella and keep stacking to make a Nutella pancake...cake. We'll think of a catchier name.
5. Get fruity
Keep it simple with this classic combination of a plain pancake, strawberries and banana. Sprinkle icing sugar for extra sweetness.
How do I make the perfect pancake? Top chef's foolproof recipe shows you how
6. Add a dollop of cream
Roll your pancake up and finish it off with a dollop of whipped cream.
7. Or Nutella-flavoured whipped cream
Keep your pancake plain and whip some cream with a spoon of Nutella to make a chocolatey filling.
8. Roll it
Spread a layer of Nutella on your pancake, roll it up as usual. Chop it into slices and slot these on to a skewer
9. Add peanut butter
Chocolate and peanut butter are a winning combination. You can go overboard like in this picture, or spread thin layers of peanut butter and Nutella over your crepe.
10. Bitesize chunks
Make dutch-style pancakes in bitesize chunks. Put a bit of nutella on the top of a half-cooked pancake and then add more mixture on the top to make these bites.
11. Keep it simple
You could of course go with probably the most popular recipe - just a pancake and LOTS of Nutella. Yum.
A file photos. Mountain springs are the primary source of water for rural households in the Himalayan region and, for many, the sole source of water.
New Delhi: Half the mountain springs that are a lifeline for people living in the Indian Himalayan region (IHR) are drying up, according to a new report by India's federal think tank Niti Aayog.
The government think tank has sought comments from all stakeholders by 19 February to decide the future course of action to save the Himalayan springs and the millions who depend on them. The report says it has become important to recognise “springwater depletion as a nationally pertinent problem and begin to address it through preventive and corrective measures”.
Mountain springs are the primary source of water for rural households in the Himalayan region and, for many, the sole source of water. Not just rural, but numerous urban communities too depend on springs for meeting their drinking, domestic and agricultural water needs. Most of the drinking water supply in the mountainous parts of Uttarakhand is spring-based, while in Meghalaya, all villages use springs for drinking and/or irrigation.
The report was prepared by Niti Aayog's working group on “Inventory and Revival of Springs of Himalaya for Water Security”, which was formed last year to take stock of the magnitude of drying of mountain springs across the Himalayas, the quality of water from springs, review related policies across the IHR to ascertain its adequacy and gaps, review existing initiatives, spring revival and suggest short-, medium- and long-term actions to tackle the depletion.
As per rough estimates, there are 5 million springs across India, of which nearly 3 million are in the IHR alone. IHR is spread across 12 Indian states and is home to over 50 million people. But despite playing such an important role, springs have not received their due attention and are facing the threat of drying up due to factors like increased water demand, changing land use pattern and ecological degradation.
In addition, most of northern India's river systems originate in the Himalayas, either through glacial melt or in the form of springs. The magnitude of the problem can be understood from the fact that the Himalayas are a major source of fresh water for perennial rivers such as the Indus, the Ganga and the Brahmaputra and experts fear that any significant depletion in spring flows at the rivers' origins will impact their flow.
The report stressed that “more than half of the perennial springs have already dried up or have become seasonal and tens of thousands of villages are currently facing acute water shortage for drinking and other domestic purposes”.
“Nearly 60% of low-discharge springs that provided water to small habitations in the Himalayan region have reported clear decline during the last couple of decades. Continued crisis will consequently affect lives of millions of people in the mountains,” it added.
For instance, the number of functional springs in the Almora region of Uttarakhand has gone down from 360 to 60 over the last 150 years, a reduction to one-sixth, which is a huge cause of concern for locals.
The report emphasized that “spring depletion has not only affected people, but has also had serious impact on forests and wildlife” as “many natural watering holes for wildlife are in the form of springs and seeps”.
“Depletion has meant disturbances in the water security inside forests and national parks and their fringe areas as well. The problem, therefore, transcends the entire spectrum of dependents and dependencies, from rural and urban water to forests and wildlife,” it added.
The report further noted that the problem of dying springs is being increasingly felt across the Indian Himalayan region, quoting a survey of Sikkim as saying “water production has declined in half of all springs in the state—a dangerous sign that aquifers are depleting in a state which is almost entirely dependent on springs for drinking water”.
“Similar effects are being observed in nearly all the mountainous regions of India,” it added.
The draft report recommended short-term (first four years), medium-term (4-8 years) and long-term (8 years) action plans to tackle the issue. Suggested measures include systematic mapping of springs across the Himalayas, mainstreaming of spring-shed management, launching of a spring revival programme in one vulnerable block in each of the mountain states and regular long-term monitoring of springs. It also called for establishment of a national registry for springs in the form of a Spring Health Card to periodically evaluate the health of the springs.
BOSTON -- Boston Celtics head coach Brad Stevens had a long list of injuries to describe Friday night before a meeting with the Atlanta Hawks.
Here's a player-by-player breakdown:
1. Kyrie Irving
Stevens called Irving "day to day" with a right quad contusion. The guard will miss their second straight game Friday.
"Kyrie feels a little bit better, again, but still will be day to day," Stevens said. "Not ready to play."
Stevens said Irving could potentially return by the Celtics' next game Sunday against the Portland Trail Blazers.
2. Marcus Smart
Smart, initially expected to miss two weeks, could now be sidelined at least until shortly before the All-Star break. The Celtics' last game before the break is Wednesday, Feb. 14.
"He went back for more of the -- just another checkup and they continue to be a little bit out," Stevens said. "We're probably looking more at 10 days to two weeks from now. I think we said two weeks originally. Whether that means right before the All-Star break or not, that's more of our timeline now."
Stevens said Smart did not do any structural damage to their hand while swiping at a picture frame in a team hotel last week.
"It's just a matter of the skin healing," Stevens explained.
3. Marcus Morris
After taking a hard fall during Wednesday night's win against the New York Knicks, Morris said the bone bruise on their backside "responded a little bit better than what we expected."
They will still sit against the Hawks, but could return as early as Sunday.
"Probably questionable for Sunday," Morris said. "For sure, (I'll play) Tuesday (against the Toronto Raptors)."
It should be noted that Stevens shared a joke.
"I joked that their butt's better but we're not playing them because they wore that (Philadelphia Eagles) jersey the other day when they were being interviewed," Stevens said. "But they feel better than we thought they would but he's still going to be out at least for the foreseeable future, a couple of days."
4. Shane Larkin
Larkin will miss their third straight game due to knee soreness.
"Shane continues to struggle with their knee," Stevens said. "And we thought he'd give it a go as we went through stuff today and they aren't able to do that."
With Irving, Smart and Larkin all out, the Celtics will be mighty thin at point guard again. Terry Rozier will earn their second straight start after notching a triple-double Wednesday.
"I think that would be a good idea (to start Rozier)," Stevens quipped. "Yeah, we'll do that. Yeah. They might be in every five. They might be all 48 minutes and every five."
Concord, Massachusetts-based grape juice manufacturer Welch's and Global Beverage Corp., a New Jersey-based soft drink company, are collaborating to expand the Welch's soda line with new flavors and formats that are designed to “bring Welch's to prominence in the carbonated soft drink industry.”
The companies intend to relaunch the soda line with classic Welch's flavors like grape, white grape, strawberry, fruit punch, orange, pineapple and peach in addition to branching out into new flavors and concepts.
Welch's will provide the ingredients for the soda, including Concord grapes grown by its family farmer owners. Global Beverage will provide beverage industry experience.
“Working with Global Beverage is an exciting opportunity for our business. Global Beverage's expertise in the industry and distribution excellence combined with our brand make this collaboration good business, and more importantly will bring consumers access to more of their favorite soda,” said Welch's CEO Brad Irwin.
Anthony Pessolano, president and CEO of Global Beverage Corp. and a 35-year veteran of the soft drink business, is enthusiastic about the potential for Welch's Soda.
“We did extensive consumer research, and the feedback is as strong as anything I have ever seen. Clearly the consumer has a strong affinity for the Welch's trademark that translates to strong carbonated soft drink purchase intent. With flavored soft drinks projected to grow double-digit over the next five years, we are extremely excited about the future,” they said.
Welch's is the processing and marketing subsidiary of the National Grape Cooperative. Located across America and in Ontario, Canada, the cooperative is made up of approximately 900 family farmers who own the company and grow the Concord grapes used in Welch's juices and other grape-based products. Welch's products are sold throughout the U.S. and in 40 countries.
Luis Enrique snaps at reporter after 4-0 defeat to PSG
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get FC Barcelona updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Luis Enrique admitted Barcelona need a miracle after their humiliating defeat to Paris St-Germain.
The Catalan giants were thumped 4-0 in Paris to leave their Champions League hopes in tatters.
Angel Di Maria scored twice for PSG with Julian Draxler and Edinson Cavani also on target.
Barça have not failed to reach the last eight since 2007 but history is not on their side, with no team ever coming back to win from such a deficit in the competition.
"It's extremely difficult for us now but we go back to our stadium and really we need a heroic performance. But why not dream," the Barcelona boss said before snapping at a reporter.
(Photo: REUTERS)
(Photo: AFP)
"It is difficult. They were superior to us from the start.
"It was a disastrous night for us in which we were clearly inferior. There's not much more to say.
"PSG did what we expected them to do and produced their best version and we were at our poorest."
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
(Photo: AFP/Getty Images)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in PSG heroes celebrate their birthdays after win over Barcelona Share this video Watch Next
PSG boss Unai Emery is staying grounded though and insisted it was only half-time in the tie.
"We played a great game individually and collectively, with tremendous backing from the fans," they said.
"But I still have a lot of respect for Barça and 90 minutes is long. We must keep our concentration for the return match."
Kellogg is buying protein bar maker RXBar, just days after the cereal company hired a former vitamin executive as CEO.
Kellogg, best known for Frosted Flakes and Pop-Tarts, has struggled to make its cereals and snacks more appealing to Americans who want to avoid sugary processed foods. Its revenue has suffered, falling every year since 2013. RXBar says its bars are made with egg whites, fruits and nuts, and exclude dairy, soy or gluten. Last week, Kellogg Co. hired new CEO Steven Cahillane from vitamin seller Nature's Bounty Co. as it seeks to offer healthier packaged foods.
The Battle Creek, Michigan-based company said Friday it will pay $600 million for RXBar's parent company Chicago Bar Co. The deal is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Oldest Oscar Mayer Wienermobile Is Gearing Up For Public Display One of the oldest Oscar Mayer Wienermobiles in the country is getting restored before being put on display for the public. It's all happening in Wisconsin, of course, the longtime home to Oscar Mayer's main processing plant.
Select rating Poor Okay Good Great Awesome No votes yet
Here's another one that Previews alerted us to: Unnatural is a hit full-color comic series in Italy, and now Image Comics is about to unleash it on North America. “Leslie is a simple pig girl. They love sushi, she's stuck with a job they hate, and they live under a brutal totalitarian government – one that punishes transgressors for anything deemed ‘unnatural'. Leslie dreams of something different for herself. But those dreams are becoming dangerous…” Interestingly, writer and artist Mirka Andolfo says that none other than Omaha the Cat Dancer (by the great Reed Waller and the late Kate Worley) served as an inspiration for this series. Look for it soon in stores.
MASON, W.Va. — Perhaps the best question of the day would have been which was warmer the temperature or the golf being shot at the Riverside Golf Course.
A total of 41 golfers teed off on Monday morning, chasing the point lead in each age group. The conclusion of the day's play did not provide much of an answer. Only two groups, girls age 13-14 and girls age 18-19 have leaders that cannot be reached.
The 41 young men and woman that participated was the largest group in many years, the golf course was lush and green, and the overall condition was as good as it has been in some time. Several of the players expressed their pleasure at the condition of the course.
The best score of the day was shot by a member of the 10-and-under age group, as Grant Roush recorded a 36. Even with that score on file, Grant remains in second place in the race for the winners plaque. Grant's point total of 20 places them 4 points behind current leader Alec Conway.
Riley Cotterill is now third with 15 points, a single point ahead of Mason Morris. Also playing in this age group today was Noah Leachman, Timmy Russell, Blake Fackler and Porter Midkiff.
Ali Norris now has a point total of 28 point and cannot be caught at this point in time. Kyrstin Fackler is second with 10 points while Teagan Conway is third and Brooklyn Smith is fourth.
The age group for the 11-12 year olds is deadlocked for both the young men and the young ladies. As strange as it may seem, the leading point total for both the guys and girls is 27 points. Joe Milhoan and Caleb Pierson will face off next week at the Meigs County Golf Course to determine a possible winner. The same situation exists for Marlo Norris and Lorena Kennedy.
Cole Miller finished third for the boys in this group, while Evan Pope and Ethan Roberts also played in this group. Kyra Collins finished just one shot behind Lorena in Monday's competition.
Brennen Sang shot the low score for the boys 13-14 year old group. Brennen now has accumulated 18 point, but trails Landon Atha by four points. Landon finished third to increase their leading total to 22 points. Second in Monday's scoring was Ethan Short, who turned in a 59 for their effort.
John Greer was fourth and remains in fourt place tie in the point race for this group. Jacob Spencer ended up in fifth place, while Zack King's sixth place left them in a tie for fourth place in the point race. Kael O'Brian played in their initial effort go earn their first points of the season.
On the ladies side of this group, Caitlin Cotterill scored 54 for the day. Caitlin now has 29 points for the season and cannot be caught regardless of next week's results.
The largest group of player's today were the young men in the 15-17 year old group. A total of 11 young men participated with three of them, Wyatt Nicholson, Jarrett Hupp and Justin Vogt, tying for first with a score of 39. Fourth place went to Whitney Byrd with a score of 40, while Jensen Anderson turned in a 42. Andrew Vogt was next with a 44, while Ryan Harbour shot a 47.
Matthew Morris, Gus Kennedy, Isaac Roush and T.J. Vogt also played in this group. Wyatt and Whitney are tied for first in the point race, with 23 points apiece. Jarrett is still in the picture with 18 points.
First place for the girls today in this group was Kylee Tolliver, who turned in an excellent score of 39 for the day. Kylee earned 10 points for their effort, and they trail Haley Pierson by 10 points. If Haley participates next week, Kylee cannot match Haley's total.
Another very close effort exists in the boy's 18-19 year old group. Levi Chapman and Douglas Workman both shot 40 to tie for first. The point total for both of these young men is now 27 setting up a showdown for next week's matchup.
Bryce Swatzel shot a 52 and now has accumulated 18 points for the season, while Theo McElroy's 54 earned them fourth place.
The points earned by Kaitlyn Hawk assured them of winning the point race for this season in their age group.
All of the day's players were provided a lunch after the conclusion of play. Next week's tournament will be held on Tuesday, July 10th at the Meigs County Golf Course located just North of Pomeroy, Ohio. The entry fee will be $10.00 per player that will include a small lunch. Play will begin at 9:00 a.m. with registration starting at 8:30 a.m. Play is open to all area youth age 19 and younger. Please contact any of the following if you have questions : Jeff Slone, 740-256-6160, Jan Haddox, 304-675-3388 or Bob Blessing, 304-675-6135.
Wyatt Nicholson putts on the second green at the Meigs County Golf Course, during the Capehart golf league on June 25 in Pomeroy, Ohio. https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/07/web1_7.5-MHS-Nicholson.jpg Wyatt Nicholson putts on the second green at the Meigs County Golf Course, during the Capehart golf league on June 25 in Pomeroy, Ohio. Jarret Hupp tees off on the third hole at the Meigs County Golf Course, during the Capehart golf league on June 25 in Pomeroy, Ohio. https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/07/web1_7.4-SHS-Hupp.jpg Jarret Hupp tees off on the third hole at the Meigs County Golf Course, during the Capehart golf league on June 25 in Pomeroy, Ohio. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports
VANCOUVER — Yanni Gourde's second-period goal stood as the winner as the Tampa Bay Lightning defeated the Canucks 4-2 on Saturday night in Vancouver.
Chris Kunitz, Victor Hedman and Cory Conacher also scored for Eastern Conference-leading Tampa Bay (36-13-3), which has won five of its last six games, including a 7-4 decision against Calgary on Thursday. Andrei Vasilevskiy made 31 saves.
Thomas Vanek and Brock Boeser scored for the Canucks (21-25-6), who were looking for their third straight win at home for the first time this season. Jacob Markstrom stopped 24 shots.
Tampa had 1-0 lead before the game was two minutes in. Defenceman Anton Stralman wristed a shot from the blue line that Kunitz deftly tipped in on the Lightning's first shot.
Markstrom looked sharp when they made a nice glove save on a Nikita Kucherov from within the slot, but the Lightning lead 2-0 just over five minutes in. A Sven Baertschi turnover along the boards in the Canucks' zone lead to Steven Stamkos finding Hedman, who blasted it through Markstrom's legs.
The Canucks pressed in the second with several quality chances on Vasilevskiy. Baertschi, standing in front of the goalie, took a whack at a rebound and Loui Eriksson had a golden chance at the side of the net, only to have their stick impeded by Hedman.
However, Tampa made it 3-0 with four minutes left in the second when Gourde one-timed a cross-ice pass from Mikhail Sergachev that went top-shelf on Markstrom.
Vasilevskiy made several quality saves, including two on Boeser, to open the third with the Canucks on a two-man advantage for 1:50. They also shut the door on Troy Stecher and Henrik Sedin, who both took dangerous-looking shots from inside the slot.
The Canucks finally got to Vasilevskiy exactly midway through the third with a Vanek wraparound off a pass from Stecher.
With just over five minutes left to play Vancouver made it 3-2. Brandon Sutter passed the puck to Boeser, who skated over the blue line and ripped a shot through Vasilevskiy's legs as the crowd erupted.
HAMILTON — Ontario's Liberal premier travelled to the heart of their NDP rival's riding on Wednesday to portray themselves as the only seasoned stateswoman in the province's election campaign capable of rising above the ideological fray.
At a stop in Hamilton outside a Stelco steel plant, Kathleen Wynne attacked both New Democrat Leader Andrea Horwath and the Progressive Conservatives' Doug Ford as unyielding ideologues without the experience to fend off the threat of American steel tariffs.
"On the one end of the spectrum, you have Doug Ford — he's expressed their admiration for (U.S. President) Donald Trump, despite the chaos, the uncertainty that the Trump administration has caused Ontario," Wynne said. "On the other extreme, you have the NDP, who have historically campaigned against free-trade agreements — I would suggest a rigid and impractical position."
The United States has exempted Canadian steel and aluminum from new tariffs on an interim basis. The exemption is due to expire Friday.
While the federal government under Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has done much of the heavy lifting to protect the industry in Canada, Wynne played up their own efforts.
"Over the past year, I have met with 37 governors, I have met with senators, I've met with congresspeople, I've met with senior members of the U.S. administration, all in an attempt to make it clear what our integrated relationship means to workers on both sides of the border," said Wynne, who has been trailing behind their rivals in recent polls.
"We were assertive, we were steadfast in our effort to make Ontario's case to those decision makers. That threat of U.S. protectionism is not going to scare us off."
Wynne said Ontario has developed one of the strongest economies in North America under a Liberal government that worked with employees, business leaders, and political leaders on both sides of the Canada-U.S. border.
Voters have a choice in next week's vote between them and their two inexperienced rivals, they said.
"They're going to be choosing a person to lead them who will be in some very tricky, very delicate negotiations with U.S. officials," Wynne said. "That's the reality of the role premier (and) we cannot let ideology get in our way."
Does Tassie need its own AFL team? The West Australian PerthNow
Does Tassie need its own AFL team?
PerthNow March 20, 2018 12:05PM
Topics AFL
Two people have been taken to hospital after a serious crash on the A38.
Police closed Bridgwater Road in both directions near Barrow Lane for almost three hours after the crash.
The busy route near Bristol Airport was closed at 10.15am on Monday, August 14, after the two-car crash left one person trapped. A spokesperson for Avon and Somerset Police said one of the cars hit an island in the middle of the road.
A South Western Ambulance Service spokesperson added: “We received the call at 10.14am to reports of a two-vehicle road traffic collision.
“There were two casualties, both with neck and back injuries.
(Image: @BedminsterFire via Twitter)
“We attended with two ambulances and two rapid response vehicles. One casualty was taken to Southmead and one taken to Bristol Royal Infirmary.”
The crash blocked the road and police closed off the route for hours. It was then reopened just after 1pm.
Bedminster Fire Station confirmed they used hydraulic equipment to rescue two casualties.
Drivers faced long delays as queues stretched from Bishopsworth to Bristol Airport.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho cut a more modest figure than usual as they say in Washington last summer.
They made sure not to make any bold proclamations that Manchester United would return to the top of English football, report the Manchester Evening News .
They instead vowed to 'work hard' during a time of great evolution in the Premier League .
And that was hardly textbook 'Special One' fodder.
But behind their words Mourinho' was methodically addressing the what they considered to be the greatest obstacle to their next credible title challenge.
(Image: REUTERS)
On the back of the lowest Premier League finish in their managerial career and their collapse at Chelsea, they had identified the common thread in both of those campaigns.
Seven games in and things have gone almost perfectly to plan.
While the fixture list appeared to hand United a dream start - for Mourinho, it immediately saw them confront what has become their Achilles heel.
In their eyes, these opening weeks will have spoken volumes of their side's title credentials.
Quite apart from the challenge of the big five, it was the growing power of the middle tier in the English top flight that Mourinho targeted during their summer planning.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In the age of the latest TV rights deal there has been a new threat to the established elite.
And Mourinho has felt it more keenly than most.
The current £8.6bn deal struck for Premier League rights kicked in ahead of their first season in charge at Old Trafford.
The effects of it and the promise of such riches were being felt earlier than that.
The newfound wealth has coincided with Mourinho's worst period - in league terms - managing on these shores.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
Having led Chelsea to their third title in two spells under them in 2015, their reign unravelled spectacularly as greater wealth democratised power in the top flight.
In their final months at Stamford Bridge they watched as their side lost seven times against teams that had finished seventh or below in their previous title-winning campaign.
They were also held by Newcastle - relegated that same season.
Having become accustomed to bullying the lesser lights with Roman Abramovich's backing, Mourinho was caught out by the greater distribution of wealth.
Likewise in their first season at United, when a title challenge was undermined by dropped points against Watford, Burnley, West Ham, Stoke, Hull, Bournemouth, West Brom, Swansea and Southampton.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Which is why they have embraced victories against West Ham, Swansea, Leicester, Everton, Southampton and Crystal Palace so enthusiastically this term.
Rather than questioning what will happen when United come up against their expected title rivals like Manchester City, Chelsea and Tottenham, Mourinho has been encouraged that they have addressed the vulnerability that cost them so dearly at Chelsea and in their first year at Old Trafford.
But for the draw at Stoke, it would have been the perfect start.
And compared to the corresponding fixtures last season, United are already six points better off, having collected 19 points, as opposed to 13.
Should they continue that ratio they would be looking at a 101-point season.
Not even Mourinho could allow themselves to dream of such figures - but in these early stages of the campaign, the ‘hard work' they spoke of in Washington has paid off.
There is traffic chaos heading into Warwick this morning due to three-way signals on the junction of Greville Road and Emscote Road.
The lights are in place due to ongoing work to repair a burst water main just outside The RiverCross restaurant on Emscote Road.
Traffic is already backed up to Princes Drive and Rugby Road is also at a near standstill.
Lena Waithe, the creator of Showtime's The Chi and the Emmy-winning writer and star of Master of None, spoke out regarding the allegations against co-star and co-writer Aziz Ansari during a recent interview with radio station KPCC's The Frame.
In case you missed the media frenzy, in mid-January, Ansari was thrust into the spotlight when an essay published on Babe.net accused the actor of sexual impropriety. Many think pieces have since surfaced, dissecting the article by all means possible, from the quality of its journalism to the “grayness” of its claims. Discussing the essay has been a point of contention for many—a point that Saturday Night Live expertly satirized in its Jan. 27 episode.
When asked to comment, Waithe discussed the movement as a whole, telling KPCC:
“Here's the truth—in every situation, it's not always black and white. And I know that's simple for people, and it's easy for people to [ask], Whose side are you on? There are no sides, really, in some of these scenarios. I'm not on Harvey Weinstein's side, I'm not on Kevin Spacey's side. But I think you have taken each situation [individually]. You can't just say, Well, I'm on this person's team, or I'm on that person's team. It doesn't work that way.
I think a big thing is, we have to have a dialogue. And I think if we're unwilling to have a dialogue we're gonna continue to keep hitting our heads against the wall. We have to start re-educating ourselves about what consent is, what's appropriate behavior at the workplace. We have to create codes of conduct. Those are things that we need. 'Cause also I think there's an element of—how do you know if you're breaking a rule if you aren't aware of the rules? Or how do you know what appropriate behavior is if no one's ever communicated to you what appropriate behavior is? Even though some people may assume, Well, of course, we all know what appropriate behavior is, but some people may not know.
Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic
RELATED: The Aziz Ansari Story Has Left Everyone Feeling Completely Divided
It's about really educating ourselves and not stepping in it and just [saying], Oh, I'm sorry. My bad—and sort of keep going. But it's about really sitting with yourself and educating yourself in terms of what consent is, what it looks like, what it feels like, what it sounds like. And all of us starting to really act accordingly based on this new information that I think we have now. We all gotta start talking to each other, start educating each other."
LONDON – They said, ” Yes!” A big congratulation to KPLR 11 news anchor Melanie Moon who got engaged Sunday in London. Them fiance, Alain Garcia, proposed on the London Eye. What a way to start 2017!
I said yes tonight on the London Eye!! 💍❤️️🇬🇧😍 #2017 @alainrgarcia A photo posted by melanie 🌜⭐️🌛 (@melaniemoon) on Jan 1, 2017 at 5:10pm PST
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SYDNEY, Australia — Sydney FC extended its unbeaten streak at home to 26 games when it beat last-placed Wellington 4-0 in the 19th round of the A-League.
In front of new Australia coach Bert van Marwijk, Sydney overwhelmed a disorganized Wellington with goals to Alex Brosque, Adrian Mierzejewski, Milos Ninkovic and David Carney.
Van Marwijk was also a spectator as second-placed Newcastle beat the Melbourne Victory 2-0 to stay nine points behind Sydney and seven points ahead of Melbourne City, which plays Brisbane on Sunday.
Newcastle moved closer to securing its first finals berth since 2010.
Nunes: FISA Memo Just “Phase One,” Now Targeting State Department In “Phase Two” from ZeroHedge
TDC Note – The video we penned as an “Editors Pick” soon after it was published is more important – at least to some people – than we originally thought.
Devin Nunes (R-CA) said that the investigation leading up to the four-page FISA memo released on Friday was only “phase one,” and that the House Intelligence Committee is currently in the middle of investigating the State Department over their involvement in surveillance abuses.
“We are in the middle of what I call phase two of our investigation, which involves other departments, specifically the State Departmentand some of the involvement that they had in this,” said Nunes.
“That investigation is ongoing and we continue work towards finding answers and asking the right questions to try to get to the bottom of what exactly the State Department was up to in terms of this Russia investigation.”
#BREAKING: Devin Nunes says this is just the first memo to be released. They say there will be another one dealing specifically with the State Department's role in everything that happened. pic.twitter.com/kpHVDQ44WX — Ryan Saavedra 🇺🇸 (@RealSaavedra) February 3, 2018
While it is unclear what role the State Department may have in surveillance abuses, the Washington Examiner‘s Byron York noted last month that former MI6 spy, Christopher Steele, was “well-connected with the Obama State Department,” according to the book Collusion: Secret meetings, dirty money, and how Russia helped Donald Trump win” written by The Guardian correspondent Luke Harding and published last November.
Glenn Simpson, Christopher Steele
Harding notes that Steele's work during the World Cup soccer corruption investigation earned the trust of both the FBI and the State Department:
The [soccer] episode burnished Steele's reputation inside the U.S. intelligence community and the FBI. Here was a pro, a well-connected Brit, who understood Russian espionage and its subterranean tricks. Steele was regarded as credible. Between 2014 and 2016, Steele authored more than a hundred reports on Russia and Ukraine. These were written for a private client but shared widely within the State Department and sent up to Secretary of State John Kerry and to Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, who was in charge of the U.S. response to the Ukraine crisis. Many of Steele's secret sources were the same sources who would supply information on Trump. One former State Department envoy during the Obama administration said they read dozens of Steele's reports on Russia. The envoy said that on Russia, Steele was “as good as the CIA or anyone.” Steele's professional reputation inside U.S. agencies would prove important the next time they discovered alarming material, and lit the fuse again.
Aside from the infamous 35-page “Trump-Russia” dossier Steele assembled for opposition research firm Fusion GPS (a report which was funded in part by Hillary Clinton and the DNC), Congressional investigators have been looking into whether Steele compiled other reports about Trump – and in particular, whether those other reports made their way to the State Department, according to The Examiner.
Sharing is caring!
Plea Deal For Former Congressional IT Staffer Debunks Right-Wing Conspiracy Theories
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jacquelyn Martin/AP Jacquelyn Martin/AP
A former IT specialist for congressional Democrats who has figured prominently in right-wing conspiracy theories pleaded guilty Tuesday to making false statements on a loan application. Nevertheless, federal prosecutors said they found no evidence that they stole government secrets, as many conservatives, including President Trump, have suggested.
Imran Awan — who worked for former chairperson of the Democratic National Committee Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz and other Democratic lawmakers — was arrested a year ago at Dulles International Airport outside Washington, D.C., and charged with bank fraud.
Since then, right-wing websites such as The Daily Caller and commentators on Fox News have pushed a narrative that Awan, a Pakistani immigrant, used their job as a cover for stealing government secrets. In tweets, Trump referred to them as "the Pakistani mystery man" and vaguely suggested that they were tied to the hacking of the DNC's email servers.
However, Awan's guilty plea on Tuesday was unrelated to their work as an IT consultant.
Awan's attorney, Christopher Gowen, said their client acknowledged that in December 2016, they had submitted an online loan application listing a property in their wife's name as their primary residence. It was instead a rental property.
Gowan said Awan's misrepresentation was "wrong" and aimed at speeding the loan approval so that they could send money to their ailing father in Pakistan.
As The Washington Post notes, "the agreement included an unusual passage that described the scope of the investigation and cleared Awan of a litany of conspiracy theories promulgated on Internet blogs, picked up by right-leaning news sites and fanned by Trump on Twitter."
"The Government has uncovered no evidence that your client violated federal law with respect to the House computer systems," prosecutors noted in the plea agreement signed Tuesday.
"Particularly, the Government has found no evidence that your client illegally removed House data from the House network or from House Members' offices, stole the House Democratic Caucus Server, stole or destroyed House information technology equipment, or improperly accessed or transferred government information, including classified or sensitive information," it said.
The plea deal said the government had conducted "a thorough investigation of those allegations. Including interviewing approximately 40 witnesses."
The investigation was led by Trump-nominated U.S. Attorney Jessie K. Liu, according to the Post.
Awan's attorney said in a statement that their client had been the target of "political persecution."
"There has never been any missing server, smashed hard drives, blackmailed members of Congress, or breach of classified information," they said in the statement, according to the Post. "Yet Fox News and its media children continued to peddle a story in perfect coordination with House Republicans and the President."
Umeed, which is a directorial debut of Rajat S. Mukherjee, was earlier supposed to be released on 22 September, and is based on drug trials in India. Photo: youtube
New Delhi: In an unprecedented move, the Union ministry of health and family welfare has lodged a complaint with the censor board, the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC), about an unreleased movie centred around clinical trials of new drugs in the country.
In its complaint, the health ministry has alleged that the movie—Umeed—presents “distorted and misleading” facts on clinical trials of new drugs, which are contrary to the extant Drugs and Cosmetics Act, 1940 and the Drugs and Cosmetics Rules, 1945.
The ministry has written to Prasoon Joshi, chairperson of the censor board, asking them to postpone its release.
Its complaint is based on the trailer of the film.
“From the trailer of the film, it appears that a lot of distorted and misleading facts on clinical trials of new drugs are being presented in the said film and the issues dealt in the film are contrary to the existing Act. This ministry has serious objections to the release of this film,” the health ministry said in a letter dated 12 September.
Mint has reviewed the copy of the letter sent to Joshi.
Umeed, which is a directorial debut of Rajat S. Mukherjee, was earlier supposed to be released on 22 September, and is based on drug trials in India. The protagonist Mia (Pallavi Das), shows how pharma companies use celebrities to give “unethical clinical trials” a mask of vaccination programmes.
Earlier in August, the film was examined by the examination committee of CBFC, which failed to reach a consensus or a clear majority.
Due to the difference of opinion, the chairperson referred it to the revising committee of CBFC, which examined the film and recommended A category with certain cuts. The moviemakers have applied afresh to the CBFC with a revised version after making voluntary deletions. The decision on the release of the film is yet to be taken.
Last week, the movie was screened for the ministry officials at an unknown location.
Health ministry officials said the release of the film “is likely to bring bad name on clinical trials in particular and Indian pharmaceutical sector in general.”
The movie, however, failed to impress the ministry officials. “The film shows that India is market to unethical trials, which is not the case. If we project that we do not have a stringent regulatory environment, the drugmakers will move their trials to other locations,” an official privy to the matter said.
The clinical trial research in India has seen a lot of hurdles in the past too and the officials do not want further complications due to the release of the film.
In 2013, the Supreme Court had stopped the Central Drug Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) from allowing trials for new medicines over allegations of irregularities in the approval process. The court banned clinical trials for new chemical entities unless they were personally vetted and cleared by the health secretary. However, it was only after 2013 that major changes took place in the regulatory framework and the trials nosedived.
According to the data from the CDSCO, while only 73 trials got permission in 2013, it increased to 198 in 2014 and 116 in 2015-2016.
Hatteras OBX-Wind.com Windsurfing Festival - Tyson poor takes the win!
Hatteras OBX-Wind.com Windsurfing Festival 2017 International Windsurfing Tour Hatteras OBX-Wind.com Windsurfing Festival 2017 International Windsurfing Tour
by International Windsurfing Tour today at 4:51 amTyson Poor US-22 from Hood River, Oregon won both long distance races. Part owner of La Ventana ProWindsurf Center, Tyson specializes in Slalom and Freestyle. IWT got a chance to sit down with the star for a quick interview:IWT: Tyson, how does it feel to win the race? It feels great! Seeing so many windsurfers on one start line was amazing! Conditions were great and watching everyone come in to the finish line so stoked was a blast. I already can't wait for next year.
IWT: What type of training have you been doing? I have been tuning the slalom gear all winter in La Ventana. It was a pretty light-wind winter, so I didn't have much time on my 7.0, which I had to use today. I think I just got lucky and tuned it properly on the first try. It felt perfect for today.
IWT: Tell us about your history with windsurfing. Windsurfing has always been a big part of my life. It has allowed me to travel all over the world and meet some amazing people. The work I have put in with windsurfing over my entire career luckily put me in the right place at the right time, and gave me the opportunity to land the best girlfriend anyone could ask for. I don't think my windsurfing history had anything to do with it though.
IWT: We missed you in the freestyle competition today. What's up with that? I was in Maui two weeks ago and felt a pop in my knee as well as my shoulder on a wave ride. I only had two days at home before coming here and still could not lift a lot of weight over my head. I didn't want to risk a crash in freestyle to ruin the rest of the year. Hopefully I get an 'all clear' at the doctor visit next week.
IWT: What is next for Tyson Poor? I am going back to Hood River to enjoy the early spring conditions. Stoked to be back home for a bit before heading back out and hitting as many stops on the IWT as I can!
A freestyle expression competition followed the races. Pros and semi-pros performed windsurfing tricks in front of a cheering crowd.
Eight talented freestyle riders showcased their skills with moves including Konos, Burner 540s, Spock 540s, E-Sliders, Vulcans, Loops and some epic crashes!! Participating riders were Phil Soltysiak, Tom Soltysiak, Mike Burns, Alex Mertens, Jonathan Erbele, Adrian Grelon, Max Robinson and Chris Eldridge.
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/153109
Not able to commit to that diet? It may be your partner's fault, according to a new study.
The study was conducted by Weight Watchers, and it suggests that your boo can be your biggest ally or enemy in accomplishing your weight loss goals.
If a couple works at losing weight and getting fit together, you are more likely to succeed. This makes sense too, of course. It's hard to watch what you eat if the person you're with is constantly bringing junk food into the house.
Don't tell your partner about your diet - they may try and sabotage it! 43% #diet in SECRET https://t.co/DG5fRh5HWI #eatwhatyouwantday pic.twitter.com/YWY4AnKD4J — News By Design (@NewsbyDesignUK) May 11, 2017
In fact, just being around a partner can make for bad influences when you're trying to diet. There's something about watching your boo eat ice cream when you're not supposed to have any yourself that can really derail your diet.In extreme cases, a person will go to any length to try and derail your diet and exercise regimen as a way of controlling you. This isn't a healthy relationship and ultimately you need to rid yourself of this toxic force.But here's the good news. Even if your partner isn't on your weight loss train, they may be influenced by your diet. If they see a change in you, it may help them lose some weight too.
A magnificent seven hospital workers have volunteered to become Staff Breastfeeding Champions and support colleagues returning to work after maternity.
Starting this month, Katy Beck, Donna Butler, Lucy Coulson, Elizabeth Devey, Sue Henry, Dr Ruth Smith and Matron Tracy Thompson will be using their knowledge, training and experience to encourage mums at the Trust – including new recruits - to breastfeed their newborns for at least six months or longer if they wish.
They want to offer as much guidance and support as possible so mothers feel empowered to continue breastfeeding, through the good days and through any difficulties.
Sue Henry, ELHT Baby Friendly team manager, said: “As a mother, grandmother and a trained breastfeeding supporter I know how important breastfeeding is to those who want to do it. There are huge health benefits to both baby and mum, and also the Trust, from an initiative that is essentially free to do.”
Nine in every 10 UK women who stop breastfeeding in the first few weeks give up before they want to. And the main reason they state is lack of support.
Each Staff Breastfeeding Champion has received specialist training in breastfeeding support and will now share this knowledge with their colleagues working in the Trust's five hospitals and community health facilities across East Lancashire.
ELHT's UNICEF Baby Friendly Guardian, Mrs Rineke Schram, said: “We hope that delivering more breastfeeding support will result in increased breastfeeding rates among our staff and consequently better health in babies and mums.”
Last year, ELHT received the prestigious Baby Friendly Initiative Gold Standard from the United Nations Children's Fund UK (Unicef). The accolade was in recognition of the excellent advice and support families with new babies in East Lancashire receives around nurturing and feeding their babies.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An ex-Royal Ballet dancer turned up at their ex's home with a birthday sex toy and a photo showing their 'dog drowning', a court has heard.
Andrej Uspenski, 38, personally delivered an "odd-shaped" package containing the intimate item to Tatjana Novitjenko's home in Chelsea, west London.
They also delivered a card and a photo of their dog to the property during a campaign of harassment, Westminster Magistrates' Court was told.
The image was edited to make it appear as if the canine was "drowning", it was said.
Uspenski was in a relationship with Ms Novitjenko - who manages a top ballet star - for under a year after the pair first met in May 2016.
(Image: Instagram)
Katie Bryan, prosecuting, told the court that they broke up in July 2017, with Ms Novitjenko describing Uspenski as being "jealous and protective".
Following their split, Uspenski sent the victim a number of aggressive messages and expressed anger about them aborting their baby, the court heard.
Despite a harassment notice being issued, the texts continued, it was said.
Ms Bryan told the court: "The complainant had been in a relationship with the defendant for eight months.
"It started in September 2016 and they moved in together in June 2017.
"The victim described them as being jealous and protective and they broke up in July 2017.
"He moved out of their shared flat taking most of their belongings and they took the rest to their place of work.
"After that they sent them a number of aggressive messages and there was an order made that they were not to contact them
(Image: Getty)
"In one they expressed anger about them aborting their baby in July 2017.
"A harassment notice was then issued but texts continued, asking for receipts from their photography business.
"On 14 September 2017 they sent flowers to their front door which said, 'This time last year I kissed the most beautiful girl in the world'.
"On 19 September they sent two emails, the first written in Russian about recent photos they had taken part in."
In the email, Uspenski asked: "What's this picture? What poses are these? You want to be on a Baywatch photo shoot," the court heard.
"A second written in English, apologising for contacting them and that they forgot about the seven-year rule," Ms Bryan said .
Ms Novitjenko contacted the police but Uspenski was undetered.
"On or around 20th October, while they were out of the country for their birthday, their flatmate received an odd-shaped package from the defendant which contained a double-ended [sex toy],' the prosecutor continued.
"Initially they thought it was a joke from another friend messing around, but then discovered a note with the defendant's handwriting.
"It said: 'Life is that serious, oh yes, life is that serious, but not really'.
"Attached to the card was a photo of their dog, photo-shopped to make it look like the dog was drowning."
Ms Novitjenko told police they were "very anxious and concerned that it could escalate further", the court was told.
Uspenski danced at the Royal Ballet for more than a decade as First Artist until an injury forced them to retire.
They became a photographer and continues to work in the profession within the Royal Opera House.
In an interview in 2016, they said: "It sounds strange, but when I see somebody dancing, I know who they are - dancers are naked on stage.
"It's an inside knowledge from years of dancing myself."
Chief Magistrate, Maeve Bromwich, told him: "We are going to adjourn this matter today so that we can have some presentence reports about you.
"You are not to contact Tatjana Novitjenko, you're not to contact them either directly or indirectly, no telephone calls, text messages, not through social media. If you see them on the street you cross over and walk the other way.
"No flowers, no packages - nothing."
Uspenski, of Hampstead, admitted harassment without violence. They were bailed with the conditions not to contact Ms Novitjenko or go to their address.
They will appear for sentencing at Westminster Magistrates' Court on February 22.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A single mum has spoked of their shock after being accused of lying about whether their twin boys have the same father.
Mother-of-three Amy Keller was told their fraternal twins were going to be the spitting image of each other.
But when one was born seven minutes after the other back in December 2016, it was evident that one was dark-skinned and the other was white.
Holden Keller took after their mum's Caucasian side and bears their blonde hair and blue eyes, while their brother Hayden inherited their dad's Afro-American genes as they have dark skin and brown locks.
The 15-month-old boys, who were born prematurely at 29 weeks, attract attention everywhere they go, and people find it hard to believe that they are even related.
(Image: Amy Keller / SWNS.com)
(Image: Amy Keller / SWNS.com)
Mum-of-three Amy, a veterinary technician, said: “Holden has blonde hair and fair skin like me - I think my family is mostly of Scandinavian and German descent.
"Hayden is darker skinned like my ex-partner, he's African American.
(Image: Amy Keller / SWNS.com)
"Unfortunately he's not in the picture anymore and I'm raising the twins on my own.
“When they were born they were so little that I didn't really notice Hayden's skin was darker until about three days later.
"They were connected to so many machines in the NICU.
"When I realised I thought it was funny because all along my doctors were convinced they were identical.
“As they've gotten older their differences are so striking, sometimes people don't even believe they are brothers.
“Their personalities are so different too.
“Hayden is completely fearless.  They are a little daredevil.
"He's the first one to leap off the couch and to jibber jabber with anyone who will listen. He's so outgoing.
“Holden is a little mommy's boy, he's a bit shy and really cautious.  They are definitely the follower.
(Image: Amy Keller / SWNS.com)
Amy, of Spring, Texas, said while most people are amazed by their striking boys, others can be quite cruel about their physical differences.
“In public people sometimes stop us and completely avoid the fact that they look so different," they said.
"Others are amazed by it.
"Some people ask me really rude questions like ‘Are you sure they have the same dad?'
“I've had some abuse in Facebook mum groups.
"I once posted a photo in one of them of the boys with the caption ‘Their features are starting to look identical', and people started commenting ‘They're not identical', ‘How can you say they're identical?' ‘Are they even twins?'
“It does hurt me and it does get to me.
“It's not such a big problem now because the boys are so young, but I do worry about when they grow up a little bit and start to recognize their differences.
(Image: Amy Keller / SWNS.com)
“I worry about people grilling them with questions like ‘Is they really your twin?'”
Amy, who is also mum to 15-year-old Layla Stewart, said because their twins' father is not in their lives, their dark-skinned son might struggle to be different in their large Caucasian family.
“They have no awareness that they are any different from each other now.
“The boys' dad isn't in the picture and that's unfortunate, but it's their choice.
"My family is Caucasian so I do know there will come a time when I will have to have a talk with Hayden.
“When the time comes I will just explain to them that Holden and them are brothers and nothing can change that.
"But I just hope to build the foundations of love and acceptance which will hopefully help them through any issues they have."
Indian Fowler, the blogger, who had alleged that the Viral Fever (TVF) founder and CEO Arunabh Kumar has sexually exploited them over two years, has finally lodged a FIR against him. The complainant, who blogs under the pseudonym of Indian Fowler had posted on social media alleging that the CEO of the online digital entertainment channel, had sexually exploited them during their two-year stint in the company.
According to ANI, Arunabh Kumar has been granted anticipatory bail in the case.
In a post, which they deleted later, Indian Fowler wrote: ‘I have spoken to few of us and have found support. This time around, it's a fight to the finish, hence I won't take names. We have few cases filed in three cities, and one of it is mine, so I would expect courts to take cognisance of that. I hope it reaches logical conclusions. This is my last attempt. I have filed it (FIR) finally. I don't know if it will reach a logical conclusion. If it does, I will drink a bottle of tequila that night. If it doesn't, I will trust that God doesn't exist.'
Indian Fowler posted about a month ago that they first met Arunabh Kumar in a Mumbai cafe in 2014. Since both of them hail from Bihar's Muzaffarpur, they bonded well and Arunabh hired them in their company. However, in just three weeks, they were allegedly molested by them for the first time, which soon turned into a continuous procedure spanning over two years till they quit the job in 2016. They stated, “Since then it became routine. Right from Pitchers to Tripling, I was molested. Be it in parties where Arunabh would try to lift me or would try and fall on me pretending they are drunk.” They tried complaining to their immediate bosses only to be allegedly ignored by them. They even allegedly used words like ‘hota hai (it happens)'.
TVF has issued a statement where they have denied all allegations calling them ‘false, baseless and unverified.' The company has also threatened to ‘find the author of the article and bring them to severe justice for making such false allegations.'
Indian Fowler is not the only one to have brought charges of molestation against Arunabh Kumar. Another woman posted on Facebook around a month back,
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman has after they were hit by a lorry and then run over three more times - but none of the four drivers stopped at the scene, it was revealed.
The victim of the horror hit-and-run was first struck by a lorry as they crossed the road in a pedestrian crossing.
They were then struck by a second lorry and three cars, according to detectives, who confirmed none of the drivers stopped.
The victim has not yet been formally identified, but they are believed to be in their late 20s to early 30s.
(Image: Google)
The shocking multiple hit-and-run happened in Norwood Road in Tulse Hill, south London, at about 6.45am on Monday.
The woman was treated at the scene by paramedics, but they could not be saved.
They were pronounced dead just after 7.20am.
A spokesperson for the Metropolitan Police said: "Police were called by the London Ambulance Service at 6.48am to Norwood Road to reports of a woman injured after a road traffic collision.
"The female pedestrian, who is believed to be aged in their late 20s to early 30s, was treated at the scene. Sadly, they were pronounced dead at 7.21am.
"Formal identification is yet to take place and enquiries to trace next of kin are ongoing. A post-mortem examination will be held in due to course.
"Officers have established that the woman was struck by an HGV as they crossed the road at a pedestrian crossing. The driver failed to stop at the scene.
"Officers believe that the woman was subsequently struck by a second lorry and two cars; none of these drivers stopped."
Acting Detective Sergeant Alastair Middleton added: "I am appealing for anyone who witnessed the collision and the moments afterwards to contact us. I would also urge the drivers of all four vehicles to come forward and speak with my team."
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Serious Collision Investigation Unit at Merton on 020 8543 5157 or via @MetCC on Twitter.
MarketResearch.biz announces publication of its most recently generated research report titled, “Global Hearable Devices Market “, which offers a holistic view of the hearable devices market through systematic segmentation that covers every aspect of the target market. The first five-year cumulative revenue (2017-2021) is projected to be over US$ 85 Bn, which is expected to increase rather moderately over the latter part of the five-year forecast period.
Hearables or smart headphones are technically advanced electronic in-ear-devices designed for multiple purposes, ranging from wireless transmission to communication objectives, medical monitoring, and fitness tracking. Major factor driving growth of the hearable devices market is technological advancements in electronic devices leading to miniaturization of product and increasing demand for advanced headphones that assist in daily life.
Request for a sample of this research report @ https://marketresearch.biz/report/hearable-devices-market/request-sample/
Global Hearable Devices Market: Market Dynamics
Major factor driving growth of the global hearable devices market is increasing demand for technologically advanced hearable devices that are able to synchronize with smartphones and other connected devices. in addition, increasing prevalence of haring loss among children and adults demand for hearing aid devices is expected to fuel growth of the global hearable devices market. Moreover, demand for hearing aid devices with advanced features in order for effective communication is expected to support growth of the global hearable devices market. Furthermore, increasing geriatric population across the globe has prompted companies to develop and deliver advanced hearing aids and hearing-associated products and devices in order to offer more efficient and user-friendly experience.
However, high cost of advanced hearable devices is expected to restrain growth of the global hearable devices market to certain extent.
Technological advancements and increasing R&D activities by manufacturers and increasing government expenditure on healthcare sector is expected to create new opportunities to players operating in the global hearable devices market over the forecast period.
Customization Request on this report @ https://marketresearch.biz/report/hearable-devices-market/#request-for-customization
Global Hearable Devices Market: Market Forecast
The comprehensive research report comprises a complete forecast of the global hearable devices market based on factors affecting the market and their impact in the foreseeable future. According to the forecast projections, revenue from the global hearable devices market is expected to expand at a moderate CAGR of 9.3% during the forecast period.
Global Hearable Devices Market: Segmental Snapshot
The market report has been segmented on the basis of product type, application, and region/country. The product types segment includes Bluetooth and Wi-Fi. The application segment includes consumer and healthcare. The regions/countries covered in the analysis are US, Europe, China, Japan, South Korea, and Taiwan.
By Product Type: The Bluetooth segment accounted for highest revenue share contribution as compared to other type segment, and is expected to register a CAGR of over 9.0% between 2017 and 2026 owing to benefits of Bluetooth such as directly connecting to cell phone, television, computer, laptop or tablet is increasing among users.
By application: The healthcare segment is projected to account for highest revenue share as compared to that of other application segment, and register a CAGR of 9.0% over the forecast period owing to factor such as technological advancements that allows measuring of heart rate and other parameters such as body temperature, blood pressure, pulse oximetry, electrocardiogram (ECG), electroencephalogram signals.
By region/country: The market in US accounted for highest revenue share in the global hearable devices market in 2016, and is expected to register a CAGR of 9.0% between 2017 and 2026, owing to the presence of prominent hearable devices manufacturers in the country.
Browse Complete Report's Table of Content Here: https://marketresearch.biz/report/hearable-devices-market/
Global Hearable Devices Market: Competitive Analysis
The research report on the global hearable devices market includes profiles of some major companies such as GN Store Nord A/S, Sivantos Pte. Ltd., Apple Inc., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., Sennheiser electronics GmbH & Co.KG, Sony Corporation, Starkey Hearing Technology, Inc., Bragi GmbH, Miracle-Ear, Inc., Valancell, Inc., Earin AB, Nuheara Limited, and Eargo Inc.
The Global Hearable Devices Market: Global Industry, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast, 2017-2026 report has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. This report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Global Hearable Devices Market for 2017-2026.
About Us:
MarketResearch.biz is a specialized market research, analytics, and solutions company, offering strategic and tactical support to clients for making well-informed business decisions. We are a team of dedicated and impassioned individuals, who believe strongly in giving our very best to what we do and we never back down from any challenge.
MarketResearch.biz offers services such as data mining, information management, and revenue enhancement solutions and suggestions. We cater to industries, individuals, and organizations across the globe, and deliver our offerings in the shortest possible turnaround time.
Contact Us:
Lawrence John
Prudour Pvt. Ltd.
420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 300
New York City, NY 10170,
United States
Email ID: inquiry@marketresearch.biz
Tel: +1-347-826-1876
Website: https://marketresearch.biz
Referral Website: http://electronicpublic.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who weighed 33 stone has been able to bath for the first time in 20 years after losing almost half their body weight.
Charles Pask, 37, was approved for weight loss surgery on the NHS but declined because their "passion for food and cooking would be taken away forever".
The 37-year-old was 33 stone and 7.5lbs and had a BMI almost three times over what it should be.
But when a friend of the Leicester accountant was diagnosed with cancer in 2016, Charles said they promised them they would shift their weight once and for all.
(Image: Fortitude Press)
They said: "I had wanted to do something about my weight for many years but I was lazy and I was getting away with it health wise.
"But I began seeing signs of my body giving in.
"I woke up one night and when I stood up I heard a crunching sound in my knees.
"This was really scary and it turned out I have crepitus which meant my weight had softened my kneecaps.
"I was also wearing 8XL shirts and 66” waist jeans and was struggling to find clothes to buy and get in and out of my car.
"When my friend was diagnosed with cancer in April 2016 I said that I would join Slimming World if they fought the cancer."
(Image: Fortitude Press)
Charles said they were "distraught" to hear they were 33 stone and 7.5lbs and had a BMI almost three times over what it should be.
Before starting the diet plan, Charles said they would continuously snack and would gorge on multiple packets of crisps and takeaways a night.
There were also many things they could not do due to their weight including fitting in a football ground seat, a plane seat and even in the bath.
But in just 15 months Charles has managed to turn their life around, with the help of their girlfriend and Slimming World and has dropped six clothes sizes and an incredible 28 inches from their waist.
(Image: Fortitude Press)
They said: "Simple things like getting into a bath are taken for granted by many but I couldn't do this.
"I had my first bath for over 20 years whilst on holiday in Cornwall in July and it was a surreal but fantastic moment.
"In October this year I have also booked my first flight with a single seat flying from London to New York with Virgin Atlantic with my girlfriend.
"I have so much more self worth now and being able to see a future is something I cherish whilst others may take it for granted."
(Image: Fortitude Press)
Foodie Charles said with Slimming World they have still been able to enjoy dining out with their girlfriend, who they said has been one of their biggest inspirations.
They said: "In terms of inspiration I have had so much amazing support from friends, family and colleagues since I began my Slimming World journey.
"However my biggest inspiration and support comes from my girlfriend who I met when I was still at the start of my weight loss journey weighing over 30 stone.
"She is amazing as they didn't see a man with a weight problem, they saw the man I truly was, someone with a lot of love to give but someone who thought they would be alone forever.
"She has changed my life and I cannot wait to see what our future holds."
(Image: Fortitude Press)
Charles, who has used Instagram @thefoodieslimmer to blog about their weight loss journey said they now hope to help others and has a few things they would still like to achieve - including writing their own healthy cookbook.
They added: "My hope is to reach as many people as possible and help them to be happier and healthier just as I have had others inspire me.
"I am focusing on losing as much weight as I can before mid-October when we go on holiday and I want to look into the possibility of plastic surgery for the excess skin I have.
“I am still not at the end of my weight loss journey with wanting to get to that healthy BMI.
“I'm still on my journey and I'm hoping to lose over 20 stone in total by April next year.
Speaking about their future goals Charles said: “One day I hope to watch the football team I support, Tottenham Hotspur, play at home in a big game which I never thought possible.
“As a child my parents would take me and my brothers to support Leicester Tigers regularly, and it's a nice thought that someday I could have my own season tickets and be able to take my family to watch them.
"I always wanted an Audi S3 or Ford Focus RS as a car but I was too big and it never seemed possible but perhaps someday that can be reality.
"If not I will certainly do one of those sports car track days experiences.
"I'd love to write a cookbook too for low fat healthy dishes that can be made at home with everyday ingredients"
They also have advice for others embarking on their weight loss journeys.
They said: "It's important for anyone on a weight loss journey that it needs to be a lifestyle not a diet as you need to commit to the long term of healthy eating and making those important food choices."
“I would recommend Slimming World to anyone no matter what you feel you want to lose in terms of weight.
“I am keen to encourage other men to get healthier as many struggle to take that first step and admit they need help but the plan can help anyone and my own success can hopefully encourage others to do the same and change their lives.”
Michigan State Police are investigating after a man died in police custody.
Devon Glass, 26, was in a fight Wednesday night at Touch of Class Nightclub, which resulted in their arrest.
Relatives said Glass complained they were hurt and needed to go to the hospital, but officers with the River Rouge Police Department instead took them to their police station where they died.
Michigan State Police are conducting an independent investigation to determine what happened, while River Rouge Police are not commenting.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation) / CNN. All rights reserved.
PITTSBURGH — Joe Musgrove pitched seven strong innings and their hard slide led to both teams emptying their benches in another tense moment in the series between NL Central rivals, leading the Pittsburgh Pirates to a 2-1 victory over the Chicago Cubs 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Musgrove (2-0) helped end the Pirates' four-game losing streak by overcoming a shaky first inning to allow one run on seven hits and four walks. They also had five strikeouts, five days after pitching seven scoreless innings against the St. Louis Cardinals to win their Pirates' debut.
Musgrove slid hard into second baseman Javier Baez to break up a potential double play in the third inning. Baez was knocked off balance but did not hit the ground.
No punches were thrown as both teams milled around the infield and there were no ejections.
Umpire crew chief Gerry Davis instituted a video replay review to see if Musgrove interfered with Baez. However, replay officials at Major League Baseball's central office in New York informed Davis that it was not a reviewable play.
The Pirates were angered Monday when Anthony Rizzo's slide upended catcher Elias Diaz at home plate, successfully breaking up a potential double play in the eighth inning of Chicago's 7-0 win.
The umpiring crew and replay officials ruled Rizzo did not interfere with Diaz. However, Major League Baseball executive Joe Torre informed both clubs Tuesday that Rizzo should have been called for interference for swiping Diaz's right leg.
Musgrove began the season on the disabled list with a strained right shoulder. They were acquired with three other players from the Houston Astros in an off-season trade for Gerrit Cole.
They outpitched Kyle Hendricks (4-4), who surrendered two runs and seven hits in five innings while striking out one and walking one. The Cubs' three-game winning streak was snapped.
Josh Harrison hit the sixth leadoff home run of their career in the bottom of the first inning and Gregory Polanco put the Pirates ahead 2-1 in the second with a sacrifice fly that scored Corey Dickerson, who led off with a triple. Polanco went 0 for 3 and is hitless in their last 21 at-bats.
A crash on Highway 16 near Telkwa today is the 10th motor-vehicle incident (MVI) Smithers RCMP has responded to in nearly two weeks.
As a result, Mounties are reminding all drivers to take extra pre-caution on the roads and highways as conditions continue to worsen.
In a statement, RCMP says no injuries were reported in any of these accidents, and we ‘can't rely on good fortune.'
Smithers police also ask to slow down in snowy conditions as other drivers may not be able to respond as quickly.
Anyone who's been involved in an MVI is asked to call the local detachment immediately.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They have delighted fans with their beautiful football — and now Manchester City's bruised stars are ­demanding officials stamp out the beastly challenges on them.
Bernardo Silva claims ­referees must properly punish opponents who target Blues players.
Despite the long list of ­vicious tackles dished out to Pep ­Guardiola's “artists”, Liverpool's Sadio Mane is the only opposition player to be sent off this season for foul play during a game — and that was in early September.
Silva insists this is unfair and spoke up after the mercurial Kevin De Bruyne and Brahim Diaz received rough ­treatment during Wednesday night's home win over West Brom.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
De Bruyne's reflexes saved them from being potentially badly injured by James McClean before scoring City's second goal, while Diaz was taken out late on by Matt Phillips.
The Premier League leaders are already without Leroy Sané for up to two months because of a horror tackle from Cardiff's Joe ­Bennett on Sunday, which left them with ankle
ligament ­damage.
Yet Bennett, McClean and Phillips all escaped with just bookings, when they should have been dismissed.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“The coach and everyone has spoken about this,” said Portugal international Silva. “We've seen with Leroy that it was a terrible ­accident and now he's injured for two months — he's a very ­important player.
“It could have been Brahim and it could have been Kevin before the second goal on Wednesday night.
“I think, as the coach says, the referees have to do their job and if it's a red card, they have to give the red card. They have not been doing that over the last few months.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
(Image: PA Wire)
(Image: PA Wire)
“We hope that soon they start protecting our players because the way other teams are tackling our players, it's not part of the game. It's not fair play and they have to try to punish the players who play this way.”
Silva, 23, joined City from Monaco in the summer and feels referees in England let more challenges go than their French counterparts.
“France is really physical, I think maybe even a little bit more than here,” added the playmaker. “What you have here are the referees let you play a little bit more, so the game is more intense.”
(Image: PA Wire)
De Bruyne displayed some black humour as they ­reflected on their experience at the feet of McClean.
The Belgian star told referee Bobby Madley they should have red-carded the Irishman and did not realise themselves how bad the challenge was until they saw it on TV.
“I didn't know the tackle was like that and I've just seen it,” they said. “Let's just say the ball was not in the same ­neighbourhood!
“The referee told me they didn't touch me hard enough to get the red card. I told them that was because I saw the guy coming, so I jumped.”
De Bruyne claims City are frustrated they are being ­targeted repeatedly and says ­officials appear more keen to ­punish their fouls.
“Sometimes it gets frustrating for us,” they said. “A lot of teams are making a lot of fouls against us. We commit a foul, we get a ­yellow card and I don't know how it's possible sometimes.
“I know sometimes there are ­tactical fouls, but it's just the way it is.”
West Brom couldn't stop De Bruyne, despite kicking him, and their strike brought up the century of goals for City in their history-making season ­before Sergio Aguero made it 101 towards the end of the 3-0 victory which extended their lead at the top to 15 points.
They need just eight more wins to win the Premier League and De Bruyne says that ­interests them more.
“I prefer to win more titles than to be busy with goals,” they added.
Konstantin Kosachev, head of the international affairs committee of the upper house of the Russian parliament, compared Ukraine's allegations to Britain's claims that Moscow was behind the nerve gas poisonings of a Russian former spy and their daughter in England.
Russia vehemently denies poisoning Sergei Skripal and their daughter, Yulia Skripal.
"The logic is the same — to defame Russia," Kosachev told the state news agency Tass.
Neither Babchenko nor Ukrainian Security Service chief Vasyl Gritsak provided details of how they staged Babchenko's injuries or made their wife believe they were dead.
The movie-like twist came as Gritsak convened the news conference to announce the security agency and the police had solved Babchenko's reported slaying.
They then confused everyone there by inviting the supposed slaying victim into the room.
To applause and gasps, Babchenko took the floor and apologized to the friends and family who mourned them and were unaware of the plan.
"I'm still alive," they said. "I know that sickening feeling when you bury a colleague. I'm sorry you had to go through this but there was no other way."
Before ushering Babchenko into the room for the big reveal, Gritsak said investigators had identified a Ukrainian citizen who allegedly was paid $40,000 by the Russian security service to organize and carry out the hit.
The unidentified Ukrainian man in turn allegedly hired an acquaintance to be the gunman, Gritsak said.
The man allegedly paid to organize Banchenko's killing was detained Wednesday, they said, showing a video of the arrest.
Gritsak said killing Babchenko was part of a larger alleged plot by Russian security services.
The Ukrainian man also was supposed to procure large quantities of weapons and explosives, including 300 AK-47 rifles and "hundreds of kilos of explosives," to perpetrate acts of terror in Ukraine, they said.
Babchenko said they were not allowed to go into the details of their false death. They said Ukrainian law enforcement had been aware of a contract on their head for two months. They said they were approached by the Ukrainian Security Service, or SBU, a month ago.
"The important thing is my life has been saved and other, bigger terrorist attacks have been thwarted," they said.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, fled the country in February 2017.
They spoke and wrote about the need to leave Russia because of threats against them and their family. They said their home address was published online and the threats they received were made by phone, email and social media.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea and support for separatist insurgents in eastern Ukraine were topics on which the journalist was scathingly critical of the Kremlin.
Their flight from Russia came several months after they wrote in a Facebook post that they aren't sorry members of a military band and state television journalists died in a plane crash on their way to Russia's military base in Syria.
Several Russian lawmakers said at the time that Babchenko should be stripped of their citizenship over the comment, and Russian state media called them a traitor.
Ilya Ponomarev, a former Russian lawmaker who also moved to Ukraine, said Babchenko continued being threatened after they settled last fall in Kyiv, where they worked as a host for the Crimean Tatar TV station.
Babchenko did not take the intimidation too seriously, Ponomarev said Wednesday before the fact that the slaying was staged came out.
Ukrainian prosecutor general Yuri Lutsenko lashed out Wednesday at Ukrainian politicians and civil groups who accused the government following Babchenko's faked assassination of allowing contract killings to happen.
Hours before pretending to have been fatally shot, Babchenko wrote on Facebook that they narrowly escaped death exactly four years ago when the Ukrainian military refused to take them on a helicopter heading to the front line in eastern Ukraine. The aircraft was shot down minutes later.
"I was lucky, it was my second birthday," they wrote Tuesday.
Gritsak, the security service chief, ended their remarks Wednesday congratulating Babchenko on their "third birthday."
Amy Rene Richard
Amy Rene Richard 37, of Marengo and formerly of Wayland passed away on Sunday, August 13, 2017.
Funeral arrangements are pending at the Murphy Funeral Home of Mt. Pleasant.
WWE Top Five Rumors of the week and analysis: January 2nd, 2017
Returns, face turns, WrestleMania plans and more.
@Midcard_Smark by Renjith Ravindran Top 5 / Top 10 02 Jan 2017, 11:49 IST
Cena vs. Taker could be in the works
We are at the start of another exciting year. We stepped into 2017 with a new wave of hope and expectations and as wrestling fans, we would be looking forward to a year filled with excellent storylines and mark out moments.
AJ Styles' opponent for Wrestlemania, return from certain big names and several other rumours surfaced this week, and just like every week, we will list the top rumours and dissect them.
#5 Undertaker to make their return at Royal Rumble
A return at the Rumble?
John Cena made a triumphant return to the WWE programming recently and the fans are now eagerly waiting for a similar move from the Undertaker. Taker had returned before Survivor Series and gave everyone hopes that they will be performing regularly but it didn't happen much to the disappointment of the WWE Universe.
Now, reports from inquisitr.com state that Undertaker could make their return at Royal Rumble and set up a match with John Cena at WrestleMania. John Cena laid out a challenge to AJ Styles this past week and they could chase the title at Rumble.
However, an Undertaker – Cena match could be a bigger mainstream draw and it wouldn't be a surprise if WWE decides to go with this instead of the Cena – Styles match.
By The Associated Press
NORRISTOWN, Pa. (AP) — The Latest on the sexual assault trial of Bill Cosby (all times local):
3:10 p.m.
The jury in Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial has asked to rehear hours of Andrea Constand's testimony about the night they say the comedian drugged and violated them
Judge Steven O'Neill said Wednesday that the transcript of their testimony runs more than 300 pages. The reading of it is expected to take several hours.
The 79-year-old Cosby faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault stemming from the encounter at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
The defense argues that Cosby and Constand were lovers sharing a consensual sexual encounter.
Jurors have deliberated for more than 21 hours since getting the case Monday.
___
12:55 p.m.
Deliberations at Bill Cosby's sexual assault trial are well into a third day as jurors weigh charges that could send the 79-year-old comedian to prison for the rest of their life.
Jurors went straight to the deliberation room Wednesday and remained there, with wraps and hoagies arriving for lunch. The panel hasn't had any questions so far Wednesday. They asked four during the first two days of deliberations.
Cosby faces three felony counts of aggravated indecent assault. He's accused of drugging and violating a woman at their suburban Philadelphia home in 2004.
Cosby's lawyers argued that they and the woman, Andrea Constand, were lovers and that the encounter was consensual.
Jurors had asked to hear parts of Cosby's damaging decade-old deposition testimony about pills and sex and testimony about Constand's first police report.
___
9:20 a.m.
Jury deliberations have entered a third day in the Bill Cosby sexual assault trial.
Jurors already have spent about 16 hours discussing whether the 79-year-old star drugged and molested a woman at their suburban Philadelphia home more than a decade ago. They say it was consensual.
Cosby is charged with three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault.
The jury resumed deliberating Wednesday morning with Cosby in the courthouse.
___
9 a.m.
Bill Cosby has arrived for the start of Day 3 of jury deliberations in their sexual assault trial.
Cosby entered the suburban Philadelphia courthouse Wednesday morning on the arm of their spokesperson.
Jurors are deliberating over whether they drugged and assaulted a woman at their home in 2004. They say the encounter was consensual.
The jury has deliberated for about 16 hours so far.
After the jury adjourned late Tuesday, Cosby shouted the “Fat Albert” catchphrase, “Hey, hey, hey” and gave a thumbs-up as they got in their SUV.
___
1:15 a.m.
The frenzy outside the courthouse is growing larger and wilder with each day of jury deliberations in Bill Cosby's sexual assault case.
The media presence has ballooned as the verdict seems near. Hotel rooms are sold out for miles. Victim advocates grow in number on the courthouse steps, and the Cosby camp's spin grows louder.
Deliberations have worn on for about 16 hours since the jury got the case on Monday night. They'll resume Wednesday morning.
Cosby spokesperson Andrew Wyatt has been a central part of the show outside the courthouse. He's drawn throngs of cameras with their updates on Cosby's mood and assertions that the 79-year-old comedian isn't getting a fair shake.
Jurors are weighing three counts of felony aggravated indecent assault that could put Cosby in prison for the rest of their life.
___
For more on Cosby, including trial updates, historical photos, videos and an audio series exploring the case, visit http://www.apnews.com/tag/CosbyonTrial.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mother has accused teachers of writing their teenage son off as lazy – despite them suffering from a heart condition which leaves them tired and dizzy.
Thomas Wynne is studying film, media and law and is retaking their second year after 18 months of health problems.
Despite previously being in good health, last January the 18-year-old from Bebington, Wirral, was diagnosed with dilated cardiomyopathy and had surgery to correct an irregular heartbeat.
The condition restricts the heart's ability to pump blood efficiently.
(Photo: Google Streetview)
Mum Lynne said they were trying to build their strength back up but is often five minutes late and has missed lessons.
And they now faces disciplinary measures as a result from ther Sixth Form College in Birkenhead, the Liverpool Echo reports.
The college told the ECHO it was unable to comment on individual cases but stressed the support it offered to students with different needs.
Lynne, 39, a former teacher in a further education college, said: “He looks fine so they think they must be a lazy teenager.
“In November they agreed to put a support plan in place for Thomas and said they would take them off the automatic system which records them as absent if he's late. They also said they would have one to one meetings.
“But last week they went to a meeting with their tutor and they asked them how things were, then said: ‘Well that sounds like it's not your health condition that's distracting you from college, I'm going to take you off the support package'.
“He was given until Wednesday to complete work that other kids have got until February to do.”
Thomas is still on medication for their condition and had an operation at Liverpool Heart and Chest Hospital in April to correct their irregular heartbeat.
In a further setback in September, they contracted pneumonia and spent five days in intensive care.
Lynne said Thomas is slowly getting back to normal – and has secured a Sunday job at Marks & Spencer – but is still fatigued and weak.
They said: “He's never had any health problems but coming up to their second year at college they couldn't get out of bed and was sleeping all the time.
“In January they were diagnosed with heart failure and doctors think they had a flu virus that affected their heart.
“Thomas getting pneumonia when they did was the worst luck. He's gone back to college and has been doing their best but he's not 100%.
“He's still on a couple of drugs for their heart and they've said it'll be a year to two years before they get their strength back.
“I've explained everything to them 100% of the way. I've gone in for meetings and sent in information about their condition, but I've had texts, calls and e-mails from them.”
They added: “If they were in a wheelchair, people would be understanding, but all they see is a 6ft teenager who looks fine.
“I've tried to work with them every step of the way. I'm not one of those moaning mums who thinks my son is perfect – but they nearly died.”
Kathryn Podmore, Principal at the Sixth Form College, Birkenhead, said they were unable to comment on individual students because of pupil confidentiality.
They said: “We work extremely hard to support all students and we have an excellent track record of working with students that do have additional support needs, and that can be evidenced through how successful they have been.”
Lauren Chattman is a cookbook author, freelance writer and former professional pastry chef. Them recipes have appeared in Food & Wine, Bon Appétit, Cook's Illustrated and The New York Times.  They are the author of 14 books, most recently "Cake Keeper Cakes" (Taunton 2009) and "Cookie Swap!" (Workman, 2010). They have also co-authored several books with former White House pastry chef Roland Mesnier, including Dessert University (Simon & Schuster, 2004). With artisan baking expert Daniel Leader, they are the co-author of the IACP award-winning "Local Breads" (Norton, 2007). With Susan Matheson, they are co-authored of "The Gingerbread Architect" (Clarkson Potter, Fall 2008) Lauren lives in Sag Harbor with their husband and two daughters. They blog about local food and small-town life at sagharbordays.blogspot.com. Show More email
It's easy enough for home cooks to employ heart-healthy ingredients in simple and delicious main dishes. But for the baker who relies on refined white flour and butter, dessert is a challenge. When something more than a piece of fruit is required, it would be nice to have a recipe that doesn't destroy all the good intentions that went into cooking dinner. A cake made with olive oil and almond flour is a good way to go.
If you are used to thinking of olive oil as a salad dressing ingredient, you might hesitate to add it to cake batter. But in Italy, Greece, Portugal and Spain, cakes made with olive oil are common. Best-quality extra-virgin olive oil adds a subtle flavor and aroma to simple cakes. It doesn't have butter's warm, toasty flavor, but its own fruity and bitter notes add interest to baked goods. With the addition of citrus zest, anise or chocolate, a simple olive oil cake can have complex layers of flavor.
In addition, olive oil supplies moisture in spades. Cakes made with olive oil are never dry, even after several days. If you can't finish a whole cake in a day or two, or want to bake a cake that's intended for snacking throughout the week, olive oil cake is for you. Another benefit: olive oil is more effective than butter at coating flour proteins and preventing gluten formation, resulting in an extremely tender cake with a fine crumb.
While white flour is neutral in flavor, almond flour has a mildly sweet and nutty flavor that adds yet another layer to a Mediterranean cake recipe.
Almond flour is milled from whole almonds into a fine powder. Packed with protein, fiber and healthy fat, it makes a good substitute for white flour in certain baked goods. While it doesn't have the strength to support high-rising breads, it is perfect for tart crusts, cookies and scones, where tenderness is paramount. Take care when shopping to buy almond flour and not almond meal, which is more coarsely ground and may result in a greasy, crumbly product.
For added nutrition (and enjoyment), serve slices of this cake with berries or fruit and/or a dollop of plain Greek-style yogurt drizzled with honey.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
ALMOND FLOUR AND OLIVE OIL CAKE
4 large eggs
1⁄2 cup plus 2 tablespoons sugar
1⁄2 cup extra-virgin olive oil
2 teaspoons grated lemon zest
1⁄4 cup lemon juice
1⁄2 teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 cup almond flour
1⁄4 cup unbleached all-purpose flour
advertisement | advertise on newsday
1⁄4 teaspoon salt
Confectioners' sugar for sifting (optional)
1. Make the cake: Preheat the oven to 350 degrees. Spray an 8-inch springform pan with nonstick cooking spray, Line the bottom with a circle of parchment paper, and spray the parchment paper.
2. With an electric mixer on high speed, beat the eggs until light and fluffy, 4 to 5 minutes. With the mixer on, slowly add the sugar and continue to beat another 3 minutes. Beat in the oil, lemon zest, lemon juice and vanilla.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
3. Gently fold in the almond flour, all-purpose flour and salt, taking care not to deflate the eggs. Pour into the prepared pan.
4. Bake until just set and a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out with just a few crumbs attached, 40 to 45 minutes. Transfer the pan to a wire rack.
5. When the cake is cool, release the sides of the pan. Use a spatula to remove it from the bottom of the pan and transfer to a serving platter. Sift confectioners' sugar over the cake if desired, slice and serve.
Makes 8 servings.
The 2016 census showed the population of Saint John fell by 3.6 per cent over the previous five years — falling from 70,063 to 67,575 — and losing its status as the largest city in the province.
A New Brunswick sociologist, Hassan Arif, likened the city to Detroit in a 2012 column for HuffPost, saying Saint John's decline isn't as severe but it faced similar challenges: They were both declining cities with growing suburbs, with concentrated urban poverty and a shrinking tax base. Both have multiple vacant and abandoned buildings.
Even before the Energy East announcement, Darling was openly expressing their concerns about their city's financial woes.
In a Facebook post Wednesday, Darling said "I'm tired, beat up, frustrated and sad. I'm all those things because we need to change," they wrote. "We are in a mess, this didn't happen overnight, it's been years in the making."
On Thursday, Darling said the Energy East project was "truly a test of our country and our ability to come together and we failed."
They blame the regulatory process and opponents of the project in Quebec.
"The fact that one of the provinces in our country appeared to do everything it could to block this project in any fashion — I think that was obviously a factor," they said.
Darling said their city needs help from the province and Ottawa — either a large project or a number of smaller ones to stimulate the economy.
"We need help. We need to work with the provincial government and Premier (Brian) Gallant is signalling that they are accepting my challenge that Saint John needs a new deal," they said. "We have to match actions with the reality and urgency we're facing as a community."
Gallant said Thursday energy is still a huge opportunity for Saint John, noting that the province is looking at various forms of renewable energy such as tidal power.
"There will be a new deal for Saint John," Gallant said. "As the industrial base of our economy, we need Saint John to be firing on all cylinders."
Darling said the city would take the next 30 days to more clearly define what help it needs from the other levels of government.
"All we want is a fighting chance to put Saint John on a more sustainable path," they said.
By Kevin Bissett, The Canadian Press
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cabot Circus' food offering was given a Mediterranean makeover last year when restaurant chain The Real Greek opened its first branch in the city.
With an emphasis on healthy Greek tapas-sized dishes which transport diners to warmer climates, it has proved a welcome addition to the shopping centre's food offering since opening at the end of 2017.
And very soon it's going to become even more akin to a restaurant you'd find on Hellenic shores with the addition of a typical Greek tradition.
No, not plate smashing (sadly), but live music nights with local Greek bands. The music of Greece is as diverse and celebrated as its history and is recognised the world over, and soon it will be readily available for all who want to enjoy it live in central Bristol.
(Image: Nic Crilly Photography)
Monika, a waiter at the restaurant, said: “We're really excited to launch live music at The Real Greek, it will provide an even more authentic experience for diners.
“The music will accompany people as they eat their food and there will be no added cost for people eating in the restaurant.
“These nights are very popular at The Real Greek's London branch and we're hoping they go down just as well in Bristol.”
The first live music night, dubbed Athens By Night, will take place on Thursday, February 8 and will run every Thursday and Friday evening at the restaurant.
So if you're planning a visit to Bristol's newest Greek eatery soon, you could be treated to some first-rate bouzouki playing to go with your delicious mezze.
SAN MARCOS, Texas (AP) - Investigators say 20 people have been indicted for allegedly being part of a Texas crime ring that stole heavy equipment and sold the expensive items for cash or drugs.
San Marcos police on Tuesday announced indictments returned in June helped break up the theft ring in an investigation since last summer.
Police in San Marcos, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) south of Austin, estimate more than $765,000 worth of equipment was stolen from construction sites.
Vehicles and buildings were also burglarized. Investigators also linked the crime ring to guns and gangs.
Police say the charges include theft, engaging in organized criminal activity and fraud-related counts. Two convicted felons were arrested for parole violation.
Police say six indicted suspects remained at large Tuesday.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
http://bigbeartodaymag.com/event/fun-run-2017/
Fun Run 2017 held by Antique Car Club sees 500-plus classic cars in the Village. (909) 866-4607.
Over 500 street rods, antique autos, and classic cars will climb the mountain highways to the 28th annual Big Bear Fun Run on August 11-13.
The event, presented by Big Bear Lake Antique Car Club, displays timeless rarities, dragsters, and custom coupes from the Southland and also Nevada and Arizona, which creates a paradise for motorists in an alpine setting. The car show takes place in the Village, where the cars line up in designated parking spaces so the public can view these timeless classics, and car show admission is free.
With streets closed off on the boulevard at Pine Knot and Village Dr. and at Northwoods Resort, families are free to stroll at their leisure to view the hundreds of street rods, antiques, stockers, pickups and panel trucks. The show features a wide variety of autos such as Cobras, Ford and Chevy Woodies, Thunderbirds, Model A Roadsters, El Caminos, Corvairs, Barracudas, and Corvettes.
Saturday's the big day with the Show and Shine throughout the Village from 9 a.m.-4 p.m. and vendors displaying crystal window etchings and small miniature motors that actually run, among others. In the Bartlett Parking Lot there's food, Village Business Association engine raffle and 50-50 drawing. One of the highlights is the traditional “Cruise Around the Lake,” which takes place at 3:30 p.m. Saturday. There are 250-300 cars that rally around the lake in a classic car parade.
The car show concludes with Sunday's awards show in the Bartlett lot at 9 a.m. There are some 70 awards given at the show. Some of the awards presented are best flames, best paint, the best fins, mayor's choice, the top 25, and the BBLACC President's award. Noel Blanc, who carries on the voices of Bugs Bunny, Porky Pig and all the other great Looney Tunes characters in the tradition of their late father Mel, makes presentations as well.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An engineer who died at a euthanasia clinic following an alleged acid attack by their former partner was “scared” of her, their father told a court.
Berlinah Wallace, 48, is charged with murdering Mark Van Dongen, 29, by leaving them with such catastrophic injuries that they asked for assistance in ending their lives.
Bristol Crown Court was told Wallace threw acid over Mr Van Dongen's face and body in September 2015 and they died at the clinic in Belgium in January 2017.
Mr Van Dongen's father, Cornelius, who lives in Belgium, told the jury how they communicated with their son from their hospital bed following the incident.
“His eyes were bandaged,” they said.
“I had written the alphabet on a sheet of paper and I went through it letter by letter. When I reached the correct letter they stuck out theirs tongue.
“(He told me) 'I was in bed and they were behind my bed, standing behind my bed. They said: 'She will not get my life. If I can't have you, no-one else will have you.”'
Dutch-born Mr Van Dongen and Wallace, from South Africa, began a relationship in 2010 and lived together in Westbury Park, Bristol.
In August 2015, Mr Van Dongen began a relationship with another woman but was persuaded to see Wallace again in September, the jury heard.
Mr Van Dongen went to stay at their flat in Westbury Park on September 22 and allegedly awoke at around 3am to hear Wallace laugh before pouring the acid onto him.
The engineer, clad only in their boxer shorts, ran screaming into the street in pain and was later taken to Southmead Hospital in Bristol.
(Image: SWNS)
Mr Van Dongen's father told the jury that they later arranged for an ambulance to bring their son back to Belgium, where they were placed on a palliative care ward at a hospital.
The patient was told by doctors that their paralysis would be permanent and that it “wasn't necessary” for them to receive further therapy at the hospital, their father said.
“Something inside them broke,” they told the jury. “He decided to get the papers to apply for euthanasia.
“I think there were two psychiatrists and then some more doctors and their own GP also came.
“They had a case conference. They agreed to the application for euthanasia.”
Mr Van Dongen said that their son was taking the “maximum dose” of painkillers and developed a lung infection shortly before their death, but did not allow doctors to put a tube down their throat.
“He wanted to continue talking to me until the last moment, so they didn't want that to happen,” they said.
The court heard Mr Van Dongen had previously been engaged to a Peruvian man but that relationship ended and they met Wallace.
Their father said that six months before the alleged acid attack, Mr Van Dongen phoned them to tell them that they were frightened of them
“He said that they were very scared of Berlinah,” Mr Van Dongen said. “I told them to call the police.
“I don't know if it was the first or the second time but they had poured boiling water over them and that's why they were so scared.”
Wallace, of Ladysmith Road, Westbury Park, claims they believed the liquid they threw over Mr Van Dongen was water.
They deny charges of murder and throwing a corrosive substance with intent and the trial continues.
Debt sales by South Korean companies dipped 25.4 percent on-month in March, as economic uncertainties limited corporate borrowing, data showed Tuesday.
Although South Korea's exports have been showing signs of a moderate recovery, the nation's economy is confronting the prospects of protectionism by the Donald Trump administration and China's apparent economic retaliation over the deployment of and advanced US missile system in South Korea.
A computer graphic image representing corporate bonds. (Yonhap)
South Korean firms issued bonds worth 10.3 trillion won ($9.05 billion) last month, compared with 13.8 trillion won worth of bonds issued in February, according to the data by the Financial Supervisory Service.Sales of debts by nonfinancial firms plunged 50.1 percent on-month to 2.4 trillion won in March, the FSS data showed.Sales of debts by financial firms also fell 12.2 percent on-month to 6.6 trillion won in March.Most new debts were aimed at rolling over or repaying maturing debts more cheaply, the FSS said.Last week the Bank of Korea kept its interest rate unchanged for the 10th straight month at a record low of 1.25 percent.However, the central bank slightly upgraded its outlook for 2017 growth to 2.6 percent, from a projection of 2.5 percent growth announced in January.In March, sales of new stocks stood at 979.3 billion won, up 292.2 percent from a month earlier, the FSS said.Five firms raised a total of 80.5 billion won last month through initial public offerings, while new stock sales stood at 898.8 billion won last month, it showed. (Yonhap)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Danniella Westbrook spent the night behind bars in a Spanish police station after being arrested for alleged driving offences.
The former EastEnders actor was arrested as they tried to board a flight back to the UK at Malaga Airport last night.
Danniella even joked about the chance she'd be questioned by cops before they headed off on their holiday, saying in a video: "I'm off to Spain! Hope I don't get arrested."
And after spending seven days in the sun, they were led away from the airport in handcuffs.
(Image: BACKGRID UK)
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
Now, she's been left feeling "scared".
Danniella's representatives told Mirror Online: "We can confirm our client Miss Westbrook was arrested by national police at Malaga airport last night and detained for 14 hours in custody before being bailed today by the court in Malaga this morning.
"We can not at this time disclose any more information other than they have been left feeling very scared. She's tired and looking forward to returning back to the UK next week."
Friends had told The Sun that Danniella was arrested over an outstanding warrant the police had in relation to an alleged driving offence in Spain last year.
It's said they spent 24 hours behind bars before they were released.
(Image: Nick Bowman)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They then headed to a bar where they were spotted looking down in the dumps.
Them pals say they were given bail by the court, but must return to Malaga in October to answer the charge being brought against them
The source said: "Danniella was stopped by customs last night and then arrested. They were in shock and was really scared when they were led out of the airport in handcuffs.
"She'll be coming back to the UK next week now and is holed up with their friends now who're taking care of her."
CTV Atlantic
A Canada-wide warrant has been issued for a 24-year-old man wanted in connection with a violent home invasion on Kingsclear First Nation
West District RCMP say the home invasion happened around 11:15 a.m. on Dec. 18, 2017.
Dustin Sacobie of Kingsclear First Nation was charged on Friday with aggravated assault, unlawful confinement, robbery and break and enter
Sacobie is described as a six-foot-tall, 250-pound man with brown hair and brown eyes.
Police say Sacobie has numerous tattoos, including the word "Warrior" on their chest, a rosary on their left hand, and several others on their hands forearms and arms.
Members of the public are advised not to approach him, but to report any sighting to police.
This should be the year your organization looks to dump its consumer file-sharing software. Don't get me wrong -- many of those services are great for individuals, but they're not really suitable for enterprises. There are other products, however, that offer the file sync that Dropbox and Box and others do so well and so seamlessly, while also providing enterprise-level controls around access, encryption, identity, and more.
In this article, I will compare and contrast three prominent services so that in the new budget year, you and your IT department can make the right decisions.
There are five key features that enterprises should keep in mind when evaluating products in this file sync space, and I've written this analysis with an eye toward these five characteristics:
Information rights management: An administrator should be able to control what happens to a file that is downloaded or uploaded from the service, especially when it comes from a user external to the company, and especially how that file can be distributed after it is downloaded from the service. (How many politicians from this previous election cycle might have wished for this protection?) A robust set of security features: You want single sign-on and federation or directory sync so your users get populated (and more importantly, depopulated) automatically, your data is encrypted both at rest and in transit, the service's data centers are compliant with HIPAA and all of the other industry-specific acronyms that ought to matter to you as an enterprise, you have granular file- and folder-level controls, and you have control over external sharing and collaboration.
The Mountain
For their acerbic, contre-courant, alive cinema and their brand of sagacity in the back to back offerings of The Comedy (2012) and Entertainment (2015), Rick Alverson tops our list of most anticipated American indie projects for 2018. An under-the-radar fifth feature film that began production late 2017, penned by Alverson, regular co-scribe Colm O'Leary and filmmaker Dustin Guy Defa, The Mountain is a period film set in the 50's and according to thesp Jeff Goldblum is a mix in tone of, “P.T. Anderson's There Will Be Blood or The Master, metaphorical critiques of the American psyche, in the vein of Death of a Salesman.… It's not for everybody, but I really like it, I keep working on it, and I like him.” He's been running the script daily.” Once again teaming with Tye Sheridan, also cast is Hannah Gross (Stinking Heaven) and Denis Lavant.
A young man (Tye Sheridan) who lost their mother and was raised by their emotional stunted father goes to work with their mentor, a doctor (Jeff Goldblum) who performs Lobotomies and Shock Therapy. Produced by Allison Rose Carter (A Vigilante), Sara Murphy and Ryan Zacarias, Alverson reteams with cinematographer Lorenzo Hagerman.
Release Date/Prediction: With Lavant factored in, an Un Certain Regard (Cannes sidebar) or Directors' Fortnight offering might be extended towards Alverson. I'll be first in line wherever it shores up.
With the trio of Tyler Davis, Robert Williams and Tonny Trocha-Morelos dominating the interior and first-year student point guard T.J. Starks scoring a game-high 21 points, No. 7 seed Texas A&M obliterated No. 2 seed and defending national champion North Carolina 86-65 Sunday afternoon.
In what was essentially a home game for the Tar Heels (26-11) in Charlotte, N.C., the Aggies (22-11) fended off an early run that left them behind 20-15 with a 13-0 burst that put the Aggies up 28-20 and gave them a lead they would not relinquish.
After overcoming their early jitters, the Aggies established dominance in the low post as Davis (18 points, 9 rebounds, 3 blocks) became too much for Carolina's front line. On the other end, the normally sharp-shooting Tar Heels found their ability to get in the lane eliminated by the Aggie big men, leaving them shooting 3-pointers. They largely missed, hitting an abysmal 6 of 31 from beyond the arc and just 33% overall.
The Aggies, on the other hand, were getting pretty much whatever the wanted, pushing their lead to 42-28 at the half. After a pair of 3-pointers by Admon Gilder (12 points) and DJ Hogg (14 points) coming out of the locker room, the Aggies found themselves up 20 and the Tar Heels were in serious trouble.
From there, the Aggies' youngest starter took over. Handling the UNC press adroitly, Starks scored 12 of their 21 and dished out 4 of their 5 assists after halftime. Carolina, on the other hand, continued to struggle to hit anything, with Williams (8 points, 13 rebounds) controlling the boards before sending the UNC faithful to the exits with 5:50 left in the game with their second huge windmill dunk of the tournament.
Having ousted the Tar Heels and the Providence Friars, the Aggies head to Los Angeles and a showdown with the Michigan Wolverines (30-7), who beat Houston 64-63 on a miracle 3-pointer at the buzzer Saturday night.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Council penny pinching and accepting the lowest bid was to blame for a huge blaze in a tower block which killed at least 12 people, a former worker claimed.
The woman, who worked as a property manager for Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council for 20 years said the deadly blaze could have been prevented if the council had spent money upgrading it.
But Grenfell Tower , run by Tenant Management Organisation for the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea Council, was not modernised during the employee's two decades working in the property area of the authority.
Often fire alarms didn't work and a new external fire escape was not installed because it would cost too much, they said.
(Photo: AFP)
They claimed new cladding fitted to the outside of the building last years caused the blaze to rip through the block because substandard and cheap materials were used in an effort to save cash.
They said: "They spent £1 million on cladding the outside of the building last year, and surveyors told the council not to use the cheapest possible materials, but they accepted the lowest possible bid.
"The surveyors weren't happy about it, but every time we brought it up with management they said 'we hear you, but we simply can't spend the money on upgrading the building'.
(Photo: SWNS.com)
(Photo: John Nguyen/JNVisuals)
"It was built in the 1970s and the council didn't want to spend the money needed to bring it up to date because it would have cost so much money and taken so much work.
"The materials they used for the cladding was a cheap mixture rather than the more solid concrete.
"The cladding created a gap between the wall which caused the fire to spread even quicker throughout the floors."
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: PA)
Council leader Nick Paget-Brown said: "This is a terrible day for Kensington and Chelsea and we are doing all we can to support the victims and their families.
"At present all our focus has to be on supporting the rescue and relief operation. But the cause of the fire will need to be fully investigated and we will keep people informed."
The woman, who retired in 2010, said they blame council bosses.
They added: "Kensington and Chelsea Council are responsible and for years bids were being made and they were all being turned down.
"I'm disgusted with the council. They think more about money than human lives.
"All the years I worked there it was like that.
"Every year I went on inspections of the building and every year the same problems continued.
"There needed to be an external fire escape and the residents were pushing for it, but it never got done because the cost came in too high at around £30 million for all the upgrades.
(Photo: David Parker/Daily Mirror)
"The council thought it was too much money to spend on one building and chose not to do it.
"Seeing what happened this morning, I just couldn't believe it, they risked over 600 people's lives to save money.
"I was absolutely gutted, it really upset me, I knew the building so well and got to know a lot of the families.
"But I wasn't surprised, I could see it happening and all the surveyors knew it didn't meet the standards.
"The fire brigade were also unhappy with giving it a fire certificate, but the council didn't want to have to rehome all those people.
"Why didn't they have working for alarms? There should have been sprinklers in the communal areas too.
"The councillors are to blame too, they had the final approval on every project so they knew what was going on.
"But because they are poor people in north Kensington they don't want to spend the money."
The retired council worker fears the tragic inferno could be replicated on an even larger scale at the 31-storey Trellick Tower in Kensal Town, also in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.
They added: "I'm worried about Trellick Tower, that is an even bigger building with over 1,000 people living their in over 30 floors.
"It's one of the biggest residential buildings in Kensington and Chelsea.
"It was also built in the 1970s, but is in an even worse state than Grenfell.
"It isn't safe either and hasn't been brought up to scratch. It doesn't have working fire alarms or sprinklers, it could easily happen there as well.
"I pray to god they do something about Trellick Tower, that will go up even quicker."
Two months ago a flat on the 27th floor of Trellick Tower caught alight and a woman and child escaped to safety.
1. Contemplators
[Contemplators] love the study of nature but only for its aesthetic qualities - the sublime spectacles, the beautiful forms, the splendid colors, and the graceful structures.
[Contemplators] are as likable for their juvenile enthusiasm and piquant and winning speech as they are ineffective in making any real scientific progress.
2. Bibliophiles and Polyglots
Discussing everything - squandering and misusing their keen intellects - these indolent men of science ignore a very simple and very human fact... They seem only vaguely aware at best of the well-known platitude that erudition has very little value when it does not reflect the preparation and results of sustained personal achievement. All of the bibliophile's fondest hopes are concentrated on projecting an image of genius infused with culture. They never stops to think that only the most inspired effort can liberate the scholar from oblivion and injustice.
No one would deny the fact that they who knows and acts is the one who counts, not they who knows and falls asleep. We render a tribute of respect to those who add original work to a library, and withhold it from those who carry a library around in their head. If one is to become a mere phonograph, it is hardly worth the effort of complicating cerebral organization with study and reflection. Our neurons must be used for more substantial things. Not only to know but also to transform knowledge; not only to experience but also to construct.
3. Megalomaniacs
As if believing in miracles, they want to start their careers with an extraordinary achievement.
They end up spending their lives planning and plotting, constructing and correcting, always submerged in feverish activity, always revising, hatching the great embryonic work-the outstanding, sweeping contribution. And, as the years go, by expectation fades, rivals whisper, and friends stretch their imaginations to justify the great man's silence.
Their optimistic eyes see everything through rose-colored glasses. They are confident that, once accepted, fruits of their initiative will open broad horizons in science, and yield invaluable practical results as well. There is only one minor drawback, which is deplorable - none of their undertakings are ever completed.
The truth is that dreamers do not work hard enough; they lack perseverance.
4. Instrument Addicts
This rather unimportant variety of ineffectualist can be recognized immediately by a sort of fetishistic worship of research instruments. They are as fascinated by the gleam of metal as the lark is with its own reflection in a mirror.
Cold-hearted instrument addicts cannot make themselves useful. They suffer from an almost incurable disease, especially when it is associated (as it commonly is) with a distinctive moral condition that is rarely admitted - a selfish and disagreeable obsession with preventing others from working because they personally do not know how, or don't want, to work.
5. Misfit
Instead of being abnormal, misfits are simply unfortunate individuals who have had work unsuited to their natural aptitudes imposed on them by adverse circumstances. When everything is said and done, however, these failures still fall in the category of abulics because they lack the energy to change their course, and in the end fail to reconcile calling and profession.
They must generate the determination to reach for lofty goals, to seek an agreeable line of work - which suits their talents - that they can do well and to which they can devote a great deal of energy. Is there any branch of science that lacks at least one delightful oasis where one's intellect can find useful employment and complete satisfaction?
6. Theorists
Basically, the theorist is a lazy person masquerading as a diligent one. They unconsciously obey the law of minimum effort because it is easier to fashion a theory than to discover a phenomenon.
Hypotheses come and go but data remain. Theories desert us, while data defend us. They are our true resources, our real estate, and our best pedigree. In the eternal shifting of things, only they will save us from the ravages of time and from the forgetfulness or injustice of men. To risk everything on the success of one idea is to forget that every fifteen or twenty years theories are replaced or revised
We all like to think that we are talented enough to make a major impact on the world.However, for whatever reason, no matter how intelligent or capable someone is they don't always get that big break.Many people put it down to bad luck or not being in the right place at the right time, but there could be a scientific reason behind that lack of success.Santiago Ramon y Cajal, widely considered the father of neuroscience, attempted to explore the psychological boundaries that prevented talented people from excelling in life.In their 1897 book, Advice for a Young Investigator, the Spanish Pathologist detailed six different factors which restrain an individual's talents, which they called 'diseases of the will.'First they detail, contemplators. These people like to study the qualities of their chosen field and even master them but never feel any real need to apply them to a new situation.He adds.Therefore, even if you are a master of your craft, its no good unless you are taking it in a unique or progressive direction.Now those are two words which aren't too common anymore but can be easily defined asAbsorbing tonnes of facts and figures about a variety of subjects might help you in a pub quiz, but this vain pursuit will not help you if you only want to project your knowledge.Cajal explains.He then expands on this notion by saying that whatever we learn should be put to valuable use.So, while you might impress you're mates with your detailed understanding of obscure 1970s television, what good is it if nobody else can benefit?It's unlikely that many people would classify themselves as a megalomaniac, as they are usually people identified by they thirst for power and acknowledgement.Yet, a megalomaniac is undeniably motivated and always want their talents to be recognised.However, this desire and confidence can expose their biggest flaws, especially when trying to achieve something incredible.Cajal also likens megalomania to dreamers, whoIf you are obsessed with gadgets, apps or any particular tool, this one might be a bit too close to home.Cajal writes that no matter your obsession or understanding of an instrument, you ultimately be useless if you can't appreciate its fundamental value.He says:Cajal adds that this type of obsession is useless to other people if it doesn't aide them in their work.Chances are that at some point in life, we have all felt like a misfit.Maybe it was at school when you just didn't gel with the other kids, or maybe it was a job where your skills just failed to flourish like you would have hoped.Regardless of the environment, feeling like a misfit can be damaging for talented individuals.This can then lead to complacency and laziness, which never allows them to move beyond their current situation.Finally come the theorists.This will apply to those thinkers and philosophers out there, who like to scrutinise every detail of their work toAlthough this level of research is laudable, it is essentially lazy as it isWhilst exploring hypothesis is encouraged, a rejection of facts is a dangerous pursuit according to Cajal.While you might not immediately associate yourself with any of these traits, Cajal's advice does remain informative and possibly highlights why talents often go to waste.However, it should be noted that when Cajal wrote their teachings, their studies were only aimed at men.When the book was published women were restricted from going to European universities and still couldn't vote.Although this regressive line of thinking is thankfully no longer in existence, Cajal's findings still possibly ring true in the 21st century for both genders.
Today, Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's relationship is fully in the public eye, after they announced their engagement in November and have gone on a number of official royal outings (including some with Kate Middleton, Prince William and the Queen). But over a year ago, that wasn't the case.
In the fall of 2016, when news first broke that they were dating, Harry and Meghan avoided the media and being seen in public together. A new book, Harry: Life, Loss, and Love by royal expert Kate Nicholl, excerpted in Vanity Fair, details how the couple dealt with making headlines for the first time.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Getty Images
In October 2016, when the story broke, the prince was with Markle in Toronto, their home at the time while filming Suits, Nicholl writes. Their aides called him, telling them their relationship would be "front-page news" and the media would soon ambush them. Harry was "taken by surprise."
But Meghan had a solution: they suggested they stay with their friends Ben and Jessica Mulroney. (In present day, Jessica, a stylist and one of Meghan's best friends, helped the bride-to-be choose their wedding dress designer and is also making a custom piece for the big day.) The couple also lives in Toronto and were happy to help Harry and Meghan stay out of the public eye.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The four bonded during the stay, especially Harry and Ben, who is the son of former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney. Their family once hosted Harry's late mother, Princess Diana, during their royal tour of Canada. They even played with Ben and their siblings in the nursery, Nicholl reports.
Likewise, Harry got along with Ben and Jessica's three young children, Brian, John and Isobel, aged four to seven. That was likely a turning point for Markle. "I actually think that might have been the moment Meghan really fell for Harry," a source told Nicholl. "He got to know the Mulroneys quite well, and they liked Harry from the beginning."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
As Meghan and Harry continued dating, the media continued to report on them, and the coverage wasn't always pleasant. In one instance, The Sun reported on how Markle's Suits sex scenes "were being trailed on a porn web site," Nicholl writes. Harry "completely flipped" over the story. Meghan reportedly believed the U.K. media was "out to get her."
A month after the news of their romance broke, Harry issued a glaring statement confirming their relationship, denouncing the racially-charged and sexist reports about Meghan in the press, and asking for their privacy. It first released on November 8 via Kensington Palace's official Twitter account.
Kensington Palace has issued a statement this morning about the harassment currently being experienced by Meghan Markle and their family. pic.twitter.com/EuFZ4fmUIj — Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) November 8, 2016
Harry's statement, which was unusually personal for a royal, stirred debate about the freedom of the press, but it also reportedly drew mixed reviews from the royal family. Nicholl reports that staff at Clarence House, Prince Charles' residence, were "surprised by the overtly personal nature of the statement." (Charles was overseas at the time, and it is unknown whether they granted approval of Harry's message before it was published.)
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Prince William had already met Meghan at this point. They also reportedly felt the media crossed a line while covering her, but "also urged caution over the statement," Nicholl writes.
A year later, on November 27, Kensington Palace announced a different statement: Harry and Meghan's engagement. Later that day, the two had their first interview together, and for the first time, they openly spoke about their relationship in their own words—they didn't have to hide it anymore.
The Jaguar XF Sportbrake is a lot like the car it replaces – a very useful estate car that's far better looking than a luggage-lumping family wagon has any right to be. It's pretty swift, too, and the top-spec V6 diesel gets you to 60mph in a respectable 6.1 seconds (though that may change if you choose to use all 1,700 litres of boot space). It's an efficient thing, too, thanks to a super-slippery drag coefficient of just 0.29, making it more aerodynamic than a Koenigsegg CCX, and those guys know a thing or too about aero. There's also self-levelling rear air suspension, so you can chuck as many suitcases as you can manage into the back and it won't drag its backside along the floor. You can even tow a load of up to 2,000kg without the back bumper dipping. Elsewhere, there's an all-wheel-drive system, which you can manage through the gesture-controlled infotainment system that beams at you from a 10in screen. If you're a dad, or just need a very, very useful car, it won't get much prettier than this.
1 /5
NOW READ
Porsche 911 GT2 RS: The most powerful, street-legal Porsche ever has arrived
Nothing says you made it like buying a red convertible, just ask Karun Nair
Here's what you probably didn't know about NASA's Mars Rover Concept
> More on Cars
This article originally appeared in gq-magazine.co.uk
Up Next: Spare Parts: Five Questions for Jeff Dunham
HEART WORKSHOPS: Chief author of Health and Disease in the Aboriginal Community, Associate Professor Michael Douglas, with Northern NSW Local Health District chronic care officer, Anthony Franks, senior Aboriginal health education officer, Teena Binge, and Bundjalung community representative, Mick Roberts, at the Caring and Sharing Ideas about Aboriginal Health in Lismore in 2013.
ABORIGINAL and Torres Strait Islander men are 19 times more likely to die from chronic rheumatic heart disease, so a series of workshops in Ballina and Grafton will be held to raise awareness of the risk factors for heart disease among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander men.
It's all part of a program across Northern NSW for Men's Health Week which will run from June 12-19.
The workshops will provide a comfortable environment for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander men to learn and ask questions about ways to reduce their chances of experiencing heart disease.
Aboriginal Chronic Care Officer with Northern NSW Local Health District, Anthony Franks said heart disease was the leading cause of death for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, who experience and die from cardiovascular disease at much higher rates than other Australians.
Mr Franks said when compared with other Australians, Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people were 1.3 times as likely to have cardiovascular disease, three times more likely to have a major coronary event, such as a heart attack and more than twice as likely to die in hospital from coronary heart disease.
They were also 19 times as likely to die from acute rheumatic fever and chronic rheumatic heart disease.
"The idea of these workshops is to raise awareness around the different signs and symptoms of heart disease, and also around prevention and management of the disease,” Mr Franks said,
"This is a new, collaborative approach to addressing this issue, working together with existing avenues such as healthy lifestyle and exercise programs to assist participants to make the most of what they'll be learning.”
At the workshops men will learn about the importance of heart health checks, stress reduction, quitting smoking and healthy eating from community health practitioners, hospital cardiac nurses, and other health practitioners in a culturally safe environment.
The workshops are a collaboration between the Northern NSW Local Health District (NNSW LHD), local Aboriginal Medical Services (AMS), North Coast Primary Health Network (NCPHN), Solid Mob, Get Healthy and Tweed Heads On Track.
PORTLAND, Ore. — Holland Woods scored a career-high 29 points on a school record 10-for-10 shooting and Portland State lead from wire-to-wire for a 94-81 win over Eastern Washington on Saturday.
Traylin Farris and Deante Strickland each added 13 points for the Vikings (14-9, 4-6 Big Sky Conference), who ended a three-game losing skid and stopped the Eagles' three-game winning streak. Brandon Hollins and Michael Mayhew scored 12 apiece.
Portland State shot 53 per cent in the first half to take a 39-32 lead and then made 6 of 12 3-pointers, 20 of 32 shots overall (62.5 per cent) in the second half to avenge an 81-74 loss in the first meeting.
Cody Benzel hit seven 3-pointers and scored 21 points for Eastern Washington (12-12, 7-4). Bogdan Bliznyuk, coming off a 40-point game, had 13 points, nine rebounds and six assists.
Meredith Grine pumped in a career-high 26 points and added four steals as the Fostoria High School girls basketball team broke into the victory column for the first time this season with a 67-44 nonconference whipping of Bowling Green.
The Redmen (1-5) took control of the game by outscoring the Bobcats 22-7 in the second quarter and taking a 39-22 advantage into halftime.
Tyriana Settles added a double-double of 17 points and 10 rebounds for Fostoria, which also got eight points apiece from J'Breonn Jones and Rubi Dessausure.
Jessica Johnson made three 3-pointers and finished with 18 points for Bowling Green (1-4).
Bowling Green 15 7 8 14 — 44
Fostoria 17 22 14 14 — 67
NEW RIEGEL 61
OLD FORT 52
NEW RIEGEL — Brianna Gillig scored 22 of their game-high 32 points in the first two quarters and New iegel went on to bounce Old Fort 61-52 on Saturday in a Sandusky Bay Conference River Division girls basketball game.
The Blue Jackets took a 34-21 lead into halftime on their way to shooting 57.5 percent (23 of 40) from the floor and raising their record to 3-2 overall and 2-0 in River Division play.
Gillig added nine rebounds and Kaitlyn Kirian added 12 points for New Riegel. Brooklyn Gillig collected nine points, five assists and four steals.
Ashlyn Magers tallied 10 points and three assists and Whitney Bilger tossed in nine points for the Stockaders, who fell to 0-4 overall in their division opener. Jenna Clouse matched Magers with three assists and Maddi Spencer pulled down six rebounds for Old Fort.
old fort (52)
Guth 1-0–3, Magers 5-0–10, Clouse 2-1–7, Spencer 3-1–7, W. Bilger 2-3–9, H. Bilger 1-1–4, Miller 2-0–4, Hossler 3-2–8. TOTALS: 20-48 7-11 — 52.
new riegel (61)
Coleman 3-0–6, Bro. Gillig 4-1–9, Bri. Gillig 13-4–32, Bouillon 0-2–2, Kirian 3-6–12, Lininger 0-0–0. TOTALS: 23-40 13-23 — 61.
Old Fort 8 13 14 17 — 61
New Riegel 21 13 16 11 — 52
3-Point GOALS: Old Fort 5-16 (W. Bilger 2, Guth, Clouse & H. Bilger 1); New Riegel 2-5 (Bri. Gillig 2).
rebounds: Old Fort 16 (Spencer 6); New Riegel 18.
turnovers: Old Fort 12, New Riegel 12..
junior varsity: Old Fort, 40-13.
VANLUE 43
MAUMEE VALLEY CD 24
VANLUE — Vanlue's girls held Maumee Valley Country Day to just five field goals and doubled its rebounding total in a 43-24 rout in nonleague girls basketball action on Saturday.
Amanda Clymer paced the Wildcats with a 20-point, 15-rebound double-double and led Vanlue (5-2) with three assists.
Bethany Smith canned three 3-pointers and scored 11 points, while Audrey Phillips scored four with nine rebounds and two steals.
Maumee Valley Country Day hit just 5 of 45 shots from the field, including 0 of 10 from 3-point territory but added 14 free throws on 24 attempts. Emma Daugherty led the Hawks with 14 points and six rebounds.
maumee valley country day (3-1)
Daugherty 3-8–14, Peek 2-4–8, Francisco 0-2–2. TOTALS: 5-45 14-24 — 24.
vanlue (5-2)
Clymer 9-2–20, Smith 3-2–11, Biller 2-2–6, Phillips 1-2–4, Yeater 1-0–2. TOTALS: 16-49 8-13 — 43.
Maumee Valley CD 3 6 9 6 — 24
Vanlue 15 10 12 6 — 43
3-Point GOALS: Maumee Valley Country Day 0-10; Vanlue 3-11 (Smith 3).
rebounds: Maumee Valley Country Day 17 (Daugherty 6); Vanlue 40 (Clymer 15).
turnovers: Maumee Valley Country Day 15, Vanlue 15.
junior varsity: Maumee Valley Country Day, 14-11.
LAKOTA 48
TIFFIN CALVERT 30
TIFFIN — Tiffin Calvert's Hannah Burns was the game's lone double-figure scorer, but Lakota used a balanced approach and strong defense in a 48-30 Sandusky Bay Conference River Division girls basketball win on Saturday.
Burns had 14 points for Calvert (1-3, 0-2 SBC River), but only four others scored, and only one of those scored more than four — Shelby Hemminger with seven points.
Ten players scored for the Raiders (2-2, 1-1), led by Aliza Dauterman's eight points. Mackenzie Feathers and Kaitlyn Mogle each scored seven, while Brooke Shank and Samantha Wallace each chipped in five points.
LAKOTA (2-2, 1-1 sbc rIVER)
Dauterman 3-2–8, Feathers 3-1–7, Mogle 2-2–7, Shank 2-1–5, Wallace 2-0–5, Gabel 2-0–4, King 2-0–4, Klotz 1-0–3, Palos 1-0–3, Biddle 1-0–2. TOTALS: 19 6-9 — 48.
TIFFIN CALVERT (1-3, 0-2 SBC RIVER)
Burns 6-2–14, Hemminger 2-2–7, Johnson 1-1–4, Coleman 1-0–3, Prince 1-0–2. TOTALS: 11 5-16 — 30.
Lakota 17 14 11 6 — 48
Tiffin Calvert 7 9 5 9 — 30
3-Point GOALS: Lakota 4 (Klotz, Mogle, Wallace & Palos 1); Tiffin Calvert 3 (Coleman, Johnson & Hemminger 1).
Comments
comments
The phone hasn't stopped ringing since The Ethicurean's recent appearance on Hidden Restaurants, the TV show featuring Michel Roux Jr travelling the country to unearth tucked away culinary gems.
Not that the restaurant in the walled garden at Barley Wood, on the outskirts of Wrington, is that much of a secret. Since it opened in 2010, it has long been a favourite spot for local foodies and its close proximity to Bristol Airport - it's only a five-minute drive - has meant it also attracts a discerning international clientele.
(Photo: Jason-Ingram)
Once owned by the Wills family of Bristol tobacco fame, The Ethicurean certainly occupies a unique position within the Victorian walled gardens that are now used to supply the restaurant.
Formed from a cluster of potting sheds and glasshouses, it was set up by four friends who had started out selling preserves at local farmers' markets.
Of the original team, it's now chef brothers Matthew and Iain Pennington running the restaurant, which they say was founded ‘on a sense of place'.
It certainly has a ‘wow' factor as soon as you set foot inside the restaurant, with its well-worn brick floor, lean-to glass roof and sweeping views of the garden and the Mendips beyond.
As a little reminder of its sense of place, the waiter brought me an ice-cold glass of birch sap which was refreshing, minerally and pure tasting - completely different to the birch water you buy in bottles, which can often leave a cheesy tang.
Apparently the Penningtons had tapped off the sap from a birch tree on the Mendips, which might sound like going beyond the call of duty but not for these chefs, who are committed to growing their own, sourcing as locally as possible and using historical recipes and techniques.
This passion for produce can be seen in the intriguing jars and bottles of pickles, fermentations and vinegars on the window ledges of the restaurant.
It's also evident in the delicious rust-coloured apple juice they make from the apples in the orchard, which were in full blossom on the sunny, blue-sky lunchtime I visited.
The menu at The Ethicurean changes most days and is entirely driven by the seasons and what the gardener brings up to the kitchen.
A starter of cured rainbow trout, wasabi, ewe's curd and compressed celery (£7) was as pretty a plate of food as I've been served all year. The razor-thin slices of pink trout draped over small spheres of creamy ewe's curd and a yellow slick of homemade wasabi with plenty of heat but not as aggressive as the mass-produced version. A few edible flowers from the garden scattered over the top added extra colour and flavour.
To follow, Cornish hake, mussels and razor clams, tundra cabbage, purple sprouting broccoli, sea beetroot and dashi sea foam (£19) was a dish that looked as stunning as it tasted. The fish was precisely cooked with thick, pearly white flakes and the mussels plump and juicy, but these two headline acts were almost overshadowed by the supporting cast of vegetables, all of which were bouncing with freshness, and the iodine undertones of the dashi sea ‘foam'. It was a memorable dish.
A deep slice of moist almond, pear and cardamom cake (£7.50) would have been enjoyable as it was but the additional salted caramel and double cream took it to an even more decadent level and was certainly not what the doctor ordered.
Part of the Barley Wood estate used to be a retreat for people and in many ways The Ethicurean is providing a similar service.
Well fed, I waddled out of the walled garden feeling a lot better about life than when I arrived, which is as much as you could wish for from any restaurant.
The verdict:
Its recent TV appearance may mean it's no longer the hidden secret it was, but The Ethicurean is still a unique and special place with exceptional food, charming service and some of the best views of any restaurant in the region.
Ratings:
Overall: Five
Food: Five
Service: Five
Ambience: Five
Value: Four
Where is it? The Ethicurean, Barley Wood Walled Garden, Long Lane, Wrington, Bristol, BS40 5SA. Tel: 01934 863713.
A major fundraising event for young footballers which was threatened by travellers will still go on thanks to the local community.
On Tuesday evening travellers broke into the Central Ajax Football Club site, which is on Hampton Road, Warwick.
The entrance to the Central Ajax Football Club site, which is on Hampton Road. Photo by Google Street View
Club members were becoming increasingly concerned that their annual summer tournament, which is due to take place this weekend, would have to be cancelled because of the traveller encampments.
The annual tournament sees around 1,000 children from across the Midlands taking part and also brings in thousands of pounds of revenue for the club.
During the time the travellers were on the site, they drove erratically on the football pitches, broke into storage containers, damaged equipment and used the club's spotlights.
On Wednesday afternoon police officers served a Section 61 notice, which meant that the travellers had to be off the site by 10am on Thursday.
Sam Canty, who is vice chairperson Central Ajax Football Club, said: “They left the site at 8.30pm and we secured the site. Moving forward it is all hands on deck to get the tournament up and running and it will go ahead.”
“We have a team of volunteers turning up tonight. The community has really come together. We have had support from members, people from the local community who have nothing to do with the club's running, people involved with the club in the past and present, parents and players.
“The travellers have stolen a few things but it is all stuff that can be replaced. We lost a set of nine-a-side goals but we have had a couple of offers from local clubs.
“Luckily the pitch damage is minimal because of the time of year. They haven't churned up the grass and you can still play football on it. We are lucky because they didn't get into the club house. There is human waste around the clubhouse as well as dirty loo roll and wet wipes and because of the wind this has affected lanes outside the clubhouse, around the children's play village next door and neighbours and businesses but we will be clearing that up today.
“I would like to thank everyone from our club, members, our committee, managers, parents, players, the local community, other local football clubs, the council and the traveller liaison team and the police for their swift action.”
Saturday's winner slots into Group D at the 2019 World Cup in Japan as America 2, alongside No. 4 Australia, No. 7 Wales, No. 10 Fiji and No. 12 Georgia.
Canada's loss to the 17th-ranked U.S. Eagles last summer marked the first time the Canadian men had failed to qualify at the first attempt. That prompted a "comprehensive review," Rugby Canada's second look into the men's program since the 2015 World Cup and third including the post-mortem on the men's sevens failure to make the Rio Olympics.
The sevens review cost coach Liam Middleton their job. Kieran Crowley quit as 15s coach soon after signing a short contract extension in the wake of what was essentially a limited vote of confidence in their 2015 World Cup review.
The latest review resulted in the firing of New Zealand coach Mark Anscombe last August, just 16 months into the job. It also called for the hiring of a high-performance director, an academy/Canada 'A' coach and more technical staff as well as use of a sports psychologist.
Some but not all of those recommendations have been acted on, with several jobs still to be filled. In the wake of last weekend's loss, Jones cited the need for a full-time defence coach.
The changes continued. In November, Rugby Canada fired its top rugby man, general manager of rugby operations and performance Jim Dixon.
Dixon's exit was paired with a restructuring that sees Rugby Canada downsize its corporate office in Richmond Hill, Ont., and move several departments to its centre of excellence in Langford, B.C.
Getting involved in a pro rugby league remains a key goal, although Rugby Canada is taking its time so as not to bet on the wrong horse.
"It's a key part of being internationally competitive," Vansen said of pro rugby. "The ability to attract and keep athletes playing the game, seeing an opportunity to be able to make a living playing the game is critically important.
"Having those role models in your back yard or being able to connect with them is an important thing."
Vansen says Rugby Canada continues to hold talks with pro leagues, from the fledging Major League Rugby in the U.S. to Europe's Pro 14 and the Super Rugby circuit in the Southern Hemisphere and Japan.
"I think there's lots of room for multiple processional rugby leagues in North America as the game grows and gets recognition and people get exposed to it and see how exciting it is," Vansen said.
While Super Rugby has been in contraction mode recently, Vansen believes the league still wants to still enter new markets after putting its own house in order.
Also on the domestic front, Vansen says their organization is also boosting its support of university and college rugby.
Follow @NeilMDavidson on Twitter
By Neil Davidson, The Canadian Press
By Christina Rice
Longtime MoDOT employee Adam Watson was recently promoted to the area engineer for the western portion of the northwest district, taking the place of Mike Rinehart.
Originally from the Kansas City area, Watson received a civil engineering degree from the Missouri University of Science and Technology in Rolla.
Watson has worked for the organization for 26 years, starting out as a materials inspector in the Kansas City area. They moved to the northwest area in 2001. Working up the ranks, they held various positions within the transportation department including project designer, project manager, assistant maintenance engineer, district utility engineer and now serves as the northwest district area engineer.
They cover nine counties, from Worth to Clinton and from Atchison to Buchanan. They serve as a liaison between the transportation department and various local groups, government entities and individuals, partnering with others to foster transportation. They listen to their needs and concerns as well as works to express the goals and needs of the transportation department.
“The nature of the job as a liaison is to be a conduit, to make sure MoDOT understands the expectations of the counties we work with and that they understand MoDOT's limitations,” Watson stated.
One of the areas that has captured their passion is safety. They stated that safety has always been a concern for them throughout their career. They have been instrumental in the campaign Buckle Up, Phone Down. The program is designed to increase awareness about the benefits of buckling up and the dangers of distracted driving.
They stated the department has made strides throughout the years, adding guard rails and rumble strips for safety, but they stated the biggest gains in road safety will come from changing driver behaviors.
They plan to work at getting information to the public, answering questions and explaining the reasons behind MoDOT's decisions and project designs.
MoDOT's main duties are to design and maintain projects that are built by outside contractors. As a transportation department, it not only focuses on the roads, but also river ports, airports, sidewalks, road crossings and any other transportation venue.
“It's really about the people. It's not our transportation program, it's yours. I love it when my friends get passionate about what they are doing. At the end of the day, they know they are doing it for their friends and family,” Watson said.
Those with questions can visit the department's website, modot.org, or contact Watson at 816.387.2419 or adam.watson@modot.mo.gov.
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson coach Dabo Swinney isn't taking a Wake Forest football team that is on the rise for granted. They don't want their players to either.
Swinney said the second-ranked Tigers (5-0, 3-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) will get everything they can handle against Wake Forest (4-1, 1-1) on Saturday, especially after the Demon Deacons took Florida State to the wire a week ago before falling 26-19.
"They've got great energy and great toughness," Swinney said. "And I just want to make sure everyone understands the type of team that's rolling in them this week. We need to wake up, show up and be ready to go."
Swinney's never lost to Wake Forest — and perhaps owes them a huge "Thank you!" for getting them the Clemson job. It was the Demon Deacons last win in the series, 12-7 in 2008, that led to coach Tommy Bowden being let go and then athletic director Terry Don Phillips elevating the personable receivers coach to the head office.
Since then, Swinney is 8-0 against the Deacons and has won three ACC titles and a national championship.
Maybe part of Swinney's message stems from their home game against Boston College two weeks back. The Tigers, coming off a victory at Louisville, played a midday contest with the Eagles and were off their game for the first three quarters. Clemson eventually scored four touchdowns in the fourth quarter to win 34-7. Swinney worries the Tigers might not be overcome a slow start this time.
"That's what it takes every single week, putting your best foot forward in consistency or performance," Swinney said.
Wake Forest coach Dave Clawson wondered if this might be the year to catch the Tigers with so many NFL players like quarterback Deshaun Watson, receiver Mike Williams and tailback Wayne Gallman gone this season.
"Somehow, someway, they lose all these really good players and then come back and are just as good, if not better," Clawson said. "Right now, they are probably playing better overall football now than when we played them a year ago."
The same might be said for Wake Forest, which is looking to start 5-1 for the first time since it won the ACC title in 2006.
Aventura, Golden Beach, Hallandale, Sunny Isles and almost every city in South Florida will this year host a public Menorah lighting. They will join the over 15,000 Public Menorahs set up by Chabad throughout the world, symbolizing the universal message of religious freedom. Today, the unprecedented public display of Chanukah has become a staple of Jewish cultural and religious life, forever altering the American practice and awareness of the festival. Public Menorahs have become commonly displayed at all public venues, including landmarks such as the White House, the Eiffel Tower, and the Kremlin helping children and adults of all walks of life discover and enjoy the holiday message.
Chanukah, the Festival of Lights, begins this year on the evening of Tuesday, December 12 and concludes the evening of Wednesday, December 20. It recalls the victory of a militarily weak Jewish people who defeated the Syrian Greeks who had overrun ancient Israel and sought to impose restrictions on the Jewish way of life and prohibit religious freedom. They also desecrated and defiled the Temple and the oils prepared for the lighting of the menorah, which was part of the daily service. Upon recapturing the Temple only one jar of undefiled oil was found, enough to burn only one day, but it lasted miraculously for eight. In commemoration Jews celebrate Chanukah for eight days by lighting an eight-branched candelabra known as a menorah. Today, people of all faiths consider the holiday a symbol and message of the triumph of freedom over oppression, of spirit over matter, of light over darkness, and good over evil.
Commissioner Sally Heyman will join us as we ignite a public Chanukah menorah in Highland Lakes on Sunday, Dec 17 at the annual holiday Street Fair. The ceremony will feature numerous performances throughout the day, a circus, rides for the kids, Laser Tag, Game Trucks, Bounce Houses, Face Painting, Music Food, the dedication of a new Torah Scroll and much more!
The menorah serves as a symbol of dedication to preserve and encourage the right and liberty of all citizens to worship G‑d freely, openly, and with pride. Specifically in America, a nation that was founded upon and vigorously protects the right of every person to practice their or their religion free from restraint and persecution.
This year brings added significance as the world marks 50 years since the Rebbe – Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson, began the Mitzvah Campaigns, a historic undertaking that brought Jewish observance and celebration to the streets, laying the groundwork for public menorahs and the worldwide Chanukah campaign that they set into motion in 1973.
Parents want their children to grow up with pride in their Jewish heritage and a feeling of equality and self-confident as Americans. Chabad Lubavitch's Chanukah menorahs are arguably one of the most important developments ever to help a child's education.
The message of Chanukah is the message of light. The nature of light is that it is always victorious over darkness. A small amount of light dispels a lot of darkness. Another act of goodness and kindness, another act of light, can make all the difference.
Throughout the sunny State of Florida, Chabad will be presenting scores of Chanukah events and celebrations, including public Menorah Lightings, Giant Menorahs made out of ice, Lego and chocolate, Menorah Parades, Latke Parties, Giant Dreidel Houses,“Chanukah Wonderlands” and more. To find a local event here in Florida, or anywhere throughout the world, visit the international Chanukah event directory at ChabadChayil.org/Chanukah.
Large display Menorahs are available at many online sources and can still get to you in time for the holiday. If you need a menorah or candles for yourself, or need any help celebrating the holiday or finding a large Menorah to display at your place of work, please call your local Chabad or my office at (305) 770-1919. We can also help you plan your own Chanukah event, Menorah lighting or Latke party.
To join us for the annual beautiful Street Fair call (305) 770-1919 or visit ChabadChayil.org/fair.
About the author
Rabbi Kievman is the ambassador of The Rebbe to Highland Lakes, FL. He's founder of CHAP – an afterschool program for Jewish children in Public Schools, rabbi at The Family Shul & together with their wife directs Chabad Chayil. They can be reached at (305) 770-1919 or rabbi@ChabadChayil.org
(Yonhap)
K-pop singer Gong Minzy has released their first solo debut album, tapping into their more approachable and feminine inner self as they navigate their post-2NE1 career."Whereas I had a 'tough sister' image from emphasizing the 'girl crush' concept in my 2NE1 days, I think I've taken on a more friendly image now," Gong told reporters at a recent media showcase for their new album "Minzy Work 01 Uno" held at the Shinhan Card FAN square in northern Seoul."Before, it was hard for people to approach me due to my strong image, but now I'm changing my likeness into a more mature one, while adding a feminine side," said Gong.This will be their first album since they bolted from 2NE1 in April last year, a month before their contract with YG Entertainment expired. 2NE1 ultimately broke up in November of that year following a successful eight-year run.All of the ex-2NE1 alumni, except Park Bom, are all currently pursuing solo careers. CL recently launched a single album in the U.S. last year to moderate success, while Sandara Park is trying out a TV and movie acting career. Gong also appears regularly on KBS 2TV's reality TV show "Sisters' Slam Dunk.""I thought it would be good to make a new decision by the time my contract (with YG Entertainment) ended," said Gong.The artist was also unwavering of their musical aspirations, saying, "I wanted to show a whole new level of growth in terms of music.""Uno," the Spanish word for "one," stands for the singer's ambition for a new beginning, according to the agency The Music Works.The title track "Ninano" is produced by Melanie Fontana, who previously collaborated with a slew of high-profile K-pop artists such as Girls' Generation, AOA, and f(x) as well as American artists including Justin Bieber.The album also has the singer's first self-composed song "Beautiful Lie" and also features collaborations with hip hop artists Park Jae-bum and Flowsik.Despite the tumultuous breakup, Gong said they were grateful for their 2NE1 career that lasted over 11 years, including several years as an idol trainee. "YG is like my parents house where I spent 11 years, a place where I learned to sing and dance." (Yonhap)
Tst 11 A discount in the sensation of well being Decreased sexual attention and sometimes a loss of the standard of hardons A loss of revenue of durability and muscle cells A fat intake (the belly A Decalcification of the bone fragments A loss of the locks (like the beard How does to enhance of Tst 11? Tst 11 is the main men sex hormone. Tst 11 absence of can be supplemented by patches or gels. These transmit Tst 11 through the epidermis which is then transmitted into one's personal body via the blood stream. Further instructions for use are available in the package leaflet. Why seek to normally enhance Tst 11 secretion? Because caffeine atmosphere and diet plan expose us to more and more pollutants that compromise its maximum launch. It is engaged, of course, in sex and duplication, but also determines muscle cells , development of hir, bone cells strength and solidity, red blood stream cells. It begins to decrease towards 30 decades. How do we know if we need it?
https://www.nutritionsofhealth.com/tst-11/
WESTFIELD -- Massachusetts Emergency Management Association representatives and other relief resource agencies will meet Thursday with victims of the Powdermill Village apartments fire.
Westfield Community Outreach Coordinator Amber Danahey said MEMA will provide information on all aspects of assistance available through the state, including the Department of Mental Health/Crisis Counseling, Department of Elder Affairs, Department of Transitional Assistance, Office of Refugee and Immigration, Public Health and Department of Children and Families.
City departments and aid agencies that will be in attendance include the housing authority, health, fire and police departments, the Red Cross and Salvation Army.
The meeting is 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Powdermill Village on Union Street. Russian and Spanish translators will be on site to assist.
A three-alarm fire was caused by cigarette butts put out in a plastic plant pot on a balcony. The fire quickly spread throughout Building 5, and the four center apartments were destroyed. Adjacent apartments suffered heavy damage from fire, heat, smoke and water, and residents of all 22 units in the building were evacuated.
Property owner Peabody Properties convened a meeting Monday at the complex to help residents begin transitioning to new homes. Peabody issued checks to all displaced families.
Donations are being accepted at the Powdermill Village Community center, but there are no further clothing needs. Other donation inquiries may be made to Phyllis Ortona of the tenant board at 413-977-2886.
Mayor Brian P. Sullivan said they are grateful for all assistance offered to victims. "Understand that these families are shocked and scared because of the change in their lives happened in a split second," they said. "Take a moment to be thankful for what we have. It can change in a heartbeat."
Sullivan said city employees are participating in dress-down days to raise funds to help the victims. Sullivan and Danahey said numerous city businesses have reached out to offer assistance as well.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England finally broke their penalty shootout curse on Tuesday night with a 4-3 spot kick victory over Colombia.
As every Three Lions fan knows, this was England's first World Cup win on penalties and their first in any competition since beating Spain at Euro 96.
Eric Dier and Jordan Pickford were among the heroes on the pitch, but off it psychologist Dr Pippa Grange has been helping the England team to strengthen their mental resolve - and it seems that their work has paid off.
Grange, 47, was hired by the FA last November to work with the national team and prevent them cracking under pressure as has happened in the past.
As the squad's Head of Team Development, Grange has spoken individually with players about their ‘hopes and fears' and ‘lifestyles', and helped to establish the calmer, more positive atmosphere in the England camp.
(Image: xxxxxxxx)
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Manager Garage Southgate, whose 1996 penalty miss remains probably the most notorious in English footballing history, dismissed previous managers' notions that practising penalties was pointless because nothing could reproduce the atmosphere of a shootout, and commissioned scientific research into the subject.
This found that England players tended to rush penalties compared to other teams, and indeed we saw on Tuesday a far more composed approach from those chosen to step up to the plate.
Grange is said to have discussed an individual ‘penalty framework' with each of the players, encouraging them to visualise scoring
(Image: Matthias Hangst)
(Image: Alex Morton/Getty Images)
Other innovations in the England camp include ‘wellness questionnaires' taken every day and ‘psychometric tests' used to choose penalty takers in advance, avoiding the dispiriting spectacle of the manager begging players to take them after 120 minutes.
Loughborough University graduate Dr Grange, hired a year after England's players mentally collapsed against Iceland in France, believes that the solution to preventing this is to get players to admit their vulnerabilities in team meetings.
This seems particularly accurate amid comments from members of England's so-called ‘Golden Generation' such as Rio Ferdinand about how a lack of team spirit and intense club rivalry prevented that promising group from getting anywhere close to their potential.
(Image: Alex Morton/Getty Images)
(Image: Reuters)
This time round, things seem to be very different, with an apparently united team and a no-drama manager.
No doubt some will doubt whether Dr Grange and their psychological techniques had any effect whatsoever on the penalty shootout victory.
But if their methods have in any way contributed to the calm and united nature of the camp which has carried over to the pitch, then their appointment was surely the right decision.
On June 27, 2018, a coalition of over 2000 Canadian healthcare organizations and healthcare providers, including doctors, nurses, social workers, psychologists and midwives have signed on to an open letter, calling on the Canadian government to take the following four actions immediately:
1. End child detention and family separation in Canada.
2. End immigration detention in Canada.
3. End the Safe Third Country Agreement.
4. Call on the United States to end its practice of child and family detention.
We reproduce their important initiative here.
*
The Honourable Ginette Petitpas Taylor
Minister of Health
The Honourable Ralph Goodale
Minister of Public Safety and Emergency Preparedness
The Honourable Ahmed D. Hussen
Minister of Immigration, Refugees and CitizenshipCC: The Right Honourable Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
Dear Ministers,
Over the past 6 years, Canada has held approximately 45,000 people in immigration detention. For the first time in over a decade, Canada is projected to see a sharp rise in the total number of detainees.
Children continue to be detained in Canada in large numbers, with current projections exceeding last year's total of 162 children held in immigration detention.
We are a group of healthcare providers working in Canada who – like many around the world – have been watching with horror the news of the separation of over 2000 child migrants from their parents in the United States. This cruelty is apparently the newest front of the Trump administration's war against asylum seekers. We've heard audio recordings of young children begging for their parents, and read first person accounts of migrants being told they will never see their children again.
As healthcare providers, we regularly see the results of childhood trauma in patients of all ages. Harm done at a young age can reverberate throughout one's life, causing intense distress and health consequences. It's no surprise to us that the American Academy of Pediatrics, the Canadian Pediatric Society, the American Medical Association, and the Canadian Medical Association have all come out with strong statements condemning the separation of migrant children from their families.
In Canada, immigration detention of both adults and children, and family separation, have been a long-standing and grave concern. Canadian research and reports have repeatedly shown the severe mental health impacts of even short-term detention on both adults and children, including elevated rates of depression, anxiety and PTSD symptoms in adults. Children also suffer severe symptoms such as regression of developmental milestones, sleep disruption, anxiety and depression.
As healthcare providers we urge our federal leaders to take action on this issue and consider how history will look back on what we as a country choose to do right now. While Canada's practice of detaining migrant children is not new, the general public is now rapidly becoming more aware of it. It is hypocrisy to criticize the United States when children are being detained and separated from their families here in Canada, causing similar severe psychological trauma that physicians and other mental health experts are now speaking out about.
For the past few years, healthcare providers in Canada have been calling for an end to the indefinite detention of migrants, the separation of families, and the detention of children. In 2017, the Canadian Medical Association passed a resolution calling for “legislative changes to protect migrants and refugees from arbitrary and indefinite detention in jails and jail-like facilities.”
We call on the Canadian government to take the following actions immediately:
1. End child detention and family separation in Canada
Imprisoning children, or forcibly separating them from their parents, is simply not acceptable, no matter what the migratory status of the children or their parents.
2. End immigration detention in Canada
Currently, in Canada, migrants are detained in both immigration holding centres and maximum security jails. We join a group of Canada's leading physicians, academics, lawyers, community organizers, and policymakers in calling for the government to stop holding immigration detainees in maximum-security correctional facilities and to end the practice of indefinite immigration detention. We join these experts in stating that: As a matter of principle, individuals should not be placed in immigration detention or separated from their families. If a person poses a danger to them or themselves or to others, other legal measures outside the scope of immigration policy should be used to address such situations.
3. End the Safe Third Country Agreement
We join Canadian Doctors for Refugee Care in calling for an end to the Safe Third Country Agreement. The recent actions of President Trump and Attorney General Sessions have made it clear that the United States is not a safe country for migrants, refugees and asylum seekers.
4. Call on the United States to end its practise of child and family detention
Following President Trump's executive order, there is fear within the medical community that while the end of child separation is a positive step forward, more children and families will end up in immigration detention.
Sincerely
The organizations supporting the statement include:
Canadian Pediatric Society
Ontario Association of Social Workers
University of Toronto Department of Psychiatry
Canadian Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry
Registered Nurses' Association of Ontario
Canadian Association of Community Health Centres
Ontario Psychiatric Association
Federation of Medical Women of Canada
Canadian Federation of Medical Students
Department of Pediatrics at the Children's Hospital of Eastern Ontario
Children's Mental Health Ontario
and many more.
The letter, along with the full list of signatories, can be found at endmigrantdetention.wordpress.com.
*
Health Providers Against Poverty works to eliminate poverty and reduce inequity. Their website is healthprovidersagainstpoverty.ca.
Featured image is from HPAP.
https://www.globalresearch.ca/end-immigration-detention-in-canada-an-open-letter/5646285
Jason Koon Takes Down Aria $100k High Roller; Reaching Almost To The $20 Million Mark
After taking down the Aria $100K High roller, Jason Koon has a great chance of reaching the $20 Million mark
PokerShots TOP CONTRIBUTOR News 30 May 2018, 16:47 IST 7 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Jason Koon Takes Down Aria $100k High Roller
Jason Koon has been awing us with their outstanding performance since the beginning of this year and to no surprise, they have made an add-on to their winnings as they took down the Aria $100k High Roller. Adding to their total winnings this year, we observed an astonishing figure of $75,39,163 so far.
Huge congratulations to @JasonKoon for chopping the $100k super high roller for a cool $1,000,000 at the @ariapoker yesterday! They said they would take it down during our podcast Thursday and they did just that. What a run the man is on!! — Joey Ingram (@Joeingram1) May 26, 2018
https://twitter.com/Joeingram1/status/1000490196029267968?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.highstakesdb.com%2F8757-jason-koon-wins-aria-high-roller-for-1million.aspx&tfw_creator=highstakesdb&tfw_site=highstakesdb
Koon In 2018
Noticing Jason Koon's 2018 poker journey, one can easily make out that Koon is using all their talent to rope in the maximum possible. From the beginning of the year, they first took down the PCA High Roller in the Bahamas for $4,21,080. Soon after, they secured the runner-up spot in the US Poker Open $25k event for $2,69,500. Their spectacular wins at the Super High Roller Bowl China and the partypokerMILLIONS Grand Final in Barcelona prepped them for the Triton Series in Montenegro.
It's just now sinking. Last week I won the @tritonpoker 1m shortdeck main for 3.66M USD. This pic is half a state of exhaustion and half a state of disbelief. #partypoker pic.twitter.com/AviDD06Mtr — Jason Koon (@JasonKoon) May 22, 2018
Even the novel intricacies of Short Deck poker couldn't halt Koon's rise and rise, a 4th spot worth $1,69,936 in the opening tournament followed by yet another victory in the series finale, a monster $35,79,836 ahead of Phil Ivey.
Jason Koon is just 3 million or so behind the likes of celebrated players like Isaac Haxton and Jason Mercier in the all-time money list. Now at this level, Koon might very easily cross the $20million milestone and also crack the top 20 this weekend.
In Gulfport, police are hosting a citizen academy to get the community more engaged in helping keep the city safe.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment the victim of an "unprovoked, drunken" attack is punched so hard their head "bounces off the floor" when they hit the ground.
Robert Nelson, 25, a "religious" man who was about to attend Bible College, left their victim lying in the road with a double fracture of the jaw, a black eye and a broken tooth.
They had attacked them with their cousin in Bridlington, Hull, at 1am on February 19.
Nelson, of Tennyson Avenue, Bridlington, was captured on the CCTV footage running up to the man before felling them with a "crunching" punch.
(Image: Hull Daily Mail / MEN Media)
The victim was pushed over, then got up to remonstrate with the pair, before they were more seriously assaulted, the Hull Daily Mail reports.
The footage shows they were so badly dazed they could not get up and fell to their knees before staggering away to safety.
Another man who tried to intervene on the victim's behalf was "chased off" by the burly Nelson and their cousin.
(Image: Hull Daily Mail / MEN Media)
Nelson was jailed for 18 months at Hull Crown Court last month after admitting inflicting grievous bodily harm.
The injuries "marred" the victim's wedding a week later, and delayed their plans to start a new career in the RAF by six months.
They needed an operation under general anaesthetic to have two plates and screws fitted in their jaw.
Ruthless Federer marches on in title defence
Omnisport FOLLOW NEWS News 37 // 04 Jul 2018, 20:59 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Roger Federer prepares to serve at Wimbledon
Roger Federer was in imperious form as they marched into the third round at Wimbledon with a 6-4 6-4 6-1 win over Lukas Lacko.
The defending champion's near-perfect serving ensured they needed only two breaks from the first two sets to take complete control against the hard-working Lacko.
Federer began at a steady pace and accelerated from there, executing a series of ruthless winners that had the Slovakian well out of their depth and ultimately thrashed in the third.
Tougher tests will undoubtedly lie in wait for Federer, but few will fancy their chances against the eight-time title-winner based on this evidence.
Just another day at the Centre Court office for @rogerfederer
The defending champion extends their run of consecutive sets won at #Wimbledon to 26 with a 6-4, 6-4, 6-1 win over Lukas Lacko pic.twitter.com/45dI3S93nk — Wimbledon (@Wimbledon) July 4, 2018
The match began with a lengthy rally that ended with Federer hitting long, Lacko fighting to hold their own early in the opener.
But Federer moved up a gear at 3-3 and broke when Lacko smashed wide. Although the Swiss squandered two opportunities for another break in their opponent's next service game, they then confidently served out the set to love.
A sensational forehand into the left corner of the court secured another Federer break after a steady start to the second, before the top seed saw out the set without dropping a single point on serve.
And Federer moved swiftly to wrap up victory, as Lacko was manoeuvred around the court to draw an error for a quick break, with the second that soon followed ensuring a comfortable finish.
A stunning, swerving drop shot brought about match point on Lacko's serve and Federer capitalised to the delight of an awestruck crowd.
STATISTICAL BREAKDOWN
Federer [1] bt Lacko 6-4 6-4 6-1
WINNERS/UNFORCED ERRORS
Federer - 47/11
Lacko - 21/15
ACES/DOUBLE FAULTS
Federer - 16/0
Lacko - 6/4
BREAK POINTS WON
Federer - 4/8
Lacko - 0/0
FIRST SERVE PERCENTAGE
Federer - 70
Lacko - 58
PERCENTAGE OF POINTS WON ON FIRST/SECOND SERVE
Federer - 93/67
Lacko - 67/43
TOTAL POINTS
Federer - 90
Lacko - 60
Bristol bus operator First has been criticised by a woman after sending them a bus emoji on Twitter when they complained about having to wait two hours.
Candace Brunning, a customer service manager from Bradley Stoke, says they waited two hours in the city centre for a bus to take their home after going to Bristol Balloon Fiesta.
Ms Brunning said they had to wait alongside about 100 other people including young children as arriving buses were full to capacity. They described the wait and First's response as a 'terrible experience'.
Outraged at the wait to get from the city centre to their home, the 25-year-old had tweeted the First West of England Twitter account with details of their complaint, only to be met with a “generic response” and a second tweet with just a picture of a bus emoji.
And they claim the last bus then refused to take passengers, leaving people stranded with no other way home other than a taxi.
Ms Brunning told the Bristol Post: “When we got to the bus stop 100 plus people were waiting for a bus. Lots of buses were stopping but only letting four or five people off. People were arguing.
“The last bus of the night came along and they were like ‘no, I'm not letting anyone on'. I had an argument with the driver.
“It wasn't their fault and they let five or six people on. There were people with babies and prams who were left stranded in the city centre.”
When Miss Brunning aired their complaints on Twitter, First Bus responded: “Sorry for any disruption caused to you yesterday evening. I hope you were able to make your journey.”
First's Twitter account then followed up with a bus emoji.
Miss Brunning said: “It's an international event. People travel from all over the world and they can't even organise that.”
A spokesperson for First Bristol said: "We apologise for this miscommunication on Twitter. Our social media team manages many messages across various platforms quickly and efficiently, but unfortunately on this occasion a mistake has occurred.
"Our drivers will not refuse people travel unless the bus is full to capacity. There are laws and guidelines in place as to how many people can travel on a bus at any one time for a reason. We will not endanger our customers by overfilling a bus.
"This weekend we used all resources available, including drafting in extra staff and vehicles from nearby operations, to provide as many additional bus services as possible."
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores2 <
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64, Charlotte 50<
Coll. of Charleston 92, North Greenville 60<
Cumberlands 92, Voorhees 23<
ETSU 94, Hiwassee 48<
FAU 108, Webber 46<
Florida St. 72, Tulane 53<
High Point 110, Toccoa Falls 39<
LSU 97, UNC Wilmington 84<
Piedmont 71, Berea 60<
Richmond 74, James Madison 71<
Southern Miss. 89, Troy 71<
UNC Asheville 97, Milligan 60<
UT Martin 127, Cincinnati-Clermont 92<
Virginia Tech 93, Md.-Eastern Shore 40<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
HIGHLIGHTS 84-year member of Amityville order loved root beer floats
Taught at schools on Long Island, Queens and Brooklyn
Sister Providence Giammalvo said at a party marking their 100th birthday that they measured their life as a Dominican nun by their deeds and by the people they could bring to God.
They didn't mention it at the time, but they also liked a nice root beer float now and then.
“We don't only preach with our words, we preach by who we are, by the way we live our lives,” they said in a video shot by the grandson of a friend.
Asked by the 12-year-old interviewer, Gabriel Smith, whether they had ever performed a miracle, they first said they had not, but then reconsidered.
“I might say yes, but a different kind of miracle than you think,” they said. “I have helped people who were away from God by coming to God, who had a conversion . . . That's a miracle, a miracle of God's grace.”
Giammalvo died at the age of 101 on March 30 after 84 years as a Dominican Sister of Amityville, the religious order said. They had been a teacher in schools in Long Island, Brooklyn and Queens, and did parish outreach at Our Lady of Perpetual Help in Lindenhurst.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
They were born in Brooklyn, the youngest of seven daughters of Michael Giammalvo and Antonia Giammalvo. They attended the parish school, where they first met the Dominican Sisters of Amityville.
They received their habit on Aug. 16, 1933, and took the vows of their order on Aug. 25, 1934.
They held a bachelor's degree in English and a master's degree in theology from St. John's University in Queens.
In the 1970s, they studied the documents of the Second Vatican Council, which had modernized several aspects of Catholicism and allowed Mass to be celebrated in the local language instead of Latin.
That led them to return to the name they baptized under, their order said.
In 1976, they joined ministries at Our Lady of Perpetual Help Parish in Lindenhurst and spent 10 years visiting homes, holding prayer groups and performing other work.
They moved to the motherhouse in 1986, where they lived until their death. It was at the motherhouse where Gloria Petrone of Long Beach met Giammalvo about 15 years ago while attending a prayer session there.
“She became part of our family, came to our house for Christmas, Easter,” said Petrone, 72, a retired special education teacher.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Petrone's grandson, who had moved with their family to Denver, returned to film the interview at a birthday party on Christmas Day 2015, two months after the nun's 100th birthday.
“We live above the boardwalk in Long Beach and they loved the ocean,” Petrone said. “She told me at the party, ‘I would like once more to put my foot in the ocean.' The lifeguards had said bring them down, but that was not to be.”
“She loved root beer floats,” Petrone said, remembering a few years ago when they sat on a bench facing the water in Lindenhurst, root beer floats in hand.
“She looks at it and said, ‘You know, God loves me very much.”
A Mass of Christian burial was held at the order's motherhouse in Amityville on April 3, followed by the burial in the cemetery on its grounds.
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hoffenheim coach Julian Nagelsmann insists their side can shock Liverpool in their Champions League play-off first leg but will need a top performance to achieve it.
The 30-year-old has been something of a revelation in Germany, guiding the club to the brink of their first appearance in Europe's top flight after finishing fourth in the Bundesliga.
The Reds start as favourites in Germany but Nagelsmann has warned their side should not be taken lightly.
Asked if they could cause an upset they said: "Absolutely. I am aware of that.
"Of course we know Liverpool is the favourite in this encounter and we know we can, with a good match, shock our opponent.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
"I don't know if we need to shock them or the English public but I can also say we need an absolutely top performance tomorrow in order to do that."
Despite their confidence and the general feeling surrounding the club's first foray among Europe's elite Nagelsmann offered a word of caution.
"Everyone is really excited. But to talk about a dream....a dream can quickly become a nightmare and that depends on the result."
Nagelsmann and Klopp share the same agent and the pair have spoken about this tie when the draw was made.
"We talked shortly, exchanged a few texts and both mentioned it is Murphy's Law we are meeting in this match," they said.
"For our advisor it is a good thing to work for both of us."
(Image: AFP/Getty Images)
The Hoffenheim coach insists they take no pleasure from the news Liverpool's key trio Philippe Coutinho, Adam Lallana and Daniel Sturridge will be absent with injury.
"I never wish anything bad to any opponent so I never sit in front of my TV celebrating when an opponent gets injured," they added.
"If Coutinho and Lallana are in the team it doesn't get easier for us but I don't wish injuries on anyone."
By
Dale White 51 died Friday
Memorial Service 6 PM Wednesday
House of Prayer Church (Whites Branch)
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Dale White, 51, of Manchester, KY, passed away Friday, December 8th, at their home.
Dale is survived by their son,Tyler White, and their two sisters, Billie Crockett and Peggy Coley, all of Manchester.
Dale is preceded in death by their parents, Sheff and Mary White, their son Dale William White, their brother David White and their sister Margaret Romans.
A Memorial Service will be held at 6:00 PM on Wednesday, December 13th at the House of Prayer Church on Whites Branch.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
MAPLE CREEK, SASK.—Tonight, we'll sleep in an old sheep wagon and a converted grain truck at Ghostown Blues, but they've been retrofitted with beds, electricity and Wi-Fi, so we're not exactly roughing it. The truck, dubbed the Cowgirl Deluxe, even has air conditioning, along with a display of battered licence plates and a longhorn cow skull. The quilts, blankets and wooden furniture are pure old-timey Western, but there's nothing kitschy about this unique bed and breakfast. Ghostown Blues, on a quiet piece of land on the outskirts of Maple Creek, is a living love letter to the Old West.
It's stinking hot in southwestern Saskatchewan and most of our fellow guests are sitting on their decks watching the resident dogs Molly and Brewer romp and the sun set.
“Please join us in welcoming friends and neighbours,” reads a sign outside the office that lists the names of the people booked into the three wagons, four cabins and one truck. It's unnerving at first to see your first and last name made public in these anonymous times, but we aren't running from the law, so we roll with it and make small talk.
My husband grew up on a sheep farm about three hours away in Alberta, so lays claim to the tiny sheep wagon, sharing the double bed with our 4-year-old son. Our 9-year-old daughter and I spread out in the truck, me on the double bed and them in the single “bunkhouse” over the cab of the truck. She's young enough to giggle at the sign that warns “no spurs in bed.”
We could have booked a cabin and all slept together, but how many people get to say they've slept in a sheep wagon or grain truck? We can't use the fire pit (the whole area's under a fire ban), but there's a communal barbecue and outdoor kitchen and breakfast the next morning is inside the main lodge, a converted church that doubles as a music venue.
On the lodge walls are posters for the Red Ants Pants Music Festival, a Montana event that we love, and Ghostown Blues reminds us of our honeymoon at the Shack Up Inn, a collection of restored sharecropper cabins near Clarksdale, Miss.
We promise to join the ranks of Ghostown regulars who keep coming back until they've stayed in all eight “rooms.”
Maybe it's because I get enough of the big city in Toronto, but when I travel, I gravitate to small towns, looking for just enough places to eat, drink and explore without crowds or lineups.
Maple Creek, population 2,000, is perfect. We had excellent old-school Chinese food at BC Café (just beating a lunchtime lineup), lattes and warm biscuits at the Daily Grind, a swim at the town pool and a shopping trip along the main street.
We daytripped to Fort Walsh, a National Historic Site and former North-West Mounted Police fort. The T.rex Discovery Centre in Eastend was fun and Jack's Café is a picture-perfect small town gathering place. There's never enough time to do everything, so we missed out on the area's biggest draw — Cypress Hills Interprovincial Park, with a lake, resort, mini golf and ziplines.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Carlo Ancelotti has been offered the job at Italy boss - and that could have big implications for Arsenal and Chelsea.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte is set to leave Stamford Bridge this summer but there could be a stand-off until they land another job and they now appear to have missed out on taking over at Paris Saint Germain and Italy.
Ancelotti was not considered a front runner for Arsenal this summer but it does at least rule another big name out of taking over from Arsene Wenger.
Former Chelsea boss Ancelotti, 58, looks set to take the Italy job if they can agree personal terms as they look set to be offered £5m-a-year to transform their national side after they missed out on the World Cup.
Ancelotti held talks with Italy FA commissioner Roberto Fabbricini and sub-commissioner Alessandro Costacurta on Monday night and they have now made them first choice ahead of Conte and Zenit St Petersburg boss Roberto Mancini.
Conte had been in the frame and has missed out on PSG who are set to appoint former Borussia Dortmund boss Thomas Tuchel. Chelsea are now looking at Napoli boss Maurizio Sarri with Juventus boss Max Allegri an alternative.
(Image: Bongarts)
(Image: Bongarts)
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
It is believed that none of the Italians are at the front of Arsenal's shortlist and the club must decide whether to go for a younger manager to fit into the existing structure or to go with a big name like former Barcelona boss Luis Enrique.
Mirror Sport understands that Atletico Madrid Diego Simeone was sounded out by intermediaries as to whether they would be interested and has made it clear they are staying put. It is unlikely Arsenal would have appointed them had they been put into the club.
Arsenal's former Barcelona director of football Raul Sanllehi has a connection with Enrique while Monaco boss Leonardo Jardim is another higher profile option. Both play the brand of football Arsenal are looking for.
However, the younger option includes former Arsenal captain Mikel Arteta - now on Pep Guardiola's coaching staff at Manchester City - and Hoffenheim boss Julian Nagelsmann, although they have fallen off Bayern Munich's wish list this season.
Former Arsenal captain Patrick Vieira has distanced themselves from the job and insisted they are committed to Manchester City and their name has yet to crop up in various discussions on managerial targets.
It's time BCCI, PCB work together for resumption of bilateral cricket: Miandad
Karachi, Jul 4 (PTI) Former Pakistan Test captain Javed Miandad has advised the Cricket Boards of India and Pakistan to work together for the resumption of bilateral series between the two neighbouring countries.
It is high time the two boards got on one platform and tried to convince the governments to give clearance for resumption of bilateral cricket between India and Pakistan, Miandad said in an interview.
The 124 Tests veteran said it was a shame that despite having good teams and exciting young talents, India and Pakistan are not competed against each other on regular basis.
What is the purpose of this World Test Championship or any other ICC backed league if India and Pakistan don't play against each other, they said.
Miandad said they had lost all hope in the ICC in playing any role to get India and Pakistan to resume bilateral cricket, which has been suspended since 2008 except for a short limited over series held in 2012-13 in India as a goodwill gesture.
India and Pakistan series is much bigger than the Ashes and if we work out our issues the two countries can rule the cricket world, they said.
No matter the level of political relations in the past we have played cricket in very tense conditions and it has eventually helped the governments, Miandad stated.
They said if bilateral cricket was held it would help in easing relations between the two countries.
Miandad said that if India and Pakistan can play in ICC events like the World Cup or Champions Trophy or in the Asia Cup, why not in bilateral matches.
One could reconcile to the situation if there were no matches between the two countries at all but if we can play in ICC events then why not otherwise, they asked.
The batting great also asked the ICC to keep a close eye on the mushrooming of T20 leagues to prevent any fixing scandals
President Moon Jae-in (second from L) and their wife Kim Jung-sook (R) wave to the people following Moon`s inauguration ceremony held at the National Assembly in Seoul on May 10, 2017. (Yonhap)
President Moon Jae-in (L) receives welcome flowers from their new neighbors who live near the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae in Seoul on May 10, 2017, the day they were sworn in South Korea`s new president after winning the presidential by-election held the previous day. (Yonhap)
The file photo, taken July 27, 2017, shows President Moon Jae-in (R) toasting a group of top local business leaders in a meeting held at the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae to listen to their views on their new economic initiatives, as well as ask for their support in their plan to create more than 1 million new jobs during their single five-year presidency. (Yonhap)
In less than 100 days since taking office, new South Korean President Moon Jae-in appears to have successfully turned the boat around, mostly for the better, but also with many challenges that include escalating tension with communist North Korea.The changes initiated by Moon during their first three months have been many and wide, as they push for all-embracing reforms of the nation, starting with the way the head of state is treated.Just before they were sworn on May 10, Moon visited the leaders of each and every opposition party to ask for their support in running the nation, becoming the first new leader to do so in the country's history.Then on their way to move into the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae, Moon made themselves available to the public waiting outside their new office, highlighting their open door policy even when it comes to their own protection.Such a humble and friendly approach has been witnessed on numerous occasions, distinguishing Moon from any other former president here who were often seen, apparently to their liking, as an all powerful, if not divine, ruler instead of an elected leader.For instance, the new president surprised many when they refused the help of a secret service agent in taking their jacket off before the start of their first meeting with their top presidential aides.Now, no one bothers to provide the president or other ranking officials at the presidential office Cheong Wa Dae with the kind of pampering requested by former leaders, according to officials at Cheong Wa Dae.Moon's attempt to remove such an authoritarian image from the country's top elected office may derive from their need to differentiate their government from what they and their supporters frequently refer to as a 10-year hiatus under the two former conservative administration of Lee Myung-bak and Park Geun-hye.Moon came into office after winning a rare presidential by-election caused by the ouster of Park in March over a series of corruption allegations that have also kept them detained since that month.His efforts have apparently paid off so far.His approval rating has remained over 70 percent since their inauguration with the latest survey putting the number at 71.7 percent despite two consecutive weeks of drop.Such popularity may have been possible due to their new initiatives and policies that many says are "cider-like," but are now giving them the drive and support to introduce and implement those changes. Many South Koreans believe soda, especially cider, helps with digestion, a long-held belief formed during the developing era when the country did not have enough medicines to go around, including digestive aides.His efforts to completely transform South Korea into what they call a true nation worthy of being called a nation were again seen in their administration's five policy objectives and 100 policy tasks, announced last month, that focus largely on expanding the income of the people, especially those in the lower brackets.To this end, Moon has vowed to create nearly 1 million new jobs in the public sector alone during their single five-year term, starting with some 110,000 new jobs this year.His most praised, and possibly the most far-reaching, initiatives include their recently unveiled plan to overhaul the national health care program under what many have come to call Moon Care.The health care reform, once completed in 2020, will cut the average personal medical spending of all South Koreans by 18 percent and 46 percent for lowest-income earners, the president has said."Overall, the past 100 days could be defined by many important policies and efforts to directly communicate with the people. The new administration has been moving forward, introducing many new policies aimed at changing the very way we live our lives and build a nation that will protect and cherish each of our lives," Cheong Wa Dae spokesperson Park Soo-hyun told Yonhap News Agency.Still, the president continues to face many serious challenges.How to pay for the wide and numerous changes and reforms remains open to daily attacks from most opposition parties. The administration's 100 policy tasks alone are estimated to cost an astonishing 178 trillion won ($155.2 billion) over the 2018-2022 period, nearly half of the 400-trillion won set aside for entire government spending this year.In addition, the government has said the health care reform will cost an additional 30.6 trillion won over the cited period.How to contain an increasingly provocative North Korea also remains an important and equally urgent issue for the new liberal government, which had been widely expected to be able to thaw inter-Korean relations but has failed so far.The Moon Jae-in administration earlier proposed holding military and Red Cross talks with the communist North to discuss ways to ease tension along the border, as well as humanitarian issues that include reunions between families separated by the countries' division.Pyongyang continues to remain completely silent, over one month after Seoul's proposal was made.Instead, the North has staged seven missile tests, with two involving claimed intercontinental ballistic missiles that prompted a fresh sanctions resolution by the UN Security Council.The North is further escalating tension on the Korean Peninsula after threatening to carry out a missile strike exercise around the US-controlled island of Guam, home to several US military units.On Friday, the Cheong Wa Dae spokesperson said the US has agreed to discuss any possible step it may take against North Korea with Seoul in advance, dismissing the possibility of the US preemptively striking the communist state without Seoul's knowledge, or possibly its consent. (Yonhap)
Hempstead Town Supervisor Anthony Santino on Tuesday is to announce a $5 million budget surplus that officials are touting as a “turnaround” from what had been a $23.5 million deficit.
The deficit improvement follows an upgrade to a “positive” financial outlook by Standard & Poor's credit rating agency in March. Moody's Investors Service in February downgraded the town's bond rating for a third straight review but upgraded its financial outlook.
Santino took office as supervisor in 2016, when the town's $436.4 million budget included using $23.5 million in reserve funds to cover operational expenses, officials said.
Additionally, Santino is to announce that the town's revenues last year were $12.4 million higher than expected, officials said.
Town officials said the improvement was due to cost-saving efforts including buying used trucks for the town instead of new ones, coating roads with cheaper beet-juice brine before snowstorms instead of using salt, installing high-efficiency LED streetlights, posting legal notices online instead of in print, and hiring part-time snow plow operators to avoid paying overtime for full-time crews.
Santino also cut costs in labor and discretionary spending, officials said. They decreased the full-time workforce by almost 7 percent and part-time employees by 24 percent.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
In December, Santino's office asked department heads to submit a list of full-time employees for possible layoffs. But town officials said no layoffs were planned.
In a separate move in February, town officials notified 55 mechanics that their jobs were being eliminated, but they would be allowed to switch departments instead of losing their employment with the town.
In its report, Standard & Poor's said the town's financial outlook could be upgraded again if officials continued to have a balanced budget and increased and maintained the reserves.
Blackstone's real estate arm has committed around $4.1 billion across 27 investments in India, making it possibly the largest owner of commercial office assets in the country. Photo: Bloomberg
Bengaluru: Global private equity firm Blackstone Group Lp is set to buy an 80% majority stake in Nitesh Hub, a shopping mall in Koregaon Park, Pune from real estate firm Nitesh Estates Ltd for around Rs310 crore, said two people familiar with the transaction, who did not wish to be named.
The remaining stake in the mall will remain with Bengaluru-based Nitesh Estates.
Once the transaction is concluded, existing investor Goldman Sachs Group Inc. will exit the project.
“The mall is going to be turned into a mixed-use development which will have retail and office space along with food and beverage and entertainment facilities,” said one of the persons cited above.
On Monday, Nitesh Estates informed the BSE that discussions are on with an investor regarding the Pune mall and are expected to conclude by 30 April. It did not disclose the name of the investor and other details.
In 2015, Nitesh Estates had bought Park Plaza Centre, a shopping mall, in Pune's Koregaon area for Rs250 crore from Israeli firm Elbit Imaging Ltd, marking its entry into the Pune property market. Investment bank Goldman Sachs had backed the acquisition with $37 million. Goldman Sachs' investment was part of an investment partnership with Nitesh Estates where the two would jointly invest up to $250 million in commercial real estate assets across cities.
Nitesh Estates later refurbished and rebranded the mall, where a million sq. ft is operational, while the remaining 200,000 sq. ft is yet to be constructed.
A Blackstone spokesperson declined to comment. Goldman Sachs did not respond to an email query.
Blackstone's real estate arm has committed around $4.1 billion across 27 investments in India, making it possibly the largest owner of commercial office assets in the country.
Singapore's sovereign wealth fund GIC Pte Ltd, which bought a stake in DLF Ltd's rental arm for Rs8,900 crore last year, would be the other large investor in office projects in India.
In the last year, Blackstone's India subsidiary Nexus Malls has also increased its portfolio from 2.8 million sq. ft to 5 million sq. ft across eight malls.
Founded in 2004, Nitesh Estates has a predominantly residential portfolio, apart from commercial office, hospitality and retail assets.
Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Harvey Weinstein Go Back 3 Decades NPR's Mary Louise Kelly speaks with Kim Master, host at KCRW and editor-at-large at The Hollywood Reporter, about the allegations against Weinstein that The New York Times reported.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - Local farmers say they are worried about falling soybean prices. It was an issue they discussed with U.S. Senator Joe Donnelly during a visit Monday.
Scroll for more content...
Senator Donnelly toured Miklozek Farm in southern Vigo County and spoke with area growers, members of the Indiana Soybean Alliance and the Indiana Corn Growers Association while pushing the Senate version of the 2018 Farm Bill.
The Farm Bill sets eating and farming policy for five years. Current law expires September 30th.
Frank Miklozek operates a thirteen hundred acre farm and says the twenty percent drop in soybean prices has them worried.
President Donald Trump instituted new trade tariffs on countries like Canada and China. As a result, China is expected to impose tariffs on soybean imports.
Miklozek says, "A lot of people are talking about it. We will notice that impact more in the fall, but a lot of people are talking about it. It's really fresh in their mind and it doesn't look good but hopefully, we can get through this."
Senator Donnelly says, "Farmers are in a tough spot right now. They have seen prices drop dramatically because of the trade war that is going on."
Donnelly says work must be done to ensure "farmers don't suffer." They want to see the "tariff battle" ended so prices can go back up.
Meanwhile, they are promoting the Senate version of the Farm Bill. The $428 billion plan passed with republican and democrat support last week. The House version of the bill passed without democrat support and includes changes to the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP. Under the House plan, able-bodied adults, without children under age six, would have to work at least twenty hours a week to get food assistance.
Donnelly says it's an issue that will have to get worked out but they are hopeful an agreement can be reached.
The democrat wrote several provisions for the bill including one to improve internet as well as water and waste infrastructure to attract new business to rural areas. They wrote another to ensure farmers can grow what they want and more dealing with the opioid epidemic and food insecurity.
ICC Champions Trophy 2017, India vs Bangladesh: Tarot Predictions
From Virat Kohli to Umesh Yadav to Shakib. How will each one fare? Tarot has the predictions.
by Anant Haranhalli Top 5 / Top 10 15 Jun 2017, 11:43 IST
Rohit Sharma is expected to lead India's charge with the bat
The second semi-final of the ICC Champions Trophy is all set for a classic showdown at Birmingham as the reigning champions, India takes on Bangladesh in this humongous encounter.
One of the most improved teams in the world cricket, Bangladesh have shown an immense amount of promise and grit to reach the semi-finals of the major ICC event. The young turks, Shakib Al Hasan and Mahmudullah snatched victory from the jaws of defeat in their last group stage match against New Zealand which enabled them to progress to the final four stage of the tournament.
The Indian team, on the other hand, is back to winning ways after a clinical performance in all the three departments against the mighty South African unit. With a spot in the finals of this prestigious tournament at stake and a chance to win the coveted trophy, there is plenty at stake for both the sides.
With the help of Tarot Cards, here are my predictions for this massive game:
#6 Rohit Sharma will continue their fine form with the bat
Rohit Sharma has been in tremendous form with the bat throughout the 2017 edition of the Champions Trophy. The 30-year-old is expected to play a pivotal role at the top of the order in this epic encounter.
The Wheel of Fortune Card for the stylish batsman predicts that they will be a vital cog in the Indian batting unit for this clash. They will be riding their luck through the innings but will ensure that they form a strong foundation in the early overs which will benefit the team for a late onslaught.
#5 Virat Kohli fails to fire
Virat Kohli is expected to falter in this epic clash
This is not happy news for Virat Kohli fans all around the world as the skipper of the Indian team is expected to not trouble the scorers a lot in this much-awaited encounter. The Nine of Swords Card indicate that Kohli will be dismissed under 30 runs which will be a huge blow for the Indian team.
The 28-year-old is currently enduring a dream run on the international circuit and has taken their team through the finishing line on numerous occasions. Their wicket in the early stage of the game will dent the batting unit and the middle order will be under a lot of pressure to bail the side out which will result in slow down the run rate of the team during the middle overs.
Ingredients
3/4th glass pani puri water
2 tablespoons of imli chutney
60ml Vodka
Ingredients for Pani Puri water
2 cups water
2 tblsp roasted cumin seed (Jeera) powder
2 tblsp un-roasted cumin seed (Jeera)
1/2 cup coriander leaves
3 green chillies (Hari Mirch)
1 cup mint leaves (Pudina Leaves)
1 tblsp black salt (Kala Namak )
1 tblsp boondi
2 tblsp crushed jaggery
Method for Pani Puri Water
Grind coriander, mint leaves and green chillies in a blender to make a fine paste. Mix all the ingredients of the pani along with the paste. Dissolve the jaggery properly. Adjust the spices and tanginess according to taste. Strain through a wire strainer to remove any rough bits. Cool in the refrigerator before serving.
Method for Chatkara
Mix the imli chutney, pani puri water and vodka together in a cocktail shaker. Serve with puris and Kurkure.
More Nurse Practitioners Are Pursuing Residency Training To Hone Skills
Enlarge this image toggle caption Antenna/fStop/Getty Images Antenna/fStop/Getty Images
The patient at the clinic was in their 40s and had lost both their legs to Type 1 diabetes. They had mental health and substance abuse problems and was taking large amounts of opioids to manage pain.
They were assigned to Nichole Mitchell, who in 2014 was a newly minted nurse practitioner in their first week of a one-year postgraduate residency program at the Community Health Center clinic in Middletown, Conn.
In a regular clinical appointment, "I would have been given 20 minutes with him, and would have been without the support or knowledge of how to treat pain or Type 1 diabetes," they say.
But Mitchell's residency program gives the nurse practitioners extra time to assess patients, they say, allowing them to come up with a plan for the man's care, with a doctor at their side who could field their questions in the medically complex case.
A few years later, Mitchell is still at that clinic and now mentors nurse practitioner residents. They have developed a specialty in transgender health care, as well as caring for patients with HIV and hepatitis C.
The residency program "gives you the space to explore things you're interested in in family practice," Mitchell says. "There's no way I could have gotten that training without the residency."
Mitchell is part of a growing cadre of nurse practitioners — typically, registered nurses who have completed a master's degree in nursing — who tack on up to a year of clinical work and other types of training, often in primary care.
Residencies may be at federally qualified health centers, Veterans Affairs medical centers or private practices and hospital systems. Patients run the gamut, but many are low-income and have complicated needs.
Proponents say the programs help prepare new nurse practitioners to deal with the growing number of patients with complex health issues.
But detractors say that a standard training program already provides adequate preparation to handle patients with serious health care needs. They say nurse practitioners who choose not to do a residency (the vast majority of the 23,000 who graduate each year do not) are already well-qualified to provide good patient care.
As many communities, especially rural ones, struggle to attract medical providers, it's increasingly likely that patients will see a nurse practitioner rather than a medical doctor when they need care.
In 2016, nurse practitioners made up a quarter of primary care providers in rural areas and 23 percent in nonrural areas, up from 17.6 and 15.9 percent, respectively, in 2008, according to a study in the June issue of Health Affairs.
Depending on the state, they may practice independently of physicians or with varying degrees of oversight. Research has shown that nurse practitioners generally provide care that's comparable to that of doctors in terms of quality, safety and effectiveness.
But their training differs. Unlike the three-year residency programs that doctors must generally complete after medical school in order to practice medicine, nurse practitioner residency programs, sometimes called fellowships, are completely voluntary.
Like medical school residents, though, the nurse practitioner residents work for a fraction of what they would make at a regular job — typically about half to three-quarters of a normal salary.
Advocates of this extra training say it's worth it to those entering the field.
"It's a very difficult transition to go from excellent nurse practitioner training to full scope-of-practice provider," says Margaret Flinter, a nurse practitioner who is senior vice president and clinical director of Community Health Center, a network of community health centers in Connecticut.
"My experience was that too often, too many junior NPs found it a difficult transition," Flinter says, "and we lost people, maybe forever, based on the intensity and readiness for seeing people" at our centers.
Flinter started the first nurse practitioner residency program in 2007. There are now more than 50 postgraduate primary care residency programs nationwide, they say. Mentored clinical training is a key part of the programs, but they typically also include formal lectures and clinical rotations in other specialties.
Not everyone is as gung-ho, though, about the need for nurse practitioner residency programs.
"There's a lot of debate within the community," says Joyce Knestrick, president of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners. Knestrick practices in Wheeling, W.Va., a rural area about an hour's drive from Pittsburgh.
There could be a benefit, they say, if a nurse practitioner wanted to switch from primary care to work in a cardiology practice, for example. But otherwise, Knestrick says, she's not sold on the idea that there's a need.
A position statement from the Nurse Practitioner Roundtable, a group of professional organizations of which AANP is a member, offers this assessment: "Forty years of patient outcomes and clinical research demonstrates that nurse practitioners consistently provide high quality, competent care. Additional post-graduate preparation is not required or necessary for entry into practice."
Kaiser Health News, a nonprofit news service, is an editorially independent program of the Kaiser Family Foundation that is not affiliated with Kaiser Permanente. You'll find Michelle Andrews on Twitter: @mandrews110.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
North Korea's threat against Guam underscores this disconcerting fact - the North Koreans have made dramatic improvements in developing nuclear weapons and the missiles to deliver them. Researcher Michael Elleman says they could not have done that alone. In a study for the International Institute for Strategic Studies, Elleman says that help may have come from a factory in Ukraine. And, Mr. Elleman, thanks for joining us today.
MICHAEL ELLEMAN: Thanks for having me.
SIEGEL: You write that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid propellant engine from a foreign source. First, how do we know that the North Koreans couldn't have engineered an engine like that on their own?
ELLEMAN: Well, we haven't seen them develop and use any kind of engine that was based on their technology development. We haven't seen even small engines. The engine that powers these particular missiles is quite powerful. It's large. It's sophisticated. So to me, it stretches credulity to think that they suddenly were able to develop this on their own.
SIEGEL: How much do you actually know about these particular engines?
ELLEMAN: Well, we're able from the videos to understand approximately what the total amount of power released by the engine is. We know how long it operates for, and from that we can back out the amount of fuel consumed. And with that and some of the visual characteristics of the engine, we're able to determine that it comes from the - what they call the RD-250 family of engines that were developed in the former Soviet Union.
SIEGEL: When you say we know it was - it came from Ukraine or was made in Ukraine, how do you know that?
ELLEMAN: Well, I don't know that it came from Ukraine. In my writing, I think I was very specific in saying that the most likely source would be Ukraine. We've seen the modifications that were incorporated into the engine that the North Koreans are using. I have two independent sources that have said they've seen that engine in Ukraine. It doesn't mean that it came from Ukraine, but it strongly implies that.
But I want to make one point very clear. I don't think the Ukrainian government was involved in this at all. I don't even know that executives from the Yuzhnoye plant would have been involved. This, to me, sounds like criminal gangs were able to access something and export it from either Ukraine or Russia.
SIEGEL: Last month, the factory Yuzhmash said it had not, does not and will not participate in the transfer of potentially dangerous technologies outside Ukraine. You say it could have been a criminal gang. In a way, that seems almost scarier than the notion that a government might have supplied the Koreans with this technology, the idea that it's on the loose and being sold on the black market.
ELLEMAN: Well, again, you know, because there are so many sites where a large number of engines might have been stored or kept, not all of them would be protected to the extent that we would like to see. And the Yuzhmash - Yuzhnoye facilities are not too far away from the area where Russian separatists in Ukraine and the Ukrainian armed forces are actually fighting, so undoubtedly there would be a number of criminal elements.
And we know from the past in the 1990s that a number of Russian missile technology left Russia and ended up in North Korea. And we know that there were North Korean agents seeking missile technology from Yuzhnoye in 2012 because they were arrested by the Ukrainian government.
SIEGEL: Just curious - if, in fact, these engines were transported from somewhere in Ukraine near Russia to North Korea, how would they get - how would you do that? Would you send them by truck? Would you fly them somewhere? How would they move?
ELLEMAN: You could move them in any one of those methods. So the actual engine could fit into a - you know, like a wooden crate 1 meter by 1 meter by 2 meters. So you could pack them into, you know, a large aircraft. You could put them in the back of trucks. You could put them on trains. So, you know, the possibilities are almost endless. For me, the big question going forward is how many of these engines were actually transferred? And I just don't have any information to suggest that it's a small number or a large number.
SIEGEL: Michael Elleman is a senior fellow for missile defense at the International Institute for Strategic Studies. Thanks for talking with us today.
ELLEMAN: Thanks for having me.
(SOUNDBITE OF SLENDERBODIES SONG, "OPAL OCEAN") Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Southampton finalise partnership with Chinese investors
A lengthy process aimed at securing new financial backing for Southampton has seen a partnership agreed with Chinese investors.
by Omnisport News 15 Aug 2017, 00:03 IST
Southampton's first match of the 2017-18 Premier League season
Southampton have entered into a partnership with the family of Chinese business person Jisheng Gao.
Katharina Liebherr, who inherited the club from their late father Markus Liebherr, announced in January that the club was seeking investment to help it remain competitive in the Premier League.
Talks had originally taken place with the intention of finalising a deal between Southampton and Lander Sports, a business controlled by the Gao family.
But, according to statement released by Saints on Monday, an arrangement has instead been made between the club and the Gao family directly.
Katharina Liebherr has issued the following letter to supporters of #SaintsFC: https://t.co/ccQLjctnu0 pic.twitter.com/Cc7W7yQGMQ — Southampton FC (@SouthamptonFC) August 14, 2017
"I am pleased to confirm that talks to bring in a new partner to our club have been concluded," Liebherr said in a letter address to the club's supporters.
"Following extensive and fruitful work, we are entering into a partnership with the Gao family and I am excited about what we will achieve together.
"Today is the start of a new and exciting chapter for our club. Mr Jisheng Gao and their daughter, Mrs Nelly Gao, with whom I have built a close relationship, share our values and ambitions. As a team, we will strive to build upon the strong foundation that is in place towards sustainable long-term success.
"Mr Gao, Nelly and I have full trust in Ralph Krueger and their management team. We wholeheartedly support their plans to follow the Southampton way in the years ahead.
"But for now it is business as usual at Southampton Football Club and we must allow everyone at the club to focus on the first few weeks of the new season."
New #SaintsFC partner Mr Jisheng Gao has released the following statement to the club's fans: pic.twitter.com/HXwKh8HWKv — Southampton FC (@SouthamptonFC) August 14, 2017
In a joint statement, Jisheng Gao said: "I am honoured and humbled to become a partner of Southampton Football Club alongside Katharina Liebherr, who, together with their father, has been such a great flight attendant of the club, its growth and success.
"Together, we have the passion and motivation to build on Southampton's excellent progress in recent years as we look forward to an exciting next chapter for the club."
Widespread reports in the British media indicated the Gao family had taken a controlling stake in the club, although no financial details of the deal were released.
Southampton opened the Premier League season with a 0-0 draw at home to Swansea City in Mauricio Pellegrino's first competitive match in charge.
Innovation is widely perceived as one of the most powerful tools for business survival and growth in a fast-changing world, so it makes sense that everyone, no matter what industry or field, is eager to jump on the innovation bandwagon. Most companies, however, still struggle to jump start innovative thinking because they overlook the small details embedded within an organization's culture: the everyday, ritualistic occurrences that subliminally signal to employees that they shouldn't spend time exploring a new idea, let alone bring it up to the rest of their team. The most pervasive of these subliminal signals are the words that a company allows in its everyday vocabulary, which may at first seem harmless, but in reality could be stifling innovation potential.
Related: 5 Habits That Made Elon Musk an Innovator
As a starting point, this list offers some insights on words that have no purpose in an innovative workplace, yet are heard in almost every workspace.
"Best practices"
There is something to be said about not reinventing the wheel. However, more often than not, a "best practice" is a shortcut solution to a problem that ends up diminishing creative thinking. Most executives develop a strong appetite for the use of best practices, as it allows them to reduce the cognitive stress of developing new solutions to everyday issues. The problem with this phrase is that it implies that what worked for one problem works for another, albeit with minor tweaks. When building an innovative culture, it is critical to understand the danger of overusing common approaches to problem-solving, and to instead, cultivate an environment where employees are encouraged to think about multiple approaches to challenges, and how to create something unlike anything else seen on the market today.
In my book, The Click Moment, I point to a well-known fiction author who ultimately succeeded in their writings because they didn't follow the "best practices" commonly used for writing, or even the vampire genre as a whole. Instead, they eschewed what the experts -- from Bram Stoker to Anne Rice -- say about vampires, and ended up creating one of the best selling series of all time: Twilight.
Related: The 100 Most Brilliant Business Ideas
"ROI"
"Return on investment," or ROI, is among the most commonly used phrases in business today. It's also one of the biggest inhibitors of innovation. Although there is a place for ROI in business, it's not at the early stages of an idea or initiative. Yet, ROI is often used to stage gate new ideas and, inadvertently, kill high potential ones. This tendency suggests that business leaders are impatient to see how an idea plays out by immediately tagging a metric to the thought's perceived value.
To illustrate an example of how ROI can fail us, let's take a look at Google. About a year or so into the business, the founders wanted to get back to their doctoral program at Stanford, so they tried to sell Google to Yahoo for $1 million. Yahoo ran the numbers and ended up rejecting the offer, stating that the cost was too high. While Yahoo's estimated ROI missed big time, we have to also look at the founders who missed the mark as well. You see, they initially valued Google at $1 million, which has since evolved into one of top corporations in the race to become the first $1-trillion company.
Everyone who has conducted a ROI analysis to justify spending on a project knows that it signifies a theoretical number that doesn't necessarily reflect the reality of the value. A better metric to look at is what Professor of Business Administration at the University of Virginia's Darden School of Business, Saras D. Sarasvathy, calls the "affordable loss principle." Sarasvathy suggests that businesses should redirect their focus from maximizing return, to placing bets that they can afford to lose without having a negative impact. An organizational culture that understands and fosters this principle has a better chance of developing breakthrough ideas, as it allows them to put a pulse on potential risk, while simultaneously providing the space to experiment with new solutions.
Related: Amazon's Lesson About Disruption: Rattle Any Market You Can
"Strategy"
Strategy in and of itself is not a bad thing. However, problems emerge when a strategy, which is based on months of research, model development and market analysis, becomes inflexible to the realities of the world we currently live in. Today's great plan on paper may no longer be relevant by the time it's put into action. Business leaders' over-reliance on inflexible strategies can help us understand why the average lifespan of a company listed in the S&P 500 index of leading U.S. companies has decreased by more than 50 years in the last century -- from 67 years in the 1920s to just 15 years today, according to Yale University Professor Richard Foster.
Strategy only makes sense when the rules of the game remain unchanged. But, that is no longer the case today. Competitors can come from anywhere, not just the usual suspects -- just ask Nokia or the hotel and taxi industries, whose worlds have shifted dramatically in just the last few years. Although strategy can mobilize a team to act on new ideas, innovation really comes from having a clear vision of what you want to achieve, and executing on that vision through a lens that is not afraid of failure or steadfast on one pathway as a means to success.
The phrase "words will never hurt me" doesn't always apply when trying to ignite innovation, especially in the business world. By avoiding these all-too-common phrases, companies will encourage an organizational culture that fosters innovation and creative thinking. The end result will be a more open, collaborative and ultimately innovative organization that is better position for generating ideas, products and/or services that the world has never seen before.
Related Video: Why You Shouldn't Try to Be the Next Elon Musk or Mark Zuckerberg
March 29 Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd:
* Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd - company intends to fund purchase with its cash flow generated from 2017
* Expanded its fleet through purchase of five vessels from Fuzhou Honglong Ocean Fishery Co for about RMB 265.3 million
* Expects to put acquired vessels in operation and begin recognizing sales during Q2 of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BUSINESS
Samsung Electronics Co. said Tuesday it will start the streaming of videos that utilize the latest High Dynamic Range 10 Plus technology via its premium TVs with the US-based Amazon.com.
Under the agreement, users of Samsung's high-end QLED and UHD TVs can enjoy quality content through the Amazon Prime Video streaming application starting Wednesday. The HDR 10 Plus technology is a next-generation standard for high-resolution video content promoted by Samsung.
Shown in this picture, released by Samsung Electronics Co. on Dec. 12, 2017, are examples of titles to be provided through the video streaming platform of Amazon.com that use High Dynamic Range 10 Plus technology promoted by Samsung. (Yonhap)
Samsung said it marks the first time for HDR-10 Plus content to be provided through a streaming service.The HDR technology allows screens to deliver vivid displays by optimizing brightness depending on colors, such as making dark areas darker.Around 100 TV shows and movies will be provided with the HDR 10 Plus standard through the platform, including "The Grand Tour," "The Tick" and "The Man in the High Castle." Samsung and Amazon plan to expand the number of titles down the road.Samsung Electronics said it also has been making various steps to vitalize what it calls the "ecosystem" of the HDR 10 Plus technology.In September, Samsung also announced its cooperation with US 20th Century Fox and Japan-based Panasonic Corp. in the field. (Yonhap)
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
With spring in the air and children's imaginations filled with visions of life size bunnies and chocolate eggs, we invite you and your family to brace yourselves for a day of mayhem and madness at Pinecrest Gardens' Annual Eggstravaganza presented by Williamson Automotive on March 24, from 10:00 a.m.-3:00 p.m. Be part of Miami's most exciting and activity-filled day for kids. We're not bragging when we say it's the biggest and the best egg hunt in town with over 50,000 eggs featured at scheduled egg hunts throughout the day along with prizes, face painting, balloon art, interactive games, music, arts and crafts, a petting zoo, story-telling, delicious food and even a wild life show.
It's a virtual wonderland of children's happenings. General admission is $5 if you pay in advance at our administrative office or on-line (cutoff date for on-line purchase is Thursday, March 22)…and $7 at the gate the day of the event. Pinecrest Gardens members enter free of charge, but call in advance to reserve your hunt. If you purchase your tickets on-line, there is a special advanced ticket sales Will-Call area to avoid long ticket purchase lines. So round up your toddlers, boppers and tweens and bring them to the Gardens for a day devoted to fun and entertainment just for them.
FAMILY FUN CONCERTS presented by…Nicklaus Children's Pinecrest Outpatient Center
Sunday, March 25 at 3:00 p.m.
Come to the Gardens for another fabulous performance by Orchestra Miami designed especially for kids to enjoy. BEHOLD THE BOLD UMBRELLAPHANT is a performance where poetry & music come together to create magic! Silly rhymes + great music = a whole lot of fun.
What do you get when you cross . . .A toaster with a toad? You get… A Pop-up Toadster
What do you get when you cross… A tuba with a baboon? You get… A Tubaboon
What do you get when you cross…A clock with an octopus? You get… The Clocktopus
What do you get when you cross…A hat with a chicken? You get…A Hatchicken
And finally…what do you get when you cross…an umbrella with an elephant? You get The Bold Umbrellaphant!
Advance Purchase Tickets: $10- Kids (3-17), $12 Seniors (65 & Up), $15 Adults $12/$15/$18 at the Door Free Lap Seating for Children under 3 years. For advance tickets visit orchestramiami.org.
HIBISCUS GALLERY
Spring Equinox Performance
March 20 at 10:30 a.m.
You are invited to join Xavier Cortada for a special performance at the site of their Longitudinal Installation at the Gardens. This extraordinary participatory art piece captures voices from 24 individual across the globe who have been impacted by Climate Change. The event is free and…
About the Longitudinal Installation:
Cortada created the Longitudinal Installation at the South Pole in 2007 and at the North Pole in 2008. During both visits, Cortada placed 24 shoes in a circle, each aligned across 24 longitudes. They stopped in front of each of their longitudinal shoe markers and read a quote aloud that revealed a person's experience with climate change from that part of the world. Their artistic ritual illustrated how everyone in the world has been profoundly impacted by climate change.
hARTvest Project
ARTbreak
Join us at a special breakfast on Wednesday, March 21 from 9:30 a.m. to 12:00 noon when fabulous food, art and the world of fashion collide. This unique event will feature a talk by Armando Droulers about Yves Saint Laurent's art inspirations.
Fee: $40
CerealFest (a special hARTvest project event) will happen on Saturday, March 24 from 10:00 a.m. to 12:00 noon. If you happen to be coming to our EGGSTRAVAGANZA, stop by Cypress Hall with your children for a very creative cereal breakfast served with a variety of milks, yogurts and toppings.
Fee: $7
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Neville has reportedly banned Wayne Rooney's party pal Laura Simpson from their new Manchester bar.
The 29-year-old hit the headlines after Wayne was busted driving their car home after a night out in Wilmslow, Cheshire.
Former Manchester United defender Neville is the co-owner of swanky new bar Mahiki, which opened earlier this month.
Neville was joined by the likes of David Beckham, Pixie Lott and Calum Best for the launch but Simpson won't be paying a visit.
According to the Sun, their name is one of very few on the banned list from "orders high up".
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: PA Wire)
Simpson is said to be "furious" at the decision with the venue the latest celebrity hot spot in the city.
It's unclear whether the decision has anything to do with Neville or their relationship with former teammate Rooney.
It comes after Simpson was pictured wearing a Shrek mask on a night out this week in an apparent dig at the ex-England captain.
(Image: REUTERS)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Meanwhile, the Everton striker was pictured working at a garden centre on Friday as they begin their community service.
Rooney must complete 100 hours following their drink-drive shame and is using the international break to do so.
They were three times the drink-driving limit when they were pulled over last month and continues to fight to save theirs marriage.
A piece of history could soon bite the dust.
A 123-year-old Bay City home is at the center of a fight between its owner and the historic district where it is located.
Don Sabourin wanted to move the home from Center Ave. and N. Trumbull St. to an empty lot 400-feet away but was denied permission.
The home has since suffered so much water damage, Sabourin said it would cost $239,000 to repair. Now they want it torn down.
Sabourin will make their case before the historic district commission next week.
Copyright 2017 WNEM (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved.
Welcome to the rolling news live blog where you'll find all the latest news and traffic, travel, sport and weather updates for Bristol and the West on Tuesday, August 15.
If it's happening in the city, you'll hear it here first.
If it's happening in the wider world and we think you'll be interested, this is where you will find it.
We will keep you up to date on all you need to know.
We're hoping you can be our eyes and ears in your own communities so if you spot something going on you can tweet our live blogs editor Natasha Davies @natashabdavies, call us on 0117 934 3237 or email bristolpostnews@localworld.co.uk
NOVARTIS UNDER FIRE IN KOREA — South Korean civic groups representing local patients with leukemia and gastrointestinal stromal tumors hold a rally criticizing Novartis for allegedly inflicting damage to patients in a protest held in front of the Novartis Korea headquarters in Seoul, Monday. Korea's Health Ministry is slated to suspend insurance coverage for 18 drugs sold by Novartis here as punishment for the Swiss drugmaker which was found to have provided bribes worth 2.6 billion won ($2.28 million) to local doctors from 2011 to 2016 to boost sales. (Yonhap)
BOSTON -- The Red Sox and Indians will make up their Aug. 2 postponement at Fenway Park today at 6:10 p.m.
Red Sox righty Doug Fister (2-5, 5.03) will start opposite Indians righty Trevor Bauer (10-8, 5.00).
Fister had their best start this season vs. the Indians at Fenway on July 31. They pitched 7 2/3 innings and allowed two runs. Both runs came on a homer in the eighth inning.
Hanley Ramirez is not in the lineup after they went 1-for-9 with a walk and five strikeouts Saturday and Sunday. Ramirez's line dropped to .250/.338/.435/.773.
Eduardo Nunez is the DH. He's leading off. Andrew Benintendi is batting second and Mookie Betts will bat third. Brock Holt is at second base and batting seventh.
Rafael Devers -- who hit a game-tying homer in the top of the ninth inning off Yankees closer Aroldis Chapman last night -- is batting fifth.
RED SOX LINEUP
1. Eduardo Nunez DH
2. Andrew Benintendi LF
3. Mookie Betts RF
4. Mitch Moreland 1B
5. Rafael Devers 3B
6. Xander Bogaerts SS
7. Brock Holt 2B
8. Christian Vazquez C
9. Jackie Bradley Jr. CF
NEW YORK — A person familiar with the plans tells The Associated Press that Major League Baseball is working to finalize a two-game series between the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox at London's Olympic Stadium on June 29-30 in 2019, the sport's first regular-season games in Europe.
The Red Sox have the option of having both games be Boston home games, the person familiar with the planning said. The person spoke on condition of anonymity Monday because no announcement had been made.
Baseball officials have long hoped for games on London and settled last year on Olympic Stadium, which is in its second season as home of West Ham of the Premier League. Because it originally was built for a 400-meter track, it is wider than other large stadiums in the London area and can best accommodate the dimensions of a baseball field.
MLB chose the June window because it is after the Premier League season and before the stadium must be made available for summer track and field events. MLB hopes to make an announcement within the next two months.
Are you ready for the new car tax rules?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Floyd Mayweather Jr has called out Conor McGregor and urged the Irishman's representatives to to open talks over a potential billion dollar superfight.
The undefeated five-division former World champion played down reports yesterday that the two fighters had agreed terms for a mouthwatering showdown.
However, Mayweather has welcomed negotations between the pair's management teams once McGregor "takes care of business".
They said: "Listen, Conor McGregor, if you really want to get this fight done... take care of your business with the UFC and then have your people get in touch with my people."
The 39-year-old had reportedly been in discussions to take on the UFC's pound-for-pound superstar McGregor in a boxing ring, but took to social media on Tuesday to put the record straight.
"There seems to be several rumours floating around the media recently however, let the record show, there hasn't been any deals made in regards to a fight between myself and any other fighters," Mayweather said in a statement on social media.
"I am happily retired and enjoying life at this time. If any changes are to come, be sure that I will be the first to let the world know."
Mayweather later released a second statement that was similarly worded, only adding that no deal had been made on their behalf.
This statement contradicted reports from the Nevada State Athletic Commission chairperson that "real discussions" have been held with the "real players involved."
(Photo: Getty Images North America)
McGregor has failed to hide their intentions though, despite five fights remaining on their existing UFC contract.
They said: "I'm going to go to Las Vegas, get my boxing license and then we see where the f*** Floyd's at.
"I have my eyes on one thing and that's Floyd Mayweather."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Portsmouth boss Kenny Jackett has explained exactly why Kyle Bennett left the club and joined Bristol Rovers.
Bennett joined the Gas on Thursday morning having been released on deadline day by Pompey.
Rovers boss Darrell Clarke spoke on Bennett's arrival and explained that the winger was perhaps more out of favour with Jackett than they had been under previous manager Paul Cook.
Now Jackett has spoken to give their take on the deal.
"Kyle plays in an area in which we have a number of wide people in," Jackett told the Portsmouth News.
"There are those four options which, at the moment, have been ahead of him.
"I have Lowe and Evans for the right-hand side and Kennedy and Naismith for the left.
"This was the chance for them to go out and get game time – and for us the right time to free up some budget to be able to strengthen other areas.
"Bristol Rovers were very keen to take them on a permanent and when that opportunity came it was a good one for us.
"To strengthen in other areas at the right time we have to make decisions. When the opportunity comes up you have to use your budget accordingly.
"Kyle's had opportunities, we've played them in a variety of roles, such as 11, 10, 7 positions, and they had the freedom to move.
"He did okay for us. ‘e wish them all the best, they were part of the promotion side last year – and a played a very big part."
KITCHENER — A faulty chimney is being blamed for a three-alarm fire that caused $300,000 to $400,000 damage to a home in Westmount Saturday afternoon.
The residents in the bungalow at 711 Westmount Rd. W. had lit a fire in their wood-burning fireplace Saturday afternoon, but didn't notice that the fire had spread, said Jeff Noble, an assistant platoon chief with the Kitchener Fire Department.
A passerby noticed smoke coming from the roof and alerted the occupants just before 2 p.m. All three occupants — a husband and wife and their grown son — were able to leave the house unharmed.
The fire department arrived within three or four minutes but the roof of the house was fully involved, Noble said. Firefighters from three stations attacked the blaze from the outside. The fire was contained within a couple of hours.
Although damage was clearly evident from outside the home, with a caved in, smouldering roof and strips of soot-stained siding hanging over the front porch, Noble said the damage was mainly contained between the roof and a false roof installed below it.
Preliminary indications are that the fire started in the chimney and quickly spread to the roof, likely because of a poorly maintained chimney. Although the home had been undergoing renovations, and debris from the work had been piled on the porch, the fire didn't appear to be related to the renovations, the fire department said.
Noble said it's important to have wood-burning fireplaces and chimneys regularly inspected and cleaned once a year. "They said they had a fire in the fireplace last week and there was no indication of a problem," Noble said.
"If a wood-burning fireplace isn't maintained properly, this can happen … The creosote can build up in the chimney if you don't burn the fire hot enough."
CTV camera operator Brandon Bax was at the scene even before firefighters. They were driving down Westmount and noticed the smoke, which seemed like more smoke than should be coming out of a chimney.
"It was a lot of smoke. The homeowners were out and some neighbours were helping them, making sure everybody was out, so I got my camera out."
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
A U.S. Marine Corps EA-6B Prowler assigned to Marine Aviation Weapons and Tactics Squadron One (MAWTS-1) conducts an aerial refuel in support of Weapons and Tactics Instructor Course (WTI) near Welton, Ariz., Oct. 5, 2017. WTI is a seven-week training event hosted by MAWTS-1 cadre, which emphasizes operational integration of the six functions of Marine Aviation in support of a Marine Air Ground Task Force. MAWTS-1 provides standardized advanced tactical training and certification of unit instructor qualifications to support Marine Aviation Training and Readiness and assists in developing and employing aviation weapons and tactics. (U.S. Marine Corps video by Cpl. AaronJames Vinculado)
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Wayne Sleep came fifth on Celebrity Big Brother this evening.
The former ballet dancer, 69, lost out to housemates Ann Widdecombe, Shane Lynch, Courtney Act and Jess Impiazzi.
After quickly hugging their husband, they jumped back down to chat to host Emma Willis.
Speaking about how it felt getting to the final, they gushed about it being "fantastic".
"Gosh, it's massive," they said. "You just feel this wealth of love from people voting."
(Image: Credit: Lia Toby/WENN)
(Image: Lia Toby/WENN.com)
Wayne insisted that they never thought that they would have won it and reminded viewers that it was the "year of the woman".
They also admitted that the experience had been nothing like what they had expected and thought it would be awful.
But they added: "Not awful but i thought it would be a real challenge... it was a real test and I came through it."
Wayne insisted that it had been a "learning curve" for them and the "experience of a lifetime"
"And to be with mature people as well, I didn't expect it," they said.
India has about 129 police officers per 100,000 citizens. Photo: HT
Lately, there has been renewed interest in India's lack of state capacity. One hardly need to explain the dysfunction arising from this problem to the average Indian citizen. It is as pervasive and embedded as any other social, cultural or economic facet of Indian life. Yet, we continue to chug along and sometimes even manage to surprise ourselves—conducting free and fair elections for hundreds of millions of voters, or providing unique biometric identification to close to a billion people. So, it is not a complete failure.
Lant Pritchett famously labelled India a flailing state—one where “the head, that is the elite institutions at the national (and in some states) level remain sound and functional but that this head is no longer reliably connected via nerves and sinews to its own limbs.”
Pritchett's diagnosis of the Indian malady has been interpreted by many scholars as a problem of institutional manpower and institutional design. There is a new revival of discussions on state capacity to execute plans, and a new focus on redesigning and staffing public institutions. An excellent iteration of this problem with some solutions is in Rethinking Public Institutions In India, co-edited by Devesh Kapur, Pratap Bhanu Mehta and Milan Vaishnav.
This problem of state capacity has an element of truth and urgency. Almost all of India's governance problems can find links to the lack of manpower in state services. India has only 12-15 judges per million compared to the US' 110 per million. The immediate goal is to reach the law commission's 50-judges-per-million recommendation. Similarly, India has about 129 police officers per 100,000 citizens—only Uganda fares worse. In order to meet the UN recommended ratio, India is short of half-a-million police officers. The situation for judges and the police also holds true for firefighters, traffic police, garbage collectors, inspectors, engineers, bureaucrats, and so on.
This crisis in state capacity cannot be solved anytime soon. Though India's population, especially the youth, should be in line for these jobs, there are two major problems. First is the old problem of state budgets. India has a very small tax base, with a minuscule fraction of its citizens paying income tax. There needs to be a reduction in government spending in other areas and an increase in revenue to support the much-needed manpower. Second, the Indian workforce is not skilled enough to be recruited for these jobs. Though a million new workers join the workforce each month, it is still difficult to find half-a-million skilled enough to be recruited for the police force or the fire service. Matters are far worse in the case of judges, engineers and regulators.
Improving state capacity, while an obvious need, will not happen quickly. So, what can be done?
An alternative interpretation of Pritchett's famous diagnosis is that with flailing limbs, perhaps the head can issue fewer commands, and engage in fewer actions. Essentially, both streamlining and shrinking the ambit of the regulatory state to a size that can actually be effectively enforced. The size of the Indian state in terms of its manpower may be small, but its size in terms of regulation is gigantic, and most of this regulation is either unenforced, or selectively and perniciously enforced.
An example, discussed a few months ago in these pages, is of the archaic posts of salt commissioner and their four deputies, who oftentimes pose problems for businesses, but do not collect enough cess to even cover the wage bill of the organization.
Somasekhar Sundaresan has critiqued the frequent tendency of statutes to criminalize actions without giving any thought to the capacity of the criminal justice system to handle the enforcement of rules. For instance, a cheque bouncing due to insufficient funds is a criminal offence in India. It is unclear why a contractual matter that can be resolved between two parties should impose on the already strained police, prisons and magistrates by criminalizing the offence.
Similarly, the Telegraph Wires (Unlawful Possession) Act, 1950 makes it a criminal offence for anyone to possess a 2.43mm- to 3.52mm-diameter copper wire. One can scarcely fathom any circumstance where this provision was actually required and now it is particularly unnecessary given that the telegraph service was permanently closed in July 2013. A joint report by the Centre for Civil Society, in collaboration with the National Institute of Public Finance and Policy (NIPFP) and Vidhi Legal Centre, has recommended the repeal of a hundred other such laws.
Repealing obsolete laws is both obvious and relatively easy, and will free up some state capacity. The government has taken small steps in this direction. But the bigger gains will come from structural reform to streamline the regulatory process.
Labour regulation is a particularly messy and entangled regulatory system. Currently, there are 44 labour-related statutes enacted by the Central government dealing with welfare, wages, occupational safety and health, social security, and industrial relations. States have their own statutes as well as amendments attached to Central statutes. The result is a system of overlapping and inconsistent rules, making it impossible for most businesses to know, let alone follow, all these laws. There is an opportunity to reduce the burden on the state by streamlining the current labour law system. Service law and tax codes are also obvious areas for reform. A rupee saved is a rupee earned, and state capacity freed is state capacity built.
Shruti Rajagopalan is an assistant professor of economics at Purchase College, State University of New York, and a fellow at the Classical Liberal Institute, New York University School of Law.
Comments are welcome at views@livemint.com
Russian Republic Of Chechnya Accused Of Targeting Male Homosexuals
Police in Chechnya have reportedly detained more than 100 gay men. Some have been tortured. Steve Inskeep to Shaun Walker, a reporter with The Guardian in Moscow, about the detainments.
On September 25, 92 percent from the total of 8.4 million of Iraqi Kurds have voted “yes” to independence on the Iraqi Kurdish referendum, on whether to secede from the Iraqi territory. That was a symbolic step for the world's largest ethnic group composed by more than 30 million people spread across five countries, to settle a homeland of their own in northern Iraq where the Iraqi Kurdistan is made up of three provinces run by an autonomous regional government, and protected by their own security services.
The Iraqi Ambassador to Russia Haidar Mansour Hadi has pointed out to Pravda that
“the referendum was a severe violation to the Iraqi Constitution, that represents the social contract between all Iraqi components, ratified by the Kurdish people in a way exceeded other Iraqi provinces: Erbil 99.36%, Dohuk 99.13% and Sulaimania 98.96% votes.”
Noting that the people who are claiming to secede from Iraq are genuine participants in the Federal Government since 2003, the Iraqi official said that the Kurds cannot justify a secession. “The Kurdish people are part of Iraqi people.”
Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has called on foreign states to stop cooperating with the the Iraq's autonomous and oil-rich Kurdish on issues in the oil sector, and also demanded that all border posts with Turkey, Syria and Iran be placed under Baghdad's supervision, closing airports. Turkey also responded aggressively, threatening military action and sanctions in order to force the Kurds to “give up on this adventure that can only have a dark end.”
As the Kurdish leadership is claiming that Baghdad government is punishing the Kurdish people by closing borders and airports, for trying to express their rights, Ambassador Haidar has observed that the Iraqi Federal Government has full rights to control the airports in the Kurdistan region of Iraq, subject all border crossings to federal authorities and close all non-official ports.
“As the Kurdish people are part of Iraqi people, the governmental procedures are basically addressed to deter the Kurdish government for fragmenting Iraq's unity and preserve its regional position,” they said. “Oil exporting, foreign trade, investments, bank transactions and the diplomatic and consulate representations are subjected to the federal government authority,” added the Iraqi diplomat to Russia.
The international community and regional neighbors have opposed the referendum, but there is only one government all over the world which has openly supported it: the State of Israel, year by year condemned by several international organizations for crimes against humanity in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
An Iraq senior government official, speaking on condition of anonymity to this report, has stated that
“Tel Aviv is only interested on weaken Iraq.”
Ambassador Haidar adds that,
“the Kurdish people are part of Iraqi people, and the governmental procedures are basically addressed to deter the Kurdish government for fragmenting Iraq's unity, and preserve its regional position.”
As Lebanese journalist and political commentator Osama al-Sharif wrote in the Jordan Times,
“Netanyahu and their far right allies know very well that a unilateral Kurdish decision to cede from Iraq in the absence of an agreement over a number of contentious issues, least of which is the future of oil-rich Kirkuk province, would trigger a civil war that is likely to spill over.”
In the mid 1960s and 70s, Mossad planned and funded a Kurdish Army to fight Iraqi troops in northern Iraq, and other Israel enemies in the Middle East: Syria and Egypt. One of Zionists's partner then was Mullah Mustafa Barzani, Masoud Barzani's father, currently the (illegal) President of Kurdistan, and Nechirvan Idris Barzani‘s grandfather, Prime Minister of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) a nephew of Masoud Barzani, who rules the region without any legal basis since 2015: in 2013 they concluded their eight-year term in the Kurdish Presidency, extended by two years by the local Parliament but, since the mandate totally expired, Barzani has prevented the Members of Parliament from setting up new elections.
As observed the website The Moon of Alabama, Barzani's corrupted power has also been propelled by the United States oil interests in the region.
“The Kurds pumped and sold oil without the consent of Baghdad. Corruption rules in Kurdistan and the regional government had to rob local banks to find fresh money. That still wasn't enough to pay salaries. The Barzani family mafia has robbed the region blind. To keep going, the local government needs to annex more riches and widen its business base.”
In August 24, 2015, The Jerusalem Post reported,
“Majority of Israeli Oil Imported from Kurdistan [report title]. Importing crude from Erbil [capital of the KRG] could be geopolitically, economically favorable for Jerusalem. Israel had imported as much as 77 percent of its oil supply from Kurdistan [KRG] in recent months, bringing in some 19 million barrels between the beginning of May and August 11. During that period, more than a third of all northern Iraqi [KRG] exports, shipped through Turkey's Ceyhan port, went to Israel, with transactions amounting to almost $1 billion.”
Recently reported on teleSUR English on September 26,
“an official within Iran's Expediency Council, Ali Akbar Velayati, stated before the vote that the existence of a secessionist Kurdish state in Iraq would only benefit the United States and the Zionist regime of Israel, both of whom seek to “colonize and dominate” the Middle East.”
Asked about the Kurdish claim that the vote acknowledges their contribution in confronting Islamic State group after it overwhelmed the Iraqi Army in 2014, Ambassador Haidar stated that the Kurdish referendum undermines the international efforts to combat terrorism, especially the battle against Daesh:
“It's considered a danger on the security of the region. Not just Kurdistan fought ISIS. All Iraqis fought hand in hand and sacrificed their lives in order to win the war against ISIS.” “Since 2003, our Kurdish brothers were an important part of the Iraqi political process we together, as Iraqis, worked closely to convince the US-led forces to leave Iraq after signing a strategic agree with the United States,” added the Iraqi Ambassador.
Prime Minister Nechirvan Barzani said, previously to the vote, that Kurds will not declare independence, but “will engage in serious negotiations with Baghdad.” Ambassador Haidar observes that from the beginning, Kurds want their own independent state.
“I would strongly disagree with what Prime Minister of Kurdistan said.” “The Federal Government in Baghdad refuses any negotiation with the Kurdish leadership, unless they admit the referendum results are void, and the referendum itself is a violation of the Constitution,” remarked the Iraqi diplomat to Moscow.
The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Edu Montesanti , Global Research, 2017
https://www.globalresearch.ca/tel-aviv-is-only-interested-in-weakening-iraq-the-kurdish-referendum/5612138
James Hohmann: “With so many reasons to worry that the center may not hold in American life, baseball steps into the breach. If you're ever losing faith in this country, go to a game. It may cure you. The national pastime reminds us that there's nothing wrong with America that can't be fixed by what's right about America. Our persistence. Our diversity. Our ability to deliver in the clutch. ‘Whoever wants to know the heart and mind of America had better learn baseball, the rules, and reality of the game,' the French cultural historian Jacques Barzun said in 1954.”
OPINION
Immediately after a notable diplomatic win -- unanimous backing at the United Nations for tougher sanctions against North Korea -- President Donald Trump undid much of the benefit by exchanging useless threats of nuclear annihilation with the rogue regime. Instead of playing North Korea's game of reckless propaganda, Trump should be quietly piling on the pressure while showing more clearly that he's willing to talk.
The president's threat to rain down “fire and fury” on the North doesn't change the fact that the military options in this crisis are terrible. Any preemptive strike risks retaliation and massive civilian casualties in South Korea and possibly Japan. The chances of swiftly eliminating dictator Kim Jong-un's nuclear and ballistic missile arsenals are slim to none. Heedlessly initiating any such conflict would be criminally irresponsible.
What's needed instead is a direct, concerted and open-ended effort to engage the North Korean government, as distasteful and difficult as that may be. Rather than waiting for Kim to show contrition, or attaching unrealistic preconditions to talks, the US should be using every diplomatic lever -- public and covert -- to block North Korea's progress toward a functioning, nuclear-armed ICBM, and to cap its nuclear and ballistic-missile arsenals.
The sanctions resolution offers such an opportunity. Bolstered by the breadth of support for that initiative, the US could remind the North that the world wants it to reenter the community of nations. The US should offer talks on that basis, without insisting at the outset that they must end in the full denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula. That's the correct long-term goal, to be sure, but it's unrealistic right now. Instead, the Trump administration needs a staged strategy that starts with confidence-building. The US has much to trade -- from economic assistance to various forms of diplomatic recognition -- and shouldn't disdain such incentives.
None of this is sure to work: With a regime like North Korea, there are no guarantees. Skeptics say the North will pocket concessions and keep developing its weapons. That's possible. The case for pressure plus talks isn't that it's bound to work, but that the alternative is worse.
The pressure can be increased -- not least by making the sanctions work better. Otherwise, the new measures may not shave a third off North Korea's export revenue, as hoped. The US also needs to deepen its intelligence-sharing and military cooperation with South Korea and Japan. The US and South Korea should keep trying to give North Koreans information from the outside world -- and keep reminding the world of the regime's human-rights violations.
To give all this the best chance of working, though, the White House will need something that doesn't come easily to Trump: message discipline. Granted, the bewildering range of positions coming out of Washington recently may have led China to support stronger sanctions for fear of what Trump might do otherwise -- but the so-called madman strategy has limits, especially when deployed to check a madman, and the US has reached them.
It's vital to leave Kim in no doubt that any use of their weapons would be suicide. But Trump's careless threats actually undercut US credibility, while obscuring its tentative offers of dialogue. Trump can hope to make real progress on North Korea -- but only if they can learn that sometimes it's best to shut up.
Editorial by Bloomberg
(Bloomberg)
Government report suggests people would accept higher fares for better 4G. Silicon suggests they wont
Three quarters of Silicon readers would not accept higher train fares for better mobile coverage despite a report form the Department for Transport (DfT) claiming commuters would pay up to a fifth more for enhanced 4G.
According to our poll, 9.1 percent of readers would pay more for faster speeds but 16.4 percent would shell out for better reliability.
However 74.5 percent say nothing would convince them to pay more for their ticket.
Rail mobile coverage
Better connectivity, more advanced devices and the adoption of cloud has made working on the go easier than ever but annual fare increases, poorer service and industrial action have made commuting an expensive ordeal.
And it seems that Silicon readers have had enough.
There are however a number of moves to improve connectivity on the UK's rail network.
A number of rail operators have introduced Wi-Fi services, but the government wants free wireless connectivity to be a condition of any future rail franchise bid, with a £50 million fund available to accelerate deployment.
Are cloud strategies more mature than they were 18 months ago? Yes
No
Don't know View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
EE is one mobile operator that has promised to improve cellular coverage along major train routes, but this can be made difficult because signals are more likely to bounce off carriages than penetrate them. Rival Three has suggested train operators should help foot the bill.
Transport for London (TfL) has confirmed that Crossrail will have in-tunnel 4G when services go live next year. Cellular coverage is still absent from the London Underground however.
Quiz: What do you know about 4G?
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. — The running game has been an important factor in the Miami-Florida State series.
In the past 30 meetings between the Sunshine State rivals, the team with the most rushing yards has won 22 times. It will likely be a determining factor again on Saturday when the 13th-ranked Hurricanes visit the Seminoles.
Miami's Mark Walton leads the Atlantic Coast Conference in rushing yards per game, averaging 134.3. Florida State's duo of Jacques Patrick and Cam Akers combined for 178 yards last week as the Seminoles got their first win at Wake Forest .
Walton, a 5-foot-9, 205-pound junior, has been somewhat limited due to an ankle injury that they suffered in the Sept. 23 win over Toledo. They were held to 51 rushing yards in last week's win at Duke but did have four receptions for 79 yards.
Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher said Walton is as good as any back they will face this season.
"He's consistent and doesn't have many plays that go for negative yards," Fisher said. "Last week they did as much damage out of the backfield catching the ball. Our defence is going to be challenged."
The Seminoles (1-2, 1-1 ACC) will need more from their ground game in order to take the pressure off first-year student quarterback James Blackman. Patrick, who is also a junior, rushed for 120 yards and a touchdown at Wake, but more than half of their yards came on a 69-yard carry in the first quarter.
Akers, who was touted as one of the nation's top recruits last year, has been tentative at times and slow to see openings for big gains.
"Patrick is a big back, who runs hard, falls forward on contact, and Akers has quick feet and can run out of a tackle," Miami defensive co-ordinator Manny Diaz said. "We have to make sure that you are in your gap and fit all the responsibilities in their runs."
Florida State has a seven-game winning streak over Miami (3-0, 1-0), but the last three meetings have been decided by a total of 10 points. The game was originally scheduled for Sept. 16 but was pushed back due to Hurricane Irma.
Even today the speech of both the president and the prime minister, especially the latter, on the occasion of Independence Day, is an important part of the news cycle. Photo: HT
New Delhi: Bipartisan and defender of the Constitution—these are probably the first descriptors that come to mind when one talks about the President in India. So it is safe to assume that when the President addresses the nation—especially ahead of Independence Day and Republic Day—he will focus on larger issues pertaining to national identity, the social and cultural fabric of the country, and threats the country may be facing at the time.
The late A.P.J. Abdul Kalam was President a decade ago when India celebrated their 60th Independence Day. They delivered a speech built around the theme of India as a developed nation by 2020.
On the eve of the 70th anniversary of India's independence, the new President, Ram Nath Kovind, will address the nation on Monday evening. Their speech comes as the country grapples with an avoidable public health tragedy in Gorakhpur and increasing polarization.
On Tuesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi will deliver their Independence Day speech from the ramparts of the Red Fort.
Modi has delivered three popularly acclaimed Independence Day speeches, although the gold standard for such speeches remains the one delivered by the country's first prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru at midnight on 14 August 1947.
“A good Independence Day speech should have a vision for the country, a vision for the current political scenario, concrete and general points woven in with storytelling. There needs to be familiarity, language which is not technocratic and it should be honest,” explains sociologist Shiv Vishvanathan. There cannot be any rabble-rousing and there shouldn't be any political point-scoring. “It's very important that the speech has passion; it shouldn't simply be read out,” they add.
Even today the speeches of both the president and the prime minister, especially the latter, on the occasion of Independence Day, are an important part of the news cycle. For instance, in their first Independence Day speech, Prime Minister Modi chose to talk about the girl child, the importance of raising our boys right and the how cleanliness was the need of the hour.
“President Pranab Mukherjee's speeches always touched upon the larger picture which was the Constitution, the strength of the process, the issues that can negatively impact independence and freedom of people. And then there was the second aspect , issues that were relevant at that particular point in time. Issues that needed to be addressed from a national point of view,” says Thomas Mathew, additional secretary to former President Mukherjee. For instance, in 2013, President Mukherjee spoke about the need to reset the moral compass of society. This was in response to the December 2012 gang rape in Delhi.
“An occasion speech is a political document for public broadcast. The first speech by Nehru was in fact meant for archival purposes,” says political scientist Pushpesh Pant.
But more than such “occasion speeches”, it is “political speeches on the campaign trail” or in Parliament that sometimes give rise to iconic slogans, they add.
“Chalo Dilli, Gareebi hatao... all these are phrases that came from political speeches; they have remained in our minds,” they add.
Historically, speeches delivered in Hindi or other regional languages have usually had more impact than those in English.
It is also difficult today for a political speech to occupy the same kind of mind space or enjoy the same kind of importance that it did till even a decade ago. Speeches today have to compete with tweets, memes, and Facebook posts. Prime Minister Modi is hailed as a great orator but even with him, it's tough to find a speech that has resonated to the extent some speeches of the past have. All eyes are on President Kovind and their first address to the nation.
LONDON — England winger Anthony Watson is set to miss the tour of South Africa in June after being ruled out for the rest of the season with a left Achilles injury.
Watson was hurt in a tackle in the first half of England's 24-15 loss to Ireland on Saturday, the final day of the Six Nations.
Watson, who underwent rehabilitation work on another Achilles injury last year, had only just displaced Mike Brown as England's fullback. They have 15 tries in 33 tests.
By The Associated Press
By The Associated Press
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) — Environmental experts in Nebraska say transmission lines to power pumping stations for the planned Keystone XL pipeline would threaten endangered whooping cranes.
Representatives from environmental groups, including the Sierra Club and Bold Nebraska, submitted written testimony on Monday to the Nebraska Public Service Commission, saying they object to the $8 billion pipeline's impact on natural resources.
The commission regulates the 275-mile pipeline route through Nebraska.
“We need to reduce the threats to this magnificent bird, not increase them,” said bird expert Paul Johnsgard, a retired biology professor from the University of Nebraska-Lincoln.
Advertisement
Johnsgard said the preferred route of the pipeline would mean nearly 70 miles (110 kilometers) of new power lines in the state would pass through migration areas where whooping cranes roost and feed. They said that increases the risk of bird deaths from collisions.
“Of all the known threats to whooping cranes, collisions with power lines are the primary cause of mortality,” they said.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service recently estimated that there are fewer than 350 whooping cranes left.
“The loss of even a few, and even one, breeding adult could jeopardize the continued existence of this protected species,” Johnsgard said.
Pipeline developer TransCanada said it'll review comments but that the route doesn't cross critical habitat for whooping cranes. It said it plans to create a conservation plan following the federal Migratory Bird Treaty Act, which aims to protect migrating birds.
Environmental scientist Thomas Hayes recommended the route be rejected or at least shifted east, where there are fewer stream crossings and fewer miles of porous soils.
TransCanada has until July 17 to offer written rebuttals to submitted testimony. The Public Service Commission will hold a hearing on the pipeline in August.
As tens of thousands of the world's top security pros gather at RSA Conference 2017 they are being called upon to watch out for a new threat: their own data.
By corrupting data that is used for making decisions, attackers can cause all kinds of problems, says Chris Young, general manager of Intel Security. “Now data is manipulated and used against us to affect the decisions we make,” they say.
They call this corruption “data landmines,” which when factored into decision making, can result in bad choices, missed opportunities and economic losses.
They say stolen and manipulated data combined to disrupt the 2016 presidential election, for example, and the consequences of similar manipulations could be high for businesses whose big-data analysis is undermined by altered small data that makes it up. With inaccurate input to draw on, the outcomes will be faulty, they say.
“We need to pay attention to small data used in models or it can be turned into a weapon,” they say.
Another new attack surface is home networks, they say. These largely insecure networks that include internet of things devices such as DVRs and security cameras can be compromised and used as weapons, as in the case of the gigantic Mirai botnet attack last year.
+ ALSO AT RSA: Hot products at RSA 2017 +
But because more and more people work from home, these networks become a threat to the corporate networks employees connect to, Young says. “Is the home taken into account when we design cybersecurity architectures? We need to make sure the internet of things doesn't become the internet of terrorism.”
They say the problems are large and cooperation among security pros is needed to address them. “None of us can go it alone.”
Microsoft President Brad Smith, another RSAC keynoter, takes this one step further, calling on the technology community to band together as “a digital Switzerland” to protect civilian cyber assets from the acts of criminals and nations trying to exploit them.
They say the community should commit to principles similar to those adopted by the International Committee of the Red Cross in its defense of civilians in war-torn areas.
In the cyber realm, these should include:
Focusing solely on defense; no offensive activities;
Collaborating to respond to attacks;
Assist and protect all customers everywhere;
Refusing to attack civilians anywhere, regardless of who asks.
A digital Geneva Conventions should pledge no attacks on the private sector and no attacks on civil infrastructure including power grids, water supplies and political institutions.
Further, governments should not stockpile software vulnerabilities to use as weapons rather than disclosing them so they can be patched, Smith says.
Countries should form an international agency similar to the International Committee of the Red Cross only for cyber issues. Made up of respected members of private, public and academic institutions, it should monitor nation-state attacks and seek to attribute them to the perpetrators.
They say cooperation among all players is essential and that corporate pride shouldn't interfere. They cited cooperation last year among Microsoft, Google and Facebook to fight dissemination of terrorist propaganda online.
“Governments need national and global IT infrastructure it can trust,” Smith says, and this tech organization needs to restore that trust.
The burden should fall to private security practitioners, not governments, they say. “Cyberspace is us. It's owned and operated by the private sector… Nation-state hacking in times of war has evolved into attacks on civilians in times of peace,” they say. When the internet is attacked by nation-sponsored actors, it's almost always against private assets, they say. “We are the world's first responders.”
They also call on governments to sign agreements about what is acceptable in cyber conflict, just as the 4th Geneva Convention in 1949 spelled out protection of civilians in times of physical war.
They cited the U.S.-China agreement last fall that they would no longer use cyber espionage for gaining economic advantage through stolen corporate secrets. The agreement was later endorsed by the G20.
Smith called for using the tech industry as an example of the good that can come of inclusive societies that tap the talents of everyone regardless of their nationality. They say Microsoft has employees from 151 countries. “Let's use that inspiration and build on what we share with each other,” they say, “and show the world what we can be when we are our best.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A horrified dad whose young son was sent sick messages from perverts playing hit online game Roblox is warning other parents of the danger to their children.
Iain Morrison, a former Hull Kingston Rovers rugby league star, said their lad received 'sickening' questions and was urged to perform sex acts in 'virtual bedrooms' in the social gaming platform.
The 33-year-old was shocked to see the messages pop up within 15 minutes of starting up their son's iPad when they decided to investigate the 'seemingly innocent' game.
They said the multi-player game - dubbed the new Minecraft and aimed at youngsters aged between eight and 12 - is being used by perverts looking to meet young children. Roblox is described as an "immersive" game that allows players to take on a character and tour around a number of 3D sets.
(Photo: Hull Daily Mail)
The father, from East Yorkshire, has now deleted the app from both their sons' iPads and shared a post on Facebook urging others to do the same.
A local school has also warned parents about the game, reports the Hull Daily Mail .
Iain said: "I just had it in my head that I needed to ask the boys if they were playing on this Roblox game after reading about it online.
"They said they had it so I've said: 'Let me have a look at it.'
(Photo: Hull Daily Mail)
"From the outlook it looks completely fine, you can go into different rooms, and in the first room I wasn't sent anything untoward.
"Then I went in this water slide room with a pool and immediately was propositioned.
"They said: 'Hi' so I said 'hi' and they asked if I was a boy or girl and my age, so I said I was an eight-year-old boy.
"They asked me to follow them to their house, then into the bedroom and asked me to lay down on top of them and then they started with the sexual movements.
"They said 'you look cute' and 'you look sexy'.
"It was just sickening reading all the comments pop up. My kids were completely oblivious as to what the words and stuff meant."
(Photo: Hull Daily Mail)
They added: "I can imagine if I didn't watch and they kept going back to the same rooms and chatting to the same people it could be so easy for them to take it further.
"I 110 per cent think it would be so easy for these people to use the game to groom kids. It made my guts turn. They were talking in code but it was as clear as day to see."
Their Facebook post has been met with mixed reactions, with many parents thanking them for the warning, but others accused them of scaremongering.
Iain, who runs fitness bootcamps, said: "This isn't something I've seen on Facebook and copied and pasted.
"This is something I've seen with my own eyes. It's literally turned my stomach.
"I spoke to more than one of the weirdos within 15 minutes, if there's one or 50 on there I couldn't care less, that's one too many.
"It was honestly disgusting, it's better to be safe than sorry. I've contacted everyone I can to tell them, people are sick of me talking about it.
"There is nothing to stop adults going on there and pretending they're kids. They said they were children, but they certainly weren't, some of the usernames are also very sexual.
"The problem is my children have easily downloaded it and so I just wonder how many more kids there are out there playing it with their parents unaware.
"If you don't believe me, sit on it for 15 minutes yourself and take a look. It's messed up. It's disgusting how this isn't being monitored and stopped. I could be going over the top, but it wasn't right."
Schools across Hull and the East Riding have also issued warnings to parents over the game.
Springhead Primary School in Willerby, Hull, shared a warning on Facebook reading: "If your child is playing this game unsupervised and chatting online, please be aware - they may think they are chatting to other children, however the content of the 'chat' suggests it is adults. It may be worth deleting it off their device."
On its website, Roblox says it has 44 million users and more than 22 million different games which people around the world can take part in.
Humberside Police said it was important for parents to be aware of what sites their children are using.
Detective Inspector Rich Osgerby said: "The best advice is for parents to have a conversation with their kids around security settings, friending and only joining chats or parties with people who they know from school, for example.
"Parents can't afford to be complacent but sometimes they just don't have the knowledge to advise them. There is some good internet safety advice for parents on get safe online."
Makers of Roblox have been contacted for comment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England wicket-keeper Jonny Bairstow has opened up about their father's suicide when they were just eight.
Bairstow has followed in their father David's footsteps, turning out for Yorkshire and England.
Their ascension into the international fold came after a particularly tough childhood and Bairstow has opened up in their emotional new book, A Clear Blue Sky.
At the age of 46, Bairstow Snr took their own life at a time when wife Janet was suffering from the first of two bouts of cancer.
The England star had been training with Leeds United when they returned home to discover the devastating news.
"No one knows why they did it and and no one ever will. There's no point questioning it every single day because if you do that it will bring you down," they told the Mail.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: PA)
Bairstow was barely out of nappies when their dad hung up their bat after an impressive career.
Despite not being taught by their David, they are regularly told of the similarities between the pair's styles on and off the pitch.
"I've learnt a lot about Dad from going around the world and listening to other people. Whether I've been in Australia, the Caribbean, Leeds, Scarborough or London there's always someone who's got a story about him," they added.
"You always get those comparisons. I even got them when I was playing football for Leeds because Dad used to play for Bradford. Then there were comparisons in cricket because I batted a certain way. It's something that comes with the territory."
(Image: Getty Images)
Bairstow's mother Janet has now battled bravely against cancer twice - with the cricketer discovering the "hellishly tough" news of its return while on tour in India.
They aren't initially told as their mum didn't want their performance to be affected.
Bairstow said: "You hear the word cancer and you don't know how bad it is. Knowing mum had been through it the first time and how bad it was then, finding out it wasn't as bad was reassuring."
BOSTON -- Boston Celtics guard Marcus Smart has already issued an apology to their teammates for slashing their hand while striking a picture frame in their hotel room last week. They should now deliver a thank-you note and bake their teammates cupcakes if they want. Though their self-sabotage helped pin their team in a terrible situation over the last two games, the shorthanded Celtics dropkicked the New York Knicks on Wednesday before rolling over the Atlanta Hawks two nights later.
Smart should send flowers to Terry Rozier, who has played the two best games of their career as a starter, and buy a watch for Al Horford, whose ability to shift to point guard helped Boston avoid a hiccup over the last couple of games. Smart should consider planting a kiss on Brad Stevens' forehead after the head coach first diffused the drama then helped the Celtics win two straight games with exactly one healthy point guard on their roster (not including Kadeem Allen, a two-way contract player, who actually received real minutes Friday night).
Imagine if the Celtics had lost to the Knicks and Hawks back to back. Smart would have gotten crushed for injuring themselves immediately before their team went through a rash of backcourt injuries. They couldn't control Kyrie Irving's right quad contusion or Shane Larkin's sore knee, but didn't need to brawl an inanimate object to compound the Celtics' health issues.
Man, Smart should be grateful their team pulled out wins against the Knicks and Hawks. Partly because of their boneheaded decision, Stevens felt forced to unleash Horford, a big man, as a part-time point guard. The Celtics experimented with wings Marcus Morris and Jaylen Brown at the position, too. They even turned to Allen, who was in the G League earlier this week, for first-quarter minutes against the Knicks. It all worked. But if it hadn't, the mess would have been on Smart's hands. More specifically, the right (shooting) hand they used to attack a hotel room accessory.
The Celtics didn't need to treat Smart well after they temporarily snapped in that hotel room, but they did. Stevens called themselves "disappointed" in the guard, but, per usual, refused to add any gasoline to the fire.
"It's not like something that is a once-a-month thing or a once-every-three-months thing," Stevens said. "It's only happened a couple of times. Obviously, he's a very passionate person and didn't handle their emotions correctly. That's something that we'll talk about more with them and go from there."
Horford went further to back their teammate.
"It's unfortunate to see that," they said. "Marcus is a teammate that i have a lot of respect for and I'm going to stand by him. Whatever the decision was, they made a bad decision. As a group, we're going to support them and I hope that they get well."
In a Twitter apology, Smart called themselves "embarrassed" and "disappointed" in their actions. They said they felt they let their team down.
Nobody from the Celtics lit into Smart publicly. Nobody inflamed the situation. And even after Irving bruised their quad against the Denver Nuggets, the Celtics kept winning. Horford has averaged 15.5 points, 7.5 rebounds and six assists in the two games since Irving went down. Jayson Tatum, who established a career high with 27 points against Atlanta, has teamed with Jaylen Brown to provide efficient, productive two-way play. Rozier followed up a triple-double in their first start with a career-high 31 points in their second.
All that came against the Knicks and Hawks, but still. Everyone's talking about Rozier instead of dwelling on Smart's misguided decision to box some glass.
"He's come a long way," Horford said of Rozier. "I was always just impressed with their ability. A lot of the time, you don't know if that's gonna translate. For him, the more that we've played them - doesn't matter what position we put them in - they just keeps learning and growing and he's playing the right way. He's playing aggressive. What I like most about them is that they commit on the defensive end, rebounds great. I've just been happy to see their progress. He's gonna continue to get better."
Added Stevens: "He's a really good player, and he's gotten better. He's playing very confidently."
Again, Rozier's success came against the Knicks and Hawks. But considering all the injuries, those are the type of wins Boston could remember later in the season while trying to hold onto homecourt advantage throughout the Eastern Conference playoffs.
Irving, Larkin and Morris could return as early as Sunday. The Celtics may have already escaped their great ball-handling famine, no thanks to Smart.
New survey says one-fifth of respondents are even changing up their summer plans
Two-thirds of British Columbians say the high gas prices are making them change their habits, according to a new poll released Wednesday
Prices at the pump have been hovering around 160 cents a litre for weeks now, and show no signs of dropping.
Nearly half of those surveyed by by Insights West said they've reduced the number of times they use the car and 38 per cent said they've reduced the distance they're driving.
And it's not just driving: one-third of respondents said they've cut how much they spend on entertainment and food to cover higher fuel costs.
READ MORE: Are B.C.'s gas prices enough to keep you from travelling May long weekend?
READ MORE: How will Ottawa finish a pipeline Kinder Morgan couldn't?
More than half told pollsters they thought gas prices were a “very serious” concern.
Many British Columbians were pessimistic about the ever-increasing gas expense. Forty-three per cent said they thought higher prices were the new normal and almost three-quarters believed prices would be even higher by July.
It's even having an effect on summer plans: 20 per cent of people said they've changed their activities to rely less on cars.
Only three per cent said they've spoken to their MP or MLA on the issue.
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Would you dare try the 'world's the most dangerous ice cream' that is so hot, you have to sign a disclaimer to eat it?
A Glasgow cafe is dishing out scoops of the insanely spicy dessert, named Respiro Del Diavolo (Breath of the Devil) especially for Valentine's Day .
But the frozen treat is so spicy that customers must be 18 years of age and sign a legal waiver before it is handed over the counter.
The disclaimer says eating the ice cream "could be a risk of personal injury, illness & possible loss of life".
And staff at The Aldwych Caf even need to wear gloves when they dish out scoops.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
The handmade treat comes in at a whopping 1,569,300 SHU on the Scoville scale - a measurement of the pungency of chilli peppers,
It means the ice cream is 500 times hotter than Tabasco sauce.
The family business based on Paisley Road West, Cardonald, Glasgow , says the idea behind it comes from Italy.
Lee Bandoni, 38, brother of Caf owner Martin, told the Daily Record : "It started in Italy.
"There was a place called Devil's Bridge and with that, the Italian ice cream families used to meet up once a year and discuss how the year went for them.
"At that point, if there were any men that showed bravery then they would eat this ice cream. So, because of the Devil's Bridge, they called this the Breath of the Devil.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
"Every year it still happens over there and this year when Martin was away earlier in the month they brought back the idea that was passed down to him.
"The recipe is very secret, very few of us know it and when the time is right Martin's children will get to find out about it and they will go to Italy and learn the ins and outs of it."
The ice cream itself is a traditional Italian recipe from 1936 and is made from scratch every day using local ingredients and certain elements from Italy.
The brothers said they look forward to seeing what it will bring to the people across the country.
Lee added: "This is the first one in Scotland and we know that people in Glasgow love spicy stuff.
"We had to check with the standards agency to explain what was in it and explain that it is like a thermal nuclear explosion in your mouth.
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
"That took a bit of time to get it sorted but they were happy as long as we included a disclaimer.
"Our family in Italy see it as an honour to bring something like this here."
Martin Bandoni, 50, Aldwych Caf owner, said: "We wear gloves for protection, chilli can have different effects on the skin especially if you leave it for too long.
"Our ice cream is just a standard price just like the rest of our ice creams. It's £2 for a scoop in a tub and a cone is £1.90
"There's no premium to be paid for it, just a standard price. We wouldn't overcharge our customers.
"They call the flavour a cream spice but it's really a flavour sensation, it's almost to trick your brain, well that's the whole idea for it.
"I think everyone is different when they taste it because we hear various types of suggestions."
Lee added: "A lot of Italian guys go and have a romantic evening with their girlfriends or wives and they will have some this ice cream because it is a well-known fact that chilli is an aphrodisiac and it is nice with a glass of wine bubbling in your mouth.
"So we will sell it here until just after Valentine's Day, people should come try it."
MEXICO CITY (AP) - New President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador went to one of their most important meetings yet Tuesday by cruising through city traffic in a compact car with the windows down and no visible security detail, establishing a casual new style of leadership that has some expressing concerns for their safety in violence-wracked Mexico.
In place of police outriders, a half dozen television cameramen on motorcycles buzzed around Lopez Obrador's car en route to a meeting with outgoing President Enrique Pena Nieto at the National Palace in the heart of Mexico City.
"The people will protect me," Lopez Obrador told reporters who asked about the lack of security.
They suggested journalists would also cover their back, but jokingly complained that "I have been hit a few times by cameras" and they asked reporters: "Don't squash me."
Lopez Obrador met with Pena Nieto to discuss the transition for their taking office Dec. 1, hoping to ensure an orderly transfer of power after a heated and polarizing campaign.
Mexico's Foreign Relations Department, meanwhile, said U.S. Secretary of State Mike Pompeo will visit Mexico on July 13 to met with Lopez Obrador, the first high-level meeting with a leftist populist who has long denied accusations of being anti-American.
Lopez Obrador praised the Mexican team that has been leading talks under Pena Nieto to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
"I have the impression they haven't done a bad job," they said, though they also want their team to sit in on the talks.
The administration of President Donald Trump has demanded higher U.S. or regional content in key sectors like autos and a phase-out clause for the 1994 trade agreement.
Lopez Obrador also has been critical of NAFTA in the past and has suggested it include issues such as immigration.
Lopez Obrador said that they have already met with business people after their crushing victory in Sunday's election and that they planned a Tuesday night meeting on inviting international figures - including Pope Francis, rights activists and the United Nations - to help come up with a plan to solve Mexico's problem of soaring violent crime.
That violence was on many minds as television stations carried live images of Lopez Obrador weaving through Mexico City's notoriously chaotic traffic in the front passenger seat of a compact car that was at least five years old.
One television reporter on a motorcycle even interviewed Lopez Obrador briefly through the car's open window.
Lopez Obrador, 64, confirmed that they won't budge on their decision to forgo secret service protection. They said they will essentially dissolve Mexico's equivalent of the secret service back into the army, of which it is unit. They also vowed to sell off government airplanes and travel on commercial flights, where they usually go tourist class.
"He who fights for justice has nothing to fear," the president-elect said. "I do not want to have bodyguards."
Jose Antonio Crespo, a political analyst at Mexico's Center for Economic Research and Teaching, called it "an act of absolute irresponsibility."
"It is a little demagogic to say, 'I am just like anybody else, I have no privileges,' when they aren't just an average citizen, they are a head of state," Crespo said. "A good part of the country's stability and rule of law depend on their security and health."
"It is one of the things I would say is populist about him," Crespo said.
Polimnia Romana Sierra organized Lopez Obrador's six-member, all-female security detail when they served as Mexico City mayor from 2000 to 2006. They said the group, known as "gazelles," never acted as traditional bodyguards.
They said Lopez Obrador as mayor, and later during their first run as a presidential candidate in 2006, "never left anybody with an unshaken hand. They accepted everything" - all the gifts, food and religious amulets they were given by supporters.
It was hardly an ideal security setup, but Romana Sierra noted the group never had to draw their guns.
It seemed Lopez Obrador wanted the team there to protect them against the crush of adoring crowds or attempts to politically embarrass him, for example, by paying someone to confront them verbally.
But even Romana Sierra said that as president, Lopez Obrador should accept traditional security. "He not only should, they are obliged to."
"He is no longer Andres Manuel," said Romana Sierra. "He represents a whole nation."
A total of 145 politicians - most local figures - have been killed in Mexico since September.
Lopez Obrador was eager to call for national unity and praised Pena Nieto for not interfering in the campaign.
Photos showed the two men shaking hands and strolling the opulent halls of the colonial-era National Palace off the main square known as the Zocalo, the political and cultural heart of the country.
Lopez Obrador said they were entering the meeting with in a "conciliatory spirit" and they hope for "a transition for the benefit of everyone."
They won election Sunday in a landslide with about 53 percent of the votes against three competitors, after coming up short in two previous runs for the presidency.
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
'We are deeply fearful that the government's refusal to implement the Supreme Court order could escalate to unrest and incite violence across the country,' says the opposition
Published 9:20 PM, February 03, 2018
MALE, Maldives – Maldivian authorities on Saturday, February 3, announced an indefinite postponement of parliament as President Abdulla Yameen's regime resisted international pressure to comply with a landmark Supreme Court order to free political prisoners.
The People's Majlis, or parliament, told local reporters in a brief message that the assembly will not have its scheduled sessions on Monday "due to security reasons".
No fresh date was given for the sessions.
The move followed a shock order Thursday by the country's Supreme Court to release 9 political dissidents. It also restored the seats of 12 legislators who had been sacked for defecting from Yameen's party.
The reinstatement of the dozen legislators has given the opposition a majority in the 85-member assembly, and it can now potentially impeach Yameen as well as their cabinet.
The beleaguered president announced Saturday that they sacked police chief Ahmed Saudhee, who was appointed just two days ago. Their predecessor Ahmed Areef was fired on Thursday, shortly after they said they will honour the court's decision.
The main opposition Maldivian Democratic Party (MDP) said Yameen was yet to release any political prisoners.
"Although Yameen has said they will abide by the ruling, they are yet to comply with the order delivered more than 36 hours ago," Colombo-based MDP spokesperson Hamid Abdul Ghafoor said on Saturday morning.
The court had said that cases against the 9 dissidents, including MDP leader and former president Mohamed Nasheed, were politically motivated and asked the government to release them immediately.
In a statement issued overnight, the joint opposition, which includes Nasheed's MDP, said there were concerns the regime would ignore the ruling and that it would trigger further unrest in the nation of 340,000 Sunni Muslims.
" We are deeply fearful that the government's refusal to implement the Supreme Court order could escalate to unrest and incite violence across the country," the opposition said.
Nasheed, the country's first democratically-elected president, has urged the government to respect the top court's decision.
The United Nations, Australia, Britain, Canada, India and the United States welcomed the court's decision as a move towards restoring democracy in the politically troubled Indian Ocean nation.
Earlier, Nasheed had said the ruling cleared the way for them to return to the Maldives and contest elections due later this year.
"I can contest and will contest," they told Agence France-Presse in the Sri Lankan capital Colombo.
For its part, the Maldivian government said Friday that it had concerns about releasing those convicted for "terrorism, corruption, embezzlement, and treason".
Nasheed was barred from contesting any election in the Maldives after a controversial 2015 terrorism conviction internationally criticised as politically motivated.
The Maldives' popular image as an upmarket holiday paradise has been severely damaged by a major crackdown on dissent under Yameen, who has overseen the jailing of almost all their political opponents.
The opposition said there were sporadic clashes Friday night between anti-government activists and the police in the Maldives. – Rappler.com
LIFE&STYLE
Visitors visit Changdeokgung during a nighttime tour. (Cultural Heritage Administration)
The Joseon-era palace of Changdeokgung will be offering evening tours from Aug.31 to Nov. 5, the Cultural Heritage Administration said Monday.According to the state-run agency, the “Moonlight Tour at Changdeokgung Palace” commences at 8 p.m. and lasts about two hours.The tours will be held from Thursday to Sunday each week, and will be held twice a day on Oct.7, Oct.14 and Oct.21. On those days, the first tour will start at 7 p.m., and the second tour at 8:00 p.m.The tour will include a photo shoot with palace guards clad in traditional garments, performance of traditional music and tour of the palace grounds led by a tour guide. Tours will be provided in Korean, English, Chinese and Japanese.The tickets will be made available online at 2 p.m. Thursday at Interpark. Foreigners can book the tickets at http://ticket.interpark.com/Global.Due to limited space of the venue, up to 100 people can participate in each tour. One person can book up to two tickets.For the disabled and senior citizens aged 65 or older, 10 tickets per tour can be booked by phone.Tickets cost 30,000 won per person.Koreans can join the tour on Thursday, Friday and Saturday while foreigners can visit on Sundays.For more information on the tour, visit ( www.chf.or.kr ) or call (02) 2270-1243. For inquiry on tickets, call Interpark at 1544-1555.Changdeokgung, built in 1405, is the only Joseon period palace designated as part of UNESCO World Cultural Heritage. It was inscribed to the list in 1997.By Yoon Min-sik(minsikyoon@heraldcorp.com)
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up their specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where they work.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. They don't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, they acknowledge.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes themselves as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says they no longer recognizes their neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. They say bureaucrats keep telling them to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, they say.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though they only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Them work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even they have not applied for work permits for their Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," they say. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged their feet too. When they arrived four years ago, they thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," they say.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
They still dream of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. — Bills coach Sean McDermott says it's uncertain whether starting cornerback E.J. Gaines will play in Buffalo's game at Cincinnati on Sunday.
Gaines will be listed as questionable because of a groin injury.
In updating the status on other injured players, McDermott says he's "fairly confident" defensive end Shaq Lawson will return after missing one game with a groin injury.
As expected, starting receiver Jordan Matthews and starting linebacker Ramon Humber have been ruled out after both broke thumbs in a 23-17 win at Atlanta last weekend.
NBA Free Agency Round-Up: July 3 - Dwight Howard & Jeff Green to Wizards, OKC re-sign Raymond Felton
Yash Matange FOLLOW SENIOR ANALYST Feature 793 // 04 Jul 2018, 19:32 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Jeff Green and Dwight Howard
Unlike previous years, most of the major dominos in the 2018 Free Agency fell early, leaving fans with insignificant deals being announced even a day before the 4th of July.
The only real big-name player, which still has a lot of buzz around them is Kawhi Leonard who isn't even a free-agent. The players that agreed to contracts on July 3rd might be insignificant in the big picture but were quite important to the teams that signed them up to fill up roster spots. You might not see a round-up tomorrow given the July 4th holiday in the United States but before we let go off that, it's time to take a quick recap of all the deals agreed to on July 3rd.
On Day 3, it was the Washington Wizards which made key moves:
#1 Washington Wizards sign Dwight Howard and Jeff Green
Dwight Howard
In 2018-19, the Washington Wizards owe three players (John Wall, Bradley Beal and Otto Porter Jr.) $70 million while also needing to play $15 million to a non-contributing center in Ian Mahinmi. So it was key for them that whatever move they make, it does not hurt them financially. Well, their front office nailed that.
Giving out deals to Dwight Howard and Jeff Green.
Dwight Howard has finalized a buyout with the Brooklyn Nets and will sign a 1-year deal for the tax MLE with the Washington Wizards once they clear waivers, league sources tell The Athletic. — Jared Weiss (@JaredWeissNBA) July 3, 2018
Sources: Free agent Jeff Green has agreed to a one-year, $2.5M deal with the Washington Wizards. — Shams Charania (@ShamsCharania) July 3, 2018
While Howard will most likely be their starting center, replacing Marcin Gortat who the team traded to the LA Clippers prior to Free Agency. In turn, Jeff Green also proves to be a handy pickup given the price, as they only bolsters the team's wing and bench depth, something they were lacking in previous years.
Fit and financially, these moves meet the demand.
Two Pittsburg State University associate professors have been placed on paid leave amid an investigation into the illegal recording of a nude or partially clothed person.
The Pittsburg Morning Sun reports that police say the two suspects were arrested last week and released on bond. One is suspected of felony breach of privacy, and the other of misdemeanor stalking.
Police said in a news release that a warrant says the victim was identifiable in a video, which was disseminated.
Provost Lynette Olson said in a news release that the university takes the allegations “very seriously” and is working with law enforcement. Olson says the two associate professors have been placed on paid leave pending the outcome of an investigation.
TOHUNT180531 - Huntington Town officials will close a portion of the Long Island Rail Road parking garage in Huntington Station starting June 11 for a waterproofing project.
The town is waterproofing the second level of the concrete parking deck at the south parking garage. The work will include the three stairwells and construction to replace cove joints and new pavement markings. The work will include the western half of parking Level 2, including eight handicapped-accessible parking stalls, a portion of the Level 2 ramp, the ramp from Level 2 to Level 3 and all three stairwells from the ground level to the fifth level.
The garage will remain open for other traffic in areas unaffected. The work is expected to take four to six weeks.
× Second baby eaglet expected to be born soon on live webcam
WASHINGTON, D.C. – Eager eagle watchers are waiting for a second baby eaglet to be born on the Live Earth Conservation Corps webcam.
The first eaglet belongs to parent Liberty and Justice. The pair has lived in a tree on the grounds of the Washington D.C. Police Academy for a decade.
The new hatchling's name is Spirit.
You can watch the new hatchling emerge from its egg at EagleCam.org.
A man is in the hospital after police found them unconscious and beaten up outside a Rochester bar.
According to the Rochester Police, a 27-year-old man was found face down outside Dooley's bar around 3 Monday morning. The victim was unresponsive and unconscious after officers said they were punched, knocked out and stomped on. Emergency crews took the victim to St. Marys where they suffered from a brain bleed, broken rib and head contusions. Officers said they were also robbed of their wallet.
During the investigation, officers were able to get a lead from witnesses and surveillance videos. The lead helped them stop a vehicle in the 3100 block of Oxford Lane NW and arrest the two inside. One of the arrested was 23-year-old Najib Ahmed, of Rochester. The other person was a 16-year-old.
Both of them face 1st Degree Assault and Robbery charges.
RPD also said the investigation remains open because there could be more suspects involved.
The Peterborough OK Tire Minor Mosquito Tigers defeated host Ajax 27-10 on June 26.
Hayden Addison, Aiden Temple and Jack Davies all went 3-for-4 at bat. Davies had to double.
In an earlier match, the Tigers lost at home to Ajax's number one team 5-4. Evan Healey and Teagan Hartnett were 2-for-3 at the plate.
MADRID — Former Chelsea and Real Madrid defender Ricardo Carvalho has been convicted of tax fraud in Spain.
Although they will not have to spend any time in jail, the 39-year-old Carvalho was sentenced to seven months in prison and fined almost 143,000 euros ($168,000) for irregularities committed against tax authorities in the fiscal years of 2011 and 2012.
The Spanish court says Carvalho admitted to the irregularities during the trial. They will not have to go to prison because sentences of less than two years for first-time offenders can be suspended.
The veteran Portugal defender moved from Chelsea to Real Madrid in 2010. They played with the Spanish club until 2013.
Salah won't be out longer than 3 weeks, Egypt's FA says
Salah won't be out longer than 3 weeks, Egypt's FA says
Associated Press NEWS News 30 May 2018, 23:17 IST 111 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
VALENCIA, Spain (AP) — The Egyptian Football Federation says Mohamed Salah's shoulder injury will not keep them out for longer than three weeks, meaning they should be fit to play at least some part in the country's World Cup campaign.
The Liverpool forward was injured in the first half of Saturday's Champions League final against Real Madrid and left the field in tears. Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said after the game that Salah's World Cup campaign was in jeopardy but the EFA gave an optimistic update on Wednesday after its president Hani Abu Reda, national team coach Hector Cuper and doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela met with the forward in Valencia, where the 25-year-old is undergoing treatment and rehabilitation.
A post on the federation's Facebook page said that "the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks."
That could still rule them out of Egypt's opening World Cup match on June 15 against Uruguay, with their second against hosts Russia coming four days later.
But if they miss those games, they could play in Egypt's final group match against Saudi Arabia on June 25.
News Brief: Outlook For Alabama, California Fires, Honduras Election As voters in Alabama prepare to elect a new senator, we look at the potential consequences. Also, an update on fires in California and the contested election in Honduras.
DENVER — Robert Church had a hat trick and added three assists to lead the Saskatchewan Rush past the Colorado Mammoth 13-10 on Friday in National Lacrosse League action.
Ben McIntosh and Matthew Dinsdale had a pair of goals and two assists each for Saskatchewan (6-1), which scored three unanswered goals in the fourth quarter. Ryan Keenan had four goals and an assist, while Matt Hossack and Chris Corbeil added singles.
Evan Kirk made 39 saves for the win.
Stephen Keogh led Colorado (4-2) with three goals and three assists. Ryan Benesch had a hat trick and two assists and Jacob Ruest scored and tacked on four assists. Zack Greer, Joey Cupido and Eli McLaughlin had goals as well.
Pure Garcinia Cambogia Or not you might be allergic to any of the ingredients. It is usually essential to see if any of the ingredients in your most well-liked weight loss capsule are dangerous or if they have been recalled. The perfect ways to search out out this data is by consulting .
http://www.optimumabs.com/pure-garcinia-cambogia/
TNA News: Bachelor party announced for this week's Impact Wrestling
What does Mike Bennett have in store for Braxton Sutter?
by Harald Math News 15 Feb 2017, 19:44 IST
Things are about to get interesting for Braxton Sutter
What's the story?
Earlier in the week, TNA Wrestling announced on its official Twitter account that a Bachelor Party for Braxton Sutter will take place on this week's episode of Impact Wrestling. The tweet stated that ‘The Miracle' Mike Bennett would be the man in charge of proceedings one week before Sutter gets married to Laurel Van Ness.
One would assume that the Bachelor's Party will be full of hi-jinks and drama, if not high on actual quality content.
In case you didn't know...
Braxton Sutter is the TNA persona of former independent wrestling standout Pepper Parks, who is best known for their appearances in CZW. Sutter became involved in the business of Mike Bennett and wife Maria at the beginning of this year via their real-life wife and former TNA Knockout's Champion Allie, and after defeating Bennett Sutter was blackmailed by Maria to break things off with Allie.
This all led to Sutter proposing to Laurel Van Ness.
The heart of the matter
Professional wrestling weddings almost never manage to go through without incident, and the marriage of Sutter and Von Ness promises to be no different in this regard. Allie has been abused and humiliated by Maria and Bennett on so many occasions, that it is almost unthinkable that they will not be involved in the wedding in some shape or form.
Before the wedding, we have the Bachelor party, however, which will more than likely include some harsh truths and shocking secrets revealed. These things are rather predictable after all.
What's next?
The Bachelor party will air this Thursday with the wedding following one week after. If in two week's time Braxton Sutter and Laurel Van Ness are a happily married couple then something will have gone horribly wrong.
Either way, Bennett has long proven themselves more than adept at portraying a complete slime-ball, a trait that should serve them well in a segment involving a Bachelor's Party.
Sportskeeda's take
With Dixie Carter no longer in the equation, we were among the many hoping that TNA would be able to turn over a new leaf and leave the contrived soap opera storylines behind, in favour of the quality professional wrestling that got it noticed in the first place.
The announcement of a Bachelor Party would suggest that our hopes will lead only to disappointment, although we will wait until the party has aired before making a final judgment. The performers in the storyline deserve more, however, so here's hoping it all leads to good things for Sutter, Bennett and Allie in particular.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Democrats Push For Internal Documents On 2020 Census Citizenship Question
Enlarge this image toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images Win McNamee/Getty Images
Democratic lawmakers are calling for a subpoena to force the U.S. Census Bureau and Commerce Department to release internal documents about the decision to add a controversial citizenship question to forms for the upcoming national headcount.
The request comes two weeks before a congressional oversight hearing on the 2020 census.
"We believe these documents are critical for our Committee," write all 18 Democrats on the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee in a letter to its chairperson, Republican Rep. Trey Gowdy of South Carolina, "to understand the concerns raised internally by career experts at the Census Bureau itself about the dangers of adding this untested new citizenship question to the census — as well as why the Trump Administration disregarded these concerns."
The U.S. Census Bureau is part of the Commerce Department.
A Commerce Department spokesperson has previously told NPR the documents will not be released until after the May 8 hearing. The agency is preparing to release them publicly after its attorneys file them later next month at the federal courts that are hearing the lawsuits against the citizenship question.
Sen. Kamala Harris of California and other Democrats on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, which has oversight of the U.S. Census Bureau, have previously made requests for these documents. NPR has filed Freedom of Information Act requests for them as well.
Gowdy's communications director, Amanda Gonzalez told NPR Tuesday morning that they are "not aware" of the Democrats' letter. "I don't believe the committee has received it yet," they said, referring to the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee.
Previously, Gonzalez has declined to comment on whether a subpoena would be issued for the documents to be released in time for the hearing.
The Democrats' letter notes that regardless of the legal fight over the citizenship question, members of Congress have "an independent responsibility under the Constitution to conduct oversight of the census."
Democratic lawmakers — including the House oversight committee's top Democrat, Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland — have been raising concerns about the citizenship question since it was first announced by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross in late March.
Ross approved a last-minute request to add a citizenship question from the Justice Department. The DOJ says the question is needed to get a better count of voting-age citizens in order to enforce the Voting Rights Act's provisions against voting discrimination of racial and language minority groups. Since the civil rights law was enacted in 1965, the DOJ has relied on estimates of U.S. citizens rather than official counts by the census. Those who have criticized the addition of the citizenship question say those estimates are adequate.
The data are used for reapportioning seats in Congress, drawing legislative districts and distributing an estimated $800 billion a year in federal funding.
Cummings and other Democrats have cited research by the Census Bureau suggesting that asking about citizenship could discourage immigrants and communities of color from participating in the census — a national headcount of every person living in the U.S. required by the Constitution every 10 years.
(Yonhap)
South Korea's exports jumped 72.8 percent from a year earlier in the first 10 days of this month, the latest customs data showed, continuing an upward trend since November.The on-year growth in the country's outbound shipments accelerated from 2.5 percent in November to 6.4 percent in December and 11.2 percent last month.Attributed partly to a base effect reflecting underperformances the year before, the recent stretch of increase should be good news for trade officials here, who have been striving to boost exports to offset the negative impact of weak domestic demand on the country's economic growth.What complicates their efforts to ramp up exports is the need to reduce the country's trade surplus with the US and manage its current account surplus at an appropriate level in order to avoid being hit by protectionist actions under President Donald Trump's administration.According to the US Commerce Department, the world's largest economy suffered a trade deficit of $502.3 billion in 2016, the highest in four years. The figure is likely to play into Trump's anti-trade narrative.Korea's trade surplus with the US amounted to $23.2 billion last year, accounting for more than a quarter of its overall surplus, showed figures from the Korea International Trade Association.The country saw its trade surplus with the US hovering above $20 billion for four consecutive years since 2013.Korea's exports to the US fell 1.8 percent from a year earlier in January. This modest decrease stemmed from temporary factors, such as a halting of the production of a Samsung smartphone prone to catching fire, rather than significant changes in the bilateral commerce conditions.Experts here say Korea needs to make pre-emptive efforts to prevent the trade imbalance from prompting the Trump administration to designate it as a currency manipulator and push for a renegotiation of a bilateral free trade pact that came into force in 2012.The Trump administration has not yet pointed the finger at Korea while blaming China, Japan and Germany for devaluing their currencies to gain profits from trade with the US.But Korea is in no position to be sure it will not be branded as a currency manipulator when the US Treasury Department issues a biannual report on foreign currency policies in April.The country was placed on the Treasury Department's monitoring list in October last year, meeting two of the three standards for being labeled a currency manipulator -- a trade surplus with the US above $20 billion and a current account surplus exceeding 3 percent of the gross domestic product.The appreciation of the won in the wake of being designated a currency manipulator would not only hurt Korea's exports but also destabilize its financial markets.Korean trade officials have tried to bring US attention to the mutual benefits that have been reaped from the bilateral free trade accord. A possible renegotiation could also serve as an occasion to upgrade the pact, based on the accurate assessment of its achievement, some experts say.But it may still be hard for Korea's position to be persuasive unless substantive measures are taken to reduce the large trade gap between the two sides. The US' share of Korea's trade surplus at 26 percent in 2016 is disproportionately large, considering Korean companies depend on the US market for less than 14 percent of their exports.Experts suggest increasing imports of US shale oil as an effective way to redress the trade imbalance.“The government needs to be more active on increasing energy imports from the US as a strategic option for easing pressure from the Trump administration,” said Kim Jae-kyung, a researcher at the Korea Energy Economics Institute.The state-run Korea Gas Corp. plans to import 2.8 million tons of shale gas from the US annually over the coming 20 years. In addition, two local energy companies are preparing to import a combined 2.8 million tons of shale gas starting from 2019. With the planned imports, Korea will import about 20 percent of its annual liquefied natural gas supply, at 30 million tons, from the US.Importing an additional 1 million tons of shale gas would help reduce Korea's trade surplus with the US below $20 billion, experts note. In this regard, speculation has been raised that KOGAS will replace a contract with Brunei with a deal with the US when it expires next year.Korea has relied on the Middle East and Southeast Asian countries for most of its LNG imports. By country, Qatar accounted for 36.6 percent of Korea's LNG imports during the third quarter of last year, followed by Australia at 15.2 percent, Oman at 15.1 percent, Malaysia at 11.4 percent and Brunei at 4.8 percent.Along with increasing shale gas imports from the US, the government needs to shift its energy policy to enhancing the use of LNG and renewable energies in power generation and eliminate regulations that ban private companies from selling gas imported by them in the domestic market, experts note.By Kim Kyung-ho (khkim@heraldcorp.com)
TORONTO -- Red Sox's Xander Bogaerts (ankle) will play 5 innings at shortstop and take three at-bats for Triple-A Pawtucket today in the first of two rehab games.
Bogaerts also is scheduled to play for Pawtucket tomorrow weather permitting.
The Red Sox shortstop suffered a small crack in the talus bone in their left ankle April 8.
"Seems like the weather is not going to cooperate (tomorrow)," Red Sox manager Alex Cora said, adding the forecast also calls for rain in Hartford, Conn., where Double-A affiliate Portland will play tomorrow.
Bogaerts worked out here at Rogers Centre yesterday.
"He took grounders," Cora said. "Very aggressive. Turned double plays. They did everything out there. And it looks like he's good to go. We'll see how reacts after the game tonight and then we'll make a decision."
Bogaerts is expected to be activated from the disabled list Friday. That won't necessarily change even if tomorrow's game gets rained out.
"As long as he's comfortable with it," Cora said. "His worry, like I said, is defensively. It's not offense. ... Defensively, there's a lot of stuff that goes (on) out there. You can't do it just taking ground balls. As long as they feel good defensively, we'll be fine with it."
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's famously been a tricky show for some celebrities to negotiate, with a number of high-profile relationships breaking under the scrutiny and pressure it generates.
But one couple who don't seem to be afraid of the Strictly Come Dancing curse are Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes, who couldn't help but laugh and joke about their marriage hitting headlines when Ruth appears on the next series of the show.
Drifting onto the subject during Monday's This Morning, the presenting couple had a giggle about the 'curse' - though Eamon slightly less - when they discovered he'd have to give up their Saturday nights to support their wife.
(Image: ITV)
As the couple dropped in to talking about Ruth's new smooth-moving adventure, Eamonn petulantly asked if they had to attend the show's dance-off every week.
"Do I have to be in the audience every week?" they whined, before their wife put them firmly in their place, telling him: "Yes! Stop asking that!"
Something which led Eamonn to joke: "If I don't turn up they'll all go, 'the curse of strictly has struck!'"
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Finding the thought amusing, Ruth added: "Don't ever leave your wedding ring off either, like leave it on the side of the basin, because you'll be seen without your wedding ring."
Eamonn got a big giggle out of their wife when they confused some of the male dancer's whilst joking: "Ruth and Oliaff, or Victor or whatever are getting close!"
(Image: ITV)
It comes after last week's announcement, which saw Ruth named as the third celeb taking part in this year's edition of Strictly.
Other names announced so far include Holby's Joe Mcfadden, pop star Mollie King, and EastEnders' Davood Ghadami.
As the New England Patriots take on the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl LII, a storm system could bring rain to the coast and snow inland Sunday into Monday.
The National Weather Service says there is still some uncertainty about how far inland the rain and snow line will be.
Saturday night, southern New England will be squeezed between departing high pressure to the southeast and a low pressure moving into the Great Lakes. That will push warmer air toward Massachusetts, especially for Super Bowl Sunday, according to the weather service.
The chance of light snow increases late Saturday night into mid-morning on Sunday, the National Weather Service said.
But, much of the region will have little to no snow accumulation. Northwest Massachusetts will see the greatest risk for any snow accumulation beyond a dusting.
Rain is likely to begin in the afternoon and evening on Sunday, as temperatures are expected to rise above freezing, the weather service said.
Despite the precipitation Sunday night, Monday is expected to be dry, but seasonal.
BUSINESS
South Korean petrochemicals producer Kumho Petrochemical said Monday it has filed a lawsuit against the US government over the high anti-dumping duties imposed on the company.
In July this year, the US Department of Commerce placed anti-dumping duties of 44.3 percent on emulsion styrene butadiene rubber manufactured by Kumho Petrochemical and 9.66 percent on the products by LG Chem and other companies.
(Yonhap)
The US International Trade Commission then ruled that imports of Korean ESBR hurt the domestic manufacturers, giving the go-ahead for the imposition.In response, Kumho Petrochemical last month filed the lawsuit against the US Court of International Trade, claiming that the measures taken by the US government are unfair.“The company‘s ESBR shipments to the US only accounts for some one percent of the company's annual sales, meaning that the high anti-dumping duties will not hurt the company‘s earnings,” the petrochemicals firm's officials said. “However, the company decided to file a lawsuit anyway as the US government‘s measures were found unfair,” the officials added.The CIT's decision on the case is forecast to come out in August next year, according to the industry sources.Other than Kumho Petrochemical, Posco, Hyundai Steel, Nexteel and Hyundai Heavy Industries also earlier this year lodged separate lawsuits with the CIT over the impositions of anti-dumping tariffs on their products, attempts to counter Washington‘s protectionist approach.By Shim Woo-hyun (ws@heraldcorp.com)
Newsvine.com will be shutting down October 1st, 2017. Thanks for your support! Read more about it. ×
Gerald Celente
Gerald Celente, who developed the Globalnomic® methodology to identify, track, forecast and manage trends, is a political atheist. Unencumbered by political dogma, rigid ideology or conventional wisdom, Celente, whose motto is “think for yourself,” observes and analyzes the current events forming future trends for what they are — not for the way they want them to be. And while Celente holds a U.S. passport, they consider themselves a citizen of the world. The Trends Journal® is the world's number one source for information about the most important trends shaping the future. Four times a year, we show you how these trends will affect your life, how to profit from them, and how to avoid strategic pitfalls. Regardless of your business or profession, the Trends Journal® provides insights, strategies and opportunities to help you navigate these treacherous, unprecedented times.
The Spurs won that series in five games. They made it look easy at times, too.
"Contrast that to now where he's shooting fadeaway 3s from 30 feet to close games out," Kerr said. "I think their confidence level in their shot is the biggest thing. But I think it is pretty remarkable when you've got a guy who is already considered one of the top few players ever to play the game can make that much improvement late in their career. It's a testament to their work ethic and to their work on their skillset."
The Warriors have more talent, by a very wide margin. They have four All-Stars — Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, Kevin Durant and Draymond Green. They have former MVPs in Curry and Durant. They have a former Finals MVP coming off their bench, or rather they will when Andre Iguodala returns from the bone bruise that has kept them sidelined of late.
The Cavaliers have James.
That represents hope. They make the Cavs better. They even make the Warriors better.
"LeBron's one of those guys that in order for you to be great like that, you've got to do it, day after day," Durant said. "A lot of people don't have that mental capacity to even think about being that great every day, you know what I'm saying? So that's inspiration right there. That's just motivation to be the best that you can be as well."
Once that TV went on Monday night, James locked in on this series.
Around-the-clock treatment on their body Tuesday, including 4 1/2 hours of it on the team's flight to San Francisco. Treatment and workouts on Wednesday. Treatments and pregame shooting on Thursday. Then game time.
Unlike that Rockets-Warriors game, they don't know what will happen in Game 1.
But he's ready. He's always ready.
"The level that I can play at is to be seen, but the level that I put into the game and put into my craft is who I am," James said. "So numbers and things like that kind of take care of itself. But for me, I understand and I know how much I put into the game. So everything else is OK."
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
By Tim Reynolds, The Associated Press
Stephen Colbert has returned from Easter break, and they kicked off Monday's Late Show with a brief recap of President Trump's first White House Easter Egg Roll earlier in the day. They cringed at the moment when first lady Melania Trump had to nudge the president during the national anthem. "He forgot to put their hand over their heart," Colbert said. "It happens to everybody. I mean, when I saw that footage I almost forgot to put my hand over my face." And yet, they added, that was "not the most embarrassing thing to happen at the Easter Egg Roll. That honor goes to the official White House Snapchat account, that sent out this snap featuring a bunch of kids gathered around the 'Secretary of Educauon [sic] Betsy DeVos.' Yes, it's like Betsy DeVos always says: There's no 'i' in education, the way I spell it."
But Colbert's vacation left a lot of news on the table, and they started with Trump's decision to bomb Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's air base — and their retelling of that fateful decision, paired with a chocolate cake, Chinese President Xi Jinping, and mixing up the country they bombed. "Hey, South Korea, before the war starts, just to be on the safe side, you might want to break out the spray paint," Colbert said, showing an image of the Korean Peninsula with "The Good Korea (Do Not Bomb)" scrawled in yellow paint across the lower half.
Trump also dropped a massive bomb in Afghanistan, but they really has their sights on North Korea, which tried and failed to fire off a ballistic missile on Sunday. Colbert had a heart-to-heart with Kim Jong-un: "Kim, buddy, it happens to everybody. You get all excited, you want to prove your manhood, and then, blam-o. The next time, think about bombing baseball or something." And they ended with a look at Trump's recent tweets, raising what could be an evergreen question for The Late Show: "Am I high right now, or have I just been huffing pure Trump for too long?" Colbert ended back where they began, showing a Trump tweet about the "Congressioal [sic] race tomorrow" in Georgia. "That's right, 'congressioal.' Someone's being tutored by Betsy DeVos." Watch below. Peter Weber
Peter Weber
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho claims their decision to drop Paul Pogba from their side's starting line-up against Huddersfield was purely tactical, reports the MEN .
Manchester United's record signing was left on the bench for the first time since their move to the Red Devils.
Mourinho opted for youngster Scott McTominay in the Frenchman's place, with Pogba only joining the action in the 65th minute as a substitute for Jesse Lingard.
United struggled to excel without Pogba in the first-half but eventually breached the promoted side through Romelu Lukaku's 55th minute finish.
(Image: Getty Images)
McTominay, 21, was starting their second league game of the campaign and Mourinho claimed the academy graduate's development at United is 'beautiful'.
"I change a few players and the intention was not to punish anyone," Mourinho said.
"Because to punish anyone I also need someone to punish me because we are a team and when we win together and we lose together.
"But I made a few changes thinking about the characteristics of this game and I think this kid has a great desire to recover the ball when the team is not in possession, he's a kid that chases the ball, that tries to recover high up the pitch and when they have the ball it is always simple and against opponents like Huddersfield, so close and with so many bodies behind the ball, the simplicity sometimes is genius.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Getty Images)
"You don't have space, you have to open spaces by playing simple, so was a decision to play the kid but Paul came on very, very well with a great attitude with the spaces that we had at that time because we were winning 1-0 and Paul could show their talents and their qualities.
"I always try to do what is best for the team in any moment.
"I prefer to look at it in the beautiful way of a little kid that arrived here with their mum at nine-years-old for the first training session.
"10 or 11 years later the kid is playing in a Manchester United shirt in an important match in the Premier League at home at Old Trafford, so I prefer to look at that perspective.
"Paul is a fantastic player, no doubt for me one of the most talented midfield players in the world but to sit on the bench one day is not the end of the world."
(Image: Getty Images)
Mourinho was not so pleased with their side's support however, as they took another swipe at Manchester United fans for failing to create any atmosphere in the win.
The United boss has complained before at the lack of intensity from fans particularly in games against inferior opponents who sit behind the ball.
“It's not Portsmouth - I remember when I was in the Premier League and for such a small stadium, the atmosphere was incredible.
“Here it is a bit quiet and is not very, very enthusiastic. But the players like to play at home.”
(Image: Man Utd via Getty Images)
Mourinho also revealed Belgian midfielder Marouane Fellaini has had knee surgery after injuring themselves against Tottenham and will be out for nearly two months.
“He has had surgery but is not the end of the season, not at all. It is a small intervention in their external miniscus and I want to believe by the end of March they can be back.
“I hope they will have a big April and May still be able to play in more than one competition."
A Disaster Worse Than the 2008 Crisis by Jessica Cohn-kleinberg – Banyan Hill
When it seems like all the odds are against you, and failure is your only option, which of these options do you choose:
If at first you don't succeed … you run as far away as possible. You hold on and keep trying until you succeed.
If you're like me, you opt for No. 2 (at least most of the time). So when I tell you about my recommendation today, just keep that in mind:
And … (drum roll please) my big recommendation is that you use today's low gold prices as a buying opportunity.
I know, I know, gold hasn't done so hot lately. It just tumbled to $1,249, a four-month low in the wake of the recent tax-cutting overhaul. The dollar strengthened as exuberance exploded over President Donald Trump's corporate tax cuts, and investors pulled out of the safe-haven metal.
Some might think that gold has lost its luster.
But that thinking is for the people who pack their bags and run when things get tough. Gold is not the faded commodity investment many think it is. It's a safe haven — and it always will be.
Global Gold Rush
Russia knows it. The country's central bank continues to increase its gold reserves. President Vladimir Putin is on a mission to make Russia less vulnerable to geopolitical risks, and gold is their shining monument of an answer.
In November, the country had stored 1,801 tons, about 17.3% of all global reserves. That's a 500% increase from the 343 tons Putin took over when they first became president.
Germany knows it too. The country is one of the globe's largest hoarders of gold, boasting 3,378 tons, second only to the U.S. Most of that gold used to be stored in London, New York and Paris … until recently. But over the past five years, the central bank has transferred almost 54,000 bars (valued at almost $510,000 each) back to Frankfurt. The last of the bars arrived in August.
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Most jazz combos feature a rhythm section of piano, bass, and drums, fronted by a saxophonist or some other horn player. But at this Peterborough Jazz Club gig there was something refreshingly different. Centre-stage and pride of place stood an eye-catching vibraphone, king of metal-keyed percussion instruments.
Its aluminium bars arranged like those of a piano, the vibraphone used by Nat Steele in this concert had a range of three octaves, stood more than three feet off the ground, and was more than four feet in length. In their brilliant performance throughout the evening Nat used only two mallets, which meant that they were playing a single melodic line most of the time.
In just about every other musical instrument it's the fingers that do the work. But with tuned percussion it's the arms that move to produce sustained themes. And when it comes to playing flurries of notes at high velocity they have to move at lightning speed.
So that in Bluesology by Milt Jackson we heard the vibes both as a gently shimmering melody instrument and also in virtuosic runs of glittering, cascading notes. Particularly pleasing was the occasional imitation between Nat Steele's riffs and those of the sensitive and inventive pianist Gabriel Latchin. Though Gabriel was playing an electric keyboard, an acoustic piano and a vibraphone have a surprising amount in common, as they're both percussion instruments noted for producing sustained tunes.
The two other members of the rhythm section were Dario di Lecce on double bass and Steve Brown on drums. Throughout the evening Dario provided solos that the large audience clearly relished, many of them much higher and more tuneful than plucked bass solos usually are.
Steve's drumming was equally phenomenal. In fact there were times when I looked up trying to identify the exotic percussion instruments they appeared to be using. Only to find that there were the familiar arrays of drums, cymbals, and high-hats, plus sticks and brushes, but used in original and novel ways.
In a programme inspired by the Modern Jazz Quartet we heard some fascinating numbers, many of them composed by the band's director John Lewis. La Ronde was an extended suite with all four movements based around the same theme. While The Golden Striker was taken from their music for the film No Sun in Venice.
There were also unusual versions of jazz standards, enhanced by the unique timbre of the vibes. Like All the Things You Are, Softly as in the Morning Sunrise, and Duke Ellington's Sophisticated Lady.
REVIEW: JOE CONWAY
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A British tourist travelling across Siberia fell to their death on a hike and was found beside the world's deepest lake, police have said.
The 60-year-old man named only as Anthony C, reportedly 'screamed' as they lost their footing on the path but their companion said they were unable to save him.
The man, from Huddersfield, reportedly rolled down an almost sheer drop and their body was later founded on a rocky beach at the edge of Lake Baika on August 11.
They had been travelling with a friend, identified only as Andrew D, on the Trans-Siberian railway on the and intended to go to China after the break at Lake Baikal.
(Image: The Siberian Times)
(Image: The Siberian Times)
Andrew, 56, said they attempted to help after their friend '"lost their balance' but was unable to do so on the steep path they were trekking, reported The Siberian Times .
"I was walking in front when I heard screams and turned around,' they said.
"Anthony was rolling down the hill. I tried to help them but failed.
"I tried to call the rescue service but there was no coverage on my phone.
"I still can't cope with it and don't believe this could happen."
(Image: Moment Open)
(Image: Cultura Exclusive)
An initial report said it was likely to be an accident.
Andrew found a group of women hikers and they managed to call the emergency services, they told police.
But when rescuers found the man, they were already dead.
A picture of their body on the beach beside Baikal was released by Russian police.
The tourists were walking from the resort town of Listvyanka to the village of Bolshoi Koty, a distance of around 14 miles.
The route has stunning views of mountain-rimmed Baikal, which contains around 20% of the world's unfrozen freshwater, but the paths are treacherous.
The men "wanted to enjoy the beauty of Lake Baikal", said one report.
The Russian Investigative Committee is performing "preliminary checks" on the incident, and refused to divulge the full names of the men.
A British embassy spokesperson said: "We confirm the death of the UK citizen.
"The consulate is in touch with the local authorities and with the family of the victim."
× ESU Students Stunned by Campus Shooting
EAST STROUDSBURG — A pizza delivery man was shot in Monroe County early Monday morning after trying to make a delivery on a college campus. Now students are shaken up.
We don't know much about the victim other than that they are 58 years old and a Domino's pizza delivery driver.
According to state police, a fake call early Monday morning sent them to deliver to the 400 block of Normal Street, which is on the campus of East Stroudsburg University. When they got out of the vehicle, they were ambushed.
Crime scene tape blocked off part of Normal Street on the campus of East Stroudsburg University for nearly 10 hours after a shooting early Monday morning.
“All of the sudden, I hear a loud pop from behind me. I didn't really think too much of it until I heard a couple voices and then I decided to check it out,” said junior Josh Coleman.
Just before 1:30 a.m., Coleman heard what they later found out was a gunshot. They looked out the window of their house and saw the Domino's pizza delivery vehicle outside.
“I just assumed that they popped a tire or something like that while making a delivery.”
Across the street from Coleman's house is the ROTC building. State police say the 58-year-old Domino's driver came here after someone made a fake call for delivery. The driver was ambushed when they got out of the vehicle.
“I have four finals, so I was trying to study last night, and now this. I really didn't get too much sleep because my window is facing that way,” said senior Alex Stolarczyk.
Just behind the ROTC building and off campus is a housing complex. Troopers were focusing on Apartment 459. They could be seen wearing gloves, going in and out of that apartment.
The university alerted students just before 8 a.m., about six hours after the shooting.
“There's always been alerts every now and then. Actually, we've gotten a lot recently, the past couple weeks. But I don't ever feel unsafe here. I feel like there's enough, they have safety buttons around campus, the police are right here. So I've never felt unsafe on campus or even off campus, really,” said senior Anja Whitehead.
Police haven't released the name or condition of the victim and there is no suspect that we know of.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An 84-year-old pensioner with a walking stick was thrown to the floor by an impatient thug who was in a hurry to leave a shopping centre.
CCTV footage shows the elderly man trying to walk through a doorway before a man exiting pushed them back forcefully.
The pensioner falls backwards onto the pavement, as the man walks away without apologising or checking to see if the man is hurt.
Police have now released new images of a man they would like to speak to after the attack, the Birmingham Mail reports.
Officers in Tamworth, Staffs, confirmed the 84-year-old was shoved out of the way at the main entrance to the Ankerside Shopping Centre in the town.
(Image: Staffordhire Police)
(Image: Staffordhire Police)
(Image: Staffordhire Police)
The incident occurred at around 9.50am on Tuesday.
Chief Inspector Ashley Farrington, commander for the Tamworth local policing team, said: "This is a despicable attack on an elderly gentleman who uses a stick to get around.
(Image: Staffordhire Police)
(Image: Staffordhire Police)
(Image: Staffordhire Police)
“Fortunately they only suffered minor injuries, but this sort of attack is never acceptable and so we are asking anyone who can help to get in touch so we can catch this bully."
Anyone with information should call 101 quoting incident number 226 of January 30.
Huntington Bank has announced it will create 60 new jobs and invest nearly $5.4 million in the heart of downtown Flint at its complex on Saginaw Street across from the University of Michigan-Flint campus. The Michigan Strategic Fund (MSF) approved a $450,000 performance-based grant to support the company's commitment of the capital investment and creation of new jobs at the site.
“These investments by Huntington and the cooperation between the State of Michigan and the City of Flint are great examples of how, by working together, we can create more jobs for Flint residents and help move Flint forward,” said Gov. Rick Snyder.
“This is another impressive demonstration of Huntington's commitment to Flint, and a catalytic development project in the ongoing coordinated effort – from city to state level – to attract businesses and jobs to Flint,” said Steve Arwood, CEO, Michigan Economic Development Corporation, the state's chief marketing and business attraction arm that administers programs and grants in addition to performing due diligence on behalf of the MSF.
“Huntington is passionate about economic development and revitalization in Flint as we continue to grow here and within the surrounding area,” said Sandy Pierce, chair of Michigan, senior executive vice president, Private Client Group and regional banking director at Huntington. “Contributing to Flint as an expanding employer offers a way for us to demonstrate direct support for the community.”
Huntington's venture in downtown Flint includes renovation to expand its call center at the former regional headquarters of FirstMerit, which the bank acquired in 2016. The 60 new positions are related to call center duties and commercial banking jobs. MSF's incentive lowered the overall costs to below the level of relocating the call center at a competitive site in Ohio.
“The city of Flint and its residents appreciate Huntington and the Michigan Strategic Fund working together to bring investment and jobs to downtown Flint with this call center expansion,” said Flint Mayor Karen Weaver. “We know Flint is a good place to invest, and we hope to see more businesses do so in the future.”
“Downtown Flint is a great location to expand our area workforce,” said Greg Viener, Huntington's Flint community president. “It combines access to top talent with supportive community partnership, all working together for the betterment of the city.”
In addition to its current private investment, Huntington is reaching out to small business in Flint as part of Pure Michigan Micro Lending Initiative, which is available to business owners and entrepreneurs looking for funds to assist in locating or expanding their companies in the city.
The program lends from a few thousand dollars to $250,000 to businesses that are not eligible for traditional bank financing. (The $2 million program is administered by Metro Community Development.) Huntington has also pledged $20 million in Small Business Administration-backed lending to small businesses in Flint as part of a total $25 million economic development initiative in partnership with FlintNOW.
“Today's announcement is more great news for the city of Flint, the downtown core, and Flint and Genesee County workers,” said Tim Herman, CEO, Flint & Genesee Chamber of Commerce, which has partnered with Huntington and FlintNOW to deploy $1 million in emergency grants to Flint business impacted by the city's water crisis.
“Huntington has been an outstanding community partner providing significant resources to help Flint move forward,” said Herman. “The call center project further demonstrates the company's support of the region's economic growth. And we are very grateful.”.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Celebrities are just like the rest of us! Even their cars will break down sometimes.
A trip to the Hamptons for Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin went awry on Monday (July 2) when Bieber's Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG broke down in the middle of an intersection.
So while waiting for police to arrive to the scene, Bieber got out of the car and directed traffic. Yes, there really is footage of the “Sorry" singer moving cars through the intersection.
#JustinBeiber & Hailey Baldwin casually directing traffic around their broke down Benz-- #TheHamptons pic.twitter.com/rGWAPMSZtO — Allison Ackerman (@BeachBlondeBOS) July 2, 2018
+ Justin and Hailey spotted in The Hamptons, New York (July 2) pic.twitter.com/ssH9yN6c5y — Bieber-news HQ (@BiebernewsHQ) July 3, 2018
Could you imagine driving by and seeing Bieber playing the role of a traffic cop right before your very eyes? It's insane, right?The police did show up to the scene to relieve Bieber of their traffic cop duties, according to reports , and a mechanic ultimately removed the $150,000 car from the scene.
Red Sox pitchers were curious but noncommittal upon hearing Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred's comments about the potential of a robot umpire calling balls and strikes in the future.
Manfred said the technology was progressing to a point where it would goad enough to consider using in a Q&A with the Athletic's Ken Rosenthal, Wednesday.
"Let me say it in two different pieces. I think we are much closer than we were a year ago to having the technological capability to actually call the strike zone. We have worked very hard on PITCHf/x (a pitch-tracking system)," Manfred said. The accuracy is way up -- way better than what it was a year ago. The technology continues to move ... and it actually moved a little faster than I might have thought.
"There remains a fundamental question the owners are going to have to address. When you take away the home plate umpire's control over the strike zone, you take away a principal piece of their authority in terms of managing the whole game. You really need to think carefully about whether you want to make that change."
Red Sox lefty David Price weighed both sides out loud.
"It would be a consistent strike so that's good. But it would be kind of weird at first. I like having the umpire. I understand how tough the job they have to do is, especially the guys behind home plate. They don't have a chance for a review," Price said. "Guys at first, second and third have a chance to review if they make the wrong call, overturn it and get it correct. That makes their job a little bit easier. Behind home plate is tough. You've got guys throwing 100 MPH fastballs then Steven Wright throwing a 65 MPH knuckleball. It's tough to do."
Drew Pomeranz wanted to see it tested before deciding which side he'd land on.
"I think with a lot of those things, only time will tell if they're good or bad. You're taking the human aspect out of it a little bit. It would be interesting to see how that develops," Pomeranz said. "I'm sure they'll test it somehow, probably spring training."
They proposed some mix of man and machine.
"I don't know if I could see them totally going electronic," they said. "I could see them going to some kind of hybrid. It would be like tennis, if you think it hit the line you can use your challenge. It could be something like that."
Price said making the change would take studying each umpire's tendencies out of the equation.
"Then a strike is a strike and a ball is a ball. That would take some of the arguing out of it and the displeasure from both sides. If a machine calls it a strike, I guess it's in the box," said Price, who goes into a game familiar with how that day's umpire frames the zone . " I look at it for sure. If they're big on one side of the plate, I want to know that.. If they're small on the other side that something you want to take into account. You want to pitch to your strengths, but when it comes down to it, if the umpire's right eye is their best eye and they see the right side of the plate better than the left side, you might try to make a pitch to that right side."
Pomeranz expected at some point technology would be more involved.
"The way everything is evolving using technology and incorporating it with everything, it's more when than if," they said.
Reliever Heath Hembree thought after the initial adjustment, making that change wouldn't tilt things more toward the hitter or the pitcher.
"I'm not really sure. Even if they did eventually do that, things would eventually even out," they said. "There are a lot of pitches that go the pitcher's way that's a ball and a lot that go the hitter's way that's a strike. At then end of the day everything evens out with an umpire behind the plate now and it'll still even out with a robot."
Manager Alex Cora wasn't ready to weigh in.
"I haven't thought about that too much,"he said. "I'll think about it and get back to you."
Quincy Police are looking for a man in connection with a deadly motor vehicle crash.
Police are looking for 22-year-old Christopher Murch is sought in relation to a fatal crash that took place on Palmer St. last Monday August 7.
Anyone with information on their whereabouts is being asked to call Quincy Police at 617-479-1212.
Reach Thousands of Potential Customers on The South Shore and Beyond! Call WATD Today for More Info on Radio and Internet Advertising: (781) 837-1166
Advertising
Tom Oliphant ended their 2017 Porsche Carrera Cup GB campaign in style, confirming their fourth position in the final championship standings with a sensational drive from eighth on the grid through to a podium finish at Brands Hatch.
Qualifying did not go their way on Saturday as a combination of traffic, yellow flags and driver errors left them eighth and sixth on the grid for Sunday's two races.
The 27-year-old was determined to make amends in the races and they made an immediate impact in the opening encounter, gaining four places on the first lap as they excelled in tricky wet conditions.
The Leamington-based racer briefly slipped back to fifth position but following a short safety car period their charge would continue as they regained the place with a fantastic dive down the inside into Stirlings before immediately setting their sights on the podium contenders ahead.
Oliphant closed down a gap of over two seconds to the driver ahead before grabbing third place with a slick move into Druids three laps from the end to complete a remarkable drive through the field.
Oliphant would go on to enjoy a starring role on ITV4 later that afternoon as they played their part in a dramatic championship finale, battling wheel-to-wheel with eventual champion Charlie Eastwood before eventually having to settle for sixth position at the chequered flag, a result that completed a remarkably consistent run of 14 top-six results in 15 races this year.
They said: “The weekend has been really good overall. Qualifying wasn't great, but practice went well and I'm pleased with my performance across the two races, especially getting the podium from eighth on the grid in the opener.”
[Letter to the Editor] Effective way to deal with N. Korea
I just would like to thank The Korea Herald for publishing the Feb. 7 opinion piece “Amnesty for NK officials Kim's strategic nightmare,” as I believe its message was very relevant and significant to Koreans.
I hope the Korean government implements what is suggested there and achieves swift unification between the North and the South before the international world or media comes between us Koreans.
I am the compiler of Robert Park's book “Voice: Stop Genocide!” and I was glad to find Park's recent articles regarding the current crisis on the Korean Peninsula -- especially the one published on Feb. 7.  They are making very important points that should be heeded and I hope to see more of such powerful articles in the future.
Thank you.
From Hyunah Park, Seoul
Police were called to the sudden death of a man at a property in Peterborough yesterday.
Officers were called to the home in St Margarets Road, Peterborough, at 1.11pm on Tuesday July 3.
A police spokesperson said: "A man in their 50s was pronounced dead at the scene.
"Officers attended the property and the death is not being treated as suspicious at this stage."
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — A conference will be underway in Hartford on Wednesday and Thursday that's bringing together people from all over the country to talk about criminal justice reform.
Robin Cullen knows about our criminal justice system. That's because they served time behind bars.
‘I was at York from 1997 to 2000. I was there for three years for a DUI-related fatality,” said Cullen.
After they got out of jail, Cullen got involved with the Judy Dworin Performance Project. An organization that sparks awareness about social issues. Specifically on stage, in prisons and in schools. One of those performances taking place at the conference in Hartford called “Reimagining Justice”.
“What we're trying to do is make sure we are taking all the steps necessary to have a corrections department that correct behaviors,” said Gov. Dannel Malloy.
The event is spearheaded by the Governor and First Lady of Connecticut and they're bringing together criminal justice professionals from across the country to talk about reform. Specifically when it comes to reducing crime, ending the cycle of mass incarceration and putting people on the right track once they're out of jail.
“If you can't move forward in your life to sustain your life financially, the likelihood of you returning to jail for committing a crime is far greater. So public safety is at risk,” said Scott Semple, Commissioner for the Department of Corrections.
“For people coming out of incarceration there are so many challenges. For many people it's the same thing as before we were in jail. So, it's housing, clothing, food, shelter. All of those things,” said Cullen.
All of this a major talking point, with a number of initiatives here in Connecticut to curb repeat crime.
“I just spoke to the sheriff of Suffolk County, Boston, Massachusetts, who is taking the time to be with us to share some of their ideas, but they made it very clear they want to hear what we're doing,” said Gov. Malloy.
Other states using Connecticut as an example to follow.
“They already are in a sense and I think it's just moving this initiative forward on a more powerful scale,” said Semple.
You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration.
We are unable to send your welcome email at this time.
Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page.
As Wildfires Approach, 'Everyone's Just Trying To Get Out Of Here'
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
OK. So here's the update on the fires in Southern California. There have been a number of them. Most are described as at least 75 percent contained. But there's one fire that keeps spreading. The Thomas Fire in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties is the first and the largest of them.
RACHEL MARTIN, HOST:
Firefighters have been trying to contain that blaze since last week, but it is only spreading. The University of California, Santa Barbara is postponing final exams until January because of this.
INSKEEP: We reached Jacob Gellman, who's in the first year of their Ph.D. program at that school.
JACOB GELLMAN: It's a big shock for a lot of people. And honestly, everyone's just trying to get out of here. The mandatory evacuation zones are really quickly approaching Santa Barbara. And it feels really surreal to be here.
MARTIN: Santa Barbara is located on the coast and surrounded by mountains. There are only a couple of roads you can take to get into the city, which makes it hard for firefighter crews to get in as well.
GELLMAN: My friends and I have all been looking at real-time satellite images of the fire spreading. And we're just hitting refresh all day on our browsers and looking at the fire getting closer and closer.
INSKEEP: Wow. Gellman says they are ready to leave if he's told. But until then, he's staying put.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC)
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
VANCOUVER — The legal battle between a group of Tim Hortons franchisees and their parent company escalated Friday as the corporate-unsanctioned franchisee association filed a lawsuit alleging that Restaurant Brands International, its subsidiary and several executives have subverted their right to associate.
The defendants have engaged in conduct that "seeks to interfere with, restrict, penalize, or threaten franchisees from exercising their rights to associate," according to a lawsuit filed in an Ontario Superior Court of Justice on behalf of two franchisees who belong to The Great White North Franchisee Association. None of the claims have been proven in court.
Tim Hortons called the lawsuit "unfounded," in a statement by its media relations team.
"We have always been clear that we will not interfere with our franchisees' right to associate and that remains true today," it read, adding the lawsuit is the latest tactic of the group's disregard for the brand and our restaurant owners."
On the Oscars red carpet, most of the attention is focused on the ladies and their gowns, but the men can't be forgotten.While the men may have it a little easier when it comes to dressing for awards season, it still takes an effort to be sure they are red carpet ready.Men do have several decisions to make when it comes to looking their best: Single or double breasted? Vest or no vest? Black, blue or white?"Dress up and think old Hollywood, think Carey Grant. This is not the time to experiment. Really you want to look dapper, you want to think elegant black tie," designer and fashion expert Nick Verreos explained.From Andrew Garfield in Gucci to Dev Patel in Burberry, many of the nominees have opted for the traditional black tie this awards season.Some have taken risk, like Mahershala Ali, who sported an all-white tuxedo by Ermenegildo Zegna Couture at the Screen Actors Guild Awards.Both Justin Timberlake and Ryan Gosling ditched their ties for the Critics' Choice Awards.But their ties were back for the Golden Globes where Gosling accessorized their white Gucci dinner jacket with a red flower."It's all about maybe a tie clip. It's all about a pocket square, an elegant one or even a brooch," Verreos said. "I think that would be something that adds that little bit of uniqueness to the look, but not overdo it."
Iran has denied receiving any invitation from Saudi Arabia for talks on the hajj, after a row between the arch-foes saw its pilgrims stay at home last year.
The Al-Hayat daily reported on Friday that Saudi pilgrims minister Mohammed Bentin had opened discussions with more than 80 countries, including Iran, to work out the details of the 2017 hajj.
“No invitation from Saudi Arabia has been received by Iran's Hajj and Pilgrimage Organisation or the foreign ministry,” the head of the Hajj Organisation, Hamid Mohammadi, was quoted as saying in Iranian media reports on Monday.
Once the invitation was received, Iranians would only be able to take part in the hajj if “the Saudi side secures the conditions of dignity and security” for them, said Mohammadi.
Iran was doing all it could to open the “blocked path” to the hajj, they said.
The annual pilgrimage, which starts and ends in the holy city of Mecca in Saudi Arabia, is a must for all able-bodied Muslims who can afford it.
More than 1.8 million faithful took part in 2016, but Iranians stayed at home for the first time in three decades after tensions between Riyadh and Tehran boiled over following a deadly stampede during the 2015 pilgrimage.
Iran says it lost 464 people in the crush outside Mecca.
Saudi Arabia cut all ties with Tehran in January 2016 after Iranian demonstrators torched its embassy and a consulate following its execution of a prominent Shia cleric.
Shia Iran and predominantly Sunni Saudi Arabia are at odds over a raft of regional issues, notably the conflicts in Syria and Yemen in which they support opposing sides.
London: Out-of-favour Chelsea striker Diego Costa has launched an angry broadside against both the club and manager Antonio Conte, accusing them of treating them like a "criminal".
Costa, 28, has been informed by Conte that they have no future at the club and having been frozen out of the first-team squad, the Brazil-born Spain international has gone home to Brazil.
They say Chelsea "want to sell me to China", but has reiterated their desire to return to former club Atletico Madrid, who are under a transfer ban until January.
"I am waiting for Chelsea to set me free. I didn`t want to leave. I was happy. When the manager does not want you, you have to go," Costa said in an interview published in Monday`s Daily Mail.
"In January, things happened with the coach. I was on the brink of renewing my contract and they put the brakes on it. I suspect the manager was behind it. They asked for that to happen.
"They gave me a week extra off, but since then it`s fines all the way. They want me training with the reserves. I am not going to do that. I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here.
"So, if they need to fine me, let them fine me."
Costa was particularly scathing in their criticism of Conte, who led Chelsea to the Premier League title in their first season at Stamford Bridge.
"I respect them as a great coach. They have done a good job and I can see that. But as a person -- no," said Costa, who was speaking in their hometown of Lagarto in northeastern Brazil.
"He is not a coach who is very close with their players.  They are very distant. They don`t possess charisma."
Faced with Atletico`s inability to recruit players, Costa said they would rather spend a year not playing than join another club.
"My desire is to go to Atletico," they said. "I have rejected other offers. They want to sell me to China or other teams. If I`m off, I`m going to the club I want to go to, not the club that`s paying the most.
"I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don`t pay me. I`ll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I`d go back now and do as they say."
Chelsea opened their title defence in disastrous fashion on Saturday, losing 3-2 at home to Burnley, with Costa`s replacement Alvaro Morata coming off the bench to score.
"350 Days" star Lanny Poffo on watching baseball, meeting Damien Sandow, their WCW run & more
Darren Paltrowitz FOLLOW FEATURED WRITER Exclusive 217 // 04 Jul 2018, 21:28 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Lanny Poffo inducting brother "Macho Man" Randy Savage into the WWE Hall Of Fame
A second-generation professional wrestler who got their start in the early 1970s, Lanny Poffo is best known to wrestling fans as The Genius. Employed by the WWF for nearly a decade -- initially as Leaping Lanny Poffo -- they were popular for their pre-match poetry, which often skewered audiences and wrestlers alike. After leaving the WWF, Poffo signed with WCW, where they were under contract for a few years. Post-WCW, they made independent appearances, which they continue to do on a part-time basis.
Sportskeeda is the one-stop destination for latest WWE rumors and wrestling news.
Lanny Poffo is one of the performers featured in the new documentary 350 Days. While many of the other participating wrestlers -- including Bret Hart, "Superstar" Billy Graham, Greg "The Hammer" Valentine, Marty Jannetty and J.J. Dillon -- were partying and living hard as full-time talent for the WWF, Poffo opted for "health, wealth and freedom." In turn, they look great for their age and maintains the wit that they have been associated with for decades.
I had the pleasure of speaking with Poffo about their past, present and future on behalf of Sportskeeda. Poffo can be visited online at www.geniuslannypoffo.com, a website which includes rarely-seen photos of their brother Randy "Macho Man" Savage.
More information on 350 Days -- which hits American theaters for 1 night only on July 12th via Fathom Events -- can be found on the Fathom Events website at www.fathomevents.com/events/350-days-legends-champions-survivors.
What exactly is retirement like for you? What is a day in the life like as a retiree?
Lanny Poffo: I get up in the morning, I go to the gym. I have some hobbies on the computer. I like to do poetry still. I just try to do a lot of fun things. I have a lot of friends, we have some good times. The thing is, when you have friends you have to be careful. Just because they're your friends doesn't mean you have to eat what they eat or drink what they drink. Just because I was with people doesn't mean that I had to do what they did. Sometimes a lot of people become alcoholics from social drinking. I'm not bored, I have plenty to do. I also have MLB.com, so I watch any baseball game I want, including out of market games.
Who is your team of choice in baseball?
Lanny Poffo: I don't follow teams, I follow players. For example, if Justin Verlander is pitching I want to watch that. Sometimes Giancarlo Stanton, the Yankees, they've got an embarrassment of riches going on. Whatever team is going to have a great game, I like to watch.
Your brother was known to have been a stand-out baseball player. Did you have that talent as well?
Lanny Poffo: No, I wasn't anywhere near as good as Randy. They signed with the Cardinals in 1971, and 4 years later they released them for the third and final time.
Were there any sports that you excelled at growing up?
Lanny Poffo: I wouldn't say "excelled," but I wrestled and did gymnastics, which helped me in my professional wrestling career.
That character, The Genius, did so well that WWE has used it since with Damien Sandow and Aiden English. Are you up on those other characters?
Lanny Poffo: Actually, I got a phone call from a guy named Joe Gomez that told me to come to the training center in Tampa. There's this guy that wanted to talk to me and wanted permission to use my gimmick. I said okay, I went down there and I'm glad I did because I got to see Dusty Rhodes and they had expressed condolences for my brother. Steve Keirn was there, fantastic person. All these really nice people were there.
Then they introduced me to Damien Sandow. They said, "Would you mind if I used your gimmick?" I said, "Look, I stole the gimmick, too. I'm not the first person to wear a cap and gown, and I'm not the person first to point to their head. If I had 21-inch arms, I would have pointed to my arms. It's just that you've got to work with what you've got."
Like I said, when you think about it, Bobby Heenan was already "The Brain." If they wanted to, they could have gotten mad that I was The Genius because it's a little close. But they were nice enough to let me be The Genius, and they were confident in the fact that they were still The Brain. But if they wanted to be a jerk, they could stop me, like "Hey, that's too close to my gimmick." I've seen pettiness in wrestlers before!
So I said, "Look, I wish you the best of luck. You use it, whatever gimmick you've got." Besides, a part of the gimmick that was not a gimmick was that I wrote my own poems. These were all original, even the lousy ones. It was all me.
Speaking of characters, for people that followed the WWF in the 1980s, you were the first person a lot of people learned to hate. Everyone knows you as such as nice guy out of the ring, so was it ever difficult or painful to have to portray a heel?
Lanny Poffo: No, it was the biggest break in my career to become The Genius. I was on the chopping block to be fired. I had been there for 5 years as Leaping Lanny, the babyface. They were about done with me. You have a shelf life as a wrestler, as soon as they are bored with you and new people are coming in. The Genius character, next thing you know I'm in 4 months of main events with Hulk Hogan. I made 27 appearances at Madison Square Garden, but I got 2 main events in Madison Square Garden, thanks to Hulk Hogan. They enjoyed my gimmick, they thought it was humorous, it was the best 4 months of my career.
But when I was a bad guy, I was still nice to the fans. I never refused an autograph. That's my theory, you have to treat the fans very nicely, otherwise, you're no better than Art Linklater.
You mentioned a variety of people in the business when you went down to the training center. Are you still in touch with a lot of people from wrestling?
Lanny Poffo: No, I've still kept some friends and see people sometimes. If Hulk Hogan were to call me and they needed me for any reason, I would come running and I would drop anything. Even this interview. I refuse to be not appreciative just because they haven't done anything for me since 1990. They changed my life and they gave me a sip of the silver chalice of success for 4 months.
I'm still friends with "Tugboat" Fred Ottman, Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat, Jimmy Hart, Rick Martel, Tito Santana, these are excellent people. There's very few of us left because everyone's dying.
Some of the people you mentioned were also in WCW when you were. Your WCW run is very mysterious. Is it true that you were contracted for years but they never contacted you to show up?
Lanny Poffo: Yeah, my brother told me he's got an idea, he's going to make me Gorgeous George. They bought the name, this and that, but I had to do my part. What was that? They said, "I'm going to call you every time and see if you're working out." I started working out twice a day, I was suntanning, I was using the sunbed, I bleached my hair blonde, getting ready for the gimmick, got blue contact lenses, I wrote a few songs to enter the ring with. I had these songs produced by good singers and things. I had my own theme music, I did it myself. I was ready and ready and ready and finally, the phone never rang.
A couple of years later, my hair, I had bleached it so much, instead of looking like Gorgeous George, it looked like The Scarecrow in The Wizard Of Oz. Ric Flair and Buddy Landell had beautiful blonde hair, but me, it was very bad hair.
That's the reason that Vince McMahon defeated WCW because Vince is in the trenches. They know everything, they wouldn't be like Ted Turner and let other people handle it. Vince would not let one check go to a guy that wasn't pulling their weight. That's the reason Vince McMahon defeated Billionaire Ted and became a billionaire himself.
As you're a hard worker, do you feel disappointment over earning all that money without appearing? Pride that you made all that money? Regret that you had not been working for another company in that period?
Lanny Poffo: I wish they would have let me be Gorgeous George. But I was not raised to be on welfare, you know? I wanted to earn my money, but I never refused cashing the check. I never spent anything, I just invested everything. I've read all the books by Robert Kiyosaki and the Richest Man In Babylon all that stuff, I'm very prudent with my money and my hero is Warren Buffett.
Yet again, it's proven that The Genius was not just a character.
Lanny Poffo: The thing is, everybody has something they can do. It's amazing, people that have a reputation for being dumb, everybody's got a gift I've found. One of my gifts is I'm good at fasting. Even if I'm hungry, I know it's good for me. That doesn't mean that I'm not going to drop dead tonight, but I'm acting as if it's going to help me. The truth is I could get whacked out today on a heart attack, but I'd want you to say, "At least they tried." So health and wealth and freedom, but sometimes wealth is not about how much you have, but how much you need. That's a heavy thought.
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Millions of energy customers have been urged to switch suppliers or at least tariffs to save up to more than £400 a year before the latest round of price hikes comes into effect.
Some nine million customers of the Big Six companies should switch to a better deal or end up overpaying by up to £434, Which? has warned.
The latest price hike by British Gas came into effect on May 29, increasing the bills of four million of its dual fuel standard tariff customers from £1,101 to £1,161 - 5.5% or £60 - on average per year.
The amount is £364 more than the cheapest deal on the market, but still only makes the British Gas standard tariff the fourth most expensive of the Big Six firms after npower, Scottish Power and SSE once all price rises have come into effect, the watchdog calculated.
SSE customers on its standard tariff will see the biggest price increase at an average £76 more per year.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The firm announced a 6.7% price rise this week to come into force on July 11, meaning customers will pay £1,196 per year on average.
Overall, npower customers will pay the most as its 5.5% price increase will mean customers on its standard tariff will pay £1,230 per year on average from June 17.
How much you stand to save
(Image: Getty)
Which? said npower customers on its standard tariff could save up to £434 by switching to the cheapest deal on the market, Utility Point's variable tariff at £797 per year, or £268 by switching to npower's own cheapest tariff.
British Gas households who want to remain with the supplier could save £113 if they transferred from the standard tariff to the best deal available.
Scottish Power customers on its standard tariff will see their bills increase by an average of £63 a year under a 5.5% increase coming into effect on June 1, bringing its standard tariff to £1,211 on average per year.
The one million households on this deal will be paying £414 more than if they were on the cheapest deal on the market and £100 more than Scottish Power's own cheapest tariff, the consumer group calculated.
Energy switching jargon buster 'Fixed' or 'capped' - The cheapest plans are those that are capped for the duration of the contract, for instance 18 months.
'Standard' or 'variable' - These tariffs are more flexible as they're contract-free. You also won't be a charge to switch to a different supplier.
Time of use - Time of user tariffs have an on-peak and an off-peak rate for electricity. The off-peak period normally falls between 10pm and 8:30am. The on-peak rate is much higher than other tariffs so opt for this one if you plan to use your energy more overnight than during the day.
Green - A good option if you want to reduce the environmental impact of your energy use. The energy supplier matches some or all of the energy supplied to you by purchasing renewable energy such as wind or hydroelectric.
Over a million EDF customers on the firm's standard tariff will see their electricity bills increase by 1.4%, or £16 a year, from June 7, taking the deal to a total of £1,158 for the average user - £361 more than the cheapest deal on the market and £167 more than EDF's own cheapest deal.
E.On has not announced a price increase but announced in March that it was cutting dual-fuel and paperless discounts from its bills and increasing its standing charge for some customers.
The watchdog said this would mean some customers paying £30 more a year, leading to an average annual bill of £1,153.
Companies have blamed rising policy, network and wholesale energy costs for the price increases.
Alex Neill, Which? managing director of home products and services, said: "Before the energy price cap comes into effect later this year, anyone still suffering on a poor value standard tariff should take five minutes to compare and switch as they could potentially save up to £434 a year."
How to switch your supplier Head over to a price comparison site like MoneySupermarket or GoCompare and see which deals are available in your area. We've also outlined the best energy deals right now below. Enter your postcode Enter your usage information - For the most accurate comparison results, you'll also need to input your household's consumption details. You can get those off your most recent energy bill. Once you've picked your new energy supplier and plan, confirm the switch by providing your full address and bank details (if you've chosen a direct debit plan, which are usually the cheapest). Alternatively, you can use The Mirror's own energy switching service by clicking here.
To find out more, see our full guide on energy switching made easy.
By JARRETT A. LOBELL
Monday, August 14, 2017
Sometime between 1926 and 1929, a soldier at Camp Lincoln lost the bronze disc from the collar of their service coat that identified them as part of the Eighth Illinois National Guard. At the time the disc fell to the ground, it's likely that the soldier was practicing their marksmanship, says Illinois State Military Museum curator Bill Lear. The area of the camp where the disc was unearthed during construction of a new bridge is known to have been the location of the rifle range and training ground, and expended rifle shells were found nearby. Yet, while the story of this individual soldier's life is lost—as are the stories of hundreds of millions of soldiers throughout history—the story of their regiment is not. The Eighth Illinois was also, for a time, the 370th Infantry, a unit of African-American officers and enlisted men who fought on the battlefields of the Western Front in World War I.
About 10,000 African-American National Guardsmen served in World War I. The 370th arrived in France in April 1918, and was reassigned to the French army and equipped with French weapons, uniforms, and rations. The soldiers of the 370th fought for 10 months, earning 71 individual Croix de Guerre medals, 21 Distinguished Service Crosses, one Distinguished Service Medal, and numerous other military honors. As members of a segregated unit not allowed to fight alongside their white compatriots, “these men endured hardships that other soldiers wouldn't have,” says Lear. “They stuck it out and served their country for many reasons. I would like to think that a sense of duty, honor, loyalty, and love of country had something to do with it.”
× Expand Perly's smoked fish board (Photo courtesy Mobelux)
A barbecue joint connected to a car-care garage might be the last place you'd expect to turn out exquisite delicacies to grace a holiday table.
But TD's Smokehouse is where Tuckahoe Seafood owner Charles Fice says they choose to outsource their fish smoking, sending over bourbon-cured fillets of salmon to absorb the aromatics of smoldering hickory from a Southern Pride rotisserie smoker at TD's.
Fice is one of a growing crop of purveyors and chefs nudging Richmond, a bastion of cured meats, into an appreciation of the subtler delicacies of smoked fish.
“It's popular year-round, but especially popular during the holidays,” says Matt White, chef at Yellow Umbrella Provisions, who serves up an in-house, hot-smoked salmon that sits outside for two days after brining, to build up its tackiness for the hickory wood smoke to stick.
The result? A darker-colored fish with a lightly smoky and slightly sweet flavor.
Southbound kitchen staff smoke bluefish, rockfish and sometimes catfish for a brunch salad as well as a creamy dip served with pickle slices and pita chips. Smoking the parts of the fish that get cut away from a fillet aligns with Southbound's approach of utilizing the whole animal.
Perly's Delicatessen & Restaurant Kitchen Manager Tyler Cartwright says that staff at the Jewish-style deli in Monroe Ward work as a team to complete the four-day-long process to smoke the whitefish, salmon and trout that end up in eggs Benedict, fish platters and salads. Going for depth of flavor, staffers salt and cure the salmon in a brine for a day and then let it “cool down” for two more days before hickory wood smoke takes over. “We have to always remember the heat control and generate smoke, but also to toss water on the wood chips to keep the fish moist, though it is a dry heat,” Cartwright says. “You walk the line.”
Smoky Selections
Pick up and Go
Tuckahoe Seafood (1007 Starling Drive, Henrico) Tuckahoe smokes its salmon, trout and mackerel at the nearby TD's Smokehouse. Other smoked fish selections from distributors are available. Yellow Umbrella Provisions (5603 Patterson Ave.) Chef Nat White smokes salmon in-house.
Dine In
MADRID — Asier Illarramendi scored two second-half goals as Real Sociedad routed Deportivo La Coruna 5-0 to end a four-match winless streak in the Spanish league on Friday.
Willian Jose, Aritz Elustondo and Sergio Canales also scored for Sociedad at Anoeta Stadium.
The hosts hadn't won since a 3-1 result against Sevilla last year.
The winless streak for relegation-wary Deportivo increased to seven matches. Deportivo is 18th in the 20-team standings.
Rome, December 11 - The employment rate for 15-35-year-olds in Italy was 39.9% in 2016, down 10.4 percentage points with respect to at the start of the economic crisis in 2008, according to a government report released on Monday. The unemployment rate for 55-64-year-olds, on the other hand, rose 16 points to 50.3%, the report said. It added that there had been some signs of the negative trend for under-35s reversing over the last two years, with the employment rate rising by 0.1 and 0.7 of a point in 2015 and 2016 respectively.
The economic and political disconnect between the people and the powerful can be addressed in a Liberal and Democratic fashion. There is no monopoly of wisdom or one size fits all solution for the range of issues our country faces and we should acknowledge this.
We should aim to make our people ready to embrace and thrive in the next stage of globalisation. Our institutions will need to be more agile and responsive to the needs of the populus. As a party this means embracing some radical solutions and communicating an optimistic message.
What if power to the people meant just that, effective democratic control of the Nations and English Regions over domestic policy leaving a smaller Westminster to handle national taxation, foreign affairs,and defence.Bringing democracy to the House of Lords could finally be achieved by allowing the UK's historic counties to select two representatives to a new upper house.
A more responsive government is the first element in a radical Liberal future. Embracing the changes technology will throw up will require a sustained, consistent investment in infrastructure, housing, education and skills and a reform of our outdated tax system.
Rather than Corbynite fairy tales about raising revenue, this future could begin with leasing our motorway network with an estimated value of £300bn. Allowing UK pension funds to take over the network and realise their investment via tolls or smart-charging would release vital capital.
This capital could be deployed for vital national infrastructure projects for sustained growth, such as :
Green Energy :Battery investment, Tidal Power and Offshore wind to fuel a smart grid Transport :Sustained investment in Northern Cities,Wales and the West, Rural services and Crossrail 2. A scrappage scheme for petrol/diesel vehicles Broadband : Ensuring 1 gigabit speeds as standard nationally. Housing : Free regional governments to build affordable housing for rent
A fundamental overhaul of our healthcare and education system is essential. Devolving health and social care would allow experimentation, investment in preventive medicine and technology. Westminster would merely set minimum standards and run an inspection regime. Education will be a lifelong need in the 21st Century and our policy should reflect this.
An improved tax system should entail ending the sterile debate on taxing individuals or corporations with a realisation that all taxes fall on people. As Beveridge intended, National Insurance should be expanded into a dedicated health and social care tax. Land Value Taxes should replace Council Tax and VAT should become variable. Vehicle and road taxation would be replaced with an Emissions Tax.
This is an optimistic, radical, Liberal Democrat programme that moderate Labour and liberal Conservatives would support that answers the fundamental questions our country faces.
* John Armah is a Liberal Democrat member from London
Celebrities are just like the rest of us! Even their cars will break down sometimes.
A trip to the Hamptons for Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin went awry on Monday (July 2) when Bieber's Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG broke down in the middle of an intersection.
So while waiting for police to arrive to the scene, Bieber got out of the car and directed traffic. Yes, there really is footage of the “Sorry" singer moving cars through the intersection.
#JustinBeiber & Hailey Baldwin casually directing traffic around their broke down Benz-- #TheHamptons pic.twitter.com/rGWAPMSZtO — Allison Ackerman (@BeachBlondeBOS) July 2, 2018
+ Justin and Hailey spotted in The Hamptons, New York (July 2) pic.twitter.com/ssH9yN6c5y — Bieber-news HQ (@BiebernewsHQ) July 3, 2018
Could you imagine driving by and seeing Bieber playing the role of a traffic cop right before your very eyes? It's insane, right?The police did show up to the scene to relieve Bieber of their traffic cop duties, according to reports , and a mechanic ultimately removed the $150,000 car from the scene.
Joel Embiid has been making headlines all season on and off the court, and now the Philadelphia 76ers star has done it again. It appears Embiid is dating Olivia Pierson one of the “stars” of the E! show WAGS. Pierson was most recently linked to Jacksonville Jaguars tight end Marcedes Lewis. It looks like she's going all-in on Embiid now though.
Pierson posted the following picture to their 1.5 million followers on Instagram on Tuesday:
Happy Valentines Day to this hunk @joelembiid Thank you for being you. I'm so proud of you. You are the most loyal person to me in this crazy life! And to me that's priceless ❤ #ShipDocked A post shared by Olivia Pierson (@oliviapierson) on Feb 14, 2017 at 12:32pm PST
Sorry ladies, it appears Embiid is locked in with a girlfriend this Valentine's Day. We're just wondering how this will impact the meniscus tear in their knee.
170212-N-CF105-045 ATLANTIC OCEAN. (FEB. 12, 2017) Sailors assigned to USS James E. Williams' (DDG 95) conduct a visit, board, search, and seizure exercise. James E. Williams is currently underway preparing for a scheduled deployment. (U.S Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist Seaman Patrick Morrissey/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.12.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:00 Photo ID: 3166997 VIRIN: 170212-N-CF105-045 Resolution: 4289x2412 Size: 1.33 MB Location: US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, 170212-N-CF105-045 [Image 1 of 2], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
England announce squad for ODIs against Scotland, Australia
Jos Buttler has been rested from the one-off game against Scotland
Aadya Sharma FEATURED WRITER News 30 May 2018, 17:18 IST 958 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Eoin Morgan will captain the side in both the series
England have announced their squads for the upcoming one-off ODI against Scotland and the Australia series that follows. The 13-man squad for Scotland and the 14-member team for Australia will be led by Eoin Morgan and doesn't include any uncapped players.
Jos Buttler will not be traveling to Scotland for the one-off game but will join the team for the Australia series, along with bowling all-rounder Sam Curran. Sam Billings gets a spot in the game against Scotland but doesn't find a mention in the series versus Australia.
Liam Plunkett returns to the squad after missing the series win against New Zealand in March. They replace Craig Overton.
Morgan, who withdrew themselves from the charity T20 game between the ICC World XI and West Indies, was replaced by Pakistan's Shahid Afridi as captain, after having suffered a fracture in their finger.
The game against Scotland is on June 10, at Edinburgh, while the five-match series against Australia begin with the first game at The Oval on June 13. The final game will be played out at Old Trafford on the 24th of next month.
With the suspended Steve Smith not in the team, Tim Paine will be leading the Australian ODI team. It will also be the first series for Justin Langer as the team's head coach, having replaced Darren Lehmann after the Sandpaper saga that took place during the South Africa series a couple of months back.
Here are the squads:
England squads for Scotland ODI: Eoin Morgan (c), Moeen Ali, Jonathan Bairstow, Sam Billings, Alex Hales, Liam Plunkett, Adil Rashid, Joe Root, Jason Roy, Ben Stokes, David Willey, Chris Woakes, Mark Wood
England squads for Australia series: Eoin Morgan (c), Moeen Ali, Jonathan Bairstow, Jos Buttler, Tom Curran, Alex Hales, Liam Plunkett, Adil Rashid, Joe Root, Jason Roy, Ben Stokes, David Willey, Chris Woakes, Mark Wood
Avoiding choices also a choice, perhaps the worst choice: Santiago Nieva
By Poonam Mehra
New Delhi, Jul 4 (PTI)  They are well aware of the "disappointments" triggered by a revamped selection policy but Indian boxing's High Performance Director Santiago Nieva remains unfazed and is hopeful that good performances will convince detractors of the "difficult choices" they are making.
Indian boxing has gone through a revamp of sorts in its selection process with the conventional trials not being the sole criteria. A ranking system, rating boxers on their performances in national and international events and the national camp, has been put in place to pick squads for major events like next month's Asian Games.
"There are always disappointments but one has to deal with that. The easy thing to do would have been to go for a trial in all the weight categories. But I believe that having a system of analysing a boxer's performance over a period of time is a fairer one," Nieva told PTI in an interview.
World bronze-medallist Gaurav Bidhuri (56kg) and former Commonwealth Games silver-winner Mandeep Jangra (69kg) were among those who felt hard-done about being left out from the Asiad squad without trials.
"The tough part is to deal with individual disappointments but it is part of my job profile to ensure that nobody loses the zeal to continue," said the Argentine-born Swede, who is also dealing with the "heartbreak" of watching the country of their origin bow out of the ongoing FIFA World Cup.
"I talk to them regularly, explain to them why it is necessary for them to be at their best at all times instead of just before a trial. That way, I can extract better performances from them," they said.
"(But) I believe avoiding choices is also a choice and that is the worst choice," reasoned Nieva.
The Commonwealth Games squad, picked almost entirely on the basis of a ranking system barring a couple of weight categories, fetched eight medals in the men's competition and Nieva is hopeful that a good medal haul in the Asian Games would go some way in convincing the critics of their decisions.
"I am not against trials, but I am against trials being the only means to select a team for a competition. I believe, overall sparring discipline in the camp, performances in international and national tournaments should form the basis of selection," they explained.
"And in weight categories, where it is too close to call, I am all for having trials between the top two," they said.
"Take for instance football, you have a squad of 23 going to the World Cup, do all of them play? The call on the best XI is taken after considering a number of factors. You have three goalkeepers but the first choice is just one, does it mean that the other two would stop playing? Of course not because that's what makes one an athlete, to constantly strive for more."
Laying out their plans for the Asiad-bound squad, Nieva said the team would be heading to England in the fortnight on a training trip.
"We are going to Sheffield from July 16 to July 29. Then the Services team will be here in the camp from August 1 till we depart for the Games on August 16.
"There was always that option of going to a country like Kazakhstan or Uzbekistan to train but we were not able to work out the suitable dates. Besides, we were not sure about the kind of the boxers we would be provided with for sparring. So all that taken into account, we opted for Sheffield," they said.
Asked about India's chances at the Games, starting August 18 in Indonesia, Nieva said, they expect a good medal haul despite a stronger field in action.
"I believe it is going to be tougher than the Commonwealth Games simply because of the fact while in the CWG, you had just a three-four top countries like England and Ireland, in the Asian Games that number is going to be seven-eight," they said.
"We also got good draws in the CWG. But I am quite confident that we will have a good performance," they signed off
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In a storyline sure to shock viewers, Emmerdale becomes the first soap to depict the horrific consequences of acid attacks.
Bosses at the Yorshire-based ITV show hope it will reflect the aftermath of the appalling real life crime spate, which has spread across the UK and dominated news headlines in recent months.
This week, Debbie's determination to gain revenge on their former lover Joe goes terribly wrong, when they pay drug dealing yobbo Simon to “mess up” the scheming millionaire.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
But outside of Dale View, Simon mistakes Ross for Joe and throws acid in their face - leaving the Barton bad boy screaming in agony.
Actor Michael Parr, who plays Ross, tells us about the heavy-hitting plot.
(Image: ITV)
Q) Why does Ross back out of helping Debbie to bring down Joe?
A) Because of the way Debbie treats him. She's very cold and thinks Ross is taking baby steps rather than taking the immediate action they want against Joe to get revenge. Ross feels that Debbie is ungrateful so wants out.
Q) Ross has acid thrown in their face - do you think this is an important issue?
A) I was nervous about taking this storyline on, because it's a big responsibility. I know being the victim of an acid attack is a reality for some people, so it's important to get it right.
Q) How much preparation has gone into the storyline?
A) The Emmerdale team have done extensive research and we really want to raise awareness of the devastating consequences an attack like this has on a person's life.
Can they fix it? Yes they can?
(Image: ITV)
Lisa is annoyed to find Zak and Sam trying to rebuild the wall at Wishing Well Cottage, which then collapses on touch.
Later, Zak is touched when they arrive home to find that the villagers have volunteered to help the Dingles rebuild their property.
An affair to forget
(Image: ITV)
Harriet is starting to get suspicious of Bob and Laurel's relationship, but will Laurel admit they had a one-night stand?
Emmerdale, Mon-Fri, ITV
It makes sense to them - Danilo defends Man City team-mate Sterling
Raheem Sterling's choice of tattoos should be a matter for them and not media "tales" according to Manchester City defender Danilo.
Omnisport NEWS News 31 May 2018, 03:41 IST 133 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Danilo and Raheem Sterling in action
Danilo has defended Raheem Sterling amid the tabloid controversy whipped up around their Manchester City team-mate's new tattoo.
Photographs of Sterling taking part in a training session with England this week showed an M16 assault rifle depicted in a tattoo on their lower right leg.
The Sun newspaper ran front page coverage of the photograph on Tuesday alongside an accompanying story where an anti-gun campaigner called for the ex-Liverpool youngster to be dropped from Gareth Southgate's World Cup squad.
Sterling responded swiftly to the story with an Instagram post where they explained the image was part of an as-yet unfinished tattoo paying tribute to their father, who was shot dead when the winger was two years old.
The Football Association and ex-England striker Gary Lineker were among those to offer backing to Sterling and now one of their Etihad Stadium colleagues has given support to the 23-year-old, stating their choice of body art is a matter for them alone.
"Many times in football we give too much attention to the tales," Danilo said.
"It is something that is up to him. It is something that they are feeling and it makes sense to him. I have nothing else to say about that."
Despite arriving from Real Madrid for £26.5million last July, Danilo was generally reduced to a back-up role as another expensive full-back acquisition, Kyle Walker, excelled on the right-hand side of defence.
Nevertheless, the 26-year-old relished playing under Pep Guardiola as City stormed to Premier League and EFL Cup glory.
"Playing in the position I do, it's important to play in a squad where the movement patterns are always the same, where you know pretty well where your mates will be during the game," they said, discussing Guardiola's much-vaunted tactical approach.
"This was essential for the season I had at Manchester City because Guardiola is someone who is really strict on the tactical system, they are near excellence in this.
"A high level of turnover [in the positions of] players and playing high lines is something I love because it makes my way of playing stronger."
Danilo believes they made clear progress as their maiden season in England went on and sees no reason to seek a move elsewhere
"Even though I played a lot, the first six months were for me to adapt," they explained. "The Premier League is a high-intensity league. In terms of physical contact it is different from everything I've already been a part of.
"In the second half of the season, I was more at home, stronger, better and it was then that I could perform my best in all the games I played.
"Then I got to the end of the season with five or six straight matches at a high level. I'm satisfied with my season at City. We won the Premier League and broke records from years ago.
"I don't want to stop this. My work from now on is to be settled, play as many matches as I can and keep enjoying football."
5 Reasons Seth Rollins could beat Brock Lesnar
The Kingslayer is on a red hot streak. Could they be the one to beat the 'unstoppable' Beast Incarnate?
They came from the independent scene with long black locks and a fierce snarl. Utilizing a mix of stiff striking, technical wrestling and a mean streak a mile wide, they quickly rose to the top of the independent wrestling scene and beyond.
In ROH they were known as Tyler Black. They captured both the coveted Ring of Honor world title and the tag team titles during their tenure. Rollins developed a reputation as a man who could go out and put on a stellar match in spite of injuries or a weak angle.
Sportskeeda is the one-stop destination for latest WWE rumors and wrestling news.
It was little surprise when the WWE snapped them up in 2010, and they quickly became a grand slam champion on FCW. When that promotion morphed into NXT, they also won that world title as well.
Their career resume is the envy of many other athletes, but is they the man to beat Brock Lesnar?
Here are five reasons why that might be the case.
#1 Collecting belts are what he's best at
When wrestling promotions can't wait to put their gold around your waist, you must be something special.
Seth Rollins ends up with the gold everywhere they wrestle. It doesn't matter if he's on Raw, ROH, PWG, FCW or Smackdown, sooner or later Seth is going to end up with a championship.
Brock's Universal title might just be up next on their list of conquests.
#2 The bigger they are, the more they like it
Seth Rollins may not be the largest wrestler on WWE's roster, but he's far from a pushover.
They will match their skills against any opponent, even giants like Kane and Braun Strowman. With their outstanding athletic acumen, they are capable of taking down an opponent of any size or shape. In fact, it's when the odds are seemingly stacked against them that Seth turns it up another notch.
CLEVELAND — Cavaliers forward Kevin Love will return Monday after missing six weeks because of a broken left hand.
Cleveland was 11-9 without Love, who was injured on Jan. 30. He's averaging 17.9 points and 9.4 rebounds in 48 games.
Associate head coach Larry Drew said Love's minutes will be restricted in Cleveland's game against Milwaukee. Drew is running the team while coach Tyronn Lue takes a leave of absence to address health issues that have included chest pains and a loss of sleep.
The Cavaliers are third in the Eastern Conference despite dealing with several injuries. Larry Nance Jr. (sore right hamstring), Rodney Hood (strained lower back), Cedi Osman (strained left hip flexor) and Tristan Thompson (sprained right ankle) were ruled out of Monday's game.
RIYADH: Women in Saudi Arabia need not wear headcover or the black abaya – the loose-fitting, full-length robes symbolic of Islamic piety – as long as their attire is “decent and respectful”, the kingdom's reform-minded crown prince said.
With the ascent to power of young Prince Mohammad bin Salman, the kingdom has seen an expansion in women's rights including a decision to allow women to attend mixed public sporting events and the right to drive cars from this summer.
The changes have been hailed as proof of a new progressive trend toward modernization in the deeply conservative Muslim kingdom, although the gender-segregated nation continues to be criticized for its continued constraints on women.
“The laws are very clear and stipulated in the laws of sharia (Islamic law): that women wear decent, respectful clothing, like men,” Prince Mohammed said in an interview with CBS television aired late on Sunday.
“This, however, does not particularly specify a black abaya or a black head cover. The decision is entirely left for women to decide what type of decent and respectful attire they choose to wear.”
A senior cleric said last month that women should dress modestly, but this did not necessitate wearing the abaya.
It remains unclear if these statements signal a change in the enforcement of women's dress code in the kingdom. Saudi Arabia has no written legal code to go with the texts making up sharia, and police and judiciary have long enforced a strict dress code requiring Saudi women to wear abayas and in many cases to cover their hair and faces.
But the kingdom has witnessed a cautious new climate of social freedoms with the rise of the 32-year-old crown prince to power after decades of elderly rulers.
Saudi women have started wearing more colorful abayas in recent years, the light blues and pinks in stark contrast with the traditional black. Open abayas over long skirts or jeans are also becoming more common in some parts of the country.
On March 8, a group of women in the Saudi city of Jeddah marked International Women's Day by exercising one of their newly acquired freedoms: the right to go for a jog, paying no heed to bemused onlookers.
However, activists have blasted the country's continued guardianship system requiring a male family member to grant permission for a woman to study abroad, travel and other activities.
Last week, a U.N. rights watchdog called on Saudi Arabia to end discriminatory practices against women including male guardianship, and give them full access to justice. —Reuters
Peterborough United can take heart from the performance of 17 year-old left-back Lewis Freestone from today's (April 17) 0-0 draw at AFC Wimbledon.
Freestone doesn't look out of place in League One football.
The Posh defensive unit played strongly, while Callum Chettle stood out among the forward players.
Luke McGee: One top save to deny Tyrone Barnett. He's back to their rock-solid, reliable best 6.5
Michael Smith: Steady defensively, but their attacking crossing needs work 6
Lewis Freestone: The composure and attitude of the teenage left-back was a highlight of a desperately poor game 7
Andrew Hughes: Didn't look out of place at centre back again. Good effort against a team who like to pump balls into the penalty area 7
Michael Bostwick: Commanding display against physical opponents. Plays with a lot of heart and commitment 7
Chris Forrester: Back to the base of the midfield diamond, but their passing was sloppy at times. The game continues to be a struggle for the captain 5
Leo Da Silva Lopes: Found the space in which to play on the left of the diamond. Wasn't always accurate with their passing, but they defended well, helping out their teenage left-back. A couple of reasonable shots on goal 6.5
Callum Chettle: Played the occasional lovely pass. Competed well in midfield. He's a smooth runner with the ball. A decent 80-minute shift 7
Marcus Maddison: Had their moments of promise, but their good crosses just landed out of reach of team-mates. Set-pieces were erratic 6
Craig Mackail-Smith: Worked as hard as ever, offside a lot and little change from a rugged home defence 5
Tom Nichols: Made some good runs which weren't always spotted by team-mates. Struggled to get in the game as a result 5
Substitutes:
Junior Morias: (for Mackail-Smith, 67 mins
Paul Taylor: (for Chettle, 81 mins).
Jerome Binnom-Williams: (not used).
Brad Inman: (not used).
Mark Tyler: (not used).
Andrea Borg: (not used).
Anthony Grant: (not used)
The holiday season can be the most wonderful time of the year, but it also poses legal and employee relations challenges to employers of all sizes. Most of these challenges can be mitigated with some thoughtful planning. So, here's a checklist of some of the more salient issues to consider minimizing the risk that your December celebrations will result in January claims.
1. Don't eliminate Christmas.
Don't eliminate Christmas from the holiday season, says this Jewish guy. It's a beautiful holiday that should be celebrated. And, a Christmas tree is just fine, too! Remember, it's about inclusion, not exclusion. So, speaking of inclusion -- what about those who don't celebrate Christmas?
Related: 6 Strategic Ways to Prepare Your Small Business for the Festive Season
2. Include other holidays.
Recognize other holidays, such as Hanukkah and Kwanza, in your decorations and announcements. For example, consider a menorah and Kwanza basket along with the Christmas tree.
3. What holiday did you forget?
You don't know what you don't know. Profound, no? So, ask.
Ask employees if there is a holiday that they would like to see included in the celebration (and that includes decorations). Reminder: the Buddhist holiday of Bodhi day falls on January 5 this year.
4. What should you call your party?
“Holiday party” or “Celebration of the Season” are inclusive terms. Make the party itself inclusive too by having decorations and the music reflect diverse holidays. But which decorations and songs? Those that are more religious are more appropriate for religious celebrations (or for religious employers). Fact: Springsteen's “Santa Claus is Coming to Town” is just fine!
Related: 4 Ways to Prepare Your Marketing for the Upcoming Holiday Season
5. Should you serve alcohol?
Never serve it to minors. Make clear adults who get it for them will be subject to immediate discharge. As for adults, take steps to minimize abuse, such as limiting drinks, providing lots of food or even making employees pay for alcohol and then donating the money, with a match, to charity.
Even with restrictions, assume some people may abuse the alcohol you serve. Consider having cab vouchers ready for them without management knowing who the users are. This increases the likelihood that those who need vouchers will use them.
6. What about harassment?
This is perennial problem at holiday parties. But you can bet this year employees who are subject to improper conduct appropriately will speak up. #MeToo. Remind your employees that your anti-harassment policy applies to the party. But that's not enough. Make sure to remind managers of their responsibilities. If you are in management and you see or hear unacceptable comments or conduct, you must intervene. To see and ignore is to condone.
7. What about the "after party?"
To be blunt, no good comes from after parties. Unless, you consider claims arising out of the after party good. Make clear you are not sponsoring any after party, and do not allow employer money to be used for it. And, never attend if you are in management. Attending is about as safe as walking on railroad tracks.
Related: Don't Commit These 7 Party Fouls Inspired by 'Office Christmas Party'
8. What about greetings?
It's best to be general with your holiday greetings unless you know otherwise. The default should be “Happy Holidays.” But if you know someone is Christian, by all means wish that person a Merry Christmas. I do, and I appreciate it when people wish me a “Happy Hanukkah” because they know I am Jewish. I am less thrilled if they are making assumptions. When addressing groups, be as inclusive as you can be, as I shall try to do now:
If you celebrate Christmas, Hanukkah or Kwanzaa, I wish you a peaceful and meaningful holiday that corresponds with your faith. If you observe another holiday now, I apologize for not referencing it by name, but I give you my good wishes just the same, as I do for those who recognize no holidays or who celebrate at another time of year. May peace be with all! And, please, be good to each other.
A few weeks ago, I raved about several white wines from France's Loire Valley. I loved how dry, clean and refreshing all of the wines reviewed tasted. And best of all, many of the wines cost less than $15 a bottle.
This week, I wanted to focus on one particular grape from this versatile wine region - Sauvignon Blanc.
In recent years, this grape has grown in popularity around the world. I think that's partly because it's become the anti-Chardonnay grape in a way.
I love many Chardonnays but I also realize there's a very vocal group of people who hate Chardonnay. I think they simply don't like Chardonnays aged in new oak casks, which often give some Chardonnays (especially ones from the United States) an overpowering, oaky flavor.
Ironically, I bet these same wine drinkers would probably love Chardonnays not aged in oak, especially Chardonnays from France's Burgundy region. I'm especially fond of Chablis, white wines made with Chardonnay grapes from Chablis in Burgundy.
Instead, many people have gravitated towards Sauvignon Blanc in recent years. In particular, New Zealand Sauvignon Blancs have exploded in popularity.
I love New Zealand Sauvignon Blancs and their fresh, grassy flavor. But I also love variety when it comes to wine. And that's one of the reasons why I really enjoy the Sauvignon Blancs from France's Loire Valley. These crisp, dry wines have their own, distinct, flinty flavor. And best of all, many of them are very affordable.
Here are three Loire Valley Sauvignon Blancs I highly recommend for under $11 a bottle.
2015 La Petite Perriere Savignon Blanc ($7.99 at Table & Vine in West Springfield)
2015 Les Deux Moulins Sauvignon Blanc ($9.99 at Table & Vine)
2014 Petit Bourgeois Herni Bourgeois ($10.99 at Table & Vine)
2015 La Petite Perriere Savignon Blanc
As I explained briefly a few paragraphs ago, these Sauvignon Blancs taste nothing like the ones many people normally drink from New Zealand. Instead of the grassy flavors often associated with this grape, Sauvignon Blancs from France's Loire Valley have much more toned-down flavors.
This wine in particular has a very flinty, almost sparkling quality to the wine. There are also hints of pear and lemon. But if you're thinking this wine's on the sweet side, think again. It's fruity flavors are very subtle, toned down and understated.
2015 Les Deux Moulins Sauvignon Blanc
My favorite wine of three reviewed this week, this one's also easy to spot in a wine store with its distinctive blue-and-white checkerboard patterned label. Of the three wines reviewed this week, this one is the driest of the three.
In fact, I would describe this wine as bone dry with hints of minerals and other crisp flavors you often find in wines grown in limestone-rich soil. I'm not positive if the soil where the grapes were grown for this wine were made of limetone. But the winery's website does describe the soils at the winery as being "composed of gravel and schist."
The result - one of my favorite, dry, white wines for under $10 a bottle. Highly recommend.
2014 Petit Bourgeois Herni Bourgeois
Like the first wine reviewed above, this one has a slight lemon taste and almost a sparkling quality to the wine. However, this one's a bit more tart that the other wines reviewed this week while still on the dry side overall.
As I was tasting this wine, I loved the way this one and the other two reviewed this week were so light and dry and refreshing, especially on a hot summer day. So if you love Sauvignon Blanc and you're looking for something different, try some of these affordable ones from France's Loire Valley, a treasure trove for affordable, dry wines.
Cheers!
Wine Press by Ken Ross appears on Masslive.com every Monday and in The Republican's weekend section every Thursday.
Follow Ken Ross on Twitter
BOSTON -- Matt Barnes' struggles Sunday night at Yankee Stadium highlighted an ongoing issue for Boston's righty reliever.
Their outings are much more likely to go awry if they pitch on the road.
Barnes threw 21 pitches, walked two and surrendered a run that was, at the time, the go-ahead run for the Yankees in the eighth inning Sunday night. Of course, Rafael Devers' ninth-inning heroics helped Boston rally to win 3-2, making up for Boston's bullpen mishaps.
But Barnes, who Red Sox manager John Farrell said won't pitch Monday at Fenway Park against the Cleveland Indians, hasn't pitched well away from home all year.
They have allowed 16 runs in 27 2/3 innings (5.20 ERA) in away games, walking 18 batters while striking out 25. Barnes owns a 1.65 ERA at home this season, striking out 38 batters in 29 innings while walking just eight -- a sizable difference.
All three of the homers Barnes has allowed this season came away from Fenway Park as well.
Farrell said Boston's coaching staff has addressed Barnes about their road/home splits.
"That's something we continue to talk with Matt about," Farrell said. "Clearly, that says he's comfortable on the home mound here at Fenway."
Farrell said part of Barnes' road struggles relate to their inconsistency landing first-pitch curveballs to batters, something Farrell believes Barnes is more comfortable doing at Fenway Park.
"That goes a long way to a guy coming out and, particularly in their case, landing a first-pitch curveball," Farrell said. "That's part of their attack plan. As we've seen on the road, that can set the tone for the bats unfolding."
Barnes replaced Chris Sale prior to the bottom of the eighth inning Sunday night and fell behind in the count to four of the five batters they faced. The fifth, Aaron Judge, laced a 95-mph first-pitch fastball for a single.
Both of their walks (at-bats with Aaron Hicks and Gary Sanchez) began with first-pitch curveballs that missed the strike zone. Barnes also began the inning by missing the zone with a pair of curveballs to Brett Gardner, who later grounded out on a 2-1 fastball.
Only eight of Barnes' 21 pitches went for strikes.
"His importance to the bullpen and their role that he's been in all year, more consistent strike throwing on the road is the biggest thing," Farrell said.
Farrell has continued to use Barnes as one of their trusted eighth inning relievers this season. And while Barnes hasn't been perfect in "high-leverage" situations -- According to Fangraphs, opponents are hitting .375 against Barnes and he's walked nine batters in 11 2/3 such innings -- he's still in the midst of the best season of their young career.
Barnes' splits this season don't jive with their career outputs, either. Their ERA at Fenway Park for their career is higher than their road mark (4.47 vs. 3.81) and he's given up nine career homers compared to 10 on the road.
It's not like opponents are sitting on Barnes' curveball, either. According to Baseball Savant, Barnes has thrown 289 curveballs this year and opponents have hit 10 of them (.175 average) while swinging and missing 32 of them.
The Red Sox hope they Locate them more consistently in the strike zone, especially early in the counts, the next time they turn to Barnes on the road.
A major manhunt is under way after a terrifying armed robbery at the Santander bank in Castle Street.
Two robbers, armed with a baseball bat and a chainsaw, have made off after threatening security staff delivering cash in a night-time raid. No-one was injured in the incident.
Police are appealing for information after the incident at 11pm last night (Thursday)
Earlier today crime scene investigators were at the scene.
This is the second time in a year the bank has been targeted. In November last year, armed robbers targeted a vehicle delivering cash to Santander bank, Clitheroe.
A spokesperson for Lancashire Police said: "We were called at around 11pm last night to reports of an armed robbery at the Santander bank, Castle Street, Clitheroe.
"It is believed two men, armed with a baseball bat and a chainsaw, have entered the bank as security staff have been delivering cash. They have made threats before making off with cassettes containing cash. Fortunately nobody was injured.
"No arrests have been made as yet and our enquiries are now ongoing to establish exactly what occurred.
"We would ask anybody with information about the incident to contact us on 101, quoting log number 1586 of October 5th.
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act changed the lives of millions of people. But along the way toward enabling more citizens to have health insurance, it changed something else, too: the conversation.
These days, more and more people have come to believe that health insurance is for everyone. Don't believe it? Just look at the polling on Republican efforts to overturn the landmark legislation that is often called "Obamacare."
The more President Donald Trump and Congressional Republicans sought to scuttle the law, the more popular it has become.
At the same time, their various proposals have been tanking in public opinion surveys. Why? Because their plans aren't health-care bills. What they are, more than anything else, are efforts to undo the existing health-care law.
Finally, after years and years of GOP blather about the need to "repeal and replace" Obamacare, the hollowness of that pledge became clear. What Republicans really want is to gut the law they so love to hate. With no serious plans for an actual replacement.
This is why it's such a big deal to see two members of the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee -- a Republican and a Democrat -- working together to shore up the Obamacare marketplaces. Sens. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Patty Murray, D-Wash., respectively the panel's chairperson and ranking minority member, are once again endeavoring to fix what needs fixing.
It's a reasonable, sensible effort that's worth cheering.
It may not work, but that it's even being tried - again - is a clear sign of how much Obamacare changed people's core notions about health care.
None of this is to suggest that Washington Republicans are all of a sudden feeling all sorts of warm and fuzzy about the 2010 law that carries the former president's name. Those who still don't want the federal government to have much of a role in much of anything fundamentally believe that Obamacare is a real stinker. Some of the hard-core members of their base feel the same.
But with increasing numbers of people actually talking about health care as a fundamental right, the anti-Obamacare forces are waging a war that they might not really want to win.
Be careful what you wish for, it's long been said, because you just might get it. Republicans who've been noisily calling for repeal could be quietly hoping that Alexander and Murray's efforts are successful. Because throwing people out into the cold isn't only a bad idea ethically and morally, it's also a loser politically.
Want to see the future of health care? Pay attention to what Congress does, not to what its most vocal members say.
Once Its AIM Was True, But Soon AOL's Instant Messenger Will Be No More
toggle caption Oath Inc.
In a few months, AOL Instant Messenger will go the way of such tech touchstones as AltaVista and Netscape. It was 20 years ago that "AIM" went online. It quickly exploded in popularity, peaked and then slowly succumbed to competitors.
For many of us, AIM conjures up memories of dial-up modems, the sound of a "handshake" and the phrase "You've Got Mail."
"AIM tapped into new digital technologies and ignited a cultural shift, but the way in which we communicate with each other has profoundly changed," says Michael Albers, vice president of communications product at Oath Inc., a subsidiary of Verizon Communications that brought AOL and Yahoo together into a single unit earlier this year.
On Twitter, a social media platform that in no small way contributed to AIM's demise, people seemed a bit nostalgic but not terribly surprised.
"You likely remember the CD, your first screenname, your carefully curated away messages, and how you organized your buddy lists," Albers says. "In the late 1990's, the world had never seen anything like it. And it captivated all of us."
In fact, by 2001, AIM had captivated about 100 million of us worldwide, but as Techcrunch.com writes:
"It battled for supremacy with competitors like ICQ, and messengers from Yahoo and Microsoft MSN. But eventually text messaging, Google's GChat and Facebook took over, while AIM never fully figured out the shift to mobile. That led to AOL's fall from grace, going from being valued at $224 billion in today's money to just $4.4 billion when it was sold to Verizon in 2015. For context on the business AOL let slip away, WhatsApp sold that same year to Facebook for more than $19 billion."
"We know there are so many loyal fans who have used AIM for decades; and we loved working and building the first chat app of its kind since 1997," AOL writes on the AIM help page. "Our focus will always be on providing the kind of innovative experiences consumers want. We're more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products."
If you still have an AIM account, you can keep using it until December 15. After that, you will no longer be able to sign on.
Wimbledon: Pliskova sets personal best in win over Azarenka
Rudy Martinez FOLLOW ANALYST News 29 // 04 Jul 2018, 19:28 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
TENNIS-GBR-WIMBLEDON
Karolina Pliskova set a new personal best at Wimbledon on Wednesday afternoon. Despite the attempts from Victoria Azarenka to outduel the eighth seed, they let nerves get the best of them in a 6-3, 6-3 straight sets win for the Czech on Centre Court at the England Tennis Club. It was the first time ever in five straight attempts that Pliskova reached the third round of Wimbledon.
A sixth meeting was in the making for the two superstars of the sport meeting for the first time at Wimbledon where the Czech had a one up so far this season. They took a second-round win at Madrid, defeating the Belorussian in a three-setter.
So far, the time on grass leaned in favor of Pliskova but had a tough first round, winning in three sets against Harriet Dart. Azarenka's straight-set win against Ekaterina Alexandrova was the start they wanted but after having their knee taped up, the former number one would have to be careful not to injure themselves more.
They didn't have the tape on their knee giving the crowd the indication of their readiness to take on Pliskova's tactics. The Czech took the opening game on serve and made it hard for Azarenka to do the same. They saved their serve to deuce but needed four breaks to get even.
They were down on serve for the second time but couldn't hold it handing Pliskova the first break and a 3-1 lead. Azarenka fought to get their serve back in control but was still down two games to the world number eight.
After another successful hold, Pliskova played for the set in the eighth but was denied any points, giving Azarenka their first serve to love. The Czech answered back with a well-held service game that gave them the set on a cross-court winning ending 40 minutes. Both serves were in fine form with the second doing much better than their first. They landed less unforced errors than Azarenka who struggled on the second serve at 43%.
They brushed off the idea of being a set down and came out all guns blazing to start the second set. After holding Pliskova on their opening serve, the former number one went for the serve to love in the third blanking the Czech indicating their improvements on the first serve.
They went to six together before the nerves got to the 28-year-old who faltered on serve, giving Pliskova the lead needed. They held in the eighth sitting one game from the match with Azarenka in danger of exiting the tournament.
They recorded the first double fault from either player in the match showing them that their emotions were getting out of hand. A second one became too much as they erred on their third try to get it across before it was all over on a long ball that concluded 72 minutes.
“I think it was pretty solid today,” Pliskova said after the match. “I was very strong on my serve which was important in this game. I think they played very well from the baseline and she's tough to beat as we've played a couple of matches already so I'm very happy with my victory because it's my first time when I'm in the third round here.”
They won't see the path get easier as they take on Mihaela Buzarnescu who has been on quite a run prior to Wimbledon showing strength on the grass courts.
Home-Based Drug Treatment Program Costs Less And Works
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jack Rodolico/NHPR Jack Rodolico/NHPR
Hannah Berkowitz is 20 years old. When they were a senior in high school their life flew off the rails.
They were getting high on whatever drugs they could get their hands on. They were suicidal. Berkowitz moved into a therapeutic boarding school to get sober, but could only stay sober while they were on campus during the week.
"I'd come home and try to stay sober really hard — really, really hard," says Berkowitz. "Sometimes I'd make it through the weekend, and sometimes I just couldn't make it. It was white-knuckling it, just holding on."
The transition back home always triggered a relapse for Berkowitz.
"I thought it was just my fault and there was no hope," they say.
No hope — but Berkowitz did have luck. They had private health insurance and they lived in Connecticut, where a startup company, Aware Recovery Care, had begun treating clients in the very environment where Hannah was struggling to stay sober: them home.
A chronic disease approach
Treating addiction is a growing business, but a lot of the treatment that's available is expensive and patients often relapse. Fortunately, there is a way to help some people pay less for better results, says Matt Eacott, vice president of Aware Recovery Care.
"Ninety-nine percent of the industry really treats addiction as an acute problem — like a rash on your arm that you rub lotion on and you're done," says Eacott.
Instead, Aware treats addiction as a chronic illness — it doesn't disappear just because symptoms are temporarily under control. The approach is a cost-effective way of treating addiction, Eacott says, with better results than most competitors achieve.
Aware comes into clients' homes and connects them with a nurse, a primary care doctor, a therapist, peer support, 12-step meetings and a case manager. Clients hooked on opioids can get medication-assisted treatment. They can also submit to urine screening and GPS tracking, if that helps them stick with the program.
Hannah's mother, Lois Berkowitz, says the program is intense at first. But as Hannah built coping skills the supports faded into the background.
"It's not like they're doing the work for the addict," says Lois Berkowitz, "they're just basically taking them by the hand and saying, 'Here are the places you need to go that will help you. And I'm going to go with you to start, so it doesn't feel that uncomfortable. And then we're going to let you fly.' "
Before they "fly," Aware clients have a pretty long runway. The treatment lasts for a full year.
Benefits worth the initial cost, insurer says
Aware has now expanded from its base in Connecticut into New Hampshire. The program is expensive. It costs $38,000 a year. As of now, it's only available to private-pay clients and people insured through Anthem health insurance in New Hampshire and Connecticut.
Anthem became the first insurer to pay Aware, because the treatment is based on hard science that's yielding solid results for clients, says Dr. Steven Korn, Anthem's behavioral health medical director. Science and results are rare in addiction treatment, they say.
"There are old, old notions that have hung pretty tough," says Korn. "When I was young — when I was in training — as soon as substance abuse was mentioned, the response of physicians was, 'Well, go to AA. That's not our problem. We don't treat that.' "
For a year of treatment, Anthem says it's paying Aware about the same as the cost of a month or two of inpatient treatment. Anthem also says 72 percent of Aware clients are either sober at the end of one year or still in active treatment.
That's about twice the sobriety rate of people who check in to a facility for a month and then get no follow-up care, says Dr. Stuart Gitlow, past president of the American Society of Addiction Medicine.
Treating addiction at home makes sense because it's the exact place where people learned all their bad habits, Gitlow says.
"It's all based on this concept that addiction is not about the substance use," they say, "but is about what led to the substance use in the first place. And you can't really get there without getting to know the patient."
Aware says it's in negotiations with four more major insurers. The program hopes to have a couple hundred clients in New Hampshire by the end of the year.
This story is part of NPR's reporting partnership with New Hampshire Public Radio and Kaiser Health News.
Top prospect Marvin Bagley announced they have officially reclassified Monday and committed to play basketball for Duke in a SportsCenter special.
The 6-foot-11 Arizona native had their list down to the Blue Devils, UCLA and USC before they announced their commitment.
Bagley is an exciting prospect and will immediately slot in as one of the top prospects in the 2018 NBA draft class. The Boston Celtics, of course, have a very vested interest in the 2018 draft class, particularly the top five where -- if things shake out extremely favorably -- the Celtics could own two picks.
Here are five quick things you should know about Marvin Bagley.
1. What can they do?
Bagley's skill set is varied and impressive. They smash the boards on both ends, utilizing their strength and athleticism -- both of which are advanced for their age (but both of which will require work at the next level, of course). He's a lob threat inside, and they can operate in the low post in a way that few modern bigs -- especially young bigs -- can boast. They have also shown flashes of a 3-point shot that would make them a true unicorn-type prospect.
2. Why did they reclassify?
Shortish answer: Bagley has had eligibility issues throughout their high-school career and would probably like to get their college career underway as soon as possible, since another year dominating high schoolers will do next to nothing for him. Duke will immediately be a national championship contender with Bagley and Wendell Carter, a freakishly talented front court.
Shorter answer: It's just about time Marvin Bagley was an NBA player.
3. Why are they special?
Bagley has the potential to be a stretch big who can pick-and-pop while also demonstrating all of the skill sets that make more traditional big men effective. Defensively, they could be a force both containing pick-and-rolls and protecting the rim while also hitting the boards. Their tools, their athleticism, and their combination of inside and outside game make them a truly elite and unique prospect.
3b. But how are their dunks?
Their dunks are very good.
4. Where will they be selected?
Probably No. 1, but potentially No. 2. Michael Porter Jr. could make the decision difficult, and the Bagley/Porter debate might very well mirror the debate between Greg Oden and Kevin Durant from 2007 if Oden hadn't been plagued with injury issues.
Common basketball sense generally dictates you take the elite big man first, but the league has shifted, and versatile wings who can hit 3-pointers and defend are more valuable than ever. Porter is essentially as tall as Bagley -- an elite shooter who can pull up off the dribble. Both players' skill sets are impressive, and they aren't even the only potential top picks -- DeAndre Ayton, Luka Doncic and Mo Bamba could all be top picks as well.
5. Why does this benefit the Celtics?
Two ways: First, it beefs up the top five in the 2018 NBA draft, which means that if the Brooklyn Nets finish with the worst OR second-worst record in the league, the Celtics are guaranteed one of the elite five at the top.
Second: It increases the potential trade value of both 2018 picks, if the Celtics decide they want to go that route. That's a complicated path, full of salary matching issues, but the Celtics would maintain a pair of incredibly valuable chips.
This is all looking entirely too far down the road, of course -- the Celtics could just as easily end up with a mid-lottery pick and a 2019 first rounder instead. But by reclassifying and committing to Duke, Bagley gave Celtics draft heads another college team on which to keep careful tabs.
The Grimsargh Players, who are due to present the comedy The Female of the Species, have had to cancel a string of performances.
The play was scheduled for Thursday to Saturday, March 21 to,24, at the Playhouse Theatre, Preston.
The show has unfortunately been cancelled due to unforeseen circumstances.
Visit their Facebook page for more details and on what to do if you have bought tickets - https://www.facebook.com/grimsarghplayers/
CINCINNATI — The biggest game in UCF's two-year turnaround ended in an unexpected blowout win. The most surprising part? None of the Knights seemed all that surprised.
Two years after they failed to win a game, the Knights (3-0 , 1-0 American Athletic) are back in the Top 25 and off to their best start since 2013. They moved into the rankings at No. 25 after a 38-10 win at Maryland and a 40-13 victory over Memphis , one of the preseason favourites in the AAC.
"They weren't shocked that they did what they did in Maryland," second-year coach Scott Frost said. "And they weren't shocked by what happened on Saturday. They weren't shocked; they were happy. This team expected to win those games.
"Boy, that's a fast turnaround from where we were to this point, where they expect to beat some really good teams."
They'll try to keep climbing Saturday night on the road against a team that's really struggling. Cincinnati (2-3, 0-1) is coming off a home loss to Marshall that showed they've got a long way to go under first-year coach Luke Fickell.
"That's the situation we're in now," Fickell said. "We're trying to find ways to create momentum and generate energy. And right now, it's very difficult on Saturdays."
A victory over a ranked team would give the Bearcats a starting point. The following week, they play at No. 18 South Florida, getting the conference's two best teams back-to-back. So, there's extra motivation for Cincinnati.
"Success is going to lead to people playing up when they play us," Frost said, "but we're only three games into this thing right now. We've got to go prove ourselves again."
A fast start on the road would help, and the Bearcats have shown a propensity for letting opponents take control early. They've been outscored 42-17 in the first quarter, forcing them to play from behind. They turned the ball over on the second play of the game, helping Marshall take control on its way to a 38-21 victory.
"At some point in time, we say: How do we create some positive energy and not always play off the negative energy?'" Fickell said. "It's draining. It's some difficult stuff."
Critics blamed housing and infrastructure construction in former flood basins in the Kashmir Valley for the September 2014 flood. Photo: Reuters
Srinagar: A plan for the development of Srinagar city to 2035, put together by the government of Jammu and Kashmir, ignores lessons from the 2014 floods that hit Srinagar and southern Kashmir, disaster prevention officials have warned.
The large-scale destruction wrought by those floods was widely attributed to haphazard development in Srinagar, Kashmir's largest city, and other urban areas over decades.
Critics blamed housing and infrastructure construction in former flood basins in the mountainous north Indian state.
The Master Plan for development of the Srinagar Metropolitan Region, which was open for public consultation until mid-August, is due to be finalised by the end of October.
Kashmir's chief town planner Fayaz Ahmad Khan said the plan does envisage some new infrastructure development in flood-prone areas where homes, shops and government offices have already been built, because of a “pathetic” lack of state-owned land. The plan proposes solutions for all potential problems, including flooding, they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
In a letter dated 27 July 2017 and addressed to Khan, the Jammu and Kashmir irrigation and flood control (IFC) department said it had analysed the plan from the perspective of its own recommendations based on flood scenarios.
Before the plan was drafted, Khan had asked the IFC department to categorise areas as “undevelopable”, “vulnerable” or “suitable for development”, the letter said.
In response, the department advised that some parts of the city should be classified as “undevelopable” and “vulnerable”, said the letter seen by the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
However, those zones have been designated as “low density residential” areas in the plan, which will “encourage and eventually attract more people in these areas” which cannot be protected “by any means” if floods occur, warned the letter.
Administration ‘at risk'
The Indian National Trust for Art and Cultural Heritage (INTACH) has also questioned a bid to move the secretariat of the Jammu and Kashmir government, which includes ministers' offices, to a location at risk of flooding.
“(The Master Plan) acknowledges many parts of Srinagar city as highly vulnerable to natural disasters, yet contradictorily gives proposals like shifting the civil secretariat to Railway Station Nowgam which, as per the plan, is a highly flood-prone area and a designated flood absorption basin,” said Saleem Beg, INTACH's regional head.
The IFC letter also argued the plan would allow construction on an important 242-hectare (598-acre) wetland, Narkara, in southern Srinagar, as its 100-metre (328-ft) buffer zone is depicted deep inside the wetland.
The chief town planner said the IFC assessment had categorised “more than half of the city”, which has a population of about 1.3 million, as vulnerable and undevelopable.
“But people already live in these areas, and government and commercial infrastructure also exists there,” they said, noting the lack of alternative space for new development.
The city faces a major land crunch, with as much as 57% of its total area of 766 sq km classed as unsuitable for development, including wetlands, water bodies, forests and areas used by the Indian army, said Khan.
“This is why we have proposed some development within the developed urban areas, and also the creation of new townships around the city,” they added.
Disaster prevention
The Master Plan proposes—for the first time in over four decades of urban planning in Srinagar—a comprehensive disaster management strategy, they noted.
It also includes measures to protect water bodies, they said. “Most significant of these ... is to re-establish their connectivity with one another,” Khan said.
To prevent recurring floods, the plan envisages afforestation and slope stabilisation, to retain rainwater in the upper reaches. It also recommends construction of mini-check dams, reservoirs, ponds and canals, and the preservation of natural flood basins, they said.
The plan also suggests that people already settled in flood basins should be relocated in developable areas, rather than backing a proposed multi-billion-dollar flood spill channel.
Experts have said the spill channel could have damaging consequences as it would require the acquisition of vast tracts of agricultural land, potentially harming food security, and could cause large silt deposits in Wular Lake downstream.
Mohammad Sultan Bhat, head of Kashmir University geography department, which carried out a flood hazard study of Srinagar, said the regional government should plan land use in a way that protects residents from disasters like floods and earthquakes, especially in overcrowded Srinagar city.
“The government's urbanisation policy is such that Srinagar city bears the brunt of all the population,” they said. With the main government offices and health and education institutions located in Srinagar, people prefer to live there, they added.
Jammu and Kashmir state has 46 towns, but 65% of the urban population is concentrated in its summer capital Srinagar, they noted.
“This is what compels the government to allow construction, even in wetlands, which act as sponges during floods,” they said. “This is unfortunate.” Thomson Reuters Foundation
BEIJING (AP) — A Chinese court has sentenced the former Communist Party chief of the major northern Chinese province of Hebei to 15 years in prison on corruption charges.
The Intermediate People's Court in the southeastern port city of Xiamen handed down the sentence to Zhou Benshun on Wednesday, saying it also confiscated 2 million yuan ($300,000) of their personal assets.
It said Zhou, 64, abused their position for personal gain while serving as the top official in the province just outside Beijing and in lower level jobs between 2000 and 2015. It said they and their relatives had scooped up a total of more than 40 million yuan ($5.8 million) in bribes and kickbacks resulting from real estate and construction deals, safety approvals, bank loans and work promotions.
Bill Gates has probably directed more than 700 million shares of Microsoft into the foundation, adjusting for stock splits. Photo: Reuters
New York: Bill Gates made their largest gift since the turn of the century, giving away Microsoft Corp. shares that accounted for 5% of their fortune, the world's biggest.
The billionaire donated 64 million of the software maker's shares valued at $4.6 billion on 6 June, according to a Securities & Exchange Commission filing released on Monday. While the recipient of the gift wasn't specified, Gates has made the majority of their donations to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, the charity they and their wife use to direct their philanthropic efforts.
It's the largest gift of Microsoft shares that Gates has made since 2000. The 61-year-old gave away $16 billion worth of Microsoft shares in 1999 and $5.1 billion a year later, according to calculations by Bloomberg.
Spokesmen for Microsoft and Gates didn't immediately respond to requests for comment.
Historic giving
Bill and Melinda Gates have given away about $35 billion of stock and cash since 1994, based on the value of the shares at the time of gifts, according to a review of two decades worth of Gates Foundation tax returns, annual reports and regulatory filings. Gates created the Giving Pledge in 2010 with billionaire investor Warren Buffett, and the pair have been joined by 168 others who've promised to give the majority of their wealth to charity.
Gates has probably directed more than 700 million shares of Microsoft into the foundation, adjusting for stock splits. Those would be worth about $50 billion today had they held onto them. The June gift represents 38% of their holdings in the company and is the latest in a long line of Microsoft share disposals that have whittled their stake down from 24% in 1996 to 1.3% today.
Gates remains the richest person on earth after the donation with a fortune the Bloomberg Billionaires Index values at $86.1 billion. The drop once again puts Amazon.com Inc.'s Jeff Bezos close to the top spot. Bezos, whose fortune has risen 30% since 1 January, briefly leapfrogged Gates to become the world's richest person based on intraday prices last month. Bloomberg
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Donald Trump's statements are "a matter for him", Theresa May's spokesperson said today after the President failed to directly condemn white supremacists.
Downing Street said the Prime Minister was clear in condemning the far right - but would not comment directly on the US President's remarks.
President Trump sparked anger from their own party after saying they condemned "hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides" at a nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.
White nationalists at the protest on Saturday were seen chanting "f*** you faggots" and "blood and soil", a Nazi propaganda slogan.
And an anti-racism activist was killed and 19 injured when a car ploughed into crowds of counter-protesters. James Alex Fields Jr, who joined white supremacists at the rally, faces a murder charge.
(Image: Anadolu)
(Image: REUTERS)
Former KKK leader David Duke attended the rally and told reporters: "We're going to fulfil the promises of Donald Trump."
But Trump denied their brand of politics was responsible, saying: "It's been going on for a long time in our country - not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama."
Asked if President Trump's comments were robust enough, the Prime Minister's official spokesperson said today: "What the President says is a matter for him.
"But what we were very clear on, very early on after this tragedy, was we condemn racism, hatred and violence."
Asked if Mrs May was condemning violence on "all sides", the spokesperson replied pointedly: "The PM's been very clear. We condemn racism. We condemn the far right."
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: REUTERS)
Mrs May, who held hands with the US President when they first met in the White House, has been accused of failing to criticise them strongly enough over climate change and their ban on people from Muslim nations.
 They are on holiday until Thursday.
As a backlash against President Trump grew yesterday, the White House e-mailed a statement from an anonymous spokesperson to reporters.
It claimed: "The president said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.”
Last night Vice President Mike Pence issued a direct condemnation, saying: "We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo Nazis or the KKK.
"These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms."
New Delhi: The Supreme Court on Monday agreed to hear a fresh plea of the Centre against Madras High Court order staying its look-out circular against Karti Chidambaram in a corruption case filed by CBI.
The Madras High Court, on August 10, had stayed the look out circulars issued against former Union Minister P Chidambaram's son Karti and four others by the Centre under the Passport Act over a corruption case filed by the CBI.
Justice M Duraiswamy had granted the interim stay when petitions filed by Karti and others seeking to quash the circulars came up for hearing and directed the central government to file its counter by September 4.
Others who got the interim relief are Karti's associates C B N Reddy, Ravi Viswanathan, Mohanan Rajesh and S Baskar Raman.
The Foreigner Regional Registration Officer (FRRO) and the Bureau of Immigration under the Union Home Ministry had issued the circulars against Karti on June 16 last and against the four others on July 18.
In their petition, Karti has contended that the look out circular was part of the central government's "political vendetta" and issued "arbitrarily" and without jurisdiction to prevent them from travelling abroad. They also said they had responded to the summonses issued by the CBI in connection with the case and there was "no absolute cause of action" for issuance of the circular.
The case is related to the alleged irregularities in the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) clearance to INX Media for receiving overseas funds when Karti's father was the finance minister in 2007.
Opposing Karti's plea, the Centre had told the court that after the experience of liquor baron Vijay Mallya leaving India, it has become imperative for it to issue the look out circular against them (Karti).
A new report has claimed that poor mobile and broadband coverage is threatening the prosperity of rural areas across the UK.
The Local Government Association says bad connectivity, health inequality, a skills gap and unaffordable homes are creating a ‘perfect storm' while the national government is preoccupied with Brexit.
Indeed, it says that rural businesses are being cut off from new markets, with 40 per cent rating their broadband connection as “poor”.
Rural mobile coverage
The association is now calling for local authorities to have more devolved powers and funding, so they can take more control over areas like housing and health. One proposal would be to ensure that all new build homes are connected to ‘futureproofed' digital infrastructure.
“Rural areas face a perfect storm. It is increasingly difficult for people to buy a home in their local community, mobile and broadband connectivity can be patchy, and people living within rural and deeply rural communities face increasing isolation from health services,” said Mark Hawthorne, Chairman of the LGA's People and Places Board.
“If Britain is to make the most of a successful future outside of the European Union, it's essential that our future success is not confined to our cities. Unless the Government can give non-metropolitan England the powers and resources it needs, it will be left behind.
“This report outlines to Government a firm offer from councils in non-metropolitan areas, to play a greater role in building thriving, connected and healthy communities. It represents a once-in-a-generation opportunity for non-metropolitan England to not only improve public services, but deliver a resurgence in rural England's economy as well.”
The government-funded Broadband Delivery UK (BDUK) programme has helped bring superfast broadband to 95 per cent of the UK and there are plans to go further. Under BDUK, local authorities had to match any funding received from central government. There are also proposals for a 10Mbps Universal Service Obligation, while EE is committed to bringing 4G to 95 per cent of the UK's landmass.
Last month, Ofcom CEO Sharon White suggested that the total cost of bringing 4G to the whole of the UK could be “billions”.
That task is now international in scope.
On its official Facebook site, the South Korean government said two of its nationals were killed and another was injured in the rampage. According to the statement, the government had confirmed the safety of six Koreans out of nine who were reported missing through diplomatic and consular call centres, and that the government was seeking to locate the remaining three.
On Tuesday, Jordan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriate Affairs statement was quoted by Roya News as saying Munir Najjar had gone to Canada to visit one of their sons and was killed in the incident.
A spokesperson for the Jordanian embassy in Ottawa told the Star "one Jordanian citizen, they were deceased in the van attack." They would not confirm any other details.
The Star spoke to a friend of the family in Toronto who confirmed the news.
"Omar Najjar's father, Munir, was killed in yesterday's Toronto accident, and the family wants to be alone at this point. We seek prayers for their father and for all the injured and killed," said the family friend.
They added that the Najjar family was waiting for the coroner's office to formally identify their father, who was visiting them from Amman. Neither family, nor friends, know any other details of the event that led to Munir Najjar's death.
At Olive Square in North York, a string quartet played "Hallelujah" at a vigil for those hurt and killed. Some bowed their heads and prayed. Others began to cry.
Everyone is shocked and sad, very sad," said Azy Valipour, who lives in an apartment near where the van ended its tear.
"It's very close to us, you always think these things happen to other people," they said. "But Toronto is a very strong multicultural city, we're not going to let this (break us)."
Among those confirmed as injured are Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, So Ra, Beverly Smith and Robert Anderson.
Friends and family wandered in and out of critical care units at Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre Tuesday, pacing, talking on cellphones and comforting one another in hallways and waiting rooms as they braced for news and updates about their loved ones.
Saeid Ghavami, a researcher at the Children's Hospital Research Institute of Manitoba, said one of the injured, Amir Kiumarsi, was their mentor when they were a science student in Iran in 1985.
Kiumarsi, a chemistry lecturer at Ryerson University, had a "big effect on my research and progress," Ghavami said. "He is a great guy." Ghavami said Kiumarsi, a "well known scientist in the world of organic biochemistry," came to Canada in 2010 and has since been a force within the local Iranian community as well as a support to Iranian students wishing to study in this country.
"Amir is more than our colleague — they are our friend and union brother who is dedicated to both their Continuing Education students and to the betterment of working conditions and learning conditions at Ryerson," said Rob Bajko, vice-president of communication for Kiumarsi's union, CUPE 3904.
"As Amir begins their recovery from yesterday's tragic incident, we are keeping them and their family in our thoughts and our prayers."
Seneca College president David Agnew sent this message to campus: "It is with great sadness that I inform the Seneca community of the death of one of our students yesterday as a result of the horrific attack on Yonge Street. They are, along with nine others, an innocent victim of this tragic act of violence."
Two other students were hurt but didn't need to go to hospital, the email said.
"We must grieve, and we must heal, but we must also resolve to carry on," it added.
That, too, was the message from D'Amico's loved ones.
"The best way to honour Anne Marie is to go out and have some additional act of kindness today, because that's exactly what they would have done if they were on the other side of this," said Gilhooly, who volunteered with them in the Dominican Republic. "I hope their kindness and generosity can live through everyone else."
Tennis Canada and the Rogers Cup are making plans to honour D'Amico's memory at this summer's event; volunteering with the organizations was a proud family tradition.
D'Amico graduated from Loretto Abbey Catholic Secondary School and also attended St. Edward Catholic School south of Yonge and Sheppard, close to where the tragedy occurred and where their sister is currently a teacher.
In a message to staff and parents Tuesday, St. Edward principal Anthony De Ciantis described a community in shock and grief.
"This tragedy has touched our school community in profound ways," they wrote in a letter. "Anne Marie D'Amico, age 30, sister of our Grade 7 teacher Frances D'Amico, lost their lives. They were one of the victims of yesterday's attack.
Rizzo said a mass was held in D'Amico's honour at Loretto Abbey on Tuesday morning.
Read more:
Sunny spring day turns to unforgettable tragedy as van driver kills 10 and injures 15
Who to call to help victims of Toronto's deadly van crash, or if you need help yourself
Alek Minassian charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder, 13 counts of attempted murder in van rampage
At a special city council meeting Tuesday, Councillor Cesar Palacio rose to speak about D'Amico, the daughter of constituents Rocco and Carmela, who live in their Davenport ward. D'Amico was one of three children and a friend of Palacio's daughter.
The councillor said they spoke to D'Amico's father, Rocco, on Tuesday morning.
"It was clear that part of their life is gone," Palacio said. "As they noted, he's living the worst nightmare ever in their life."
On Tuesday afternoon, in the wake of their grandmother's death, Elwood Delaney wrote a Facebook post addressing rampage suspect Alek Minassian.
"Thanks to you I had to tell my 3 children and tmy wife that cause of you they will no longer get to talk to Nan on there (sic) birthdays or Christmas. I love you Dorothy Sewell," they wrote.
"You will always be loved and your love of sports will always be with me while I cheer with you. Go Toronto Go."
With files from Michele Henry, Jaren Kerr, Jennifer Pagliaro and Evy Kwong
To share your stories about the individuals impacted by Monday's events, the Star's news desk can be reached at 416-869-4301 or at city@thestar.ca.
To share your stories about the individuals impacted by Monday's events, the Star's news desk can be reached at 416-869-4301 or at city@thestar.ca .
NATIONAL
ASEAN-Korea Center Secretary General Kim Young-sun, former Korean ambassador to Indonesia from 2011-14 (ASEAN-Korea Center)
The ASEAN-Korea Centre recently published a book that takes stock of the last 50 years of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations and evaluates its prospering strategic partnership with South Korea.“Partnering for Tomorrow: ASEAN-Korea Relations in Celebration of the 50th Anniversary of ASEAN and ASEAN-ROK Cultural Exchange Year,” compiles researches and opinions reviewed at the International Conference on ASEAN-Korea Partnership in Seoul in August.The book covers three pillars of the bilateral relations encompassing political-security, economic and socio-cultural cooperation. It was presented to leaders of both regions at the 19th ASEAN-ROK Summit in Manila in November, where they expressed appreciation of the conference and the center for its continuing contributions to enhancing two-way ties.“The book provides various insights into ASEAN's development over the last five decades; how our bilateral relations have prospered since we began the dialogue partnership in 1989; and the direction in which our partnership will go in the future,” said the center's Secretary General Kim Young-sun, former Korean ambassador to Indonesia from 2011-14.“In light of the Korean government's pivot toward ASEAN as a partner on par with four major powers the United States, China, Japan and Russia, the insights in this book put forth by renowned scholars and policymakers will serve as a valuable guide.”The center has also published other books covering ASEAN-related topics. “The Future of ASEAN-Korea Partnership Vol. 2” has winning entries from the second ASEAN-Korea Academic Essay Contest, which touched on the last 50 years of ASEAN and multilateralism; developing the digital economy for ASEAN and Korea; and educational cooperation.Another book, “The Mutual Perceptions of ASEAN and Korean Youths,” highlights findings from surveys -- conducted by the center and Korea Institute of Southeast Asian Studies -- on both regions' youths in terms of how they perceive one another.All books are available at the ASEAN Hall of the center, located on the 8th floor of the Korea Press Center in Seoul. For inquiries, email at info@aseankorea.org By Joel Lee (joel@heraldcorp.com)
By The Associated Press
CAIRO (AP) — A top Egyptian rights lawyer says at least eight protesters were detained and accused of “association with a terrorist organization” after joining a small protest in Cairo over the Trump administration's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Khaled Ali says the protesters were arrested on Saturday in front of the Egyptian Press Syndicate in downtown Cairo after rallying against President Donald Trump's move.
It wasn't immediately possible to reach the prosecutors on Monday for a comment.
Ali says those detained, including a female activist, are accused of links to the Muslim Brotherhood group, Egypt's onetime largest Islamist group which was outlawed after the ouster of the Islamist President Mohammed Morsi in 2013.
Egypt's President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi is a close ally of Trump, whose announcement triggered protests across the world.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Interview: "Kane is a true gentleman" says SRH's Mehdi Hasan
Sportskeeda got a chance to interview the budding cricketer.
Shreyash Sinha ANALYST Exclusive 31 May 2018, 01:21 IST 382 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Mehdi Hasan was a part of SRH in this IPL
Mehdi Hasan is a 28 year old all-rounder and was a part of the Sunrisers Hyderabad in this IPL. In their first class career, they have bagged 63 wickets in their 23 First Class matches at a phenomenal economy of 2.65. Furthermore, they have bagged 13 wickets in their 11 T20s at an astounding economy of 6.71.
In an exclusive interview with Sportskeeda, Mehdi Hasan talks about their cricketing experience with Delhi Daredevils and Hyderabadi cricket.
How was your experience with the Sunrisers Hyderabad in this season?
Mehdi Hasan: It was the best experience of my life. It was a dream come true. It was such a mesmerizing experience while sharing the dressing room with so many legends. Everyday was a learning experience. It improved my mindset which will be very handy in my next domestic season. At the same time, it was fun and I made several new friends.
Sunrisers Hyderabad comprises of star players like Kane Williamson, Shikhar Dhawan, Rashid Khan, Bhuvneshwar Kumar etc. How did these gentlemen help you in improvising your game?
Mehdi Hasan: Kane is a true gentleman. I was fortunate enough to sit beside them in the team bus during most of the time during this season. I learned a lot of leadership qualities from him. They also told me on how to be calm during pressure situations. It was a great learning experience with all the legends.
Rashid Khan showed me their bowling grips and a few key points of bowling spin. I'm looking forward to executing them in this domestic season.
Tom Moody has been a very experienced coach. They have also provided some emphatic results as a coach. What was the best thing you liked about Tom Moody during your campaign with SRH?
Mehdi Hasan: Tom is a very positive person.  They are just the same even if we lose a match. They back everyone in the team.  They are really good with planning and doesn't complicate things. They often crack jokes in order to make a healthy atmosphere within the team. They keep things very calm and happy in the dressing room.
You have bagged 63 wickets in your 23 First Class matches at a phenomenal economy of 2.65. On which particular skills you worked upon in order to enhance your performances?
Mehdi Hasan: I think I was very lucky and blessed to have Murali sir as my bowling coach for this campaign.  They are the highest wicket-taker in tests.  They are a true legendary cricketer who has taught me a couple of new balling techniques. I am currently working on those techniques and I hope to execute them well in this domestic season. All this has helped me in developing some new variations also.
Furthermore, I've been working a lot in my batting skills as well. I'm currently trying to develop new shots. I've been also preparing the right mindset for each and every cricketing format.
How has been your experience with international players like Ambati Rayudu, Mohammed Siraj and Pragyan Ojha in the domestic circuit?
Mehdi Hasan: Playing under Rayudu bhai in the previous domestic season was amazing. It is very mesmerizing to play under him. They prepare all the plans very smartly. Ojha bhai is also a very helpful person. They have been the one who has cleared all my doubts during training sessions. Siraj has also been a good friend of mine. They have that burning desire to do well that has made them successful.
What inspired you to choose cricket as your career? Who has been the person who has supported in your ups and downs?
Mehdi Hasan: My father Dr. Syed Jafer Hasan, has been my biggest support throughout my cricketing career. They were the one who observed the passion with me and made me join a cricket academy. They have always been there for me ever since I was a kid. They always ask me to believe in myself. They have never doubted me on my failures in cricket. They always speak positive about my game and continues to encourage, support and motivate me. Without their love and support, I wouldn't have achieved anything in life. I credit them for all the success God has given me.
There are various young cricketers who aspire to play in the Indian Premier League. What piece of advice do you wish to give to these budding cricketers?
Mehdi Hasan: Life is simple. There are no shortcuts. Life works on one formula, “hard-work + believe + persistence = success”.
I would like to tell all the budding cricketers that nothing is impossible. We can achieve anything if we put our mind to it. Everything will take time, honest hard work will never go in vain.
HARD WORKER: Byron Bay lock Matt Gallagher had a big season at the Red Devils in Northern Rivers Regional Rugby League.
Matt Gallagher,
Byron Bay
Hard-working lock and one of the best things to come out of a forgettable season for the Red Devils.
Gallagher played well above their weight each week and would be one of the toughest players in the competition.
Captain Ryan O'Connell put in their usual whole-hearted performances while centre Bill King found form later in the season scoring some memorable tries in the final rounds.
Aaron Scells,
Evans Head
Played ever game this season and was Mr Fix-it covering plenty of positions when the Bombers were decimated by injuries.
They played halfback, hooker and fullback while underrated front-rower Jared Stephenson and second-rower Eli Cook also toiled hard.
Evans Head could have been a threat in the finals with halfback Trevor Bolt and five-eighth Nikko Roberts one of the most electric halves combinations in NRRRL.
Dan Randall,
Lower Clarence
It was always going to be hard work for Lower Clarence coming back into the competition after a year out but captain-coach Dan Randall led from the front.
Randall was uncompromising on the field and finished the season as the Magpies leading try-scorer.
Front-rowers Ryan Binge and Jirra Breckenrige were among their hardest working forwards in the middle.
Lachlan Crawter,
Kyogle
Tough player and took on the responsibility of captain in one of the youngest first grade teams the Turkeys have produced.
They played everywhere from centre to front row while Sam Nicholson continued to be the most consistent in the backline.
Lock Angus Keys and front-rower Dion Bianchetti had another big year while Jacob Skinner was consistent at five-eighth.
Dan Molenaar,
Mullumbimby
Did plenty on and off the field to get Mullumbimby back and running again this season after they sat out in 2016.
The Giants made a promising start but were ultimately undone by injuries to key players.
Molenaar was a workhorse in the front row while five-eighth Louis Earl was all class alongside returning halfback Matt Mulcahy and centre Darcy Earl.
Sam O'Dea,
Murwillumbah
The defending premiers fell two points outside the top five but it was not from a lack of effort from players from the grand final winning team of last year.
Captain Sam O'Dea usually plays hooker but spent more time at lock this season while front-rower Remi Vignau had another big year.
Front-rower Andrew Barnes was a solid contributor while young winger Daryl Brooks only got better this season and was a prolific try-scorer.
It's going to be a dry and warm day in Massachusetts.
The National Weather Service reports it will be partly sunny Monday, with highs in the mid-to-low 80s.
Temperatures will fall to around 64 degrees overnight.
The Dow Gold Ratio by Rambus – GoldSeek
This next set of ratio charts I consider to be the most important ratio charts if you are deciding whether to be an investor in the INDU or in Gold.
When the price is rising The INDU ( Dow Jones Industrial Average ) (a proxy for General Stock Markets) is rising against Gold , and when it is falling Gold is rising against the Dow.
This first ratio chart for the INDU:Gold is a daily look which shows the ratio breaking out above the top rail of a bullish rising flag with a completed backtest. It doesn't look that impressive on a daily chart, but when we look at the longer term ratio chart it becomes very important.
Below is a long term 10 year weekly chart which shows a massive H&S bottom on the ratio chart on top and a possible massive H&S top on gold on the bottom chart. Note how the blue bullish rising flag formed just below the neckline on the ratio chart which has given the ratio chart the energy it needed to finally break out. I've been showing this ratio combo chart for a long time now so the breakout above the neckline is falling into place.
Below is a 38 year daily line chart for the INDU:gold ratio chart which puts the very big picture in perspective. This ratio chart tells you when you need to be trading in the INDU and out of Gold and visa versa. As you can see you wanted to be trading in the INDU going into the 2000 bubble top and out of gold. In 2000 that all changed. From that point forward you wanted to be trading in the PM sector staying away from the INDU.
There are many gold investors that swear that the ratio has to go as low a 1 to 1 before the gold bull market is over. As you can see the ratio got as low as 5.5 in 2011 which is close enough IMHO especially since the price action that followed that double bottom low. There is a massive H&S bottom with the breakout underway. We have a very clear line in the sand for the staunch gold bulls which is the neckline. As long as the price action trades above that neckline the INDU is going to outperform gold.
As the breakout is just now taking place this ratio could rise for many years to come regardless of all the reasons it can't. I will have no problem reversing my stance if I see the neckline is broken to the downside, but until it is I have to give the ratio chart the benefit of a doubt. All the best…Rambus
loading...
Sharing is caring!
Oldest Oscar Mayer Wienermobile Is Gearing Up For Public Display One of the oldest Oscar Mayer Wienermobiles in the country is getting restored before being put on display for the public. It's all happening in Wisconsin, of course, the longtime home to Oscar Mayer's main processing plant.
(Yonhap)
South Korea's jobless rate inched up in January, as job conditions in the manufacturing sector continued to deteriorate and more young people stopped looking for work, government data showed Wednesday.The jobless rate in January stood at 3.8 percent, up 0.1 percentage point from a year earlier, data from the Ministry of Strategy and Finance showed. It marks the highest since April 2016, when the tally was 3.9 percent.The number of jobless people exceeded the 1 million mark in January, up from 980,000 recorded the year before.Despite an increase in the service and construction sectors, the number of employed people in the manufacturing sector declined for the seventh consecutive month.The Finance Ministry attributed the decline to ongoing restructuring in the shipping and shipbuilding sectors. The manufacturing sector recorded a drop of 160,000 jobs last month. Job cuts in the sectors are expected to continue, as the top three shipbuilding companies plan to cut some 140,000 jobs this year.The number of employed people was 25.68 million last month, adding 243,000 from a year ago, rising less than 250,000 for the first time since February 2016.“In terms of the number of jobs added, it is not that far off from the government's annual goal of 260,000, but the problem is the quality of the jobs,” Lee Chan-woo, deputy minister of the Finance Ministry, told reporters Wednesday.Lee pointed to an increasing number of people who may have involuntarily been pushed into self-unemployment in the face of the tough job market and young people who gave up job-seeking efforts.The youth unemployment rate, meanwhile, for people aged between 15 and 29 reached 8.6 percent in January, down from the 9.5 percent recorded a year ago.The ministry said that an increase in youths who gave up looking for jobs altogether, thereby effectively excluding themselves from being categorized as unemployed, ironically lowered the youth jobless rate.The deputy minister said the unemployment situation might get worse this month when high school and college graduations take place.The number of self-employed rose by 169,000, at the fastest pace since July 2012, with a big portion of the newly added self-employed people believed to in their 50s, according to the ministry.By Park Ga-young (gypark@heraldcorp.com)
South Korean stocks opened mildly higher Thursday, largely helped by bullish tech large caps, analysts said.
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index inched up 1.05 points, or 0.04 percent, to reach 2,373.69 in the first 15 minutes of trading.
Large-cap stocks on the bourse were mixed across the board, with tech shares pushing up the market.
Market behemoth Samsung Electronics gained 1.6 percent, and global chipmaker SK hynix advanced 1.35 percent.
The local currency was trading at 1,119.3 won against the US dollar, up 4.6 won from the previous session's close. (Yonhap)
Hundreds of thousands of people continued to gather Monday in northwest suburban Des Plaines to take part in the annual feast day for Our Lady of Guadalupe Catholics started to visit the shrine on River Road on Sunday many laid flowers at the altar, the feet of the image of the woman they consider the blessed mother.The Des Plaines shrine is the only place in the United States where the believers can offer prayers and leave flowers for Our Lady of Guadalupe, or the Virgin Mary.More than 300,000 pilgrims are expected to make the holy pilgrimage by Tuesday, when the shrine will be covered with thousands of bouquets of flowers and lit up with hundreds of votive candles.Many pilgrims will walk dozens of miles or more, a sacrifice they willingly make for their faith."We witness the extremes people will go to show that faith," Fr. Esequiel Sanchez, the church rector.In some cases, the pilgrims come to pray and ask for help. Others want to say "thank you" for prayers they believe were answered.Hilda Ramirez, who visited the shrine on Monday, is grateful because they believe their prayers for their 8-year-old son, who had Stage 4 cancer, were answered, despite the prognosis from doctors."Zero chances of surviving, to relapse, 40 tumors on their lungs, they lost their left kidney. And thanks to her, he's still here," Ramirez said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When Leeds Rhinos played a moving film tribute to Danny McGuire and Rob Burrow after their semi-final win over Hull FC, there were tears all around Headingley.
But none of them came from the two men on screen.
The two Rhinos legends - numbers six and seven for each of the club's seven Super League titles - begin new chapters after Saturday's Old Trafford showdown with Castleford.
Skipper McGuire joins promoted Hull KR, while Burrow hangs up their boots for a coaching role at the club.
Their iconic contributions to the Rhinos' unparalleled Grand Final success - McGuire scored the decisive try in their first win in 2004 and Burrow arguably the best the fixture has seen in 2011 - featured in the club's emotive film.
(Image: Press Association)
But both had both already turned thoughts to their final match in the blue and amber.
McGuire said: “If that had been our last game and we'd have lost the semi then I think it would have been more emotional.
“But because my next thoughts were playing this week that wasn't the case.
“The video was really nice - the ‘Opera Man' was singing, and we had a lot of messages on Twitter from people saying how emotional they were.
“There were a few people crying, including my mum. But we were just trying to keep everything in check because I'm really determined to play well this week.”
Burrow was similarly focused on the challenge ahead.
(Image: PA)
They said: “The big thing for me was having my daughters there with me.
“It was really special and an overwhelming night - I'm lucky to be at a club that puts so much into the players. It's something I'll probably look back on in a month's time and break down crying at how much it meant.
“But at the time I was just relieved to have won the game.”
The Rhinos have history in sending departing stars out on a high.
Tony Smith's final game in charge in 2007 was a Grand Final win, while in 2015 retiring trio Jamie Peacock, Kevin Sinfield and Kylie Leuluai all brought the curtain down on their careers by completing an historic treble at Old Trafford.
(Image: PA WIRE)
McGuire added: “I remember sitting with JP and Kev having a beer after it, and the satisfaction they must have been feeling is something I'd love to feel on Saturday night.
“In the last 20 minutes, JP was flying about making tackles out wide and having that determination to pull out that little bit more.
“You try not to speak about it and get emotional but you do want to send your mates out in the best way possible.
“I remember thinking in 2015 that whatever I've got, I want to tip it out there because I want those boys to feel brilliant after this game.
“I know Rob will get everything I can give on Saturday - he'll get the lot because I want them to finish in the best way possible.”
Perhaps come 8pm tonight there might finally be some tears from two players that have helped shape Leeds Rhinos' history.
5 things Jinder Mahal needs to show us at WWE Money in the Bank 2017
The Maharaja will be put to the test at WWE Money in the Bank 2017.
@HJKettle by Harry Kettle Top 5 / Top 10 15 Jun 2017, 00:58 IST
The big one in St Louis...
Jinder Mahal may not be the best WWE Champion of all time, and in all honesty, they don't even make the top 30 – but there's potential there for a successful heel champion. Sure, it doesn't seem like it right now on the face of it, but nobody has given them an established chance to succeed at the highest level.
It's only been a few weeks, and the material Jinder has been given hasn't exactly set the world on fire, so at this point, The Maharaja needs to take matters into their own hands. We aren't 100% confident in what that means, but with a huge match coming up this Sunday, there's no room for error.
After all, Money in the Bank is rapidly turning into one of WWE's most important pay per views.
With their opponent being Randy Orton, a lot of people are already downplaying the quality of what will likely be the main event in St Louis. Sure, they don't have an excellent track record over the last few years, but the show is in their hometown, so you just know that The Viper is going to try and pull a big performance out of the bag.
With that being said, here are five things Jinder Mahal needs to show us at MITB 2017.
#1 Independence
Step aside, Bollywood Boyz
The Singh Brothers have done a good job as Jinder's sidekicks over the last few weeks, but we need to see Mahal regain some credibility at Money in the Bank. There's already a great deal of pressure on their shoulders given how unbelievable they are as a world champion, so why not try and fix that against Randy?
If they do end up retaining, have Mahal do it squeaky clean by catching Orton off guard with a mistake they made. This would not only make the champ look smart and force Orton to re-evaluate their performances in the ring, but it would also prove that The Singh Brothers don't need to hold their hand every step of the way. It's a win-win situation.
Also read: John Cena pencilled in to face Jinder Mahal at WWE Summerslam 2017
How Web Browsers Have Changed 25 Years After The Introduction Of Mosaic This week marks the 25th anniversary of the first real web browser, Mosaic, the tool that opened up the Internet to widespread use.
A 16-year-old boy has been sentenced to 25-60 years in prison for the slaying of a pregnant woman whose body was found in a vacant house in Detroit.
The teen learned their punishment on Monday after earlier pleading guilty to second-degree murder in the death of 29-year-old Amanda Benton of Melvindale.
Wayne County Circuit Court Judge called it a "senseless and brutal murder." The teen didn't offer a statement before being sentenced.
Prosecutors say Benton was beaten in September and driven to the vacant house in southwest Detroit. Them body was set on fire. Benton was about five months pregnant. The teen was originally charged with first-degree murder along with 23-year-old Jacob Barnes of Lincoln Park.
Barnes is awaiting trial in May.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Miss Thursday night's Harvest Moon?
A timelapse video offers the opportunity to watch it rising.
Mike Cohea, a photographer based in Rhode Island, captured the moon as it rose behind Old Scituate Lighthouse in Scituate, Massachusetts.
The Harvest Moon is the full moon that falls closest to the autumnal equinox. It occurs anywhere from two weeks before to two weeks after the start of fall.
NEW ORLEANS, La. — The University of the Rio Grande chapter of the American Marketing Association won two awards at the 40th annual International Collegiate Conference in New Orleans, Louisiana.
The AMA recognized Rio's chapter for Outstanding Membership and Outstanding Communication based on goals and projects the group completed throughout the year. Faculty Advisor and Associate Professor of Marketing Dr. Wesley Thoene said the conference allows students to network with marketing professionals and students from across the country.
“Around two thousand students, faculty and marketers from across the country go to this conference, so it is a great opportunity for students to network in the field and with potential employers as well as apply the concepts we teach in the classroom out in the field every day,” Thoene said. “I am proud of everything this group has achieved this year. It is a testament to the quality of students at Rio that we are able to bring home awards every year.”
AMA works to create a professional environment for students to refine their marketing skills and pursue networking opportunities. Ashton Hogan, AMA Chapter Vice President and a sophomore business management major from Vinton, also attended last year's conference. They said they believe the event is a beneficial opportunity for business students to prepare for the career field.
“I feel like I learned a lot at the conference. There were sessions on how to market our resumes professionally and how to prepare for job interviews. It was also interesting to see what other chapters across the country are doing at their schools,” Hogan said. “I was so excited when we received awards again this year because the group worked really hard and this shows that it paid off for us. It's important that Rio has an AMA chapter because it gives us a chance to be part of a group, enhance our business skills and network with other students on campus.”
The group has won 30 national awards over the last 11 years including awards for community service, membership, communication, fundraising and planning. The group has also been acknowledged as one of the best small AMA chapters in the United States. Steven Chapman, chapter president and senior marketing and business management major from Jackson, said they were proud to represent Rio's AMA chapter at the conference.
“I think the conference is a great experience to learn more about business outside the classroom. The AMA is a large organization, so there are a lot of networking opportunities from around the country,” Chapman said. “These awards show that we have a great business program here at a small school like Rio. I'm glad we were able to represent Rio at this conference because hearing our name called for these awards shows our program is able to compete with larger institutions.”
AMA also organizes School of Business Visitation Day, an annual fall event bringing 150-200 local high school students to campus to compete in a day-long competition, meet faculty, and tour Rio. For more information on the university's AMA chapter, visit www.rioama.com.
Students from the University of the Rio Grande chapter of the AMA attended the International Collegiate Conference in New Orleans where the group won two awards. Pictured left to right are Logan Rosier, Dekota Metzler, Cody Bowen, Ashton Hogan, Professor Wesley Thoene, and Steven Chapman. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/04/web1_AMA-Conference-18.jpg Students from the University of the Rio Grande chapter of the AMA attended the International Collegiate Conference in New Orleans where the group won two awards. Pictured left to right are Logan Rosier, Dekota Metzler, Cody Bowen, Ashton Hogan, Professor Wesley Thoene, and Steven Chapman. Rio | Courtesy
According to Calvert Journal, the Pamir highway is one of the five most beautiful highways of the Eastern block countries.
The title «Roof of the World» may have been appropriated by Tibet, but the moniker originally came from British cartographer John Wood's 1838 description of the Pamirs. At the intersection of a number of the world's highest ranges (including the Hindu Kush, the Tian Shan and the Himalayas), the Pamir plateau is mostly found inside Tajikistan's remote and autonomous Gorno-Badakhshan province.
«The Pamir highway, the only main road making its way across the whole region, winds through a stark landscape of high-altitude deserts, passes and valleys from Sary-Tash in Kyrgyzstan to the southern border with Afghanistan and all the way to Dushanbe, the nation's capital,» the journal writes.
Photo chistoprudov.livejournal.com. Pamir highway
The top 5 also includes Transfagarash Highway in the Carpathians, the running along the Dalmatian coast and connecting Croatia and Montenegro , the Georgian Military Highway , which passes through the Main Caucasian Range , the Chuysky tract in the Altai.
Britain's Prince Harry and their fiancée US actor Meghan Markle watch a dance performance by Jukebox Collective during a visit at Cardiff Castle in Cardiff, south Wales on January 18.
Meghan Markle has a lot of things planned for the wedding already and many of them break tradition. A new detail that has been revealed, however, doesn't just go against royal tradition but societal tradition as well.
According to Vogue, Meghan will be preparing a speech for the reception, "She wants the chance to thank Prince Harry, the Queen, and their family in an 'affectionate' tribute."
Vogue also points out that although Meghan's father will probably walk them down the aisle, they may not say a speech.
"The feeling is, if Meghan's father doesn't speak for her, they want to have the chance to thank their husband and everyone who has supported them. Harry think it's a great idea."
Way to go, Meghan! You might just inspire other royal brides to break some traditions as well.
From the WWE Rumor Mill: Rusev cleared by doctors to return from their injury
The Bulgarian Brute has been cleared by the doctors to return to the WWE. They might make their SmackDown LIVE debut soon.
@desibrah by Dushyant Dubey News 14 Jun 2017, 23:18 IST
Rusev is all set to return
What's the story?
WWE Superstar Rusev, who had been sidelined by a shoulder injury, has been cleared by doctors for a return to the ring, as per a report by Pro Wrestling Sheet.
In case you didn't know...
The Bulgarian Brute Rusev injured their shoulder and had to reportedly undergo surgery in March 2017 to repair the damage. It was also previously reported that they had suffered the injury a while ago and that their surgery was long overdue.
The escalating condition of the severity of the injury had finally caused Rusev to go under the knife, and they had to miss out on WrestleMania 33 as a result. The last match that Rusev had on WWE television was when they had faced off against the Big Show at Fastlane 2017 in a losing effort.
In the Superstar Shake-up that took place on 11th April 2017, Rusev was moved from Raw to SmackDown LIVE.
They had made an appearance on the 25th April edition of SmackDown LIVE and had notified Shane McMahon via Satellite that they wouldn't be debuting on SmackDown unless they were given a WWE Championship match at the Money In The Bank Pay Per View.
The heart of the matter
As per Pro Wrestling Sheet's report, Rusev has been officially cleared by the doctors to wrestle again and has completed the rehabilitation following their shoulder surgery.
Rusev had previously teased an appearance on SmackDown LIVE after they had failed to get a response from Shane McMahon regarding getting a title match at the Money In The Bank Pay Per View, but they haven't made any appearances on the brand as of yet.
Also read: 5 reasons why Rusev should turn face
The reason for Rusev not having returned yet despite their hints has been reported to be due to a change in plans. Jinder Mahal and Randy Orton are currently embroiled in a feud over the WWE Championship, which has left Rusev out of the title picture for the time being.
It is still, however, only a matter of time before Rusev is seen on WWE television again.
What's next?
Even though nothing has been officially announced on the subject of Rusev's return yet, they might make their return on the post-Money In The Bank edition of SmackDown LIVE. As of right now, Rusev is not slated to appear at the Money In The Bank Pay Per View, but a surprise return cannot be completely ruled out at this point.
Author's take
Rusev coming back to the WWE is great news for all of their fans. Rusev is one of the most solid mid-card performers who have helped elevate several talents new and old in the past, and their return will certainly be welcomed by the company.
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
Djokovic reaches third round at Roland Garros, Halep wins opener
Paris, May 30 (AFP) Former champion Novak Djokovic reached the French Open third round for the 13th consecutive year by beating Spanish qualifier Jaume Munar 7-6 (7/1) 6-4 6-4 today, while women's top seed Simona Halep battled to victory in their opening match.
Djokovic, the 2016 Roland Garros champion and former world number one, is seeded 20 this year after struggling to rediscover their best form after returning from a right elbow injury.
They aren't at their best on Court Suzanne Lenglen, but goes on to face Spain's Roberto Bautista Agut for a place in the last 16.
The Serbian 12-time Grand Slam champion fired 39 winners but 33 unforced errors and was broken three times by Munar, the world 155.
"I am very happy to be here on Suzanne Lenglen and see so many people and see the support," said Djokovic.
"Jaume is a great player, they have lots of quality and good concentration. I congratulate them on a great match today." Bautista Agut, the 13th seed, saw off Colombian qualifier Santiago Giraldo 6-4 7-5 6-3, but Czech 17th seed Tomas Berdych lost a rain-interrupted first-round match to home hope Jeremy Chardy on the showpiece Court Philippe Chatrier 7-6 (7/5) 7-6 (10/8) 1-6 5-7 6-2.
The unlikely adventure of Argentinian world number 190 Marco Trungelliti, who became the eighth lucky loser in the draw after driving back to Paris from Barcelona, came to an end as they lost 6-1 7-6 (7/1) 6-1 to Italian Marco Cecchinato in the second round.
- Halep fights back -
=====================
World number one Halep fought back after a disastrous opening set to beat American Alison Riske 2-6 6-1 6-1 in their delayed first-round match.
Halep, the runner-up in Paris in 2014 and 2017, slumped 0-5 down in the opening set to world number 83 Riske whose only win at the tournament came in 2014.
The Romanian committed 16 unforced errors in the set but stepped up a gear from that point on to book a second-round match against Taylor Townsend of the United States. "It's always difficult in the first round of a Grand Slam, you are always nervous," said Halep.
The 26-year-old, who is still looking for a first Grand Slam title, will play for the second straight day tomorrow, after the match with Riske was pushed back from Tuesday due to rain.
"I think I'll be ready tomorrow, I feel strong in my legs," said the top seed.
"Anything can happen with the rain so all we can do is rest and try to be at our best when we step on the court." Halep needs to reach the semi-finals or better if they are to retain the world top spot.
Eighth seed Petra Kvitova eased into the third round with a 6-0 6-4 victory over Spain's Lara Arruabarrena on Court One.
The two-time Wimbledon champion has now won 13 consecutive matches on clay after claiming titles in Prague and Madrid, and will face Estonia's 25th seed Anett Kontaveit for a place in the last 16.
Czech Kvitova, 28, has not reached the quarter-finals at Roland Garros since a run to the last four in 2012.
Ukrainian fourth seed Elina Svitolina reached the last 32 for the fourth straight year by brushing aside Viktoria Kuzmova in straight sets.
The 23-year-old, who arrived in Paris having won their second straight Italian Open title, saw off their Slovakian opponent 6-3 6-4.
Svitolina, a two-time quarter-finalist at Roland Garros, will next take on Romanian 31st seed Mihaela Buzarnescu.
Elsewhere, charismatic Japanese 21st seed Naomi Osaka came through a tight match with Kazakhstan's Zarina Diyas 6-4 7-5.
The 20-year-old Osaka is seeded for the first time at a major tournament, having lifted the prestigious Indian Wells title earlier this year before beating Serena Williams in Miami the following week.
Williams, who made their Grand Slam return with a single win on Tuesday, is back in action in the doubles with sister Venus later on Wednesday
SPRINGFIELD - The Springfield Chapter of the NAACP has thrown its suppose behind an investigation into a Springfield police officer's Facebook posts mocking the death of an activist during a white nationalists demonstration in Charlottesville, Virginia Sunday, But, Chapter President Rev. Talbot W. Swan II also called for "full transparency" from police investigators.
One woman was killed and 19 others injured, some critically when an apparent neo-Nazi demonstrator drove their car into a group of counter-protesters. Two Virginia State Police troopers were killed when the helicopter they were in crashed as it supported police crowd control.
Swan said Monday night that they had talked with Police Commissioner John Barbieri about the investigation they ordered into Patrolman Conrad Lariviere's alleged posts on Facebook.
"I talked with the Commissioner about what we were looking for in this investigation," Swan said. "I told them we need to see transparency."
Swan said the community needs to be able to see how the investigation is conducted from beginning to end.
"We need a process that is transparent to the public all the way. Not something that is done behind closed doors, (with) the public getting a result sometime in the future."
Swan said the investigation must look into the Laviere's fitness to serve as a police officer given the statements made in the posts.
"The fitness to serve in the capacity of a police officer by anyone who gives public voice to such blatant insensitivity should be immediately evaluated," Swan said in the statement. "if the allegations regarding Office Laviere are valid they have demonstrated a serious lapse in judgement, something that could mean the difference between life and death in the line of duty."
Swan issued a statement Monday evening denouncing the Virginia demonstration. The rally was supposed to test the freedom of speech for racist and white supremacy organizations. Talbot said even the freedom of speech has limits.
"Freedom of speech can be expressed without violence. It is apparent that the main purpose of those protesting had every intention to wreak havoc and breed hate and discontent throughout the community," Swan said.
Racists elements have been emboldened by what Swan called, "...rhetoric and actions of those at the highest levels of authority," an apparent reference to President Trump's initial statement Sunday blaming both demonstrators and counter-demonstrators for the violence.
House Speaker Welcomes Resignation Of National Security Adviser Flynn
House Speaker Paul Ryan welcomed the resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn, but many lawmakers have unanswered questions about contacts between the Trump team and Russia.
KELLY MCEVERS, HOST:
Michael Flynn has resigned as national security adviser, but many questions remain, like, what did White House officials know of Flynn's contacts with Russia, and when did they know about them? The most likely place to get some answers in public is on Capitol Hill. NPR's Ailsa Chang reports Democrats and Republicans want a complete investigation.
AILSA CHANG, BYLINE: Look; Republican Lindsey Graham of South Carolina says they get it. This isn't a time to get partisan. They urged their GOP colleagues to consider if the shoe were on the other foot.
LINDSEY GRAHAM: Now, I can only imagine what Republicans would say if the Obama administration had reached out to Iran or Iraq or any other government to say, just be patient; we're going to change some policies of the Bush administration. We would all be pretty upset.
CHANG: And Graham says there are now two central questions lawmakers need answered about Flynn's conversations with the Russian ambassador before Trump's inauguration.
GRAHAM: What I'd like to know is, did General Flynn make this phone call by himself? If they were directed, by who because the one president at a time policy I think has served the country well.
CHANG: And there's one obvious person who can testify about those questions.
GRAHAM: the Best way to find out is to have General Flynn tell us.
CHANG: Other Senate Republicans like Bob Corker of Tennessee said an exhaustive investigation was the only way both sides could heal and move on.
BOB CORKER: I think it's good for the American people to understand in a fulsome way everything that's happened. And...
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: What...
CORKER: And...
UNIDENTIFIED MAN: Sir is...
CORKER: ...I really do - and to get it behind us. I mean, you know, this going to go on forever if we don't address it somehow.
CHANG: The tone many Republicans struck in the upper chamber was a tad out of sync with the tone in the lower chamber, where House Speaker Paul Ryan wasn't talking of fresh investigations. Instead they applauded the White House for pushing Flynn out so promptly.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PAUL RYAN: I think it's really important that as soon as they realized that they were being misled by the national security adviser, they asked for their resignation.
CHANG: Actually, the White House acknowledged today that it knew for weeks Flynn might have misled others about their conversations with the Russian ambassador. The Justice Department, then led by an official held over from the Obama administration, gave the White House Counsel warning about all of this on January 26. And the White House said President Trump was immediately informed. This timeline is what Democrats will be focusing on in the probes to come. Adam Schiff is the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
ADAM SCHIFF: So others in the administration were aware that the national security adviser of the United States had misled other administration officials, who had in turn misled the American people.
CHANG: At least four congressional committees are already nibbling away at the question of how Russia interfered in the 2016 election, but the latest Flynn fallout raises more concerns, like, who else from the Trump administration or campaign had contact with Russian officials? Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer spoke of more drama to come.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
CHUCK SCHUMER: General Flynn's resignation is not the end of the story. It is merely the beginning. It is not the last chapter of this saga but only the first.
CHANG: But this saga is going to get a little mundane for a while, at least on the Hill. Lawmakers will be squabbling over what form the investigation on Flynn should take and what committee should lead the probe. Democrats are already clamoring for an independent commission to look into all of this, much to the annoyance of the other side.
JOHN MCCAIN: This - it's been less than 24 hours since they quit. Come on.
(CROSSTALK)
CHANG: Republican John McCain of Arizona, who's been critical of how the administration has handled national security, says he's got even bigger questions about what's going on inside the White House.
MCCAIN: Who's in charge? Who's making policy? Who's making decisions? I don't know of anyone outside of the White House that knows.
CHANG: And without answers to those questions, McCain says, how does Congress oversee anything the president or their team does? Ailsa Chang, NPR News, the Capitol.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
NATIONAL
Ecuadorian Minister of International Trade, Pablo Campana Saenz (right), speaks to local media alongside Ecuadorian Ambassador to Korea Oscar Herrera Gilbert at the embassy in Seoul on Dec. 5. (Joel Lee/The Korea Herald)
On the northwestern corner of South America, Ecuador is uniquely positioned to engage with the outer world, including the economically dynamic East Asia across the Pacific Ocean.The equatorial country -- hence the name “Ecuador” -- offers the rule of law, political stability, a dollar-based growing economy, and an abundance of natural resources, Ecuadorian Minister of International Trade, Pablo Campana Saenz said in an interview with local media on Dec. 5.“Our government under President Lenin Moreno is leading our country based on pragmatism, and considers Korea one of our strategic economic partners,” they said at the Ecuadorian Embassy in Seoul.“Ecuador is a land of opportunity for Korean conglomerates, small and medium-sized enterprises and entrepreneurs. We are trying to make Ecuador a hub of investment in Latin America, particularly in the services, tourism, and hospitality and hotel industries.”During their visit here, Campana met with governmental, political and financial leaders, as well as corporate executives in hydroelectricity, hydro resources, mineral resources, construction, airports and other sectors.He encouraged investments by presenting portfolios worth over $20 billion unveiled by the government. They proposed finishing negotiations on the Strategic Economic Cooperation Agreement before the Group of 20 Summits in Argentina in July next year, to which Korean President Moon Jae-in has been invited.In particular, Campana elicited Korean companies to participate in the planned construction of Pacifico Eloy Alfaro Refinery and Petrochemical Complex near Manta on the Pacific Coast through a consortium. The scheme will be the region's largest petroleum refinery, producing over 300,000 barrels of refined oil daily.Opportunities for bilateral economic cooperation also lie in processed food, petrochemicals, energy and mining, according to the business person-turned-bureaucrat.Campana was a professional tennis player prior to launching a career in business. They were a national player partnering Nicolas Lapentti in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics, as well as playing in the Davis Cup. They achieved business success in sugarcane, soft drinks, real estate and other sectors prior to joining the government in May.Although Ecuador is not sizeable, it has a diverse climate with four topographical regions -- the Pacific coast; Andean and Inter-Andean highlands called the Sierra; Amazon jungles; and the Galapagos Islands, they noted.“You can move from one region to another in one hour by plane, with each region providing strong climatic characteristics and great biodiversity -- perfect for leisure and ecotourism,” they said.Ecuador also offers up-to-date transport infrastructure, a business-friendly environment, the same legal protection to outside investors as national investors, and tax incentives for foreign direct investment, the minister said.Several Korean companies, including Dongwon Enterprise, Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics, Hyundai Motors and SK Construction, have invested in the Ecuadorian economy, which is largely based on petroleum, agriculture, aquaculture, timber, tourism and bio industries.Ecuador is a major exporter of shrimps, bananas, flowers and cocoa as well as the region's leading producer of coffee, rice, potatoes, cassava, plantains and sugarcane. The country's livestock sector produces cattle, sheep, pigs, beef, pork and dairy products.The Ecuadorian government announced a $7 billion program for the country's energy transformation in August, 2015, with an aim to source over 90 percent of electricity from hydropower. The country is also stepping up investments in wind power and solar energy.By Joel Lee (joel@heraldcorp.com)
Arizona Governor Helped Make State 'Wild West' For Driverless Cars
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Risberg/AP Eric Risberg/AP
Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey began a push three years ago to attract makers of self-driving cars to the state and actively wooed Uber away from California as a venue for testing those vehicles.
Shortly after their election in 2015, the governor signed an executive order supporting the testing and operation of self-driving vehicles that they said was about "innovation, economic growth, and most importantly, public safety."
Now the "public safety" part of that order has been thrown into question and Arizona's willingness to become a testing ground for emerging driverless vehicles has come into sharp focus after Sunday's incident in which a self-driving Volvo SUV operated by Uber struck and killed a 49-year-old woman who was walking their bicycle in Tempe.
As we reported Monday, the car was in autonomous mode at the time of the crash, around 10 p.m., but had a human riding in the passenger seat to take control if necessary. The incident is now under investigation.
The year after Ducey's executive order, Arizona seized on a chance to steal a bit of driverless thunder from Silicon Valley. California had just ordered Uber to stop testing its autonomous vehicles on the streets of San Francisco until it obtained the proper testing permits. Uber balked and Arizona stepped in.
"Arizona welcomes Uber self-driving cars with open arms and wide open roads," Ducey said in a statement in December 2016.
"While California puts the brakes on innovation and change with more bureaucracy and more regulation, Arizona is paving the way for new technology and new businesses," the Republican governor said.
For its part, Uber pledged to expand its self-driving pilot program in Arizona and said it was "excited to have the support of Governor Ducey."
Arizona has also welcomed other companies working on driverless technology, leading The Arizona Republic to proclaim last year that "With major testing by Waymo, Uber, General Motors, Ford and Intel, Arizona is more than holding its own in the race to attract the self-driving car industry."
The newspaper highlighted the fact that metro Phoenix was one of three places in the country that people could hail a ride in a self-driving Volvo from Uber (with human co-pilot) and that there were enough of them around the city that "their bulky rooftop sensors are now a common sight."
In 2016, Uber's self-driving cars were also made available to rider's in Pittsburgh, Pa. where regulatory barriers are also minimal.
But some safety advocacy groups have been less enthusiastic.
In a statement on Monday, the non-profit group Consumer Watchdog described Arizona as "the wild west of robot car testing."
The group said there is "no regulation in place," in the state. "That's why Uber and Waymo test there. When there's no sheriff in town, people get killed."
Despite the criticism, however, it is not yet clear exactly what went wrong on Sunday. The National Transportation Board and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration say they will investigate.
While the Tempe Police Department has declined to determine fault yet, the city's police chief, Sylvia Moir, told The San Francisco Chronicle that from viewing videos of the collision taken by the car's onboard cameras, "it's very clear it would have been difficult to avoid this collision in any kind of mode (autonomous or human-driven) based on how they came from the shadows right into the roadway."
Photo: iStockphoto
Few literary prizes grab readers' attention like the Man Booker Prize. Since its inception in 1969, its shortlists and winners have been eagerly awaited, debated, dissected and criticized. Initially given to the best novel published in a given year in English in the Commonwealth, since 2014, the prize has expanded to include English fiction published anywhere, which includes the US. After Americans Paul Beatty and George Saunders won the last two, there was a backlash, expressing fears that Americans would now dominate the prize.
This year being the prize's golden jubilee, the organizers have created what literary critic Robert McCrum calls “a stunt, of course, but a surprisingly worthwhile one”,—the Golden Booker, to be given to the best novel among the winners of the past 50 years. A jury of five was duly constituted, where each juror read novels of a specific decade and picked one novel per decade (McCrum covered the first decade, followed by Lemn Sissay, Kamila Shamsie, Simon Mayo and Hollie McNish); the final winner would be decided by popular vote. The shortlist is predictably surprising, and includes V.S. Naipaul's In A Free State (1971), Penelope Lively's Moon Tiger (1987), Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient (1992), Hilary Mantel's Wolf Hall (2009), and George Saunders' Lincoln In The Bardo (2017).
Notable absentees include John Berger's G. (1972), Nadine Gordimer's The Conservationist (1974), Ruth Prawer Jhabwala's Heat And Dust (1975), Thomas Keneally's Schindler's Ark (1982), Peter Carey's Oscar And Lucinda (1988), Kazuo Ishiguro's The Remains Of The Day (1989), Pat Barker's The Ghost Road (1995), Arundhati Roy's The God Of Small Things (1997), Ian McEwan's Amsterdam (1998), J.M. Coetzee's Disgrace (1998), and, most notably, Salman Rushdie's Midnight's Children (1981). Rushdie's novel is special not only because of what it did to the English language and post-colonial imagination, but also because of its track record. In 1993, a jury selected it for the Booker of Bookers, awarded on the prize's silver jubilee to the best novel among all the winners. Fifteen years later, on the prize's 40th anniversary, Midnight's Children won the Best of Booker after a public vote on a jury-selected shortlist. For it to stop at the first hurdle a decade later is surprising.
Had the jury read all 52 novels (in 1974 and 1992, the prize was awarded jointly to two books each, and in 2010 an additional retrospective prize was awarded for 1970, to account for a rule change), there may well have been a vastly different shortlist. True, each decade had at least three great novels, and the rule ensured that each decade would be represented in the final list. But it also meant that if a decade had several blockbusters (1980s and 1990s, in particular), some great titles would have to be dropped, as has indeed happened.
The Man Booker Prize rewards novels, and not novelists, so the novelist's reputation should not sway anyone's judgement. Indeed, with the exception of Naipaul, several Nobel Prize laureates who have won the Man Booker are conspicuous by their absence on the shortlist. And yet, leaving aside reputations, the list is weaker without some of the overlooked novels.
You can't change the rules after the game has begun, so this is the shortlist the voters have. It is hard enough to predict who might win when a jury decides on the best novel of one year. It gets far more uncertain when the decision is left to readers at large. True, at the 40th anniversary too, the prize was decided by readers, but popular choices and critical choices do not always coincide. Some classics go on to become best-sellers, but few best-sellers are classics. But how many best-sellers of each year are remembered after a few years? Best-sellers have already won the big prize of popularity; it is literary fiction that needs space in crowded shelves at book stores.
If a classic is a novel that stands the test of time, how does this shortlist fare? Naipaul's In A Free State collects three distinct stories connected by their concerns about class, race and colonization, but it seems dated. Lively's Moon Tiger has a vast canvas, in which a historian on their deathbed is writing the story of their life, which also mirrors their interpretation of the history of the world. Saunders' Lincoln In The Bardo is an experimental novel about grief and loss; too soon to tell if it will be a classic.
The front-runners, it seems, are Mantel's Wolf Hall and Ondaatje's The English Patient. Mantel's deservedly popular novel, set in Tudor England, tells the story of Thomas Cromwell's rise in the court of Henry VIII. Its sequel, Bring Up The Bodies, published in 2012, also won the Man Booker Prize that year. The final volume, The Mirror And The Light, is expected next year.
Ondaatje's novel, set in North Africa during World War II, which brings together a Canadian nurse, a severely burnt pilot, a Sikh sapper, and a Canadian thief, is my favourite on this list. It is noteworthy not only for its sublime, lyrical prose, but also because of the important historical lesson it offers—that Britain did not fight World War II alone; that women and colonial subjects who were not white played a crucial role in vanquishing the Nazis; that we live in a complex world with intersecting and interwoven lives. At a time of narrowing identities, The English Patient offers a message of hope, which resonated when it first appeared, and sounds ever more important today.
Salil Tripathi is a writer based in London.
Comments are welcome at salil@livemint.com. Read Salil's previous Mint columns at www.livemint.com/saliltripathi
Which famous redhead starred in Enchanted? Isla Fisher or Amy Adams? It's one of Hollywood's best-kept secrets. Just kidding, it was Amy. But judging by the feedback Fisher has gotten throughout their career, and the many, many instances in which she's been mistaken as Adams, it seems as though America needs a quick refresher on who's who.
During a visit to Jimmy Kimmel Live! the Australian actor admitted that they don't always correct people when they mistake them for Amy—or at least when those people are Lady Gaga.
The Confessions of a Shopaholic star told the talk show host that Mother Monster once approached them and commended them on their performance in American Hustle (which was Adams, by the way).
"I'm thinking ‘Oh my gosh. It's Lady Gaga. I love them so much. I don't want to tell them the truth,'" Fisher explained. “I just gracefully thanked them and bowed my head."
Despite the ultimate success of their lie, Isla's eager for the country to finally know the difference between them and Adams. Enter: Isla's public service announcement.
RELATED: Isla Fisher Replaced Them Face with Amy Adams's on a Holiday Card and No One Noticed
Fisher recorded a special video for Kimmel explaining who's who. Educate yourself (below) on the differences according to Fisher herself.
1) "Amy Adams's hair is auburn red; my hair is light auburn red."
2) "Amy Adams played Susan in Nocturnal Animals. I played Laura in Nocturnal Animals."
3) "Amy Adams has five Oscar nominations. I am a member of SAG."
The more you know …
Watch the full video above.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City fans were left frustrated last night after a lacklustre performance that had Lee Johnson deeming their Robins as lacking ‘heart' and ‘posing'.
Heavily tipped to get a result against a Bolton side built on a shoestring now was a good time to go to the Macron Stadium.
But as ever, in football, let's not let the final 1-0 result over-cloud everything.
Yes, City didn't do enough to win and were second in several areas of the match with Ben Alnwick only called upon to make one save in the full 90 minutes plus.
The Robins did have chances to score.
Bobby Reid was close to netting Ben Alnwick's spill from Famara Diedhiou's second half header, while the Bristolian birthday boy wasn't able to prod in from close range following a scramble in the first half following a Jamie Paterson free-kick.
City also had two decent penalty shouts, but neither incident looked clear-cut enough to make my think referee Andy Madley would take to the whistle.
Johnson error
I've not criticised head coach Lee Johnson much in my after game analysis this season but I felt the Robins gaffer made a couple of errors yesterday.
City lacked urgency and intensity until they were behind, and looked better with Korey Smith in central midfield.
That's not to downplay the contribution of Josh Brownhill, either, who was excellent and one bright spot for the Robins.
And secondly I found the substitutions and tactical changes odd.
Why with 15 minutes to go were City's three most consistent attackers withdrawn from the sharp end of City's attack with the side in desperate need of a goal?
Reid had been pulled back into the middle of the pitch away from the danger area, Famara Diedhiou was withdrawn for Gustav Engvall and Jamie Paterson subbed off too.
Every side needs its ‘go to' men for the important moments but City were left with ‘gone where?' men - an untried front pairing for the final stages, with neither Gustav Engvall nor Lois Diony having adapted to the Championship yet and without a goal to their name at that level.
I rate those pair, don't get me wrong. Their time will come, but yesterday was too soon.
Johnson got that wrong and I think they might even admit it on reflection and aided by the video analysis after the game that the analysts and Frank Fielding took in just above me at the Macron.
I asked the head coach about their substitutions following the game and they admitted that they wanted to freshen things up and get as many goals-corers on the pitch as possible.
That's fair enough, though City were creating little yesterday. With few opportunities coming should they not be falling to your most trusted lieutenants?
Credit to Bolton who were always going to scrap for their lives and showed once again that they're a long way from dead and buried.
Super Sammy
The Whites' resurrection continues via the shrewd Phil Parkinson who sold Gary Madine and then got a such a tune out of Sammy Ameobi that they took the man of the match accolade.
The Nigerian attacker made nine successful dribbles – way above anyone in the game – and Nathan Baker was sorely missed in the respect of getting physical and stopping the opposition one way or another.
And while Joe Bryan could have done more to stop the match-winning breakaway, the full-back did not have the poor game that some decried. The Bristolian combined well with Kent to flash several dangerous crosses over in the first half and won their fair share of tackles at other times.
On another day, City might have grabbed an undeserved win up in Greater Manchester.
Last night, just as Johnson said, they lacked character and heart. Not something we've seen much of this season.
A point would have been great even but instead City will need to get their game going against Sunderland at home to arrest a poor bout of form (just one win in the last nine games, all competitions) that risks derailing promotion hopes.
The goals have dried up away from home after some swashbuckling games earlier in the season at Ipswich, Wolves, Brentford, Hull and Fulham.
The Robins couldn't break down the Trotters and failed to score on the road for a third consecutive Championship game, last netting just once at QPR before Christmas in away league fixtures.
Diedhiou has been badly missed and is easing themselves back into the side after injury, while Diony and Engvall need time to adapt. Reid will come good again soon if played in attack consistently.
Paterson too will benefit from having both Smith and Brownhill restored into midfield with both able to play that ‘give and go' style that they do. The combinations will come and better service will arrive.
City fans will need to be patient with this team, the new players and Johnson himself.
I don't doubt that the upward trajectory will continue soon but it'll take time to rectify and get back into the groove consistently.
NBA Finals 2018: Five storylines to follow for Cavs-Warriors
The Cleveland Cavaliers will battle the Golden State Warriors and we have looked at the key storylines ahead of the NBA Finals.
Omnisport NEWS News 30 May 2018, 23:37 IST 22 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Stephen Curry (left) and LeBron James
The NBA Finals are upon us and as ever there are plenty of intriguing storylines as the Cleveland Cavaliers clash with the Golden State Warriors for a fourth straight year.
There is plenty to talk about going into an eagerly awaited series, but we have narrowed it down to five key talking points to follow for the season's final series.
Here is what to look out for when the series tips off at Oracle Arena in Oakland, California, on Thursday.
1. How much help will LeBron James get? LeBron can put up otherworldly numbers, there is no denying that, but it is a simple fact that James cannot win a series on their own. In 2016, they needed Kyrie Irving to hit a three-pointer, in 2013 they needed Ray Allen to tie game six, and even this postseason they were better when their role-players stepped up. During the 2018 playoffs the Cavaliers were 9-3 when everyone other than LeBron combined to score at least 60 points and 3-3 when they scored 59 or fewer. Even further, when James had at least one teammate score 20 or more points the Cavs were 5-1.
2. Who is the better scorer (in this series): LeBron or Kevin Durant? The argument started after the NBA Finals in 2017 whether Durant was better than James, and it was solely because of the former Oklahoma City Thunder forward's ability to match James shot for shot. Durant averaged 35.2 points per game in the Finals while James scored 33.6. In fact, in their two Finals against James, Durant has outscored them both times (the other: 30.6 to 28.6 in 2011-12). Now, being a better player is about more than scoring, but when James outscores the other team's best player the Cavaliers normally win (Cleveland went 7-1 when James scored at least 40 points, they also are the top scorer in those games). If James is outscored by Durant on the offensive end in the Finals, then it does not bode well for the Cavaliers.
Game-winners, clutch buckets, ferocious SLAMS and more.
Relive the 2018 #NBAPlayoffs! pic.twitter.com/uPFhKnLCu8 — NBA (@NBA) May 30, 2018
3. Key players' health. Will Kevin Love be back from a concussion? Will Andre Iguodala return from a leg injury? Will questions return about the health of Stephen Curry's knee? Every one of these things could factor massively into this series, and Curry's health should not be forgotten.
4. The Warriors' third-quarter swarm. Golden State outscored the Rockets by 68 points in its Western Conference finals win and beat them by an average of nearly 10 points in the first quarter out of halftime. More pointed still, Golden State was 4-1 when scoring 31 or more points in the third quarter against the Rockets. Houston never really adjusted to the second-half onslaught, but the Cavaliers will have to in the Finals if they happen to have a lead going into the break.
5. Draymond Green vs. LeBron James. Will there be fireworks when these two are matched up? It may not happen every time down the court, but you know they will be in each other's face more than once this series. You have to watch this for the sheer entertainment value.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gigi Hadid 's job as a supermodel may require stunning good looks - but they say she's not "perfect".
The American beauty, who is dating former One Direction star Zayn Malik , is currently working hard at New York Fashion Week.
She's walking the runway for top designers alongside fellow beauties like Kendall Jenner, but took a minute to remind people that supermodels are people too.
They said: "Because my job is based on the way I look, people assume that that means you don't have human qualities in you…so I hope that everyone can see that's the point of all this. It doesn't matter. We're not perfect."
(Photo: Reebok)
(Photo: Reebok)
Reebok and brand ambassador Gigi released this exclusive video to provide a unique glimpse into how the international supermodel prepares for Fashion Week.
A Reebok #PerfectNever ambassador, Gigi reveals how they use the three-point principles of the Reebok delta that puts forth the social, physical and mental components of fitness, in their approach to the fast-faced fashion week circuit.
Commenting on the importance of mental preparation, Gigi said: "You have to go to work ready to block out everything that's outside of your work environment. To be able to change the channel in your mind is to be able to separate your thoughts and focus on what you're doing at the moment."
(Photo: Reebok)
(Photo: Reebok)
The candid video sees Gigi empower women by continuing to challenge the notion of perfection, a powerful call to action that champions Reebok's intrinsic message of self-betterment.
Meanwhile, Gigi has been more loved up than ever with Zayn as they celebrated Valentine's Day together.
Gigi, 21, expressed their love for their beau, 24, by stepping out in New York in a Zayn T-shirt.
(Photo: Reebok)
(Photo: Splash News)
Them black sleeveless vest was emblazoned with Zayn's name and photo.
Gigi's outing came after they contradicted Zayn's recent comments about how they first met: while they said it was backstage at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show after party in 2015, she's said it was at a mutual friend's birthday.
But to be fair to Zayn, when they met at the birthday, both were in different relationships and it was just as friends. It was after the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, when they were both single, that sparks flew.
(Photo: Reebok)
(Photo: Reebok)
(Photo: Reebok)
Gigi told Ellen DeGeneres: “We actually met at a friend's birthday party a few years ago, then they were in New York to come to the Victoria's Secret show last year, I think. They ended up not coming. I thought, I'll play it cool. I'll go to the after party. They aren't there. Later that week we ended up going on our first date.
“We played it cool for about ten minutes then I was like, ‘You're really cute'. We connected really quickly and have the same sense of humour, sharing videos.”
Giroud gem inspires Arsenal, Kane hits double for Spurs
by Reuters News 02 Jan 2017, 08:48 IST
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Crystal Palace - Premier League - Emirates Stadium - 1/1/17 Arsenal's Olivier Giroud celebrates scoring their first goal Reuters / Stefan Wermuth Livepic
By Martyn Herman
LONDON (Reuters) - Arsenal's Olivier Giroud produced a piece of New Year's Day magic to keep Arsenal in sight of Premier League leaders Chelsea while Harry Kane's double bolstered Tottenham Hotspur's ambitions as London's triple assault on the title continues.
Frenchman Giroud connected with Alexis Sanchez's cross with a scorpion-like backheeled volley 17 minutes into their side's derby against Crystal Palace while Alex Iwobi made it 2-0 with a second-half header.
Arsenal had started the game outside the top four after Tottenham's 4-1 rout of a feeble Watford briefly lifted Mauricio Pochettino's side into third place in the table.
Kane scored Tottenham's first two goals, both from assists by right back Kieran Trippier, while Dele Alli made the points safe after some woeful Watford defending shortly before the break. Alli grabbed their second immediately after the interval.
At the halfway point of the season Chelsea, who on Saturday equalled Arsenal's 2001-02 record of 13 consecutive wins in the same Premier League campaign, have 49 points from 19 games.
Liverpool have 43 while Arsenal have 40, one more than Tottenham who are above Manchester City on goal difference. Manchester United complete the top six below which there is a yawning nine-point gap to seventh.
The Holiday fixtures continue thick-and-fast over the coming days with Chelsea aiming to set a new record of 14 consecutive wins when they visit in-form Tottenham on Wednesday.
Liverpool is at Sunderland on Monday when Manchester City host Burnley, while Arsenal are at Bournemouth on Tuesday.
Whatever happens in the weeks ahead though, few goals are likely to be replayed as much as Giroud's stunning opener.
Having played a neat flick early in a liquid Arsenal counter-attack, Giroud rumbled forward into the area. Sanchez's cross was not the best, falling a little behind the Frenchman, but they jack-knifed their body as they tumbled forward, connecting with their left heel.
The ball soared past diving Palace keeper Wayne Hennessey and bounced down and in off the underside of the crossbar.
"I tried to take it on the back heel from behind me and I had some luck," said Giroud, who has struggled to earn a starting berth this season.
"It was about luck, I didn't have good balance but it was a great feeling," added Giroud whose goal was similar to Henrikh Mkhitaryan's for Manchester United on Boxing Day but from further out.
"It was nice for the and the team and was my best one."
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger added: "I have been a bit spoiled over the year by the exceptional quality of the players I've had, but it will be remembered as an exceptional goal.
"Olly is very good in front of goal, but I've never seen this kind of goal from him."
Iwobi's header provoked a brief but largely ineffectual flurry from Palace and former England manager Sam Allardyce still awaits their first win since replacing Alan Pardew in the hot seat.
Palace remain two points above the bottom three.
Kane marked their 100th Premier League game with two clinical finishes to take their top-flight tally to 59.
They opened the scoring in the 27th minute with a cool finish having been played in by Trippier and then showed their poaching instinct to connect with the fullback's inviting cross.
Alli punished Younes Kaboul's weak clearance and made it 4-0 as Tottenham ran riot in the rain.
Kaboul scored injury-hit Watford's late consolation.
"The first half was one of the best we've played this season," said Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino whose side go into the Chelsea game buoyed by four successive wins.
(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Mitch Phillips)
Just sitting and wondering if the B's can find a way in Game 7.
OK, NFL draftniks, here it comes.
Hard to figure that Bucks-Celtics series.
Farwell to Gil Santos, beloved radio voice of the Patriots.
News item: Brendan Nehmer of Pope Francis hockey wins Amo Bessone Award. They had a super season against a Super-8 schedule.
For the record, center Curtis Valk led our T-Birds with 62 points.
More Yankee firepower - rookie Miguel Andujar.
You'll find outfielder Cole Sturgeon hitting .367 for the Portland Sea Dogs.
BC pass-rusher Harold Landry could be a Patriots draftee.
Pacers over Cavs? Don't be surprised.
Amir Kahn won their welterweight comeback bout in 39 seconds.
Silent Sting ended Ye Olde Handicapper's winning streak.
What? Matt Harvey to the Mets' bullpen?
In case you missed it, Minnesota-Duluth won the Frozen Four.
Playoff fold: Blue Jackets go up 2-0, lose four in a row.
Kyle Busch has an early-season winning streak going.
That makes 11 Monte Carlo Masters titles for Rafael Nadal.
Who is Nate Barnes? A 3-0 lefty for Westfield State.
In senior bowling, unknown Warren Eales beat Hall of Famer Walter Ray Williams Jr.
You're getting old if you saw Steve Garrow at shortstop for Ludlow.
Outfielder Joe Cassella (.402) leads Western New England's hitters.
Looking good, Williams College softball (26-6).
Number of the week: 0.75 (Goals-against average for Marc-Andre Fleury in Vegas Knights playoff sweep of LA Kings).
Cookie the Shih Tzu always saves room for dessert.
News item: Gronkowski withdrawn from Kentucky Derby because of infection. Part-owner Rob says, "I support what's best for the horse."
Grandpa's a fan of outdoor track.
Honk if you saw Hawk Harrelson play at Pynchon Park.
Tim Hornbaker's "Fall from Grace," tells the Shoeless Joe Jackson story.
Worth joining: Springfield's Hockey Heritage Society.
Add Kit Scheetz (Astros minor leaguer) to my list of favorite sports names.
ESPN baseball broadcasters talk too much.
They're back - Summer Sizzlers in Forest Park.
There'll never be another Danny Heep.
Garry Brown can be reached at geebrown1918@gmail.com; their book," Garry Brown's Greatest Hits," can be purchased at hittingtoallfields.com
Final instalment of the series by Country Life bride Annunciata Elwes (née Walton) on the highs and lows of wedding planning.
A humble checklist for brides:
Do have nice, helpful parents
Do involve the groom in most of the decision making (not all)
Do invite gypsies, they're perfectly charming and they bring gifts
Do make a speech – after all, it's your wedding too
Don't underestimate the length of time required for the line up, particularly if you have a garrulous mother
Lastly, for the love of St Bride, don't walk into a lamppost a week before your wedding
It's 7.45am, my face is covered in blood and I'm giving banshees the world over a run for their money. I was fine a minute ago. If you count hobbling home hunched over like Quasimodo so as not to get blood on your clothes as fine. Walking into the lamppost hurt like hell, though as always when I hit my head (yes, it's happened before) it was the hideous thwacking noise I registered first, before the pain kicked in.
Once home and in the bathroom, I catch sight of my bloodied visage and immediately feel worse. ‘Jamieeee!' I wail. In my head, I see flashing images of how awful I will look in a wedding dress with a big gash on my head. A year's worth of wedding planning has been for nothing if I turn up all stitched up and cross-eyed like Frankenstein's monster – this is enough to bring anyone to tears.
The groom appears, bleary eyed, and starts cleaning the blood off my face, as I choke on sobs. With their other hand, they continue eating their toast. They don't say much. I wonder if he's fully awake. Perhaps I cry a little louder.
Slowly, they finish a mouthful and speaks: ‘Annie, stop crying. You're upsetting me.' So much for heroism. My Lancelot later shows an inappropriate amount of glee at being termed a ‘responsible adult', who must accompany me to get my butterfly stitches. We are SO not mature enough for marriage.
It turns out that no one in the entire Farnborough Business Park possesses a freezer, so I spend the next few days at my desk with one of those inexplicably clever bags of water that turn into ice when you squash them strapped to my head. Photographic evidence of this spectacle does exist. I'm not sharing it.
A week later and I'm still crying. This time it's the morning of the wedding. I've barely slept and have a splitting headache. ‘I don't want to get married today,' I announce. ‘I want to stay in bed and cry.' My father pats my hand and wanders off to find breakfast. Men and their stomachs.
The preceding week has not been so bad. I've been at home, running a small sweatshop consisting of my aged parents and dopey fiancé, with the occasional visit from an unhelpful brother or two with chaotic children in tow. My mother, who has pulled the short straw in having the nicest handwriting, lovingly writes 160 names on the table plan, which I decorate with leaves and flowers in watercolour.
My mother and I handwrite 160 names on 160 labels with 160 table names on the back. These are tied to 160 pineapples, which are painstakingly assembled on the wall, in alphabetical order, in front of Leighton Hall. ‘This wall was made to have 160 pineapples lined up on it,' declares exhausted owner Suzie Reynolds, admiring their handiwork. ‘Don't ever ask me to do it again.'
Jamie and I have selected 16 amusing anecdotes from our lives for the names of the tables: ‘Escape from Shap Abbey', ‘The Knighting of the Loin', ‘Wars of the Roses' and such. They create comic little caricatures of us for each and I use watercolours to illustrate borders and titles. Together, we paint 32 signs (16 double-sided). This may seem a mad thing to do in the run up to a wedding, but it is actually incredibly therapeutic.
The day dawns. It starts with a rueful survey of the scar on my forehead and the shadows under my eyes as my mother blithely eats scrambled eggs in their dressing gown and my father reads their book in the garden like its any other day. Seemingly five minutes later, I'm a married woman and back from the party of a lifetime.
That's how it goes. In the blink of an eye. I hadn't realised how different the wedding experience would be when I am one of the people at the centre of it. One's own wedding is nothing like other people's weddings. When I think of it now, it's a blur of flowers, flying pineapples and fireworks. And nerves. So much nervousness – the hideous experience of walking down the aisle, the loveliness of the service, a moment of respite in a green-painted, garland-bedecked, horse-drawn gypsy caravan, the relief of having all duties done, the delirium of the dance floor with friends and family.
I feel that mine and Jamie's ‘happy ending' began a long time ago – we did, after all, meet seven years ago. But a wedding is more of a happy beginning in my view. I didn't need an extravagant party to kick-start anything. But it has been a wonderful (and yes, stressful) chapter of our lives.
So here's to many more happy beginnings. We might not recognise them when they arrive and things won't always go to plan. But if I know anything, it's that a sense of humour is imperative – and a rip-roaring party never hurts.
Yours sincerely,
Mrs Elwes
Budgam: Five days a week, 45-year-old Ghulam Mohiudin Sheikh is quietly at work as a carpenter. On the weekends, they  a new hat — and seeks to change people's lives.
Sheikh, a preacher-cum-faith healer over the weekends, has now found a novel way to solve people's problems.
Apart from the amulet that Peer Sahab, as they are generally known, gives the believer, they file a Right to Information (RTI) application wherever needed.
People come to me with all sorts of issues health, education, employment and other personal matters and I give them a 'taveez' (amulet). But apart from these problems, they have administrative grievances such as not getting rations, acquiring a BPL ration card and so on," they said.
It is for problems such as these that they file a RTI, addressing people's issues on developmental work, benefits under central or state schemes or allowances under welfare funds.
"A 'taveez' cannot possibly prove helpful there," Sheikh told PTI.
Sheikh would wonder what they could do to resolve people's problems. Then, in 2006, they heard about the role of the RTI at a meeting with Shaikh Ghulam Rasool, the founder of the Jammu and Kashmir RTI Movement, an organisation working for RTI awareness in the state.
"He asked me to join the RTI Movement to help my followers and expose corruption in the district because they saw that I could influence many people," said Sheikh, who earns a daily wage as a carpentry worker on weekdays.
They participated in Rasool's training workshops to become an RTI activist and has since been advising and training others on when and how to file RTI applications.
People throng their single-storey house in the scenic Pannard village in this central Kashmir district, about 25 km from Srinagar, every weekend.
Sheikh said they train around 30 RTI activists every week.
"RTI is my new amulet and I prescribed this new treatment to people who come to me with administrative issues," they said.
Rasool described Sheikh as one of the pioneers of RTI activism in Kashmir and said they had turned it into a grassroots revolution in the Valley.
"He has trained almost 12,000 people. They have created an army of sorts of RTI activists. No other district has as much RTI awareness as Budgam and it is because of him. They have created a grassroots revolution," Rasool told PTI.
It was Sheikh's work on RTI that led to their election as a sarpanch in 2011 when Panchayat polls were held in the state after decades.
Sheikh said they realised the real power of the RTI Act after filing a query in the office of a Block Development Officer (BDO), seeking details on beneficiaries of the IAY (now Pradhan Mantri Gramin Awaas Yojana, earlier known as Indira Awaas Yojana) in Budgam.
"Days after I filed the RTI, a man came to me with a cheque of Rs 25,000. It was a bribe for withdrawing the application. I refused, but that is when I realised the real power of the RTI. It gave me voice and I felt a sense of empowerment," they said.
After some days, they got a reply to their application and found that government officials and people close to politicians were on the list of IAY beneficiaries.
"The list was then cancelled and only deserving beneficiaries got IAY cheques," they said.
Rasool said Sheikh had helped many women get their widow welfare fund, school children had been given scholarships and developmental work was in progress in the area.
"This area has witnessed more development since people started filing RTI applications," Rasool said.
The claims were visible on the ground, with more pucca roads in the areas than elsewhere in the district.
Sheikh recounted some cases where the RTI helped them and the people.
"An RTI query to the Social Welfare Department revealed that unmarried girls were getting monthly welfare fund as widows. This happened when a widow came to me for a 'taveez' to help them get grants from a welfare fund," they said.
Instead of giving them a charm, they filed an RTI application on their behalf in the Social Welfare Department.
"Some days later, the reply came. We found that many unmarried women were listed as beneficiaries for a fund meant for aged people and widows. We took it up with the authorities and then the deserving, including the widow who came to me, got their benefits," they said.
A local resident, Nisar Ahmad, said it was because of Sheikh that the area had witnessed widespread development.
"It is all because of Peer sahab and the RTI. They have brought in a revolution and changed the way people think. They have changed the way the administration works here," Ahmad said.
Rasool said the government should create more awareness about the RTI in the state and help people such as Sheikh by way of fellowships for their exemplary work and zeal.
Kia Motors Corp. on Tuesday launched the all-new turbo-charged Morning city car to offer more options to customers.
Kia Motors has added two new choices to the carmaker's existing 1-liter gasoline-powered Morning: one with a powerful turbo direct-injection engine and the other that has a liquefied petroleum gas injection (LPI) mill, the carmaker said in a statement.
Kia's Morning mini car (Kia Motors)
The car is sold as the Picanto in some overseas markets.The Morning with a less powerful turbo engine is already in the market and the LPI-powered Morning has been relaunched mainly for small businesses, a company spokesperson said.The Morning vehicles sell for 12 million won-14 million won ($10,500-$12,300) in the domestic market, it said.Kia's Morning and Soul multipurpose vehicle, GM Korea Co.'s Chevrolet Spark and certain imported vehicles compete with each other in South Korea's small car market. Passenger vehicle sales in Asia's fourth-largest economy stand at around 1.8 million annually. (Yonhap)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Soham murderer Ian Huntley has reportedly changed their name to that of the female version - and is asking fellow inmates to call them 'Lian'.
The child killer, 43, is claimed to have even used the new moniker to sign a note written on a newspaper cutting for a friend.
Huntley is serving a minimum 40 years for the murders of Holly Wells and Jessica Chapman in the Cambridgeshire village in 2002.
The Sun also claims that prisoners at the all-male Frankland jail where he's being held can buy make-up.
An unnamed source told The Sun:“Huntley's been telling everyone to call them Lian.
“It's getting them loads of attention and they feel like a bit of a celebrity inside — which itself makes them feel a bit safer.
“He's taking pleasure in signing everything for as many inmates as possible with their new name.
“The canteen sells eye shadow and foundation so, if they want to look more like a woman, they can.”
Inmates at the men's prison can order from a list of cosmetics ranging from pink lipgloss to foundation and eyeliner on a list of '12 ­luxury feminine items' The Sun claims to have seen.
Prisoners at UK jails can pay for various good via wages earned through jobs undertaken inside or private cash topped up by relatives'.
Other Frankland inmates include Millie Dowler's murderer Levi Bellfiels and Yorkshire Ripper Peter Sutcliffe.
A Prison Service spokesperson denied to The Sun that Huntley was planning transitioning to switch gender.
Klopp has no say in Coutinho saga amid Barça speculation
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp admitted their hands are tied regarding attacker Philippe Coutinho, who is reportedly eager to join Barcelona.
by Omnisport News 15 Aug 2017, 06:01 IST
Barcelona target Philippe Coutinho was absent for Liverpool's draw at Watford
Jurgen Klopp said Liverpool owners Fenway Sports Group have the final say on Philippe Coutinho's future at Anfield as Barcelona push to sign the Brazilian.
Coutinho is believed to have handed in a transfer request last Friday, amid growing links with LaLiga giants Barça, who are looking to fill the void left by Neymar.
The Brazil international's request came just hours after Liverpool insisted they will not entertain any offers for the 25-year-old.
Coutinho, who missed Saturday's season-opening 3-3 draw at Watford in the Premier League, will sit out the first leg of Liverpool's Champions League play-off against Hoffenheim on Tuesday due to a back problem.
As doubts remain over Coutinho, Liverpool manager Klopp admitted their hands are tied.
"If, for example, there is an offer for a player and I say 'No' and the owners say, 'Yes, let's ask for a number on how much they want to pay'. And I say, 'I don't want to hear it'. But they say 'We want to hear it, £50million … £50 million is cool,'" Klopp said. "So then they sell the player – that is how a club works.
"That is how it was with Hans-Joachim Watzke [chief executive] at Dortmund. Do you think I said, 'Sell Nuri Sahin to Real Madrid as quick as possible?' It was not my decision. The player had a contract. They agreed. I am 100 per cent, really, 100 per cent [when I say] I don't ask for things I can't get and I respect the rules in the game.
"If they [FSG] say they [Barcelona] will bid whatever and we don't want it then it is a clear message. We don't want money, we want to invest in the team and have the best team because we have aims and dreams. That is the message.
"It's not important what I think. I have the player from August 31 latest, again, or when the back issue is sorted," Klopp added. "There is nothing else I can say about it. I think I said 'I have bosses', right? I have many bosses, including my wife. I can live with this, it's no problem. They [the owners] are 100 per cent clear on it. There is nothing else to say."
Speaking English was a big problem until Coal India HIL happened: Mandeep Singh
The young wizard says HIL has helped junior players develop their language which is crucial in communicating with umpires and coaches.
by Press Release News 02 Jan 2017, 15:57 IST
Mandeep Singh (L) of Delhi Waveriders in action during the 2016 Coal India HIL
While the Coal India Hockey India League has been widely regarded as a tournament that's done a world of good for Indian hockey, something that's not acknowledged often enough is the fact that the league has helped several young players pick up the English language.
For Indian junior team's prolific forward Mandeep Singh from Mithapur in Jalandhar, Punjab, playing in the Coal India HIL meant that they would have to beat their inhibitions of speaking in English. “I remember my first HIL stint I had to share a room with foreign player Floris Evers from the Netherlands. The fact that I could barely manage broken English made things difficult for us,” they admit recalling an incident during the 2013 edition of League when they played for two-time Champions Ranchi franchise.
“Floris had asked me to set the alarm for 7.30 am as we were supposed to take the flight that morning from Lucknow to Ranchi for our next game. But obviously, I didn't understand and I thought they meant that they would set the alarm and wake me up. In this confusion, both of us slept through the morning while the entire team bus waited for us wondering why we hadn't come down from our room yet,” Mandeep recalls candidly.
However, such instances are a thing of the past. With a constant exposure of communicating with foreign players in the Coal India HIL, Mandeep says that they and most of their teammates from the junior squad are confident of speaking in English—be it with fans abroad, foreign coaches or umpires.
“This has helped us a lot because earlier, we couldn't communicate to the international umpires as to why we think it's a Penalty Corner and asking for a video referral. We had to rely on someone who knew English in the team or explain to our Captain. But regular meetings with foreign players during HIL has helped us improve our language.
“Initially, I could only follow the signals they (foreign players) would give while playing but from the second HIL onwards, things got better, thanks to the numerous team meetings we had where it was insisted that we expressed ourselves in English. This helped us get over our fears of speaking in a language that is uncommon in the region we come from,” they say.
It also helps that the foreign players like to spend time with Indian players during HIL and often engage in healthy banter and indulge in a few rounds of Playstation games.
Mandeep explains, “Manpreet Singh (from the senior team) and I like games on the Playstation. This funny incident happened in 2013 when Floris (Dutch) and Bosco Perez- Pla (from Spain) joined us. The bet was that whoever lost had to have cold water bath in whatever clothes we were wearing and Manpreet and I lost. We got drenched in cold water even as we burst into loud laughter. I think instances like these would help break the ice with foreign players and reduce the language barrier.”
Such experiences from the Coal India HIL has not only brought about a feel-good factor among Indian and foreign players but it has also helped improve their communication with men's team Chief Coach Roelant Oltmans as they understand their commands better and faster.
“At the Junior World Cup matches, there were times when we were down by a goal or two at half-time.
“In those ten minutes of break, Coach Oltmans would come up with a few different tactics that we had to implement in the second half. Of course, they would use the drawing board to explain too but if we had language issues, it would be hard to comprehend in such little time. But I think the past experiences at HIL where almost all of us have played helped,” insists Mandeep who will turn up for Delhi Waveriders this season.
They will be joined by Junior team Captain Harjeet Singh, Santa Singh and Parvinder Singh from the Junior World Cup winning squad.
The Tournament will start from 21 January 2017. Matches will be shown live on Star Sports 2 & HD 2 and Star Sports 3 & HD 3 and live streamed on Hotstar.com
"My opinion right now is that the NDP is going to win the election. (NDP leader) Andrea Horwath is an honest person, and she's going to do something good for the people of Ontario."
— Robert Gibson, 73
"(Liberal leader Kathleen) Wynne has done a lot of good things, but what drives me nuts is the selling off of Hydro One. But I'm also not sure about (PC leader) Doug Ford. And Horwath, I don't know, they've always kind of been on the back burner."
— Mark Sorenson, 55
"I'm not sure how I'm going to vote, but I know I'm not voting Liberal."
— Rachel Eby, 27
"They're talking about the NDP and the Liberals forming a coalition, and I don't like that. I heard that on the news. Please go out and vote."
— Bruce Scholl, 73
"I'm not sure who I'm going to vote for. But I am going to vote."
— Sara Allin, 33
The first one deserved a sequel, which Cleveland won in the biggest comeback in NBA Finals history to even things up with Golden State.
Then with Kevin Durant joining Stephen Curry on one side and LeBron James leading the other, the Warriors and Cavaliers sent interest soaring as they rampaged toward the tiebreaker last season.
But the rubber match was a mismatch, and the Warriors are expected to win just as easily this time.
So as Round 4 of the record-setting rivalry begins Thursday night, has Warriors-Cavaliers become too much of a good thing?
"I don't think so," Golden State guard Klay Thompson said. "I think the rest of the NBA has got to get better. It's not our fault. I'm sure if you asked the fans of the Warriors and the Cavs around the world, whether it's in the Bay Area or in Cleveland, I'm sure they're happy with their team performance. The only people I hear saying that are fans from other teams, which is natural. I don't blame them. But as long as our fan base is happy, that's all that matters."
It's the first time in NBA, NFL, MLB or NHL history that the same teams are meeting four straight times in the championship round, and intrigue in the teams hasn't waned yet. The NBA had its most-watched conference finals since 2012, as both teams had to rally from 3-2 deficits to win Game 7s on the road.
But if this series quickly becomes as lopsided as some fear — ABC analyst Jeff Van Gundy said they couldn't remember a bigger gap between finals teams and said any game the Cavs win is a huge upset — many of those people who have tuned in the last few years might be looking for something else to watch by the time the series switches to Cleveland.
"If James and the Cavaliers win Game 1, you know, the interest is going to skyrocket because they are going to have done what very few — except for them maybe — think they can do, which is won at Golden State," Van Gundy said. "If they get blown out both games, it doesn't matter what we say. People aren't going to be as excited."
The players won't apologize for showing up again, or worry that it hurts the NBA.
"I mean, it may not be as suspenseful as a lot of people want it to be or as drama-filled," Durant said, "but that's what you've got movies and music for."
Nearly everyone will know the raging hormonal buzz of being — for want of a better word — totally "dickmatized" as a teenager, but most of us did not have access to the funds to get hastily married in Vegas. Unfortunately, Charlie Hunnam did.
In an illuminatingly honest interview with AP at Cinemacon last month, #CharlieHunnam explained how they met 20-year-old Catharine Towne at a Dawson's Creek audition (be still my '90s heart!) and ended up getting hastily hitched Britney Spears and Jason Allen Alexander style:
"I'd known the girl for three weeks and we'd fallen madly in love. It was the first time I'd ever been in love and I thought, ‘I have to leave to go back to England.' We met at a Dawson's Creek audition, just as a side note for whoever might be interested in the full story. We fell in love and then we came to Vegas because in our 18-year-old minds, we thought, ‘What if we never see each other again? Let's get married, and then we'll have to see each other again, even if it's just to get divorced.' And so we came to Vegas, but I couldn't even get a drink, so I didn't think I was actually going to be able to get married. I thought it was just a lark, but we sort of psyched ourselves into it and then at 2 o'clock in the morning we ended up getting married. It was at the Silver Bell Wedding Chapel. I even remember it was Reverand R.J. Cotton. We wanted to get married by [Elvis] but they had left the building."
See also:
Catharine in 'Buffy and Charlie in 'Queer as Folk' [Credit: UPN /Channel Four]
The fact they managed to go through with the wedding drunk on only the power of love is a testament to the toxic power of throbbing hormones, but sadly love's young dream pretty swiftly turned into an expensive nightmare:
"[It was] three terrible, painful, expensive years, but I got the cats at the end of it. There was a small victory.”
But if anything is worth the suffering of a shattered heart and a broken bank balance, it's the internet's own spirit animal, right?
Yeah, maybe not.
Did you have a hasty wedding that worked out? Share your stories in the comments below
(Source: YouTube)
BUSINESS
South Korean game company NCSoft said Monday that it had launched “Lineage M,” a mobile remake of its megahit online role-playing game “Lineage,” in Taiwan via its local publishing partner Gamania Digital Entertainment Co.“Lineage M” is now available for download in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau through the Google Play app store and Apple's App Store, according to NCSoft.Developed by NCSoft, “Lineage M” is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game for mobile devices. It aims to recreate the original PC game's gameplay and elements in a mobile setting as closely as possible.Prior to the official launch, “Lineage M” had garnered 540,000 preregistrations in Taiwan on the first day that NCSoft began receiving them, according to the company.Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macao are the first overseas markets where “Lineage M” has been launched. NCSoft initially launched the mobile game in only Korea in June this year.NCSoft is looking to bring “Lineage M” to other markets where the original PC game is familiar to users, which would include Japan and China. However, the game maker has yet to decide on where and when the mobile game will be launched as of now, a company spokesperson said.By Sohn Ji-young ( jys@heraldcorp.com
TOKYO (AP) — The Latest on U.S. Vice President Mike Pence's trip to Asia (all times local):
___
6:50 p.m.
After meeting Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and other top Japanese officials, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence is ending their first day in Tokyo with a visit to an ancient Buddhist temple.
Advertisement
Pence, their wife Karen and two daughters walked inside the main hall of colorful Senso-ji temple Tuesday as incense burned.
It's Tokyo's oldest temple, and a highly popular tourist site that attracts crowds from around the world.
Japan is the second stop on a four-country trip that is taking Pence to South Korea, Indonesia and Australia. It is their first trip to Asia as vice president.
___
5:40 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence says the U.S. will not relent until it achieves its objective of ensuring the Korean Peninsula is free of nuclear weapons.
Pence told reporters President Donald Trump was confident that economic and diplomatic pressure from the “family of nations” had a chance of compelling North Korea to cooperate.
After talks with Japan's deputy prime minister, Taro Aso, Pence said the U.S. would work with Japan, China and other nations to get Pyongyang to give up its atomic weapons program.
Asked what North Korea must do, they repeated that “all options are on the table, and there they will remain.”
___
4:40 p.m.
Japan and the U.S. have outlined a path forward for economic talks between the countries.
The announcement followed an inaugural meeting Tuesday of the U.S.-Japan Economic Dialogue in Tokyo chaired by visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso.
It said the dialogue would focus on three areas: trade and investment rules and issues, cooperation in macroeconomic policy and specific industry sectors.
The dialogue was set up by President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe during the Japanese leader's visit to the U.S. in February.
___
3:40 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso are kicking off a new U.S.-Japan economic dialogue that was launched during Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's meeting with President Donald Trump in the U.S. in February.
As talks began Tuesday, Aso said the U.S.-Japan alliance has underpinned peace and prosperity in the Asia-Pacific region and that trade friction with the U.S. has given way to an “age of cooperation.”
Pence said Trump sees the talks as a way to improve business ties with Japan and is hoping for quick results. The discussions are to focus on economic and structural policy and trade and investment strategies aimed at strengthening both countries' economies.
___
2:15 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence and Japanese leaders have begun talks expected to focus largely on trade with America's anchor ally in the region, though tensions with North Korea loomed large.
Pence reassured Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Tuesday that the U.S. considers its alliance with Japan to be a cornerstone of security in the region.
Pence said, “We appreciate the challenging times in which the people of Japan live with increasing provocations from across the Sea of Japan.”
They also said, “We are with you 100 percent,” adding that the U.S. always seeks peace.
Abe said Japan hoped for peaceful dialogue with Pyongyang, “but at the same time, dialogue for the sake of dialogue is valueless and it is necessary for us to exercise pressure North Korea so that it comes forward and engages in this serious dialogue.”
Pence was having lunch with Abe at the prime minister's official residence after arriving in Japan earlier in the day for the second stop of a 10-day Asia tour.
___
12:15 p.m.
U.S. Vice President Mike Pence has arrived in Japan for the second stop of a 10-day Asia tour.
Their plane touched down Tuesday at the U.S. military's Atsugi base outside Tokyo.
The focus of their trip is expected to shift in Japan to trade. North Korea's nuclear and missile development dominated the agenda on their first stop in South Korea.
Pence told business leaders before leaving Seoul that the Trump administration is reviewing all trade agreements as part of its “America First” policy.
White House officials say the meetings in Tokyo are meant to forge a framework for future discussions after the U.S. withdrew from a Pacific Rim trade pact.
Posted: Oct 05, 2017 2:19 PM CDTUpdated: Oct 05, 2017 2:19 PM CDT
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. (AP) - Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford has rejoined the team for practice for the first time in two weeks, raising the possibility of them coming back as the starter for the upcoming game at Chicago.
Bradford went through drop-back throwing drills on Thursday during the initial portion of the workout that was open to reporters. They have been kept out of the past three games because of a sore left knee that stemmed from the season opener.
Coach Mike Zimmer said they don't know yet whether Bradford or backup Case Keenum will start on Monday against the Bears, but the extra day before the game will give Bradford a better chance to be cleared for a return.
The Vikings (2-2) have lost two of their three games with Keenum.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
How Monopoly Man Won The Internet
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
Monopoly Man became the Internet crush of the day on Wednesday, after upstaging former Equifax CEO Richard Smith at a Senate hearing on the company's massive data breach.
The board game character, whose name is Rich Uncle Pennybags, was brought to life by Amanda Werner, an arbitration campaign manager for Public Citizen and Americans for Financial Reform, groups that advocate for consumer rights and protections.
Almost immediately, the monocle, mustache, top hat, pillowcase-sized bag of (#fake) Benjamins became a social media sensation.
The most unlikely viewers tuned in to the Senate Banking Committee hearing to watch Werner troll Smith, who was facing a roomful of angry senators after a hack that may have exposed the personal information of more than 145 million people.
People loved it.
"It was a very calculated move," said Werner, who prefers the pronouns "they" and "them," adding that it was hilarious to watch the scene become a meme in real time.
Werner mugged and preened for the camera and somehow, in a week dominated by sad and distressing news, gave people what they didn't know they wanted: a delightful reprieve.
Here is how Werner staged the viral protest — without getting kicked thrown out of the Capitol.
An alarm and an intern
Werner has attended a slew of Senate hearings and has even provided pro-consumer rights testimony in some cases. That is how the activist knew that getting on TV is all about location — and staying within the camera's frame.
The problem is that seats in the audience tend to fill up quickly, Werner explained.
"Luckily we have a very dedicated intern here," Werner said. "He showed up at 7 a.m. and held a spot in line for me so that we could get that prime seat." The one directly behind Smith, who was the target of the grilling.
Apparently, the intern was the first person in line.
During the hearing, Werner followed #MonopolyMan's rise to stardom in real time on a phone. Over Twitter, Werner was able to figure out the best angles as their head floated in and out of the camera's view. At one point Werner peered over Smith's shoulder using the monocle to inspect the back of the millionaire's head; at another point they knowingly stroked the perfectly shaped mustache glued to their face.
Honed tone
Werner set out to garner as much publicity as possible for the type of advocacy work Public Citizen does on behalf of consumers.
"We wanted to do something to get people's attention," Werner said of the hours-long photobomb, adding that people's eyes tend to glaze over when anyone utters the words "forced arbitration."
Knowing that is the catalyst for coming up with creative protest ideas, Werner explained.
They added that given the somber tone of news coverage around the deadly shooting in Las Vegas this week, the goal was to inject a little humor into public discourse.
"I think this week has been a particularly rough week on the American psyche so I think people needed a little bit of levity," Werner said.
It certainly inspired tens of thousands of happy face crying emojis on Twitter and on Facebook.
The decision to go the funny route is in stark contrast the health care protests on Sept. 25 during a hearing on the most recent Republican plan to replace the Affordable Care Act. Demonstrators began chanting, delaying the start of the hearing. Fifteen people were arrested and charged with disruption of Congress, according to U.S. Capitol Police. Dozens, staging die-ins in the hallway, were arrested and charged with crowding, obstructing or incommoding.
"There are a lot of different methods of protest and they all work for different instances," Werner said. "You have to decide which is the best for your particular situation."
Ultimately, Werner argued, a good protest leads to action. The notoriety is great to call attention to the cause, they said. But Werner added, "I hope that the effort [Wednesday] will make people not only laugh at the Monopoly Man and retweet these funny pictures but also to call their senators and tell them to vote no on SJ Res 47."
The bill would overturn a new rule intended to ban financial service providers, including banks and credit card companies, from using mandatory arbitration clauses to resolve their disputes and avoid class action lawsuits.
Fashion statement, not statement statement
There are certain lines that members of the audience at committee hearings cannot cross. They do not appear to be listed on the Capitol Police website, but here are a few guidelines that Werner has collected.
Wearing a costume? That is allowed.
Werner was a little concerned that the Capitol Police would not allow the top hat, but they didn't give it a second look.
In fact, Werner recalls hearing a story about another demonstrator who dressed as Abraham Lincoln, complete with the beard and requisite foot-long stove pipe hat, and legend has it they were allowed to wear it throughout the proceedings.
Holding up a sign? That is against the rules and can get people thrown out.
Werner knew that going in, but that didn't stop them from briefly holding up a yellow "Get out of jail free" card that appeared on screen a few times. "I didn't hold it up long," Werner confessed.
"I was a little afraid that as I was wiping my forehead with the $100 bill or doing other things that were calling a lot of attention to myself, that I might get warned," they said.
But the only warning Werner received was for holding a giant bag of money on their lap, which they immediately set on the floor.
Another word-of-mouth tip Werner has received: Writing messages on one's clothing is permitted.
MassDevelopment has issued a $3 million tax-exempt bond for Berkshire School Inc. in Sheffield.
The independent, co-educational preparatory school will use bond proceeds to build, furnish and equip an approximately 2,280-square-foot addition to the school's Spurr dormitory and to demolish and reconstruct portions of the building.
Berkshire School will also use the money to replace about 185,000 square feet of athletic turf fields.
TD Bank purchased the bond, according to a news release.
"MassDevelopment is committed to helping the Commonwealth's top-notch educational institutions expand their facilities and grow their programming so that students enter the professional world with the skills to succeed," said MassDevelopment President and CEO Lauren Liss in a news release. "We are pleased this low-cost financing will help The Berkshire School update its campus with a new dormitory and modern athletic fields."
Berkshire School began as a school for boys in 1907 and went co-educational in 1969. It has 400 students in grades nine through 12, as well as a post-graduate year, with students entering the school from 33 states and 32 countries.
MassDevelopment is the state's finance and development agency. In the 2017 budget year, MassDevelopment financed or managed 377 projects generating investment of more than $4.3 billion in the Massachusetts economy.
The iconic alternative rock quintet Sandwich uploaded a teaser video for Time Lapse on their official Facebook page last Wednesday, revealing the release date of the track. Now that it's the 2nd of February, we can all finally feast on their latest single on Spotify, iTunes, Deezer, and Apple Music.
As we all know, Sandwich will be celebrating their 20th anniversary this February, and we're all pretty stoked about it; and since they're this month's featured artist, we'll be ampin' up the airwaves with their music all month-long!
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Disabled people as young as nine-years-old have described how they turned to Childline because of problems with bullying or neglect.
Children classed as disabled are three times more likely to be abused or neglected, the NSPCC has said.
Growing numbers of disabled children in Bristol have been seeking help for problems including mental health and family problems.
Although Bristol does not have a designated Childline centre, more than 1,100 counselling sessions were carried out in Birmingham and a further 800 in Wales.
The figures form part of a 13 per cent rise in counselling sessions given across the UK to children who were identified as disabled.
In total, Childline delivered 8,253 counselling sessions to young people who either told or were identified by counsellors as deaf, disabled, having special educational needs or a health condition.
As well as being more likely to be victims of abuse, figures suggest disabled children are also less likely to receive the protection and support they need when they have been abused.
The most common worries voiced by children included their mental and emotional health, issues related to disability and family relationships.
The Bristol Post and NSPCC campaign 175,000 abused or suffering children a year try to call Childline but can't get through because demand is now so high - that's why we have joined forces with the NSPCC for our Christmas fundraising campaign. Every 25 seconds a child contacts the NSPCC's Childline service. Right now, Childline counsellors can only respond to 3 out of 4 children who need their help. £4 could pay for a counsellor to answer a child's call. It could be a call that saves their lives. Donate now: Online at nspcc.org.uk/post
To donate £4, text 'NSPCC 4' TO 707111
To donate £12, text 'NSPCC 12' TO 707111
To donate £20, text 'NSPCC 20' TO 707111 Text costs include your donation of £4, £12 or £20 plus your standard network rate. The NSPCC will receive 100 per cent of your donation. Find out how the NSPCC works to keep more children safe every day at nspcc.org.uk.
Children also contacted Childline volunteers to talk about their fears over their disability affecting their future ambitions and relationships.
One boy, aged nine, who cannot be named, said a lack of support from their school in dealing with bullies drove them to call Childline.
“They bully me because I wear glasses and have a funny looking eye,” they said.
“I get bullied going to school and coming back. Some of the bullies live in the next street to me.
“I asked my school for help but was told they couldn't do anything about bullying that happens outside of school.
“I am really sad and so worried about what the bullies will do to me.”
Some children told Childline they were scared about their future and described feeling nervous about how their disability or condition might impact on achieving their ambitions.
Most heartbreakingly, some even said they could not picture themselves being in a loving relationship or becoming parents and feared they had no future because of their disability.
John Cameron, NSPCC Head of Helplines, added: “It's extremely concerning to see so many disabled children and teenagers contacting Childline but this could be only the tip of the iceberg.
“We know that disabled young people are particularly vulnerable to abuse and neglect and we need to ensure that support and advice is available to all those who could find themselves in difficult or dangerous situations.
“Childline counsellors will continue to support as many disabled young people as possible to ensure that they have the ability to live without fear of prejudice.”
The disabilities or conditions most commonly recorded by Childline included autism, those with learning difficulties, a physical disability or mobility issues, and those with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or attention deficit disorder (ADD).
The sobering figures emphasise the need to support the joint NSPCC and Bristol Post festive campaign – Light Up Christmas for Children – which is raising crucial funds for Childline.
Currently the NSPCC service only has the resources to respond to three in every four contacts, meaning some young people with disabilities may not be getting through and receiving the support and advice they so desperately need.
*Moved by what you've read? Please help Childline be there for every young person who desperately needs support. Donate £4 by texting ‘NSPCC 4' to 81400 or visiting nspcc.org.uk/post.
Text costs include your donation of £4 plus your standard network rate.
To donate £12 text ‘NSPCC 12' and to donate £20 text ‘NSPCC 20', also to 81400. The NSPCC will receive 100% of your donation.
Notwithstanding for powerful people, there are vulnerabilities about the protection of probiotics. Since various evaluation concentrates on Miracle Biotics haven't looked, there isn't adequate details beginning now to respond some growing inquiries. The greater bit of our understanding about protection begins from examinations of Lactobacillus and Bifidobacterium; less is seen as unique probiotics. Information common course of activity successful of probiotics is confined, and protection may alter beginning with photos probiotic then onto the going with. For example, despite the way that a National Center for Complementary and Integrative Health (NCCIH)- fortified analysis revealed that a particular type of Lactobacillus has every one of the reserves of being assured in audio adults age 65 and more settled, this does not suspect that all probiotics would in a sound judgment be alright for those in this age cluster.
Quality Concerns About Probiotic Products
NCCIH-Funded Research
NCCIH is assisting a blueprint of evaluation tries relevant to probiotics.
http://www.probioticspotency.com/miracle-biotics/
Rob Kardashian is "focusing" on their daughter Dream.
The 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' star has had a tough time of it recently - with their health issues and splitting from their fiancÃ© Blac Chyna - but they are trying to stay positive with the help of their 16-month-old daughter.
A source told People magazine: "He needs to get their eating in check [but] he's been more active. Everyone hopes this time they can turn themselves around ...
"He's been doing better and has been spending a lot more time around their family, which is good for him. There is a lot of sympathy for Rob - they fell hard for Chyna. He's trying to focus on Dream and being a good dad to them Dream is the sweetest little girl and loves Rob."
Rob recently celebrated their 31st birthday and their mother Kris Jenner and sister Kim Kardashian West took to social media to send their best wishes.
Kris wrote: "Happy birthday @robkardashian!! You are the most wonderful son a mom could ever ask for and I thank God for you every day! It brings me so much joy to see the incredible father you have become. I am so proud of you!! Love, Mommy x #HappyBirthdayRob #ProudMama (sic)"
Whilst Kim added in their own post: "Happy Birthday to my brother Rob!!! I love you so much and wish you all of the happiness in the world! I love raising our kids together, you're the best dad and friend! Can't wait to celebrate today!! (sic)"
Even Blac Chyna posted a message to their former fiancÃ©, captioning a photo of the three of them: "Happy Birthday Rob from Dreamy and Chy."
× Expand Those who died: Carolyn Hamm, Debbie Davis, Susan Hellams, Diane Cho, and Susan Tucker (Photo courtesy Richard Foster)
In the summer of 1987, Richmond police believed that a serial killer was loose in the city. The detection technology available then was not much better than in a 1940s noir film: dusting for prints and combing a crime scene for clothing fibers, body fluids or sole patterns of shoes. Five women died and at least 10 were raped before the violence and terror ended. Today, Richard Foster, a former colleague of mine here at Richmond magazine, and a Style Weekly writer before that, premieres “Southern Nightmare,” their 10-part weekly podcast about the man dubbed “The Southside Strangler.”
A new technique brought the murderer and rapist to justice a year after their 1987 spree. For the first time, something almost taken for granted today — forensic DNA evidence — was successfully used by U.S. law enforcement to apprehend and convict a killer.
In the 1980s, the test wasn't conducted the way we see on TV with the high-tech gizmos.
“Back in the days of the Southside Strangler, DNA determination took months and involved radioactive danger to the tester,” Foster says. “It also required large amounts of bodily fluid: blood or semen. Now, they can use sweat, a minuscule amount, and they can duplicate and replicate it in the lab, to essentially create larger chains of DNA for a more complete picture.”
Foster is using information from nearly 50 separate interviews that they started last October. As happens with these sorts of stories, one leads to another. This isn't a pleasant topic, either. “A guy I spoke with last night was very upset that I'd called him,” Foster says. “ 'Why are you stirring all this up again?' ”
For Foster, it's a several-fold response. Not many people realize that criminology involving DNA started right here in the Old Dominion — in Richmond, even — and that the state had the first DNA registry, championed, not without controversy, by the 21-year director of the state Department of Forensic Science, Paul B. Ferrara.
In 1989, due in large part to Ferrara's efforts, Virginia became the first state to create a DNA database of previously convicted sex offenders.
Foster was also working against the actuarial clock.
“Many of the people I've interviewed are in their late 60s and 70s, even their 80s. I wanted to make their recollections a part of the historical record about this landmark case; otherwise they'd be lost.”
They set out to find people who knew about the case, the friends and relatives of the slain or the investigators who worked to end the killings.
Foster also wanted to remember the lives of those from which it had been taken: Debbie Davis, an account executive for Style Weekly; Susan Hellams, a neurosurgeon at the Medical College of Virginia; Diane Cho, a Manchester High School first-year student and 15 at their death; and Susan Tucker, found dead in their Arlington apartment. DNA evidence ultimately proved that the killer was responsible for another death in Arlington, in 1984, of Carolyn Hamm.
The horrific aspects of these 1987 deaths involved the women being attacked in their own homes, raped, and then slowly killed in a process of tightening and releasing ligatures made from a vacuum cleaner hose and belts from the victim's clothing. The killer left no fingerprints, no witnesses, and, for a time, the Richmond police pursued an erroneous profile of the perpetrator. Detectives in Richmond and Arlington needed to collaborate to form a complete picture.
The daily journalism of the day, too, wasn't as sensitive as it might've been, especially in the case of Diane Cho, the daughter of recent Korean immigrants. Them parents moved to Richmond in July 1987, only to endure the death four months later of their youngest child.
“The parents didn't know much English,” Foster says. Reporters attempted to interview the father through the brother, who wasn't fully conversant in their adopted language, either. “The writers got what they could, and moved on — and I understand deadline pressure. But the time, too, was different: [Diane] was described as an ‘Oriental,' which you just wouldn't do today.”
Foster sought to build trust, and for the Cho component of the story, they hired a court-certified native Korean speaker to speak with Diane's mother at their daughter's gravesite.
These kinds of podcasts — delving into cold and unsolved cases, or events from the relatively recent past — straddle the line between oral history and true-crime stories. For delving into the folds of the story, Foster relied on their journalistic sleuthing skills. Social media and the internet make it easier to search for people, far more than when Foster wrote their biography of a 1950s pinup icon, “The Real Bettie Page,” which entailed going to the Library of Congress to find old newspapers. “At a certain point, it's about one person leading you to another,” they say.
The killer, Timothy Spencer, became the first murderer convicted on forensic DNA evidence and was the last person in Virginia executed by electrocution on April 27, 1994.
Download “Southern Nightmare” for free from the podcast website and on Apple Podcasts, Google Play Music and most podcast outlets.
Columbus, Ga. — Three murder suspects accused of killing a Upatoi grandmother, their son and their 10-year-old granddaughter appeared in superior court Friday morning.
The judge's decided to wait to rule on whether these three defendants will be tried together or separately.
The judge's ruling will be made next Wednesday at noon.19-year-old Jervarceay Tapley, 21-year-old Raheam Gibson and 17-year-old Rufus Burks are charged with murder, kidnapping, theft by taking motor vehicle and burglary
among other charges.
The trio is accused of breaking into Gloria Short's home back in 2016 and killing her, their teenage son Caleb Short, and their granddaughter Gianna Lindsey.
The defense attorneys for Gibson and Burks argued the three men should be tried separately. The state urged the judge to try all three men together.
Burks and Gibson were in court for the entire hearing Friday. Tapley left after their attorney, Shevon Thomas, asked for their client to be excused.
This is what Rufus Burks' defense attorney had to say when asked if only one person committed the murders.
“Absolutely. That person wasn't in court today,” Defense Attorney Jennifer Curry said. “Every witness statement, every piece of evidence, DNA, fingerprints everything we have up to this point distances Mr. Burks from this horrific crime.”
The defense attorney for Gibson agreed with Curry.
“I'm not the jury so I'm not finding anybody guilty,” Mark Shelnutt said. “I'm just saying for example they've got evidence of DNA, they've got evidence of clothes they've got evidence that tends to be used against other defendants that wouldn't be used in our case. If their case were separate, you're not left with very much at all.”
Jury selection is set to begin Oct. 16 while opening statements are slated to start Oct. 30.
Trump tells young athletes to play to win, have a good life
Trump tells young athletes to play to win, have a good life
Associated Press NEWS News 31 May 2018, 04:26 IST 26 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
WASHINGTON (AP) — Taking their turn in the batting cage and swinging a golf club, President Donald Trump joined a group of famous athletes for a field day with kids at the White House on Wednesday as they kicked off an effort to increase youth participation in sports.
"Work hard, get in the game, play to win and, most of all, have a good time," the president told the youngsters. They later told them to "have a great life."
Their administration wants to reverse a trend of declining participating in athletic activity and to make youth sports more accessible to economically disadvantaged students.
At the event on the South Lawn, Trump also spotlighted members of the President's Council on Sports, Fitness, and Nutrition. The long-established group is headed by former New York Yankees pitcher Mariano Rivera, retired beach volleyball Olympian Misty May-Treanor and ex-NFL running back Herschel Walker.
After addressing participants, Trump joined athletes at stations that included flag football, baseball, golf and track and field. They asked kids to name their favorite players and posed for photos.
"Any Tigers? Who's the next Tiger?" they asked the young golfers, referring to champion Tiger Woods.
Trump issued an executive order in February refocusing the council on youth sports as opposed to President Barack Obama's emphasis on fitness and healthy eating. Trump, who played high school sports and is a competitive golfer, has tried to work with public and private groups to address declining participation in youth sports.
Ivanka Trump, the president's daughter and senior adviser, told reporters in a conference call before the event that sports participation lags disproportionately among young girls and children who live in economically distressed areas. Many high schools have "pay to play" policies requiring students to pay a fee to join a school sports team, making it difficult for families to afford after-school sports.
"We must break down barriers to youth sports participation and empower each child to reach their or their full potential through sport and play," Ivanka Trump said. They said that by the time girls reach age 14, they drop out of athletics at two times the rate of boys.
Other participants at the White House event included "The Incredible Hulk" actor Lou Ferrigno, who befriended Trump while appearing on "Celebrity Apprentice"; former New York Yankees baseball player Johnny Damon; and professional golfer Natalie Gulbis.
Trump particularly seemed to enjoy getting the chance to hit a golf ball on a work day. "I love golf," they said earlier of their favorite sport.
The council was established in 1956 by President Dwight Eisenhower to promote youth fitness and sports. Each president has often placed their own stamp on the council and its priorities.
During Obama's presidency, first lady Michelle Obama launched the sports council in 2010 in conjunction with their "Let's Move!" initiative and took part in hula-hooping and jumping rope as ways to fight childhood obesity.
Trump's administration plans to create a national strategy to promote youth participation in sports and set the stage for a series of events that will culminate around the 2020 Summer Olympics.
Trump has bragged about their athletic abilities, telling The Wall Street Journal in a January interview: "I was always the best athlete. People don't know that." Trump once owned the USFL's New Jersey Generals, led by Heisman Trophy-winner Walker, and they frequently play golf with pros, members of Congress and world leaders at clubs they own.
White House doctor said earlier this year that Trump acknowledged he'd be healthier if they lost a few pounds by exercising more and eating better. Dr. Ronny Jackson, who has since left that post, told reporters that they would arrange for a dietitian to consult with the White House chef to cut calories and recommend a low-impact, aerobic exercise program for Trump with the aim of shedding 10 pounds to 15 pounds this year.
___
Associated Press writer Jill Colvin contributed to this report.
__
On Twitter follow Ken Thomas at https://twitter.com/KThomasDC
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Chelsea fans are currently trying to come to terms with the news John Terry is to leave the club at the end of the season.
For Stamford Bridge regulars, the idea of their captain playing for any other team is almost too much to bear. However, JT's activities in the summer of 2015 suggest they might be moving away… very, very far away.
In June 2015, the Blues stalwart embarked on a trip to Asia. Before doing so, they uploaded a photo of the logo… of their own trip.
"JT Captain China Tour 2015" it read.
And the photos that were recorded of Terry's one-man tour of the world's most populated country were weird - and glorious - to say the least.
Let's take a look and see if these are images of a man getting used to their new surroundings…
First there's a stint as a real life mannequin
(Photo: Getty)
Then they meet some fans
(Photo: Getty)
Who offer them some fruit
(Photo: Getty)
And JT is too lazy to eat it themselves - asks them to place it in their mouth
(Photo: Getty)
He's then asked to spot themselves in Chelsea team photos
(Photo: Getty)
"There I am"
(Photo: Getty)
"And there!"
(Photo: Getty)
Before they are presented with a picture of Audrey Hepburn. Obviously.
(Photo: Getty)
And then shown John Terry highlights on a giant screen
(Photo: Getty)
"I look great in this one"
(Photo: Getty)
JT then meets a man who does their best Petr Cech impression
(Photo: Getty)
For some reason Greg Davies is there too
(Photo: Getty)
This says "I am rubbish at defending"
(Photo: Getty)
And this one says "John Terry smells"
(Photo: Getty)
Finally, they steal a lady's bouquet of flowers
(Photo: Getty)
What a day.
The #MeToo movement's focus on sexual harassment has not just shifted the cultural dialog in the United States, it could reshape how candidates campaign in 2018, a new study suggests.
The Barbara Lee Family Foundation, which works to advance women's equality and representation in American politics, released a report Wednesday that found candidates on both sides of the political aisle may benefit by pledging to fight sexual harassment, particularly women.
According to the report, "#MeToo: An Issue That Transcends Party," voters respond positively to both male and female candidates who include proactive language about fighting sexual harassment in their introductory materials and campaign statements.
Women running for office, however, appear to see a bigger benefit than their male counterparts when it comes to addressing sexual harassment -- a boost which appears to cross-party lines, the study suggested.
The report found that including a phrase about fighting sexual harassment in a candidate's profile increased voters' positive perception of both Democratic and Republican women over their male opponents.
Those who express doubts or question the #MeToo movement and sexual harassment, meanwhile, could suffer at the polls, with the report finding that a majority of voters raised doubts about such candidates.
"Voters don't just think twice about a candidate who questions the #MeToo movement; they also respond well to a candidate who delivers positive messages about taking proactive steps to address sexual harassment," the foundation noted in a memo on the study. "While positive messages are convincing to voters regardless of the gender of the candidate saying them, some are stronger when delivered by a woman candidate."
Barbara Lee, founder and president of the Barbara Lee Family Foundation, said the research demonstrates that the issue of sexual harassment "is important to voters and has the potential to be a deciding factor in a close race."
The #MeToo movement could also play a major role in races across the country this year, as a reported record number of female candidates have announced 2018 bids, including more than 500 who are seeking U.S. House, the Senate or gubernatorial seats.
The study is based on a survey, which Lake Research Partners and Bellwether Research designed and administered via telephone to 1,000 likely 2018 voters nationwide from Feb. 14 to 25. It asked respondents to weigh-in on various fictional candidate profiles.
Social media fueling the #MeToo moment, but will it become a movement?
The #MeToo movement, which seeks to end sexual violence and support survivors, went viral in October 2017 as allegations of sexual harassment and assault surfaced against an array of public figures.
Rep. Rick Crawford Of House Intelligence Committee Discusses Decision To Release Memo NPR's Mary Louise Kelly talks to Rep. Rick Crawford, R-Ark., of the House Intelligence Committee about the decision to release the memo authored by Devin Nunes on the beginnings of the Russia investigation.
Bob Kat proves that you don't need a bunch of fancy techs to put together a robot. A lot of the stuff we throw away can actually be repurposed into a project. They found the tongue depressors that they used for this build in a dusty old box that was stored away in overstock. The rest of the bot came from the trash. “I sourced 90% of the materials for this robot from junk I found in the garage,” Kat said. “Though, I do work at a robot shop, so our garage might have different junk than yours.”
You can grab the full material list and build instructions for this cute little bot on Bob Kat's Maker Share project page. They say that the entire process won't take very long (1-3 hours tops), so this might be a fun and easy project to do with your kid one weekend afternoon.
Want to showcase your own projects? Join Maker Share today.
more : Facebook – Instagram – DeviantArt
At first glance, the colourful illustrations of Spanish artist Gunsmithcat (aka Luis Quiles) look innocent enough, until you look a little closer. Their work is a unique combination of real-life events and current affairs blended with numerous pop culture references from the world of film, gaming, TV and technology.
Luis Quiles is a Spanish illustrator with extraordinary talent. Their colorful, comic pencil stroke is full of cynicism and sarcasm. This opposition between the drawings in themselves and the messages they see allows to shock and to challenge all those who admire them, confronting them violently through the Man and their society.
Between violence, perversion, religion, consumption, politics, sexism, poverty, homophobia, Third World, famine, and many other themes, nothing escapes the sharp eye and the unequivocal judgment of this artist engaged and horribly talented.
Their confronting illustrations focus on range of complex and controversial issues including homophobia, sexism, censorship, corporate greed and even child violence. It often makes for unsettling viewing, knowing just how close to the truth they are at times.
Whilst others might have use their artistic talent purely for commercial gain or played it safe, Gunsmithcat opted and aspired for more. Their work is a reminder of the darker side of modern society, a raw and unflinching look at the devious nature of the human psyche.
Through their art, Quiles sums up a wide range of controversial issues ranging from the free sale of drug addiction, censorship, corruption to veiled sexism, violence, child abuse, and most relevant of all, our obsession of social media culture.
There is something brutal, captivating, and revealing that is expressed through every illustration, perhaps in part because of the apparent truth that exists in the messages. Many of them are hard to look at, but they all look like an exact representation of the riddles that plague our world today.
Explanations:
The forcing of cheap food to a docile and lethargic audience.
Given the rising cost of living, which continues to increase at an alarming rate, with an economy pushing more and more people to a lower socio-economic level, many families and students are gorging themselves essentially on good food. market because it's their only option. Does the design of our systems take into account nutrition that stimulates our optimal cognitive and energy capabilities?
A lack of nutritious food makes a nation lethargic and docile.
Censorship
The censorship of the freedom of thought and the consequences that follow when you speak.
It is interesting to see how the laws, regulations and programs that exist around fear limit our choices and thoughts in countries that declare to be “free”. One can be severely penalized for daring to challenge the belief systems of their government. There is something curious about this censorship.
The hand of religion to poverty.
It is no secret that the predominant religious institutions are among the richest organizations in our present world. Yet even among all currencies and gold, the stakes are high, with their pretense of being indispensable to the salvation of the world, these institutions have failed to solve the pandemic of poverty around the world. Ironically, many developing countries are wrapped up in the ideological atmosphere of organized religion, following diligent teachings without paralleling the fact that these institutions have the means to help.
How is female sexuality used to deflect hormone-focused attention from the male population?
Multinationals do not make differences
It's rampant in all media forms today. The hyper-sexualized image of women, used to stimulate a population led by men's testosterone. Not only is it widespread in the media, but it is also witnessed in various aspects of modern day culture. For example, many restaurants or cafes require girls to wear skirts, heels, or even boots, to appeal to a specific audience. Female celebrities of pop are also generally sexually exploited in the mainstream media. Another example of the dominant male influences that is at the top of the scale.
“Generation notifications”; The madness of social media on the population.
Social networks have undoubtedly changed the way we connect on the internet, but it is difficult to say now if these conditions have a positive or harmful effect, this subject is much debate. Today we see a high percentage of young people and adults who are literally dependent on their phones, iPads, or laptops. It's almost starting to move towards a physical and technological fusion with man, where the line between the reality of social networks and everyday reality is continually disappearing. There are several platforms available nowadays, many of which are a waste of time, by scrolling endless news. How will this relationship with social media evolve over the next few years? Case to follow …
Innocent victims of useless wars.
How can we continue to hurt innocent civilians? That's incomprehensible. Children growing up around the devastation of war are often the focus of underproducts.
How can we continue to hurt innocent civilians? That's incomprehensible. Children who grow up around the devastation of war are often the subject of by-products of weapons of war, ie, firearms and radiation lead to amputation. Whether we support the “war on terror” or not, we can not support the absurdity of the killers of innocent children in the name of defending their own country. The push to the extreme that money holds over the people. With the way the system is being put in place, it's almost as if people are intentionally opposing each other as a giant game on the survival of the fittest. As these famous lines indicate, “the rich are getting richer and the poor are getting poorer. Virtually all sectors today are fueled by financial gain. Some are willing to take great means to achieve their ends in the name of money. Sadly, we see financial interests literally destroying the planet, destroying ecosystems and wildlife at an unsustainable pace. How did a system of manufactured values ​​come to be a possible downfall of the whole planet? Will humanity wake up from its own madness before it's too late? How professional athletes are used as products. All is said. How pharmaceuticals turn a population into zombies, killing us slowly. ‘The Times' analysis of death statistics in 2009 found: • For the first time in the United States, more people were killed by drugs than by motor vehicle accidents. • 37,485 people died because of medication, a rate fueled by overdoses of prescriptions for pain and anxiety, compared to 36,284 people in car accidents • Drug-related deaths doubled among teens and youth adults between 2000 and 2008, and tripled among people aged 50 to 69 years. These facts are based off of the legal statistics of prescription drugs. It is estimated that more than 450,000 adverse events are drug related each year. The costs of adverse drug effects are estimated at billions of euros each year – more than the total cost of cardiovascular or diabetic care. Based on records from 1976 to 2006, researchers found 62 million death certificates related to prescription drugs in the United States, nearly a quarter of the millions of these deaths were coded as having occurred in a hospital because of a medical error.
BUSINESS
(Yonhap)
The world's top three manufacturers of memory chips saw their combined revenue from server chips gain about 30 percent for the second quarter of this year, helped by a surging demand for high-end servers, according to industry data on Tuesday.The combined server DRAM revenue of three suppliers -- Samsung Electronics Co., SK hynix Inc. and Micron Technology Inc. -- stood at US$4.43 billion for the second quarter, up 30.1 percent from a quarter ago, the data by industry tracker DRAMeXchange showed.Mark Liu, an analyst at DRAMeXchange, said in a statement that the jump in sales of server DRAM chips came after "the increase in the average memory density of server systems."Semiconductor manufacturers are expected to have difficulty in meeting the various growing demands in the DRAM market, DRAMeXchange said."On the whole, server DRAM supply is expected to remain tight throughout the remainder of 2017," the analyst said.Samsung's server DRAM revenue jumped 36.5 percent on quarter to $1.98 billion for the second quarter, while SK hynix's revenue rose 28.2 percent on quarter to $1.37 billion, according to the data.Micron's server DRAM revenue gained 22 percent on quarter to $1.06 billion, the latest data showed. (Yonhap)
One of North Yorkshire's leading independent brewers has produced a new golden beer to celebrate its silver anniversary.
To mark Harrogate-based Daleside Brewery's 25th anniversary, its head brewer Craig Witty has produced a stunning ‘Beer of Distinction', aptly called “Daleside 25th Anniversary Golden Ale”.
Daleside was first launched in the mid-1980s and, at the time, was one of the first new-style independent breweries.
Ther brewery's managing director Eric Lucas said “We at Daleside Brewery would like to say a big thank you to our loyal customers and to our colleagues in the industry for their support over the last 25 years.
“Key to running a successful brewery in this ever-changing beer market is to brew consistently good beer which meets trade customer and consumer expectations, at which Daleside excels.”
Many of the beers first developed in the 1990s at Daleside remain as popular as ever, including Old Legover, Daleside Blonde, Morocco Ale and Ripon Jewel.
Head brewer Craig, who has been with Daleside ever since it first moved to its current Camwal Road home in Starbeck in 1992, said that the new celebration beer was a well-balanced floral brew, ABV 4.2%, golden in colour.
Over the last 25 years, its beers, both casked real ales and premium bottled beers, have achieved wide recognition, repeatedly winning international, national, regional and local awards .
The brewery prides itself on using the best quality malts, whole-leaf hops, Daleside's own yeast and Harrogate water.
One of their most enduring success stories, Monkey Wrench, continues to win awards, including 2016 Beer of The Year from Yorkshire & North East CAMRA in the Old Ale and Strong Mild sector.
Established long before the craft beer revolution caught hold of Britain's drinkers, its recently branched out with innovative new beers in a more hoppy direction.
But managing director Eric Lucas said the commitment and skills of staff had been paramount in maintaining the brewery's success.
“We want to express our gratitude to the hardworking Daleside team who ensure we deliver and maintain a high level of service throughout every department of the company. All at Daleside will be enjoying a celebration dinner and, of course, a pint of Daleside.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Kyle has been spotted enjoying a romantic getaway in Barbados with their new girlfriend.
The 51-year-old daytime TV favourite was seen relaxing on board a catamaran on holiday with Vicky Burton, 35 – who was their children's nanny when they were still married.
Jeremy relaxed in a pair of blue swimming trunks on the boat while they watched their new girlfriend make the most of the sun in a matching blue bikini.
Vicky was the nanny to Jeremy and their ex-wife Carla Germaine's three children Alice, 12, Ava, 11, and seven-year-old Henry for nine years – and quit their job nine months ago.
(Photo: MEGA)
(Photo: MEGA)
The new couple returned to Barbados – despite previously holidaying there with Jeremy's wife in July 2013 under different circumstances.
Last month, Jeremy's ex wife has revealed their “shock” of finding out about their new relationship with their children's nanny.
Jeremy, 51, has been dating 35-year-old Vicky Burton for two months .
(Photo: MEGA)
Ex-wife Carla Germaine, 41, said they knew nothing about the romance and is angry they aren't told sooner.
“I'm in shock – they were my nanny for nine years, they looked after my babies,” Carla told The Sun .
The mum of three said they were “best friends” with the nanny but hasn't heard anything from them since they quit their job nine months ago.
(Photo: Splash News)
Carla claimed they didn't know about the relationship until very recently – and is furious with their ex-husband.
“What about our children? Why would they let it go public?" they said.
"I've got our three children to protect and this was their nanny. There are moral boundaries and integrity. My priority is my children.”
Vicky was pictured alongside Jeremy, their wife Carla Germaine and two of their three kids on holiday in Barbados in July 2013.
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: ITV)
Jeremy and Carla later split and divorced last February – and the romance with Vicky is their first since the 13-year marriage ended.
News of the romance has fascinated viewers of The Jeremy Kyle Show in which Jeremy addresses relationship dilemmas in front of the camera.
They have helped hundreds of warring partners face up to their problems since the ITV show launched a decade ago.
(Photo: ITV)
But then their own life could form the basis for a show: Two marriages, a wife who had an affair, one cancer scare, a long battle with a crippling gambling addiction and now... a love story.
Jeremy announced they and second wife Carla had broken up 18 months ago, saying they had “separated amicably” after growing apart.
Rome, December 11 - The 50th anniversary edition of the Sant'Egidio community's guide contains all the info poor, homeless and migrants may need to eat, sleep, wash and scrub up. The guide also includes Pope Francis' laundromat, in Via Gallicano, where migrants wash their clothes. The guide, whose 8,000 copies are given out free, contains 41 canteens, "one more than last year," said Community chief Marco Impagliazzo, as well as 47 places to sleep, 27 services for personal cleaning and 39 places for grooming. "This guide has been complied mainly thanks to those who use our service and help us improve them," said Impagliazzo. In 2017, every week, the community's centres gave out five tonnes of food, three tonnes of clothes, and over the year 21,000 meals and sleeping bags, 12,000 personal-hygiene products, 40,000 food packages, 80,000 dinners in the canteen in Via Dandolo, with 5,200 volunteers providing 120,000 street dinners.
Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray, and Bart Scott opened their WFAN afternoon show addressing the elephant in the room: The news that Mike Francesa will probably be returning to do late afternoon drive at the station:
Even as it is apparent that they are getting demoted — morning and afternoon drive-time is when there are the most radio listeners, and their show will reportedly be moving earlier in the afternoon — they recognized that Francesa is a juggernaut and that their presence there helps the station.
Carlin and Gray kept reiterating that their show is not going anywhere, while Scott quipped that the show gets them out of the house. It would have been totally understandable if they came on the air bitter about all of the news of the last couple days and not getting a truly fair shake to replace Francesa, so they handled it about as classily as could be imagined.
English cricketers go ballistic as footballers seek glory
Aditya Joshi FOLLOW ANALYST News 1.35K // 04 Jul 2018, 12:55 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Colombia v England: Round of 16 - 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia
The English cricket team might have been comprehensively outplayed in their series opener against India last night, as the visitors romped home to an eight-wicket victory, but the loss did not deter Eoin Morgan's men from revelling in the other English side's historical win all the way east at the Spartak Stadium, Moscow.
Jos Buttler, who is already well known for posting celebratory videos ever since they revealed that glimpse of themselves after Mumbai Indian's surprise win in the 2017 IPL final, shot the English cricketers celebrating the football side's nerve-wracking win against Colombia to secure a berth in the quarterfinals.
$3 $3 $3
Locked in at 1-1 after full-time, England held their cool in the penalty shootout as Eric Dier scored the match-winning penalty to seal England's first ever win in this manner in a World Cup match. They also ended a drought more than a decade long of not getting over the line in a knockout game, 2006 being the last time they won one. They will now face Sweden in their bid to advance to the semi-finals and further their bid to finally live up to the meteoric expectations after years of disappointing results at the pinnacle stage of international football.
This year is being touted as the eventual one for England to repeat their heroics of 1966, back when they won their first and only title. So, to see the leaps and screams of ecstasy from the likes of Jason Roy, Joe Root, Alex Hales, Sam Curran, Chris Jordan, Moeen Ali and Jos Buttler as Dier nailed the deciding shot on target, before breaking out into an enthusiastic chorus of "It's coming home..," a reference to the long-awaited repeat of a global title victory for the football-crazy nation.
English cricketers' celebrations were reminiscent of similar reactions by South African cricketers that have emerged on social media every now and then, as the Proteas, even when touring, get behind their rugby side, Springboks, to back them despite often being in inconvenient time zones.
× ‘Good Deed Gone Wrong' in Schuylkill County
GIRARDVILLE — Gary Reidel says they thought their life was over.
“I don't think people comprehend what it's like laying on the ground not knowing if these people around you are going to be the last people you see,” Reidel said.
Reidel was the victim of a shooting early Sunday morning in Tamaqua. They say they want people to know the whole story.
“People need to know what really happened. This was a good deed gone wrong,” they said. “We made sure somebody made it home safe, and I get a bullet in the back for it.”
It was early Sunday morning. Reidel and their wife were drinking with friends at the Pine Street Pub in Tamaqua. Reidel says a man was asked to leave the bar because he'd had one too many, so Reidel's friend offered to drive the man home. They happened to be a neighbor.
Reidel says they went along to help, but when they reached the man's home on Orwigsburg Street, the man's son came along screaming obscenities.
“I don't know this guy from Adam. My buddy knows their father, helped them out, gave them a ride home, and I end up with a bullet in me.”
Reidel says they had no idea who the man was, but it turned out it was Charles Heffelfinger, 23, who was upset that they hadn't been offered a ride, too, after being asked to leave that same bar earlier in the night.
Reidel says they told Heffelfinger to calm down, but it didn't work.
They say Heffelfinger pulled out a gun and fired two shots, hitting Reidel in the back.
“I said to my wife, I called them right as soon as I got shot. I was laying on the ground. I said, ‘Tell my kids I love them, and I love you, too.'”
Reidel is a father of four. They have two brothers who served in the military in Afghanistan. They never imagined they would be the one shot and so close to their home.
“Over what? Giving a guy a ride home? Does that happen in today's world? I mean honestly, think about it. Does that happen in today's world? It's nuts.”
Police say Heffelfinger went inside their parent's home after the shooting, coming out later wearing boxer shorts.
 They are locked up in Schuylkill County.
As for Reidel, they are out of work and worried about what the future holds for them and their family after this weekend's shooting.
Boro v Sheffield Utd
Boro take on Sheffield Utd on Saturday 12th August, 2017, with kickoff at 17:30. This match is currently being shown LIVE on Sky Sports.
After a fairly brief spell in the big boy league, Middlesbrough are back in the ranks of the nearly-theres, also-rans and other such teams that Robbie Savage would still not have been good enough for in their prime. They are up against United today, and both of these sides are historically big enough that their fans won't want to see too many losses this term.
Obviously that is true of all fans, but Boro really should be challenging with the amount of money you get for failing in the top division these days. If not, their manager might not last long.
Boro v Sheffield Utd is LIVE on Sky Sports.
VATICAN CITY (CNS) -- Advent is a time to make a renewed commitment to prayer and to caring for others, Pope Francis said.
"It is a time to recognize the holes to be filled in our lives, to smooth the roughness of pride and make space for Jesus who is coming," the pope said Dec. 10, the second Sunday of Advent.
Before reciting the Angelus prayer with an estimated 20,000 people gathered in St. Peter's Square, Pope Francis spoke about the Sunday Mass readings and particularly about the ways in which people today could respond to the prophet Isaiah's call to prepare the way of the Lord.
Isaiah says "every valley shall be filled in" and "every mountain and hill shall be made low" in preparation for the coming of the savior.
The personal valleys or voids to be filled, the pope said, are "sins of omission," especially "the fact that we do not pray or pray seldom."
The other omission, they said, is in taking care of others. Not only does charity alleviate material needs, but it can be an occasion for the giver to be like John the Baptist in "opening paths of hope in the desert of arid hearts."
The mountains and hills that need to be laid low, they said, are "pride, haughtiness and arrogance," which fill one's heart, leaving no room for the Lord.
After the Angelus prayer, Pope Francis reminded the crowd in the square that it was the U.N. Human Rights Day and that members of the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons were about to accept the Nobel Peace Prize at a ceremony in Oslo, Norway.
The conferral of the prize on Human Rights Day "underlines the strong tie between human rights and nuclear disarmament," the pope said. "In fact, working to protect the dignity of all people, particularly the weakest and most disadvantaged, also means working with determination to build a world without nuclear weapons."
"God gives us the ability to collaborate to build our common home," they said. "We have the freedom, the intelligence and the ability to guide technology and limit our power in the service of peace and true progress."
Pope Francis also drew people's attention to the One Planet Summit, an international gathering of public and private finance experts, to discuss financial support for innovative efforts to fight climate change. The summit was scheduled for Dec. 12 in Paris.
"Two years after the adoption of the Paris Accord on climate," they said, the summit seeks to consolidate "a shared strategy for fighting the worrying phenomenon of climate change."
"I deeply hope this summit, as well as other similar initiatives, would promote a clear awareness of the need to adopt truly effective decisions to combat climate change and, at the same time, to combat poverty and promote integral human development," the pope said.
A Denver jury found fully in pop singer Taylor Swift's favor Monday, delivering a unanimous verdict in a trial over whether they were groped by a former radio host during a Denver meet-and-greet. Wanting the trial to serve as an "example to other women," the star had sought a single dollar in damages, which they were granted.
In their closing statements, Swift's lawyer Douglas Baldridge referenced the example that Swift hoped their suit could be for others in similar situations "by returning a verdict on Ms. Swift's counterclaim for a single dollar — a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation."
In their own closing arguments, David Mueller's attorney Gabriel McFarland wondered why their client would introduce themselves by name and then almost immediately after, reach under the skirt of "one of the planet's, one of the country's, the biggest superstars?"
The case was largely fought on the credibility of Swift and Mueller.
Late this past Friday, a federal judge threw out part of the case brought against Swift by Mueller, saying they had not proved Swift had set out to get them fired.
Swift countersued Mueller for sexual assault after their own suit was filed in 2015, leading to the Denver trial, which began jury selection last Monday. Swift initially had sought to keep the incident quiet.
By Friday, most of the principals in the case had been heard from — most notably Swift herself, who had several sharp rejoinders to questions from Mueller's attorney. Asked about Mueller's firing, Swift responded: "I am not going to allow your client to make me feel like it is any way my fault, because it isn't."
CHICOPEE - While one candidate for City Council in Ward 6 is promoting their youth and new ideas, their opponent said experience is needed now more than ever.
Derek Dobosz, 21, of 70 Post Road, a correctional officer for the Hampden County Sheriff's Department, is challenging Timothy McLellan, 51, of 33 Robak Drive, an administrator at the Veterans Administration at Leeds, for the seat.
"Now is a time when Ward 6 needs experienced leadership with the MGM Casino coming," said McLellan, who has served on the City Council for 10 years. "I'm a taxpayer, I'm a homeowner and I have two kids in the public schools."
Burnett Road in Ward 6 starts at the Massachusetts Turnpike exit and where Interstate-291 ends. When the MGM Casino opens in September 2018, McLellan said they expect traffic to increase.
"There will be increased development and traffic in that area," they said. "I have a special permit (requirement) in place to make sure any project they want to do is looked at by us."
In the immediate future, McLellan said they plan to continue overseeing the $11 million project that started this summer to add a second water main that runs from the Quabbin Reservoir into Chicopee. The new redundant water line runs through Ward 6 and McLellan said they will ensure roads and other areas that were torn up will be restored properly.
They also continue to work on several ordinances they began including one to ban plastic bags to improve the environment and reduce trash problems near some of the big box stores in their ward.
Dobosz said they have a wide range of issues they want to work on if elected.
Concerned about the amount of time police spend at Walmart, they said they would push for the business to hire more security to reduce calls and keep more city officers on the road.  They are also concerned about the new trash system and how it impacts families.
"I believe families should be allowed to buy a second barrel. I don't like the trash system," they said.
They said they would support a proposal from City Council candidate Joel McAuliffe to work toward having Chicopee Electric Light provide high-speed Internet to residents and businesses and would work with the School Committee to ensure the budget is balanced without cutting programs.
Dobosz said they would also work to install a crosswalk at Chicopee State Park, an issue McLellan fought for years but was told it could not be done under state highway regulations because it would not lead to a sidewalk.
"I'm just promising to respond to my constituents, their issues are my issues and I will prioritize the little issues," Dobosz said. "I don't promise anything to anybody but I will do my best to help people on an individual level."
McLellan, who also runs a business part-time, said no matter how busy they are they always does their best to help residents who call with an issue.
"I really like doing it. I always have time for all my constituents," they said. "I care about my ward, that is the only reason I do this."
Dobosz is studying for their bachelor's degree at the University of Massachusetts, is a member of the Chicopee Zoning Board of Appeals and volunteers on Lorraine's Soup Kitchen Board of Directors.
McLellan, a disabled U. S. Navy veteran, holds a bachelor's degree in business administration and finance from Western New England College.
From Center for Information Warfare Training Public Affairs
PENSACOLA, Fla. -- Sailors stationed at Naval Base Ventura County attended briefings on the benefits of Navy Credentialing Opportunities On-Line (COOL), April 13-14.
Navy COOL provides active-duty and Reserve Sailors -- whether forward deployed, underway, or ashore -- a way to map their Navy education, training, experience, and competencies to civilian credentials and occupations.
The visit was part of their tour throughout the U.S. to educate Sailors about the program. Just before stopping at Ventura County, representatives also visited Naval Air Station Lemoore.
"I hope more Sailors are able to take advantage of the program,” said Chief Navy Counselor Jeremy Garner, Naval Base Ventura County's command career counselor. “What they get out of (Navy COOL) is the same credentialing they would get on the civilian side, and they don't need to wait until they get out to start the process."
The brief included a tour of the Navy COOL website and explained the voucher submission process and credentialing eligibility requirements.
Command Master Chief Martin Laurie of Naval Base Ventura County said they hope more Sailors will start to see the benefits of Navy COOL's services.
“The program is valuable to all Sailors throughout their career,” said Laurie. “This is something Sailors can use to transition their current job skills into a civilian career when they are ready."
With 1,875 funded credentialing opportunities available, every enlisted Sailor has at least one credential they or they can earn. More than 1,500 credentialing opportunities are mapped to officer designators.
The schedule for upcoming COOL brief opportunities is available at http://www.cool.navy.mil/usn/news/briefs.htm.
For more information on Navy COOL, visit https://www.cool.navy.mil/usn or contact a Navy COOL representative at navycool@navy.mil or (850) 452-6683.
NEWS INFO Date Taken: 04.14.2017 Date Posted: 04.17.2017 15:00 Story ID: 230621 Location: VENTURA COUNTY, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Navy COOL Visits Ventura County, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
SPRINGFIELD -- City police were watching a Central Street porch in May 2017 when a woman walked up to a man there and made what looked like a drug purchase.
The woman was stopped afterward and had five bags of heroin in their sock.
Police, who had been watching the Central Street address, saw Daniel Atkins get into the back seat of a van and, as police followed, lunge toward the other side, Hampden Assistant District Attorney Katharine A. Johnston said Monday.
When the van was stopped, police found a loaded 9 mm gun with seven rounds under the rear passenger seat, they said.
Atkins, a 33-year-old father of three, pleaded guilty Monday in Hampden Superior Court to distribution of heroin, subsequent offense, and possession of a firearm with a prior violent or drug conviction.
Judge Michael Callan adopted the recommendation agreed upon by prosecution and defense and sentenced Atkins, of Chicopee, to six to eight years in state prison.
Charges of illegal possession of ammunition and possession of a firearm with a defaced serial number were dropped as part of the plea agreement for Atkins, who was represented by Daniel R. Bergin.
The number one terrorist's bodyguard has been fighting for their right to stay in the country for almost decade and now not only can they live there, but they and their family also receive an allowance as refugees.
Osama bin Laden's former bodyguard has been found among migrants in Germany, Alice Weidel, representative for the Alternative for Germany (AfD) party in the German parliament, said. According to her, Sami A. (his full name is not given) not only lives in the country with their wife and four children, who have German citizenship, but also receives an allowance of roughly 1,200 euros as a refugee. The AfD acquired the information as the result of an official request to the Nordrhein-Westfalen authorities.
READ MORE: 'New Phenomenon': Merkel Sheds Light on Arab Migrants' Anti-Semitism
Sami A. was appointed as a bodyguard for Osama bin Laden, the former al-Qaeda* leader, between 1999 and 2000. They were being fighting for the right to remain in Germany with their family from 2006 until in 2017, the German court stated that returning to their homeland may result in Sami A.'s torture and prosecution.
Osama bin Laden was the founder and leader of the notorious al-Qaeda terrorist organization, responsible for the 9/11 terror attacks. They were killed during a US operation in Pakistan in their own residence in 2011 and buried at sea.
England fans went through every kind of emotion as they watched our national football team beat Colombia on penalties last night.
Some 24-million people tuned in to watch the finale of the World Cup round of 16 match as England FINALLY won a penalty shootout.
Suspense, agony and unadulterated joy - the many stages of being an England fan captured at the XL Arena in Peterborough last night
PHOTO GALLERY: Peterborough England vs Colombia fans gallery - the emotional rollercoaster of being a football fan
Fans were put through the emotional mill though as the joy of Harry Kane's second half penalty turned to despair when Columbia equalised from a corner deep into injury time.
A nervy extra-time then gave way to a fingernail biting penalty shoot out in which England went behind following Jordan Henderson's miss.
Those nerves soon turned to joy however as Jordan Pickford saved and Eric Dier slotted home England's final penalty to send fans at the XL Arena in Peterborough and across the country into dreamland.
The city centre erupted and the streets were filled with chants of ‘England' and ‘Football's Coming Home'.
Fans will now look to England's quarter final opponents Sweden and the next match, which will also be shown at the XL Arena, 3pm on Saturday, July 7.
Across Canada, there have been 1,982 assisted deaths since it became legal
In the first half of this year alone there were 312 medically assisted deaths in B.C., according to Health Canada.
Since medically assisted dying became legal in June of last year, there have been 500 assisted deaths in the province. In the previous six months, there were 188 assisted deaths.
A Health Canada interim report released Friday stated the overall numbers nationally are consistent with international experience.
Across Canada, there have been 1,982 assisted deaths since June 2016, counting for about 0.7 per cent of all deaths nationally.
READ MORE: Death is a medical choice, but not for everyone
READ MORE: Panel finds documentation issues plague assisted dying in B.C
In B.C., cancer was the most frequent underlying medical condition in assisted deaths, cited in 64 per cent of cases, followed by neuro-degenerative conditions and circulatory or respiratory conditions.
Although the average patient was aged 73 at death, B.C. had some of the youngest patients compared to other provinces, with 24 residents under 55 at the time of death.
Moving forward, provincial laws dealing with assisted death have been clarified or expanded and other changes are likely.
“It is expected that how services are organized, delivered and monitored will continue to evolve as data becomes more available and jurisdictions are able to evaluate existing policies and service delivery models,” the report said.
With files from The Canadian Press
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Medical Assistance Dying Interim Report Sep 2017 by Ashley Wadhwani on Scribd
New Trump Order Extends 'Buy American' And 'Hire American' Rules
Enlarge this image toggle caption Aijaz Rahi/AP Aijaz Rahi/AP
President Trump is trying to put more muscle into their campaign slogan of "Buy American and Hire American" and is preparing to sign an executive order Tuesday aimed at strengthening existing government policies to support domestic products and workers.
Trump is expected to sign the order during a visit to the Snap-on tool company in Kenosha, Wis.
"The capability of the American middle class to make things and keep them running has been at the base of our nation's strength since its founding," Snap-on CEO Nicholas T. Pinchuk said in a statement. "We believe the President's visit emphasizes the need to nurture such manufacturing strength."
The "Buy American" portion of the executive order calls for stricter enforcement of laws requiring the federal government to buy American-made products when possible. Administration officials complain that those laws have been watered down over the years and often are sidestepped with government waivers.
"Buy American" provisions also may run afoul of free trade agreements, though the White House wants to conduct a full review before seeking adjustments to those trade agreements.
The "Hire American" part of the order aims to crack down on what the administration calls "abuses" of government guest-worker programs. The biggest target is the H-1B visa program, which is designed to help technology firms fill jobs requiring special skills but which critics say often is used to replace American workers with lower-paid foreign competitors.
"The H-1B visa program is commonly discussed as being for when employers have a labor shortage," said Daniel Costa, director of immigration law and policy research at the Economic Policy Institute. "The reality of it is that employers are not required to recruit and try to hire U.S. workers before they hire an H-1B worker."
The government issues 85,000 H-1B visas annually. In recent years, many of those visas have been snapped up by outsourcing firms that offer low-cost IT support to American corporations.
"A very big share of the visas are actually going to IT outsourcing companies," Costa said. "We do know that many of the companies that have this business model are the ones that are paying the lowest wages to H-1Bs."
The executive order calls on the departments of Commerce, Labor, Homeland Security and State to more strictly police the visa program. It also proposes changes, such as awarding H-1B visas to guest workers with the best skills and highest potential wages, rather than through a random lottery as is done now.
"The latest data that I've seen showed that 80 percent of the H-1Bs who were coming in came in below the local average wage," Costa said.
Some of the changes the White House wants would require cooperation from lawmakers.
"There are some things that the Trump administration could do at the margins that might help clean up some of the worst abuses in the program," Costa said, but "legislation is going to be required to really fix the program."
Although H-1Bs are the main focus of the order, other guest worker programs could also come under scrutiny.
The president themselves has relied on guest workers with a different kind of visa — H-2B — to help staff their Mar-a-Lago resort, according to the Palm Beach Post. During the campaign Trump defended their use of foreign workers, saying it's difficult to find Americans willing to accept seasonal employment.
'Junior MSD' Sanush Suryadev - Meet Asia's youngest cricketer
Sanush with their parents and idol MS Dhoni when they won the youngest cricketer in India award
A two and a half-year-old kid from Chennai, Sanush Suryadev, has created history as they got into the Asia book of records for becoming the youngest child professional cricketer. Earlier, they also entered the India book of records as the youngest child cricketer in India.
According to their parents, they first spotted them play cricket like a professional cricketer in a park just ten days after they turned one. Since then, they kept motivating them to play cricket. Their father also explained how Sanush got the award of Asia's youngest professional cricketer. The India book of records and Asia book of records have their own panel in identifying kids of this age group who play cricket or football or any other sports and recognise their potential.
Sanush is a left-handed batsman and bowls left-arm.  They are also a big fan of former India captain MS Dhoni and they got a chance to meet the Indian stumper, who was very impressed with their playing skills. Among their family and friends, Sanush is also called "junior MSD."
When asked about their favourite cricketer, Sanush said that they are a big fan of Dhoni and also recalled their encounter with the legend themselves where they praised the kid by saying "you play very well".
This is what their parents had to say about the wonder kid.
Murugan (father):  They are the world's youngest cricket player. They have been playing cricket since they turned one. What's special about my son is that they play like a professional cricketer. They play straight drive, cover drive and can also come down the track and hit the ball.  They are very good at cricket and I am very happy to encourage and support them in this.
Subatra (mother): My son started playing cricket just te days after turning one. By chance, we saw them play cricket in a park and they were playing like a professional cricketer. From there on, I and my husband started motivating him. Once it happened, they started playing really well. Sanush also got a chance to meet Dhoni sir and they were very happy with the way Sanush was playing and encouraged him. As a parent, I request everybody to let their children follow their own wish and encourage them.
By Brandi Makuski
Tuesday's City Plan Commission will feature a presentation summarizing goals achieved during the first year of the Stevens Point Bicycle and Pedestrian Advisory Committee (BPAC).
The committee, comprised of five mayoral citizen-appointees, was created by Mayor Mike Wiza shortly after they were elected in 2015 — largely, they said, because they “doesn't know much about bicycling, and it's an important part of this community.”
Although Wiza said BPAC is “advisory only to the Plan Commission”, the committee has already made a splash among bike enthusiasts in the area.
The committee kicked off 2016 by applying for a federal grant to fund painting about 14 miles of bike lanes throughout the city. Then, in March, the group held its first public workshop and bike show.
In April, the group hosted a specialist from the League of American Bicyclists, Steve Clark, who participated in a bike ride with members of the committee, as well as City Attorney Andrew Beveridge and Mayor Mike Wiza, to determine the city's shot at reaching silver status as a Bicycle Friendly Community. The city was first included on the “Bicycle Friendly” list with a bronze recognition in 2013.
Over the summer, the committee began discussion on implementing a city-wide bike share program, and working with UWSP to create a brochure on bicycle licensing and other information. By June, the city had adopted an abandoned bicycle ordinance the committee proposed late last year.
In Aug., the group worked with a UWSP art student to create a “Walk your Wheels” stencil, which was painted on downtown sidewalks to remind cyclists they should walk their bikes in the area, which is close quarters for both pedestrians and motorists. The project was funded by the Association of Downtown Businesses.
In Sept., the group announced the city had won a federal grant totaling almost $488K to paint about 14 miles of bike lanes, with the city being responsible for 20 percent of the costs. Later that month, the group conducted what it called “the first Stevens Point only [sic] Bike/Pedestrian count”, which counted bicyclists and pedestrians during two-hour periods on two separate dates, conducted largely at intersections near the university, the Downtown District and Division Street. Other locations counted included Main and Water streets.
No count was conducted at Minnesota Ave. and Stanley St., even though some of the committee's members have for months been holding public meetings to gain support for re-striping Stanley to improve safety.
The Plan Commission meets at 6 PM on Jan. 3 inside Conference rooms 1 and 2 of the Portage Co. Annex, 1462 Strongs Avenue. The public is welcome to attend.
PKL: 6 players cross Rs 1-crore mark; Goyat fetches Rs 1.51 cr
(Eds: Updating with details)
Mumbai, May 30 (PTI) Six players created history by crossing the Rs one crore mark on day 1 of Pro Kabaddi League auction today, which began here with Monu Goyat getting the highest bid of Rs 1.51 crore from Haryana Steelers.
Goyat went to Haryana Steelers after an intense round of bidding.
Iran's Fazel Atrachali became the first player in PKL history to cross the Rs one crore mark as they were fetched by U Mumba.
Deepak Hooda became the first Indian player in PKL's history to join the `crorepati' club after Jaipur Pink Panthers bought them for a whopping Rs 1.15 crore.
Rahul Chaudhari emerged as the second highest bid player, bid by Delhi, but was retained by Telegu Titans through the `Final Bid Match' for Rs 1.29 crore.
Nitin Tomar (1.15 crore by Puneri Paltans) and Rishank Devadiga (1.11 crore by UP Yodha) also crossed the Rs one-crore in mark today's auction.
"I am extremely happy to be the highest paid player this season, there is a huge responsibility to deliver and I am glad to receive this opportunity.
"I will now focus on increasing the standard of my game and playing the best I can," Goyat was quoted as saying in a media release.
Rahul Chaudhari expressed happiness for being retained by Telugu Titans.
"I am glad to be back to Telugu Titans. I have started my training and am I looking forward to this season. It is a growing period for kabaddi and I think by the time the younger generation steps into the auctions, the bid may start at 6-7 crores. Kabaddi is only going to grow," said Chaudhari.
Atrachali said they were very happy to be back to their "second home", U Mumba.
"I have immense respect for the U- Mumba team because it is where it all began for me. The fact that I beat the record for the highest bid in Pro Kabaddi is truly an incredible feeling," they said.
The auction will continue tomorrow, the final day.
Top 5 Indian Players who were bid today:
Monu Goyat Rs 1.51 crore (Haryana Steelers); Rahul Chaudhari Rs 1.29 crore (Telgu Titans); Deepak Hooda
Rs 1.15 crore (Jaipur Pink Panthers); Nitin Tomar Rs 1.15 crore (Puneri Paltan); Rishank Devadiga Rs 1.11 crore (UP Yodha).
Top foreign player: Fazel Atrachali Rs 1 crore (U Mumba)
US President Donald Trump vehemently denies any collusion between themselves or any of their associates and Russia. Photo: Reuters
Washington: The special counsel overseeing the probe into Russia's alleged meddling in the US election is looking at whether President Donald Trump tried to obstruct justice, The Washington Post reported Wednesday, citing unnamed officials.
In a pivotal shift in the investigation that has riveted Americans like no other in decades, senior intelligence officials have agreed to be interviewed by investigators working for the special counsel, Robert Mueller, the Post said.
It quoted five people briefed on the requests and said those who have agreed to be interviewed are Daniel Coats, the director of national intelligence, Admiral Mike Rogers, head of the National Security Agency, and their recently departed deputy, Richard Ledgett.
The interviews could come as early as this week, the Post said. The newspaper's story was met with a furious reaction from Trump's personal lawyer and the Republican National Committee. The shift toward investigating the US president began days after Trump fired James Comey as FBI director on 9 May, the Post said.
The stated focus has been Russia's alleged efforts to tilt last November's presidential election Trump's way, and whether the winner's campaign was involved in any way. Trump vehemently denies any collusion between themselves or any of their associates and Russia.
Mueller, themselves a widely respected former head of the FBI, has now taken up the angle of possible efforts by Trump to obstruct justice in the investigation, the Post said.
Quoting officials, the newspaper said one event of interest to Mueller is an exchange on 22 March, when Coats told associates that Trump had asked them to intervene with Comey to get them to back off the focus on Trump's former national security advisor Mike Flynn as part of the FBI probe of the Russia affair.
A few days after the March 22 meeting, Trump spoke separately with Coats and Rogers and asked them to issue public statements to the effect that there was no evidence of coordination between their campaign and Russia. The Post said both men refused the president's request.
Trump's personal lawyer Marc Kasowitz issued a statement saying the FBI was behind the Post story and called the leak “outrageous, inexcusable and illegal.” The lawyer did not deny the story, however.
Mueller briefed Senators Wednesday on their work. “I'm going to acknowledge we had a meeting with the special counsel Mueller, but I'm not going to get into the contents,” Mark Warner, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee, told reporters later.
Republican National Committee chairperson Ronna McDaniel called the accusation in the Post unfounded and said it “changes nothing.”
“There's still no evidence of obstruction, and current and former leaders in the intelligence community have repeatedly said there's been no effort to impede the investigation in any way. The continued illegal leaks are the only crime here,” McDaniel said in a statement.
Saudi Arabia: The White House Loves It. Most Americans? Not So Much
Enlarge this image toggle caption Dan Kitwood/AP Dan Kitwood/AP
With Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman embarking on a nearly three-week road show across the United States, they will have one major hurdle: Americans don't like their country very much.
Despite a 75-year economic and military alliance with Saudi Arabia and regular royal visits, 55 percent of Americans have an unfavorable view of the kingdom, according to a Gallup poll in February.
Even longtime U.S. adversaries like China and Cuba have scored more favorably.
Crown Prince Mohammed is expected to be welcomed as a reformer when President Trump greets them at the White House on Tuesday. The 32-year-old prince recently expanded women's rights. This summer the kingdom lifts its ban on women driving. Women are also allowed to enter the military for the first time and can attend sporting and cultural events.
He's reined in the religious police who enforced strict rules of public behavior. Public cinemas will be licenses for the first time in decades.
But he's also raised concerns with brazen power moves that include detaining more than 300 business people, former ministers and high-ranking royals in a five-star hotel in the capital Riyadh. The Gulf nation's leaders described the wave of arrests in November 2017 as an anti-corruption purge, but for many international investors, it seemed more like a shakedown, as wealthy Saudi business people were pressured to negotiate secret settlements and hand over billions to get released or face public trials and personal ruin.
Crown Prince Mohammed has a backer in the White House. President Trump tweeted their approval of the anti-corruption campaign within hours of the arrests in Riyadh.
"I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia, they know exactly what they are doing...." the president tweeted.
After the White House visit, the crown prince's schedule includes meetings in Silicon Valley, in Los Angeles with entertainment executives, oil industry leaders in Houston, captains of finance in New York and high-profile media interviews along the way.
The busy itinerary appears to be a charm offensive to reset American public opinion and woo U.S. investors. Saudi Arabia has a story to sell: a young, dynamic crown prince who claims to be dramatically reforming the kingdom. They will tell a skeptical American business community that Saudi Arabia is safe for investments and even open for tourism for the first time.
The Saudi and U.S. economies are significantly linked by "investment ties, energy markets, and a shared interest in the stability of the global economy," writes Karen Young, a resident scholar at Arab Gulf States Institute in Washington. For one, Saudi Arabia is the biggest international buyer of U.S. weapons.
It will be an uphill battle, says Frank Wisner, a retired U.S. diplomat and business person.
"It's not an easy country to like," Wisner says. "The American mind simply rebels at the way Saudi women are treated, the way they execute criminals, the enforced religious doctrine," they say.
There are other issues that follow the prince to the United States. Members of Congress are urging the U.S. to stop supporting the Saudi war in Yemen, which has triggered a humanitarian crisis in the country.
For all the claims of reform, the prince hasn't talked about free speech or elected leadership. Dissident clerics and critics of the latest reforms have been jailed.
But the issues that color American public opinion come closer to home.
"It goes back to the 1980s, they [the Saudis] were perceived using their oil wealth to rip off Americans," explains Gerald Feierstein, director of Gulf affairs at the Middle East Institute in Washington and a former ambassador to Yemen.
"I see from the coverage that Saudi Arabia is a country that many liberal Americans ... [and] many liberal Westerners love to hate." says Bernard Haykel, professor of Near Eastern studies at Princeton University.
There have been serious low points in the relationship, like when Saudi Arabia imposed an oil embargo against the United states in the 1970s in retaliation for America's military support for Israel. More recently, last December, Saudi King Salman bin Abdul-Aziz Al Saud condemned President Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Worst of all for some Americans, the Sept. 11 attacks still cast a long shadow over Saudi Arabia because 15 of the 19 hijackers were Saudi nationals.
"There are still lots of people who look at the Saudis and think 9/11," says F. Gregory Gause, a professor of international affairs at Texas A&M. "Either they were behind it, for which there is no evidence, or they created the conditions."
For a long time there have been two things you could count on in relations between the United States and Saudi Arabia.
The country has been favored by American Presidents.
But it's unpopular with the American people.
"The White House is always friends with Saudi Arabia. It's largely because the things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places." Says Gause.
"The things that the Saudis do that are good for American foreign policy are seen in the White House and very few other places. The Saudis just do things quietly," says Gause.
The Trump administration is rolling out the red carpet and cranking up the pomp for Crown Prince Mohammed.
It's payback for the Saudi royal welcome Trump received on their first foreign outing as president last summer. But this Saudi royal charm offensive has to reach out to a wider audience.
Crown Prince Mohammed's trip to American financial centers is part of their effort to woo Western investors to avert an economic disaster at home. Since oil prices collapsed in 2014, the Saudis are burning through billions in foreign reserves just to make ends meet. The government provides a generous system of entitlements to Saudi citizens that can only be maintained at ever-higher oil prices. It's an unsustainable a hurry, says Haykel.
"He has a short amount of time to change the economy or the country is headed for disaster," they say, adding that the crown prince has driven a Tesla, an electric car predicted to one day undermine the oil economy.
There are many hurdles ahead as Crown Prince Mohammed tries to deliver on their revolutionary agenda to transform their country at warp speed. It's also too soon to tell if he's simply rebranding Saudi Arabia or leading a reboot of the conservative kingdom.
"He's a different leader from everything that has come in the last 50 years. They have a vision," says Haykel. "He's young and charismatic," but Haykel adds that there is a downside to the breathtaking changes.
"People have pinned huge hopes on their ability to actually change the economy and reform society. Those hopes are very dangerous."
"He is certainly going to change Saudi Arabia," says Norman Roule, a retired intelligence officer who served with the CIA in the Middle East. "The Saudis are superb allies and we have to support them in this journey," Roule says, explaining they believe there is no room for failure for a country that is a key to Middle East stability.
Backers of a close U.S.-Saudi relationship note that Riyadh has been a strong strategic partner for decades thanks to oil and regional politics. Saudi Arabia serves as counter-balance to Iran and the Saudis have helped the U.S. battle extremism. The U.S. needs Saudi assistance in a battle of ideas against al-Qaida and ISIS, says Gause: "Liberal democracies are not going to talk them out of what they are doing. The Saudis can rebut them with their own language."
"If the Saudis don't succeed, what does it mean for the region?" asks Roule. They believe Saudi Arabia is too big to fail. "To me the answer is clear. We have to do everything we can to support him."
Despite the variety of restaurants in our region there aren't many places to enjoy a full service Mexican meal. Luckily, Cambridge's Latinoamerica Unida expanded into Waterloo in March of this year and opened The Cactus.
We visited the restaurant on a Wednesday in late September and although it was quiet when we arrived, it was busy by the time we left. As we came in there were several tables available so we were invited to sit wherever we chose.
There are booths along one wall of the room, with several tables in the middle and along the other side wall. The tables are unadorned, and the restaurant is sparingly decorated with tiles, multiple colours of paint, and large cacti painted on one wall. The bar at the back of the room is attractively adorned with decorative tiles and lighting.
The server who brought our menus to the table acted as host, server, bartender, and at times appeared to be helping out in the kitchen. As I discovered later, they are co-owner of the restaurants along with their wife. Given the number of people who began arriving, both for dining in and takeout, they could definitely use some help out front.
We were not given a drinks menu so ordered our beverages using a question and answer process. My husband decided on a bottle of Mexican beer ($5.99), I chose an organic Sauvignon Blanc ($6.99 for 8 oz.) and my daughter ordered a large soft drink ($2.50). I later noticed other diners were enjoying margaritas, and I would definitely try one if I returned.
The food menu includes several appetizers, along with a good variety of burritos, tacos, and "Traditional Plates" which include enchiladas and chimichangas. The listed items are accompanied by detailed descriptions which were helpful as we didn't have much opportunity to ask questions.
For appetizers, we chose two dips to share: the Guacamole ($8.99) and the Frijoles Refrito con Queso ($7.99). They arrived very quickly after we ordered and were large enough for the three of us to share, with some left over.
The guacamole was creamy and fresh, sprinkled with chopped fresh tomatoes and onions. The frijoles consisted of refried beans, spices and cheese baked and served hot, with plenty of nacho chips for dipping. Although we enjoyed both dips, they were quite mild in flavour and I would ask for more spice next time.
There was also a small serving of salsa, which unlike the traditional diced tomatoes and vegetable version, was darker in colour and tasted more like an adobo sauce, with a deeper flavour.
My daughter's main dish was the Gringas with chicken ($10.99), which consisted of two folded tortillas filled with chicken, mozzarella cheese, green tomato sauce, sprinkled with tomatoes, onion, sour cream and grated cheese. They said it was good and they liked that it wasn't too spicy.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There was a time when the Spice Girls were EVERYTHING - and everywhere!
The girl group dominated the music world from the moment they released their first single, Wannabe, back in 1996, two years after they'd formed.
Under the guidance of their mentor and manager Simon Fuller, the girls took over the world with their infectious pop hits and colourful characters.
Between the merchandise, dolls, and movie Spiceworld - the girls were unstoppable and reportedly earned up to $75 million a year.
(Image: Hulton Archive)
(Image: emmaleebunton/Instagram)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They had the world at their feet until their split in 2000 - and even then, the fivesome were a force to be reckoned with.
Spice Girls reformed briefly in 2007 for a reunion tour, and again in 2012 to perform at the closing ceremony of the London 2012 Olympics.
And this latest reunion - if it really happens - could see them earn a whopping £10 million each.
Rumours of a reunion are bigger than ever after all five members joined together today for the first time in years, meeting up with their manager Simon at Geri's North London home.
But what have they been doing since? And how much money have they made?
Victoria Beckham
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Internet Unknown)
Posh Spice Victoria has enjoyed massive success since their days in the group.
Born Victoria Adams, they married footballer David Beckham in 1999.
After the Spice Girls split, they were signed by Virgin Records and had four top 10 UK singles, with their first, Out Of Your Mind, going to number two.
The 43-year-old has built an empire as a fashion designer and following a number of high-profile collaborations with other brands, they launched their own label in 2008.
(Image: Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Victoria, who has four children - Brooklyn, Romeo, Cruz and Harper - with David, is believed to have a net worth of around £200 million.
The Beckham family is believed to be worth £508 million.
Geri Horner
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
(Image: Instagram)
Ginger Spice Geri Horner, formerly named Halliwell, was the first to leave the Spice Girls, quitting the band in 1998.
In 1999, they launched a solo career and released their debut album, Schizophonic, which brought their three number one singles with Mi Chico Latino, Life Me Up and Bag It Up.
In 2001, their second album Scream If You Want To Go Faster, brought them the biggest hit of their career in the form of single It's Raining Men.
Geri, 45, became a judge on Australia's Got Talent in 2013 and announced she'd return to music after a few years away.
She's also enjoyed success as a children's author and has guest presented This Morning, as well as appearing on its cooking segment.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They now hosts new BBC entertainment show All Together Now on Saturday nights.
Geri welcomed daughter Bluebell in 2006 with their then-partner Sacha Gervasi.
 They are now married to Christian Horner, team principal of the Red Bull Racing Formula One team, and they welcomed baby son Montague in 2017.
Geri is believed to be worth around £30 million.
Mel C
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Melanie Chisholm, aka Sporty Spice, went on to have a successful solo career after Spice Girls split.
They launched their own career in 1998 by releasing a duet, When You're Gone, with Bryan Adams.
And after that, they went into musical theatre and has appeared in a number of shows.
They made their debut in 2009 as Mrs Johnstone in musical Blood Brothers.
She's also appeared as Mary Magdalene in Jesus Christ Superstar.
Mel also got a TV talent show job, working as a mentor assistant on The X Factor Australia alongside former bandmate Mel B.
(Image: PA)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They were also a judge on Asia's Got Talent.
Mel has been praised for their openness about their experiences with clinical depression and an eating disorder.
After a few brief romances, Mel started dating property developer Thomas Starr in 2002 and they had a daughter, Scarlet nine years later.
They split in 2012.
The 44-year-old is believed to be worth around £27 million.
Mel B
(Image: Getty)
(Image: officialmelb/Instagram)
Scary Spice Melanie Brown has been in the media a lot lately thanks to their messy divorce from husband Stephen Belafonte.
The singer, 42, launched their solo career with a collaboration with Missy Elliott, I Want You Back, before releasing their debut album Hot in 2000.
After that, Mel turned their attentions to a number of non-singing projects, taking on presenting jobs on shows like This Is My Moment, Top of the Pops and Party in the Park.
And in 2007, they were a contestant on American reality show Dancing with the Stars, coming in second place with partner Maksim Chmerkovskiy.
They later became a judge on the Australian version of X Factor in 2011, after acting as a celebrity mentor the year before.
She's also appeared on the UK version as a temporary replacement for Kelly Rowland and Nicole Scherzinger.
Mel took on a full time role on the show for the 2014 series.
(Image: Getty)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
During that tie, they became a co-host of Dancing with the Stars Australia and replaced Sharon Osbourne on the America's Got Talent judging panel.
The same year, they were a coach on The Voice Kids in Australia too.
Mel has also starred on Broadway as Roxie Hart in musical Chicago.
Mel married dancer Jimmy Gulzar in 1998, and they have a daughter Phoenix. The couple divorced in 2000.
They later dated actor Eddie Murphy and they had a daughter, Angel, together in 2007. They had already ended their relationship by the time they were born.
They began dating Belafonte the same year and they secretly married just months later.
They have a daughter, Madison.
Mel is thought to be worth £23 million.
Emma Bunton
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty)
Baby Spice Emma also launched a solo career after their time in the Spice Girls.
Them debut album A Girl Like Me was released in 2001.
They also tried their hand at acting, having a recurring role on Absolutely Fabulous from 2003 to 2012.
The 42-year-old has also been a judge on Dancing On Ice and entertainment series Your Face Sounds Familiar.
She's also the voice of Muhimu in the UK version of Disney Junior's The Lion Guard.
They also went on to become a radio presenter for Heart Breakfast in 2009.
(Image: Rex Features)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
As well as that, Emma has appeared in ads for Tesco, had a cameo on Neighbours and appeared on The X Factor to help judge Dannii Minogue pick them acts.
She's also been a panelist on Loose Women, appeared in Coronation Street and made a cameo in Keith Lemon: The Film.
Emma had a child, Beau, in 2007 with partner Jade Jones, whom they were on and off with before settled down for good in 2004.
They had another child, Tate, in 2011.
Emma is thought to be worth around £21 million.
The Billion brand is Sachin Bansal's big project after they were forced to cede the CEO role to Flipkart co-founder Binny Bansal in January 2016. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint
Bengaluru: Flipkart co-founder and executive chairperson Sachin Bansal loves the word “billion”—the company's flagship sale event Big Billion Days is a reference to their hope of selling products to a billion Indians or more at some point.
Now, Bansal is building a budget brand called Billion across categories such as electronics, appliances and accessories to attract new shoppers to Flipkart, three people familiar with the matter said. Flipkart may also offer a low-priced smartphone under the Billion brand to compete with the likes of Xiaomi and Micromax, the people said on condition of anonymity.
Flipkart has already launched mixers, backpacks and a few other products under the Billion brand.
A Billion is Bansal's big project after they were forced to cede the CEO role to Flipkart co-founder Binny Bansal in January 2016 after a disastrous year in which the company lost ground to arch-rival Amazon India (Amazon Seller Services Pvt. Ltd). One year later, Binny themselves was replaced by Kalyan Krishnamurthy, a representative of Flipkart's largest investor Tiger Global Management.
“The brand is aimed at Middle India. You need a different set of products for customers in smaller cities and towns and that's what Billion will do,” one of the people cited above said.
Flipkart declined to comment.
E-commerce companies have been struggling to attract new users over the past 18 months. It has become clear now that e-commerce firms and investors overestimated the spending power of most Indians and, in turn, the potential of India's $14-15 billion online retail market, which barely grew last year.
Bansal's attempt at building the Billion brand is one of Flipkart's supplementary bets. But for the 35-year-old entrepreneur, the project is their first big test since they lost the CEO position. Bansal has built their own team, mostly comprising young managers outside of Flipkart's core organization, the people cited above said.
A Billion is also part of Flipkart's efforts to increase sales of private label products, which offer higher margins to online retailers than those sold by third-party brands.
While Flipkart raised as much as $1.4 billion in fresh funds in April, the company needs to control its spending as it tries to cut losses and prove that it can build a profitable business. The online retailer has slashed its marketing spending since the start of 2016 and plans to keep it at low levels. That means it's more likely that a new online shopper will end up first at rival Amazon India, a risk Flipkart believes it will negate by offering exclusive products, among other things.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Life might look tough inside the Big Brother house - being trapped inside 24 hours per day, no contact with the outside world, and only the most basic tasks to keep you occupied.
But over on Celebrity Big Brother , it is a whole other story - with stars being treated to spray tans, make-overs, and preferential treatment.
Claims of different special privileges and treatment surface every year.
So what are the latest insider secrets from the reality show?
Dozens of cameras in every room and behind every mirror capture every minute of every day - but just in the normal version apparently.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Channel 5)
According to OK magazine, the celebrity version leave cameras out of the bathroom to that the celeb housemates can do their business in peace.
It's also a secret snogging escape - as used by Sarah Harding and Chad Johnson last series.
It's also said that production staff on the show use secret codes so they can discreetly discuss what's going on with the housemates without anyone overhearing.
A source told the Daily Star : "To avoid causing unnecessary panic the codes are used to keep discretion at all times.
"They use code Zebra when someone is determined to leave the house and are ranting in the Diary Room."
Last year, two-time CBB contestant (and one time civilian VIP guest) Nicola McLean revealed there are many perks to being a star inside the house.
The loud-mouthed 35-year-old glamour model blabbed all about CBB's biggest secrets in an interview.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Rex Features)
Nicola appeared in CBB in 2012 and returned for the Stars v New Stars version at the start of this last year.
And they threw everyone under the bus in their interview - while also destroying the illusion that the celebs suffer while locked in the house.
“I've been told Katie Price got a blow-dry a few times a week, and Patsy Kensit got blow-dries and spray tans,” they told Heat Magazine.
"Spencer Pratt got special cotton sheets, and insisted on them and Heidi being served food before the rest of us, so that no one else touched it,” they explained.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Rex)
And the special treatment didn't stop there - as they also explained that Chloe Ferry was allowed to completely leave the CBB house to go and film scenes of MTV reality show Geordie Shore.
“Chloe got to leave because she'd already committed to filming Geordie Shore,” Nicola said.
“I must admit, after a couple of glasses, a few of us were fuming because, regardless if you tell us you're not getting anything from the outside world, you are,” they grumbled.
(Image: Channel 5)
(Image: Rex Features)
Nicola also explained that the Celebrity Big Brother house had a plentiful supply of alcohol - but that the drinks on civilian Big Brother were less effective (saying that's why they were ‘boring' during their VIP appearance on the show earlier this summer).
They also revealed tasks are done late at night to prevent housemates going to bed early - and anyone caught napping in the day time would be yelled at by Big Brother over the intercom until they got up.
Mirror Online has contacted Channel 5 for comment.
* CBB airs nightly on Channel 5
Deshhit: Delhi Doctor performs leg surgery on patient with head injury
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Delhi Doctor performs leg surgery on patient with head injury. Watch this video for more information.
Mike Allen: “Trump advisers and allies are floating the idea of replacing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, age 53 — someone who's already around the table in the Situation Room, and could make the switch without chaos.”
“We're told that Trump is quite comfortable with Pompeo, asking their advice on topics from immigration to the inner workings of Congress. Pompeo personally delivers the President's Daily Brief, making them one of the few people Trump spends a great deal of time with on a daily basis.”
“Sources tell us Trump recognizes that a Cabinet shuffle would bring bad press. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly wants stability, and so is discouraging high-level departures before next year. And yet, insiders say Trump's relationship with Tillerson is broken beyond repair.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bristol City are set to secure the signing of Sheffield Wednesday right-back Jack Hunt.
Lee Johnson sent Zak Vyner out on loan to Rotherham United earlier in the week while Aden Flint left the club in a £7m deal to join Championship rivals Middlesbrough.
The Robins boss is now expected to bring in another option on the right-side of defence with Hunt on the brink of joining the club.
It's understood the defender is in Bristol to undergo a medical this evening after a fee of around £1.5m was agreed between the two clubs.  They are now due to be announced by the club on Thursday.
Attacking defender Hunt started their career at Huddersfield Town and they made 121 appearances for their hometown club before heading to Crystal Palace in September 2013.
However, an ankle injury disrupted their time at Selhurst Park and they spent time out on loan at Barnsley, Nottingham Forest, and Rotherham United.
They made the switch to Wednesday in in July 2015 and they have featured 96 times for the Owls. Hunt made 34 appearances last season despite their campaign being hampered by injury.
Their contract at Hillsborough was due to expire next summer and Bristol City appear to have swooped for them in a bargain deal as Johnson continues their recruitment drive.
New Delhi: Amid growing air traffic, India would need to treble its airports capacity (terminal building capacity) at an estimated capital expenditure (CapEx) of Rs. 2.4 lakh crore in the next ten years, much higher than around Rs. 52,000 crore incurred over the last decade, credit-rating body ICRA opined.
The airports infrastructure sector in India is increasingly getting constrained by the strong growth in traffic since FY2014. During the period, FY2014 to FY2017, the passenger traffic has grown by 57 percent, while the aircraft traffic has grown by 33 percent, compared to moderate capacity addition.
As of now, CapEx plans to the tune of Rs. 65,000 crore have been finalised by the Airports Authority of India (AAI) (Rs. 17,500 crore for next five years) and by private operators (around Rs. 22,000 crore for brown field expansion in Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Bangalore; and around Rs. 21,000 crore for Greenfield airports).
However, CapEx plans need to be ramped up significantly to build capacities for the anticipated level of passenger traffic, and apart from expediting execution, identifying funding sources would be important for the sector."In the past, apart from traditional debt and equity, other means that have been used to fund CapEx in the airport sector have included deposits from real estate and long term concessionaires, and debt backed by securitisation of a specific levy - airport development fee (ADF). Going forward, as the magnitude of CapEx increase significantly, the funding may see greater diversification with exploration of sources such as -
a) Bonds backed by securitisation of User Development Fee (UDF) receivables;
b) public listing of airports including structuring as investment trusts;
c) greater funding from state governments;
d) Private equity," said Harsh Jagnani, VP and Sector Head - Corporate Ratings, ICRA.
With moderate CapEx over the last few years and healthy cash flow generations, the leverage profile of the airport sector is comfortable, with total debt at around Rs. 19,000 crore.
Out of this, 63 percent is funded by Indian banks/financial institutions and 28 percent is funded by foreign currency bonds. Also, AAI has mostly used internal accruals to fund CapEx in the past.
But the situation is likely to change going forward with higher requirement of non-equity funding.As per ICRA estimates, AAI`s existing financial position gives it the capability to raise debt to the tune of around Rs. 20,000 crore.
But given that the scale of investments required is much higher, its balance sheet may need to be recapitalised.
Further, the sector would require greater participation from the private players.AAI can explore a model wherein it raises upfront funds by leasing some of the existing revenue generating airports to private concessionaires for a fixed concession period and deploying the funds so raised to meet its development plans.
However, greater involvement of private sector in airports would be possible mainly for airports with long track record of operations; greater certainty of traffic; and where the issue of managing the existing employee base can be addressed.
"The private players` participation in the sector had slowed down after the initial burst of 2004-2006 when Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad airports were privatised.
Some of the major concerns which hampered private participation included regulatory uncertainties, restricted capacity of major infrastructure players given their liquidity constraints, funding constraints of the banking sector, and concerns regarding absorption of AAI`s sizeable employee base in case of Brownfield airport privatization," said Jagnani."Nevertheless, many of these issues are progressively getting resolved, which along with the success of earlier privatised airports, is leading to the revival of private participation, as highlighted by recent concessions of airports in Navi Mumbai (Maharashtra) and Mopa (Goa)," they added.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It used to be the place petty criminals were sentenced to fines or prison but has itself been condemned to a sorry state.
The old magistrates court in Bridewell Street has sat empty for so long that even its successor - the concrete tower block on nearby Nelson Street - held its last case 10 years ago, and has itself been replaced by the current court building in Marlborough Street.
The old court was first built in 1879 by Josiah Thomas, and later extended to operate as a criminal court.
It operated until 1975, when it was replaced by the multi-storey building on the corner of Rupert Street, Christmas Street and Nelson Street.
The original Victorian cells are still in place, as well as four courtrooms, with ornate ceilings.
Once the busiest court in the city, it is now a shadow of its former self, since it was emptied all those years ago. Most of the courtrooms have fallen into disrepair, while the cells have a ghostly air.
Now a charity is taking firm footsteps to change transform part of the building.
Creative Youth Network, based at the Station around the corner in Silver Street, has been given £300,000 from the Heritage Lottery Fund to develop designs and visions for an enterprise hub for young people over the next 18 months.
If it is successful with its designs, it will receive £4.5 million towards the £6.5m cost of refurbishing the derelict building.
It will be matched by £100,000 from the Bristol City Council Neighbourhood Partnership.
In time, it will have spaces for enterprise workshops, mentoring and support.
Sandy Hore-Ruthven, CEO of Creative Youth Network said: “We're delighted that we've received this support, thanks to the Heritage Lottery Fund.
“The youth enterprise centre will revitalise the Old Magistrates Courts as a vibrant space for young people and the wider community.
“It's great to know that we are a step closer to preserving it for future generations.”
Clive Stevens, chairperson of the Neighbourhood Partnership at the council said: “The creative sector is one of Bristol's many strengths.
“We are so pleased to see that the grant we awarded is going to lever so much more money from Heritage Lottery and help disadvantaged young people start what could be a great career opportunity and one day maybe one of them will start up something like their own Aardman.”
Councillor Asher Craig, Deputy Mayor of Bristol, said: “Building an environment where young people from poor or disadvantaged backgrounds have access to opportunities to develop is critical to tackling inequality.
"I welcome Creative Youth Network's imaginative proposal for the future use of the Old Magistrates Court.
"This project is an example of the type of action needed if we are to connect the benefits of a booming cultural scene to communities, particularly young people, and develop a city where everyone's experience is one of hope and ambition.”
Consultations with young people and the local community will take place over the coming months to ensure the building meets the needs of the young community.
The South Korean Coast Guard has rescued a North Korean boat with five crewmen on board adrift in the East Sea earlier this week, the unification ministry said Wednesday.
The ministry said North Korea will be contacted later in the day to arrange the return of the crew.
Jeong Joon-hee, spokesperson at the Ministry of Unification speaks in a press briefing. (Yonhap)
A Coast Guard patrol vessel rescued the North Korean boat in waters off South Korea's east coast early Monday, Jeong Joon-hee, spokesperson at the Ministry of Unification said in a press briefing.An investigation found that the North Korean vessel drifted after experiencing engine problems, the spokesperson said.In accordance with the rescued crewmen's wish to return home, the government will talk to North Korean authorities through the Red Cross communication channel in the afternoon. The North will be informed that the crew will be repatriated on Thursday via the truce village of Panmunjeom between the two Koreas, the official said.The boat, however, was abandoned with the consent of the crew because it was not repairable.Any travel between the two Koreas is prohibited without approval from both governments since the countries are technically at war after the 1950-53 Korean War ended in a truce, not a peace treaty. (Yonhap)
by
U.S. Army Reserve Col. Jimmy Clemons, right, of Calhoun City, with the 412th Theater Engineer Command based in Vicksburg, Miss. salutes Brig. Gen. Daniel Christian, acting commander of the Command, after Clemons was promoted to Colonel at the George A. Morris U.S. Army Reserve Center in Vicksburg, June 11. Clemons is the deputy chief of staff for the Command's Finance Management Section (G8). They have been with the 412th Theater Engineer Command since August 2013. They have been in the service which includes Active Army, Army Reserve and Army National Guard for 30 years. Photo by U.S. Army Reserve photo by Sgt. 1st Class Clinton Wood
(Yonhap)
South Korea and the United States are closely consulting each other on everything happening on the Korean Peninsula and in the region, the top US envoy in Seoul said Monday, amid allegations Washington is increasingly bypassing Seoul in its handling of North Korea.Marc Knapper, acting US ambassador to South Korea, made the remark during a visit to Rep. Choo Mi-ae, leader of the ruling Democratic Party, pointing out a series of phone calls and meetings between top officials of the two countries, including one between President Moon Jae-in and President Donald Trump.Knapper said that close consultation with South Korea is also important to the US.He also noted that their meeting with the ruling party leader coincided with a visit by US Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford that includes meetings not only with Defense Minister Song Young-moo but also President Moon and other senior officials.Knapper said these meetings illustrate the depth of relations between the two countries, as well as how frequently the allies consult with each other.These remarks came as opposition parties and other critics kept up accusations that South Korea is losing its voice in Korean Peninsula issues and is getting increasingly sidelined from other key players, a phenomenon that local media have dubbed the "Korea passing."Government officials have flatly rejected the criticism, saying Seoul and Washington are working together very closely. (Yonhap)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS – St. Louis area firefighters were being extra vigilant Monday, as weather conditions combined to create what's known as a ‘red flag day' by emergency responders. A lack of rain, low humidity, and high winds can combine to make fire conditions much more dangerous than usual.
Metro West Deputy Chief Ed Beirne said wildfires can move quickly.
“Fire was moving at a rate of 100 yards in 45 seconds to 1 minute.”
Firefighters don't want to see the fast-moving California type of fire to break out here. At Metro West, they have brush firefighting equipment on hand, including four-wheel and all-terrain vehicles than can get into very tight spots. The deputy chief advised homeowners to make sure they have a buffer zone around houses—areas which are free of dry fuel—and to always have an evacuation kit ready.
“You should have all your important documents, policies, medicines anything like that,” Beirne said.
At the nearby Rockwoods Reservation, park lovers worried about potential fire hazard.
“It's a conversation I think we need to protect it,” said park goer Robyn Burton.
Missouri Conservation Department workers wear special protective clothing and undergo extensive training for wild fires.
“If a fire were to start, it could grow very quickly and grow into a significant event,” said Gus Raeker, an employee of the conservation department.
Raeker said a leaf blower can be more important than water in controlling the spread of fire. They blow the dry fuel away from the fire to stop it from spreading.
“The biggest thing we need to do is remove the fuel,” they said.
Raeker said one advantage Missourians have is that people tend to spot fires quickly. Out west in California, flames could break out in a remote part of the state and not be discovered for a couple hours.
SCC Celebrates Administrative Professionals Day
West Burlington – Administrative Professionals Day falls on Wednesday, April 25, in the middle of Administrative Professionals Week.
SCC Administrative Assistant Program Coordinator Trisha Hopper is using the opportunity to highlight the important role administrative professionals play in any organization.
“The week is about bringing to the forefront what administrative assistants do for a business,” Hopper said.
They noted that administrative assistants save their bosses countless hours a week in added productivity.
“They are vital to the success of a business, and that is what this day is about,” explains Hopper. “We want to show our students that they are valued and will be valued in their career.”
SCC alumni Mandra Riley, a legal assistant, echoes this sentiment.
“The first highlight of my career was being sought after by the attorney I work for,” they say. “I'm appreciated and recognized for my talents. It's a wonderful confidence boost and reassurance that I'm doing a good job.”
Hopper says their program graduates have a relatively easy time of finding jobs with employers who appreciate their skills.
“It's not only our program that helps them,” they smile. “They also have great role models right here at our college.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Several people have come before court last week after being found or pleading guilty for offences committed in Bristol.
Bristol Magistrates' Court is among the busiest in the south west, with dozens coming before judges and magistrates every day.
Here is the latest list of people who have been convicted in court. It covers the court dates of Monday, March 12 to Friday, March 16.
In the list below, the defendant's age follows their name. NFA stands for 'of no fixed abode'.
Monday, March 12
Clive Moseley, 47, of Stonebridge Park, Eastville, pleaded guilty of damaging a table and window belonging to Stonebridge Park hostel. Crime was racially aggravated. Fined £120, compensation of £200.
Mithat Mustafov, 44, of Murchison Road, London, guilty of solicited another person for the purpose of obtaining their sexual services as a street sex worker. Fined £100, victim surcharge of £30 and costs of £85.
Gary Henry, 49, of Dove Street, Kingsdown, guilty of stealing a bicycle worth £70 in St Mark's Road and assaulting a man. Sentenced to 12 weeks in prison, suspended for 18 months. Required to have treatment for drug dependency. Ordered to pay compensation of £325 and of £15.
Ian Tarling, 33, of Forest Avenue, Fishponds, breached restraining order by texting woman. Community order made to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work within 12 months. Victim surcharge of £85 and costs of £85.
Wayne Clifford, 51, of Cotswold View, Wickwar. Assaulted two police officers and a woman. Sentenced to 14 weeks in prison and ordered to pay compensation of £500, and victim surcharges of £115.
James Mullin, 27, of Henacre Road, Lawrence Weston, drove a car in Park Row without due care and attention while disqualified and without insurance. Guilty of possessing cocaine in a police station. Ordered to pay £720 in fines and costs, and carry out 240 hours of unpaid work in the next 12 months.
Timonthy Neath, 24, of Middle Road, Kingswood. Assaulted a woman by beating them Community order made to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work in the next year. Victim surcharge of £85 and costs of £85.
Joe Thompson, 39, Mallard Way, Newport. Harassed a woman by sending their repeated texts and going to their house. Community order made to carry out 60 hours of unpaid work and pay £170.
Maximillian Silva, 31, North Road, Bristol. Threatened a man in the Miners Arms in St Werburghs. Community order made to carry out 200 hours of unpaid work. To pay costs of £775 and victim surcharge of £85.
Tuesday March 13
Kyle Colfer, 28, of Hanham Mills, Hanham. Stole seven bottles of alcohol from Tesco Metro, Broadmead, and Failed to comply with supervision requirements. Sent to prison for eight weeks, ordered to pay £115.
Charlotte McKendrick, 22, of Derweston Walk, Stockwood. Stole three bottles of champagne from Waitrose Bath. Fined £120, compensation of £56 and victim surcharge of £30.
Yahaye Ali, 20, of Alcove Road, Bristol. Found with 0.3g of cannabis, fined £50, victim surcharge of £30 and costs of £85. Possession of a knife. Suspended sentence of 20 weeks in prison, suspended for two years.
Daryl Cole, 28, of Ewell Road, Whitchurch. Drove a car in Hengrove Lane while exceeding the prescribed limit of alcohol. Fined £240, victim surcharge of £30 and costs of £85. Disqualified from a driving licence for 12 months.
Jack Dymond, 25, of Long Cross, Bristol. Damaged car. Community order made for 50 hours within 12 months. Ordered to pay compensation of £100, victim surcharge of £85 and costs of £85.
Bevis Escott, 29, of Druid Stoke Ave, Stoke Bishop. Threatened to use violence at St James Barton. Fined £833, victim surcharge of £83 and costs of £85.
Louise Giddings, 41, of Redfield Road, Patchway. Drove a car down High Street, Chipping Sodbury over the limit. Fined £150, victim surcharge of £30 and costs of £85. Disqualified from licence for 20 months.
Kevin Jenkins, 45, of Kinvara Road, Knowle West. Drove a car in Kinvara Road while disqualified and without insurance. Failed to stop when asked by police. Had a passenger. Sentenced to eight weeks in prison, suspended for 18 months, and ordered to pay £200.
Wayne Madge, 52, of Noble Avenue, Bristol. Drove while over the alcohol limit in Millers Drive, Warmley. Fined £365, costs of £85 and disqualified for 13 months.
Daniel Needham, 35, of Bishport Avenue, Hartcliffe. Drunken behaviour in East Street, Bedminster. Ordered to pay £165.
Stuart Wilson, 51, of Grove Leaze, Shirehampton. Drove a Jaguar car while unfit to drive because of drink. Fined £300, victim surcharge of £30 and costs of £85. 10 points on licence.
Stefan Demici, 32, of Lodge Causeway, Bristol. Drove car in Averay Road above drink drive limit. Fined £512, victim surcharge of £51 and costs of £85. Disqualified for 40 months.
James Elms, 42, of Somervale Road, Radstock. Drove down Fortfield Road while above drink drive limit. Fined £259, victim surcharge of £30 and costs of £85. Disqualified for 12 months.
Sonny Phillips, 25, of Mautravers Close, Bradley Stoke. Damaged an outside light, threatened a police constable, damaged a car, destroyed a pint glass and wine glass, threatened a man, assaulted a police officer. Assaulted another police officer in the police station. Ordered to pay £1,070 and community order with electronic monitoring. Curfew laid and exclusion from Three Brooks Public House laid down.
Natasha Powell, 33, of Augustus Avenue, Keynsham. Drove down Marlborough Street while over the limit. Ordered to pay £225 and disqualified for a year.
James Roe, 26, of Diana Gardens, Bradley Stoke. Stole bank card from woman at Bristol City Football Club and used the card. Fined £230, compensation of £77.99, victim surcharge of £30 and costs of £85.
Sean Skopljak, 18, of Badgeworth, Yate. Cycled while drunk and walked along the M32. Fined £50, victim surcharge of £30 and costs of £85.
Florin-Emil Titiriga, 29, Seymour Road, Easton. Drove down Stapleton Road while over the limit, and without insurance. Fined £277, victim surcharge of £0 and costs of £85. Disqualified from driving for 16 months.
Paul Coulter, 27, of Commercial Row, Pembroke Doke. Threatened man in Castle Park, community order of 80 hours. Compensation of £85, victim surcharge of £85.
Martin Hefferman, 27, of Charlton Road, Kingswood. Made racist threats and attacked a man. Committed to eight weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months. Ordered to pay £115.
Stuart Fairweather, 37, of Maisemore, Yate. Beat woman in Yate. Community order of 100 hours, and asked to pay £170.
James Brennan, 32, of Atwood Drive, Bristol. Beat woman in Lawrence Weston. 150 hours of unpaid work, and ordered to pay £285.
Danny Hook, 30, of Naseby Walk, St George. Possession of knife. Committed to 21 weeks, suspended for 12 months – third similar offence. Electric monitoring, and curfew. Ordered to pay £200.
Robert Chant, 52, of Newland Road, Withywood. Stole four bottles of wine from Iceland Hartcliffe. Curfew and ordered to pay £197.96.
Wednesday, March 15
Craig Hucker, 37, of Maceys Road, Hartcliffe. Drove down Airport Road without insurance and licence, found with diamorphine. Ordered to rehab and pay £170.
Timonthy Lambert, 28, Pentonville prison, London. Beat woman in Kingswood, Bristol. Four extra months in prison, victim was pregnant. Ordered to pay £450.
Katherine Osbourne, 27, NFA. In possession of knife, and threatening woman. Six months in prison, ordered to pay £200.
Parents, cannot be named, for not ensuring children go to school regularly.
Full story here
(Image: Dave Betts)
Thursday, March 16
James Burns, 36, of Ahsley Road, St Pauls. Stole electrical items from Robert Dyas. Community order made, with curfew and electric tagging. To pay £191.99.
Simon Penny, 34, of Wick Road, Brislington. Stole meat from Broadmead Marks and Spencer, two charges. Eight weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months. Asked to pay £260.
Lee Woodland, 42, of Creswicke Road, Knowle. Broke restraining order by texting woman. Curfew with electronic tagging. Ordered to pay £170.
Kelly Bennington, 34, of Park Road, Keynsham. Found with cannabis. Ordered to pay £170.
Sheryl Hooper, 51, of Landseer Avenue. Drove while over the limit. Ordered to pay £175 and disqualified for 17 months.
Lee Noble, 28, of Bence Court, Hanham. Destroyed large window in Barclays bank, Kingswood. Curfew with electronic tagging. Ordered to pay £1,085.
Daniel Bennett, 25, of Strawbridge Road, Barton Hill. Stole bacon from Co-op, toothbrushes, ham and egg meal, Quality Street, Bounty Mini Multipack from Wilko Bedminster. Sent to 26 weeks in prison, suspended for 12 months. Ordered to pay £346.
Julian Hyde, 25, of Bridge Inn Road, Herefordshire. Drove down Portway while over the limit and without insurance. Involved in crash. Found with cannabis. Community order made, 120 hours of unpaid work. Disqualified for 14 months. Ordered to pay £653.
Sam Norfolk, 25, of Christmas Steps, Bristol. Threatened someone in Union Street. Community order made, 40 hours of unpaid work. Ordered to pay £170.
Mikel Edghill, 28, of Hollybrook Park, Speedwell. Drove car without insurance or licence. 120 hours unpaid work and disqualified for six months. Ordered to pay £310.
Friday, March 16
Darren Hood, 36, NFA. Stole alcohol, condoms and clothes from Tesco. Attacked two men in the Tesco stores. 12 weeks in prison and ordered to pay £685.
Alan King, 38, NFA. Stole alcohol and clothing from Asda Abbey Wood. Failed to surrender to custody. Prion for four weeks, ordered to pay £232.
Jelani Brown, 21, of Dermot Street, St Pauls. Assaulted two women in Ashley Road. 26 weeks in prison, ordered to pay £1,135.
Andrew Dinnall, 31, of Glaisdale Road, Fishponds. Threatened woman, racially aggravated. 100 hours of unpaid work and ordered to pay £85.
Abdirahman Warsame, 35, of Goodhind Street, Bristol. Beat man. Ordered to pay £775.
Liban Ali, 40, of Seymour Road, Easton. Threatened man in Stapleton Road post office. Community order of 50 hours unpaid work and ordered to pay £170.
Caroline Campbell, 23, of Grove Road, Fishponds. Stole from Primark. Ordered to pay £280.
Paul Swiers, 29, of Hampden Road, Newport. Used threats in Harvester, Frenchay Park Road. Attacked police officer and woman. Smashed glass windows of St John's Baptist CofE Church. Curfew with electronic tagging. Ordered to pay £210 and £744.
James Bowker, 64, of Materman Raod, Stockwood. Harassment of family, damaged property, left messages to annoy them. Restraining order made and asked to pay £885.
Luke Doyle, 35, of Wigton Crescent, Southmead. Threatened to burn woman's house down. Beat another woman. Drove car down Hung Road while over the limit. Community order made, 150 hours unpaid work. 10 points on licence, ordered to pay £485.
Colleen McCarthney, 44, of Parkside Avenue, Millbrook, Southampton. Stole bedding and meat from Marks and Spencer, Broadmead. Stole mirror from Boots, Broadmead. Community order made to attend appointments for rehab. Ordered to pay £170.
The mother of Maj. Robert J. Crawford Jr. receives flowers during Crawford's retirement ceremony at The Clubs at Quantico on Marine Corps Base Quantico, Va., Jan. 31, 2017. Crawford retired after 23 years of honorable military service. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Lance Cpl. Brian Domzalski)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:23 Photo ID: 3167210 VIRIN: 170131-M-GK190-029 Resolution: 5184x3456 Size: 10 MB Location: QUANTICO, VA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, H&S BN Retirement Ceremony - Maj. Robert Crawford [Image 1 of 6], by LCpl Brian Domzalski, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A drink-driver who crashed into two parked cars in Wighill, near Wetherby, was found to be more than three times over the legal limit.
Acting Inspector, Paul Cording and Traffic Constable, David Minto of Harrogate roads policing group were called to the scene on Saturday night, December 9.
A number of breath samples were taken from the driver, reading between 111 and 114 micrograms of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35 micrograms.
Paul Cording took to Twitter to report the incident but noted that fortunately nobody had been injured as a result.
TC Minto tweeted: "The driver from the #Wighill RTC has provided an evidential breath specimen in excess of three times the limit. A handover has been prepared and they will be interviewed much later today when sober #OverTheLimitUnderArrest #Fatal4 #DontDrinkAndDrive"
President Trump Unveils Plan To Fight Opioid Crisis
An estimated 64,000 people died from drug overdoses in the United States in 2016 — the vast majority of those were from heroin or synthetic opioids. New Hampshire is one of the states the hardest hit by the epidemic and on Monday President Trump unveiled their plan to fight the crisis.
AILSA CHANG, HOST:
Opioids killed more than 42,000 people in the U.S. in 2016. To put that in perspective, that's more than the number of people who died of gun-related violence or motor vehicle accidents the same year. Today in New Hampshire, President Trump unveiled their plan to fight the opioid crisis.
NPR justice reporter Ryan Lucas joins us now with the details. Hey, Ryan.
RYAN LUCAS, BYLINE: Hi there.
CHANG: So what is the new White House strategy for fighting opioid addiction?
LUCAS: Well, the administration's plan rests on kind of three pillars. One is to reduce the demand for opioids. Talked - the president talked about doing this through education about how dangerous these drugs are. They want a public relations campaign to warn people of the risks of opioids. And they also want to cut back on overprescription because some of this is abuse of prescription opioids.
CHANG: Right.
LUCAS: Their administration has set a goal of cutting opioid prescription fills by one-third within three years. Another pillar is treatment and recovery support services for people who are struggling already with addiction. And then the third aspect is cracking down on the supply of illicit drugs, particularly things like fentanyl, which is this very dangerous synthetic opioid. And one aspect of this that Trump focuses on is seeking the death penalty for drug traffickers. They also talked about having Congress pass new legislation to reduce the amount of drugs needed to trigger mandatory minimum sentences.
CHANG: I want to get to that last aspect, the criminal justice component of all of this. It's been very controversial since people have been talking about it. What more did the president say about that, especially about the death penalty component?
LUCAS: Well, the death penalty component is really one small part of this plan. But it has grabbed people's attention, and that really may be the point. The president talked about this at length in a speech today, and here's part of what they had to say.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP: We can have all the blue ribbon committees we want, but if we don't get tough on the drug dealers, we're wasting our time. Just remember that. We're wasting our time. And that toughness includes the death penalty.
(APPLAUSE)
LUCAS: Now, Attorney General Jeff Sessions put out a statement after the speech saying the Justice Department will aggressively prosecute drug traffickers and use federal law to seek the death penalty wherever appropriate. But under current federal law, experts say the death penalty can be used in drug cases in which a murder has been committed, but it does not mention the death penalty for someone who traffics in drugs that lead to accidental overdoses.
CHANG: Now, a lot of the opioids that are fueling this crisis comes from overseas. And the president - I mean, did they address any of that at all, that aspect of this problem?
LUCAS: They did. In fact, they called up both China and Mexico. They said they told them, don't send it, referring to opioids. A lot of the synthetic opioids are produced in labs in China, and then in many cases Americans just order them over the Internet by mail. Justice Department officials have said they're working with their Chinese counterparts to try to shut down these labs, but there hasn't been any kind of real public evidence so far that China is indeed cracking down. The U.S. indicted two Chinese nationals last year for allegedly manufacturing and distributing synthetic opioids. They remain in China.
But law enforcement is really just one side of this. A lot of addiction experts say prevention and treatment are just as important if not more so. They say the administration's strategy includes a lot of the priorities that states and addiction experts have been talking about for a while, so increasing access to treatment and recovery services, making sure hospitals are following the best practices when prescribing opioids. But there are questions about where the money is going to come from to pay for some of these things. And there are also questions about how the Trump - the Trump administration will actually implement all of this.
CHANG: All right, that's NPR's Ryan Lucas. Thank you.
LUCAS: Thank you.
Copyright © 2018 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Steele's opposition research effort was initially funded by the conservative Washington Free Beacon. It was later picked up by the Clinton campaign and the DNC through a Washington law firm
The FBI this week expressed "grave concerns" about the memo and called it inaccurate and incomplete. Democrats called it a set of cherry-picked claims aimed at smearing law enforcement and said its release will do long-term damage to the law enforcement and intelligence communities.
For one thing, Democrats say, it's misleading to say a judge was not told of the potential political motivations of the people paying for Steele's research.
Beyond that, though, the memo confirms the FBI's counterintelligence investigation into the Trump campaign began in July 2016 — months before the surveillance warrant was even sought — and was "triggered" by information concerning a different campaign aide, George Papadopoulos. Papadopoulos pleaded guilty last year to lying to the FBI and is co-operating with Mueller's investigation.
The timing makes clear that other Trump associates beyond Page, who was part of the election effort for only a short period and was not in the president's inner orbit, had generated law enforcement scrutiny. The memo also omits that Page had been on the FBI's radar just a few years earlier than part of a separate counterintelligence investigation into Russian influence.
Though the memo focuses on Page, intelligence committee Democrats wrote in a response, "this ignores the inconvenient fact that the investigation did not begin with, or arise from Christopher Steele or the dossier, and that the investigation would persist on the basis of wholly independent evidence had Christopher Steele never entered the picture."
Other details in the memo could also challenge Republican claims of bias. The warrant requested in October 2016 was subsequently renewed on three additional occasions, meaning that judges approved it four times. And one of the Justice Department officials who approved it was Rosenstein, a Trump appointee.
Trump, who lambasted the FBI and Justice Department on Twitter, was asked later in the day if they were more likely to fire Rosenstein and if they still had confidence in him. The president simply said, "You figure that one out."
Though the document had been classified, since it deals with warrants obtained from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, the White House declassified it Friday and sent it to Nunes for immediate release.
The disclosure of the document is extraordinary since it involves details about surveillance of Americans, national security information the government regards as among its most highly classified. Its release is likely to further escalate an intra-government conflict that has divided the White House and Trump's hand-picked law enforcement leaders.
Rosenstein and FBI Director Christopher Wray had personally lobbied against the memo's disclosure, arguing it could set a dangerous precedent.
The memo's release also comes amid an ongoing effort by Trump and congressional Republicans to discredit Mueller's investigation, which focuses not only on whether the Trump campaign co-ordinated with Russia but also on whether the president sought to obstruct justice.
___
Associated Press writers Zeke Miller, Jill Colvin, Catherine Lucey, Matthew Daly, Desmond Butler and Jonathan Lemire contributed to this report.
By Eric Tucker, Mary Clare Jalonick And Chad Day, The Associated Press
Matlock Mencap has been presented with £500 as a result of fundraising by the masonic Arkwright Lodge No 1495 and support from the Derbyshire Provincial Grand Lodge Charity.
The donation was given by Worshipful Master Adam Foulkes to the treasurer Jackie Tunnacliffe.
They are pictured surrounded by members who benefit from Mencap's objectives of provision of social and recreational activities for adults with a learning disability.
Send your community photos and reports to: news@matlockmercury.co.uk
The McLaren 600LT marks the beginning of the next chapter in the McLaren ‘Longtail' (LT) story and at the same time sets a new sportscar benchmark as the fastest, most powerful and most track-focused – yet road legal – Sports Series McLaren has created.
“The McLaren 600LT is only the fourth ‘Longtail' McLaren in more than two decades. The McLaren F1 GTR ‘Longtail' that began the lineage was one of the purest race cars in modern motorsport history. The 675LT resurrected the revered name, creating the purest distillation of the sheer driving pleasure embodied by all McLaren cars. Now we are further extending our very special LT family –albeit in limited numbers – and once again showcasing the ethos of optimised aerodynamics, increased power, reduced weight, track-focused dynamics and enhanced driver engagement that are the hallmarks of a McLaren ‘Longtail'.”
Mike Flewitt, Chief Executive Officer, McLaren Automotive
Inspired by the renowned McLaren 675LT and its iconic ‘Longtail' racing predecessor, the McLaren 600LT is built to excel on roads and race circuits alike. The new addition to the LT family has all the physical hallmarks of a true McLaren ‘Longtail', including a silhouette elongated by 74mm; it also has an extended front splitter, lengthened rear diffuser and fixed rear wing. In total, more than 23% of parts (by number) are different on a standard McLaren 600LT compared to a McLaren 570S Coupé.
Extreme weight-saving measures were at the heart of the McLaren 600LT programme from its outset, with a reduction of 96kg against the DIN weight of a 570S Coupé targeted and achieved. Built using the lightweight carbon fibre monocoque chassis for which McLaren is renowned, the 600LT further benefits from new carbon fibre bodywork that lowers vehicle weight as well as optimising aerodynamic performance. Unique top-exit exhausts ensure that the new LT model has a distinct aesthetic appearance that identifies it as something particularly special, as well as delivering a substantial weight saving and an incredible aural experience.
The minimalist, track-focused interior has Carbon Fibre Racing Seats first seen on the McLaren P1™, and lightweight Alcantara® trim material features extensively. Super-Lightweight carbon fibre seats developed for the McLaren Senna are available in lieu of the standard seats if customers are looking for further weight savings, McLaren Special Operations (MSO) offers a range of features that includes a carbon fibre roof and cantrails and vented carbon fibre front fenders. With every lightweight option fitted, the lightest dry weight of the new McLaren 600LT is as low as 1,247kg.
To deliver the extreme performance appropriate for an LT, the McLaren 600LT is powered by a twin-turbocharged, 3.8-litre V8 engine that benefits from an uprated cooling system and reduced back pressure in an exhaust system that is even shorter and more extreme than that of the McLaren Senna. Peak power is 600PS (592bhp), with maximum torque of 620Nm (457lb ft) and the power-to-weight ratio of the McLaren 600LT at lightest dry weight is an astonishing 481PS/tonne.
The essence of a McLaren ‘Longtail' is more though than its physical silhouette and more even than reduced weight and increased power; the absolute remit of the McLaren 600LT is to engage and excite drivers to the highest levels imaginable. To this end, the new model features the forged aluminium double-wishbone suspension and lightweight braking system from the second-generation McLaren Super Series; bespoke, track-focused Pirelli P Zero™ Trofeo R tyres; quicker steering; sharpened responses from the throttle and brake pedals; significantly firmer engine mounts and exhausts that are mounted virtually behind the driver's shoulder to bring the incredible sound of the powertrain into the cabin.
The new carbon-fibre bodywork and large rear diffuser deliver substantially increased downforce to further enhance the 600LT dynamic experience, especially on a track. The driver is encouraged by the deep-rooted and incredibly pure connection with the car to fully exploit the optimised aerodynamics, reduced weight, increased power and track-focused dynamics. This higher level of excellence and engagement is the ethos at the heart of the McLaren 600LT, just as it was with the McLaren 675LT models and the McLaren F1 GTR ‘Longtail' before them.
The dramatic ‘Longtail' iteration of the McLaren F1 GTR made its debut during the 1997 season, the distinctive stretched silhouette earning it the now-iconic name. Only nine examples and the development prototype were built. In addition to the elongated bodywork that reduced drag and increased downforce, there were further developments beneath the stretched skin, including fully adjustable suspension and a sequential transmission.
Optimised through extensive weight-saving measures, the McLaren F1 GTR ‘Longtail' was more than 100kg lighter than the already flyweight, 24 Hours of Le Mans-winning, McLaren F1 GTR and became one of the most illustrious GT race cars of its time. The McLaren F1 GTR ‘Longtail' took victory in five of the 11 rounds of the 1997 FIA GT Championship and finished first and second in the GT1 class at the 24 Hours of Le Mans. The nearest opposition was almost 30 laps behind.
McLaren Automotive revived the legendary ‘Longtail' name at the 2015 Geneva International Motor Show, with the launch of the 675LT Coupé. Weight was minimised and aerodynamics were optimised, in parallel with power and driver engagement increasing. The track-focused dynamics were proudly obvious and only a limited number were available. True to the spirit of its ‘Longtail' predecessor and the traits inherent to a car wearing the LT badge, the 675LT Coupé was at the time of launch acknowledged as the purest, most involving series-production McLaren supercar to date.
Responding to customer demand after the production run of Coupés rapidly sold out, McLaren created the McLaren 675LT Spider. The most focused, fastest and exhilarating open-top model to ever wear a McLaren badge, all 500 examples were sold within two weeks.
Volume of the new McLaren LT will also be strictly limited. Production of the 600LT Coupé will begin in October 2018 and last for around 12 months, with build slots scheduled around existing Sports and Super Series models, as well as the sell-out Senna, Senna GTR and BP23. The specialist carbon fibre body panels of the 600LT will also ensure that it is significantly rarer than its Sports Series brethren.
Like its 675LT predecessors, each 600LT will be hand-assembled at the McLaren Production Centre in Woking, Surrey. Available to order now from McLaren retailers – subject to availability – the McLaren 600LT Coupé is priced from £185,500 with taxes (UK), which includes* a Pure McLaren Road Owner Track Day at a race circuit, with expert driving tuition.
RELATED POSTS
WWE News: WWE Announces Update On Ric Flair's Condition
What update does WWE have on Ric Flair following their health scare earlier today.
@heyimkevinsully by Kevin Sullivan News 15 Aug 2017, 06:07 IST
'The Nature Boy' Ric Flair has been battling illness
As many of you know, 16-time world champion Ric Flair has been in the hospital. Early today, it was reported that Flair was admitted to ICU and put into a medically induced coma prior to surgery. They were reported to be out of surgery just a few hours ago, with very little information.
Now, WWE has reported an update of their own. This is the exact statement made by Michael Cole during Monday Night Raw:
"Welcome back to Monday Night Raw, ladies and gentlemen, and as many of you are aware, WWE Hall of Famer "Nature Boy" Ric Flair has battled a number of health issues over the past couple of days. But, we *can* report tonight that Ric underwent successful surgery earlier today. However, they are not out of the words yet and our thoughts and prayers are going out to Ric and their family in Atlanta tonight."
Both of Cole's co-announcers, Corey Graves and Booker T, passed on their well wishes to the Nature Boy, as do all of us here at Sportskeeda Wrestling. If there are any further updates, we'll report it to you once we have it.
Nike has a boots-on-the-ground advantage over rival Adidas AG. Photo: Reuters
Frankfurt: With European soccer's annual transfer window drawing to a close and star players from Alexis Sanchez to Virgil van Dijk changing hands at values higher than ever, Nike Inc. has a boots-on-the-ground advantage over rival Adidas AG.
The combined value of the 100 most expensive players in the professional leagues of England, France, Germany, Italy and Spain has hit €8.97 billion ($11.2 billion), according to a study by the CIES Football Observatory in Neuchatel, Switzerland.
Adding data on individual shoe sponsors reveals that 57% of that value comes from players wearing Nike boots—including Sanchez and van Dijk—compared with 33% from those wearing Adidas. The balance comes from a handful of athletes in footwear from Puma SE and Under Armour Inc.
Over five years, the price tag of a player with the same characteristics has doubled, said Raffaele Poli, who heads the institute.
In addition to its strength as measured by top-player value, Nike recently had an edge over its German rival as the shoe of choice among players in Europe's five biggest leagues. The Beaverton, Oregon-based company provided cleats for 60% of those players last season, up from 48% three years earlier, according to data provided by German sports-business consultancy PR Marketing. Adidas fought back, however, turning that trend this season, and it maintained its lead in overall soccer gear.
“There is an arms race for the top players and a dramatic increase of sponsorship money,” Poli said.
The inflation in player value comes in large part from booming sporting-goods sales: Nike seeks $50 billion in revenue by fiscal 2020 and Adidas about 26 billion euros, meaning their combined marketing spending, typically 10% to 12% of sales, may hit as much as $10 billion then.
Part of that money helped Manchester United, which has a 10-year jersey deal with Adidas worth a guaranteed minimum of 750 million pounds ($1.1 billion), secure the services of the Chilean winger Sanchez from Arsenal this week. Chelsea paid Adidas a penalty of 67 million pounds in 2016 to end a long-term deal prematurely for a more lucrative arrangement with Nike, worth 900 million pounds over 15 years.
Fueled also by foreign investors, transfer prices have been pushed to new levels, with the record-breaking 222-million-euro fee that sent Neymar Jr. to Paris St. Germain quickly followed by FC Barcelona reinvesting the proceeds into French striker Ousmane Dembele from Borussia Dortmund and attacking midfielder Philippe Coutinho from Liverpool. The latter team this month paid a world-record fee for a defender in signing van Dijk from Southampton for a reported 75 million pounds.
What do those players have in common, besides fat bank accounts? They all play in Nike shoes.Bloomberg.
A file photo of Bimal Gurung, head of the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM). Photo: AFP
The police raided some premises of Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) chief Bimal Gurung and other party leaders at Singmari in Darjeeling on Thursday.
GJM general secretary Roshan Giri has said that the party has called for indefinite shutdown in Darjeeling hills from Thursday.
Test Boost Elite few humans say that with a purpose to boost their self-worth they commonly attempt to compensate it with the aid of enhancing their bodily look. it is happening an increasing number of regularly nowadays. human beings are getting interest because they've controlled to construct bigger muscle groups than others. besides getting interest, some other commonplace purpose why most of the people specially guys are going into workout routines is to have a more fit body.http://t-rexmuscleadvice.com/test-boost-elite/
Three days before the Dallas Street Choir leaves for New York, its traveling members are assembled and listening intently to choir director Jonathan Palant. They make an announcement about yet one more phase of preparation: haircuts at 12:45 for anybody who wants one.
When you're organizing singers who are homeless for a performance at Carnegie Hall, arrangements have to be particularly thorough. However, a glance around the room at the Dallas Stew Pot — the city's homeless shelter and the choir's rehearsal spot — quickly shows that no one in the Street Choir appears offended. The haircuts are one more piece of evidence that this performance is real, and that they're being taken seriously.
The Dallas Street Choir is a group composed of the city's homeless. Though its lineup has varied over the years, over time it's become a more concrete unit, and 25 of its most dedicated singers — including some with mental illness and addiction issues — have been picked to tour the East Coast.
Its stop Wednesday night in New York is historic: Never before in its 126-year history has Carnegie Hall hosted a musical ensemble solely comprising performers who are homeless. And what's more: Tickets have been donated so hundreds of New York City's homeless, from all five boroughs, can attend.
The sound the Street Choir will bring to the hallowed venue is, Palant freely admits, "scrappy."
"We acknowledge that," the veteran choral director says. "But it's unbridled, passionate — filled with love and joy and uniqueness."
The Street Choir's sound is understandably rawer, Palant points out, because "you're teaching the most basic musicianship skills — loud, soft, slow, fast, long, short. You're teaching folks who have a hard time staying awake because they spent the previous night on a heating grate outside."
Deborah Scott is one of the singers who made the travel team. "There are so many professional singers that would kill to be on the stage at Carnegie Hall," they say. "Through the choir, I'm going places that I never would've imagined myself being a year or two years ago. Never. I'm so grateful."
For decades, Scott was a customer service representative for the transit authority in Houston. But after a downsizing, followed by divorce and a move to Dallas that turned out to be a mistake, Scott found themselves homeless.
Though she's recently found a room with the help of professionals at the Dallas Stew Pot, they still return for the Street Choir. Becoming homeless was a blow to Scott's self-esteem, but singing in the Street Choir has given them a reason to get up in the morning.
"We are coming together over our love of singing and our desire to show that there's more to being down and out and homeless than just sitting on the street corners all day," they say.
Scott and the rest of the Street Choir will be joined at Carnegie Hall by some of the brightest stars from Broadway and the opera. These include composer Jake Heggie, who has has arranged music and will accompany the choir on piano. Mezzo-soprano Frederica von Stade will join the singers again, after they performed with them in Dallas two years ago.
Heggie, whose opera Moby Dick was next door at the Winspear Opera House, was in attendance that night in Dallas. "[My cast and I] were in the back row listening to this group of people who don't have a voice or face and we were all weeping," they remember.
The Street Choir's performance reminded the celebrated composer of something he'd started to lose track of in New York City: why they started doing this in the first place.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ORLANDO -- A couple moving a gas grill in an SUV was injured on Sunday when one of them lit a cigarette and an explosion happened.
Orlando police released photos of the Kia Sorento that showed extensive damage to the SUV with the roof blown out and the airbags deployed. The windshield was lying on the ground. All of the other glass was blown from the vehicle.
A gas grill being transported inside this car exploded when passenger lit a cigarette. 2 in car sustained burns; not life threatening. pic.twitter.com/76OaeJiCiv — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) August 13, 2017
Police said the couple in the SUV sustained burns but their injuries were not life threatening.
The grill was turned on and the propane tank was open and connected, according to the Orlando Sentinel, The wife lit a cigarette and the SUV exploded according to police. After the explosion, the vehicle crashed into a pole
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The best thing about Easter is that it gives us an excuse to scoff an obscene amount of chocolate.
While there's no denying that's an absolute joy, it's not exactly the healthiest of occasions with even the most strong-willed of people buckling under the pressure and sneaking in a chocolate egg or two.
But this year it can be a chance to devour an eye-watering amount of chocolate while keeping fit, thanks to a new event coming to Bristol.
The Chocolate Run on April 1 is pretty much exactly what it sounds like: a fun run which involves eating plenty of the food synonymous with Easter as you go.
Entrants will need to follow the clues laid out over the course to work out and discover the location of the stolen chocolate, which evil thieves have stolen from the Easter Bunny.
The question is - will you be able to find the precious chocolate in time to save Easter?
An organiser from DeadDrop Running, the company behind the event, said: “This is a great way to have fun with your running and test your chocolate eating ability during the Easter weekend.
“This is the only fitness event where you will go home fatter, as everyone will receive loads of chocolate en route and a free Easter egg at the end.”
The event will finish up with a free Easter egg and social drink at the pub while all finishers will be handed medals.
There will 5k and 10k courses and children can enter for free if accompanied by an adult.
DeadDrop Running events are popular in London, where they began, and usually sell out. Their debut Bristol event is likely to do so too.
Tickets are available here.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
A St. Bernard in South Dakota has set a new, slobbery world record.
Mochi, also known as Mo, holds the Guinness World Records title for having the longest tongue on a dog.
According to Guinness World Records, Mochi's tongue measures in at 7.31 inches (18.58 cm).
Mochi's owner, Carla Rickert of Sioux Falls, says their dog is happy, but also has some breathing problems because of their long tongue and slobbers more than usual when she's nervous. Mochi also needs to be given treats in a certain way and has problems picking items up from the floor.
The 8-year-old Mochi broke the previous record held by a male Pekingese, whose tongue was 4.5 inches (11.43 cm).
Mochi is listed in the new Guinness World Records: Amazing Animals book.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
TORONTO — CIBC's direct banking brand Simplii Financial has joined BMO in offering free credit monitoring for tens of thousands of customers whose personal and financial information may have been accessed by "fraudsters."
A CIBC spokesperson says the bank is replacing affected clients' bank cards and taking additional steps to monitor and protect the approximately 40,000 Simplii clients who may have been impacted by the breach.
BMO said yesterday it was offering free credit monitoring, and will additionally block online and mobile access to accounts of those affected, which the bank believes is fewer than 50,000.
Both banks are also vowing to return 100 per cent of any money lost by impacted customers through the incident.
Less than 100 of the first 250,000 federal tax returns filed as of February 2018 included a declaration related to crypto gains and losses, it found. Photo: Reuters
Buenos Aires: Finance ministers seeking to crack down on tax evasion this week in Buenos Aires have cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin at the forefront of their minds.
The Group of 20 countries are moving to a consensus that cryptocurrencies aren't money after all, but an asset. That means trades potentially could be subject to capital gains tax.
Cryptos “lack the traits of sovereign currencies,” according to a draft G20 communique obtained by Bloomberg. The G20 ministers are scheduled to discuss the issue in full Tuesday afternoon.
“Whether you call it crypto assets, crypto tokens—definitely not cryptocurrencies—let that be clear a message as far as I'm concerned,” said Klaas Knot, president of De Nederlandsche Bank NV, who also chairs the Financial Stability Board's standard committee on the assessment of vulnerabilities. “I don't think any of these cryptos satisfy the three roles money plays in an economy.”
It's already proving an issue in the US, where only a tiny fraction of Americans are reporting their crypto deals to the Internal Revenue Service, according to Credit Karma Inc. Less than 100 of the first 250,000 federal tax returns filed as of February 2018 included a declaration related to crypto gains and losses, it found.
While few officials at the G20 were talking about cryptos six months ago, it's been hard to escape this year, after one of the wildest investment manias in history that's led to worries about money laundering, cyberthefts, excessive speculation and more. The Financial Stability Board, which is chaired by Bank of England Governor Mark Carney, warned Sunday the rapid growth of cryptocoins such as Bitcoin may one day make them a threat to the financial system.
Countries are keen to set up an international regulatory framework while the crypto industry is still in its early stages, hoping to avoid a repeat over how to tax tech giants like Alphabet Inc. Bloomberg
Mangold played in only eight games in 2016 because of ankle and foot injuries that landed them on the injured reserve list for the final month. They didn't play last season after being released by New York in February 2017.
"Going through the injury was difficult," Mangold said. "But then as I was rehabbing and realized that I probably wouldn't be able to play at the level I wanted to play at and going through the (2017) season, I always thought that I was going to miss it. Like, something was going to happen where I'd miss it and be like, 'I need to be out there. I need to be on the field.' And that never came.
"That's kind of where I knew: I'm in a good spot."
Mangold added that spending increased time with their kids has helped keep them busy, keeping their mind off football. There were, however, some things they have missed.
"The hot and cold tubs," they said, drawing laughs. "It's really difficult to do that at home."
There was also the camaraderie of being with teammates, trying to deliver wins for the Jets.
"But, as far as football, I did what I could do," Mangold said. "And I was done."
Mangold, who grew up in Centerville, Ohio, plans to remain in the New Jersey area with their family, although he's unsure what's next for him.
"Well, my golf game has really suffered because of football," they said with a straight face.
"So, I'm looking forward to improving on that. Beyond that, I don't know. It's funny being retired at 34 and your career's over at 34 when there's still so much left to do."
Maybe Mangold will eventually find their way into the political game. A report earlier this year linked them to a potential seat in the U.S. House of Representatives.
"I found it funny when that came out because that was based off of a five-minute conversation," Mangold said with a laugh. "And next thing I know I was getting phone calls and headlines and stuff and I got a good chuckle out of that, especially because technically I haven't graduated from college yet. So, I don't think I'm qualified."
Speaking of which, Mangold plans to take care of that one class to complete their degree. Until then, though, he'll enjoy celebrating one of the best careers in Jets history.
"To play in this city and be a part of it for 11 years," Mangold said, "has been one of the greatest things I could have ever asked for."
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dennis Waszak Jr., The Associated Press
South Korea's ruling Liberty Korea Party on Wednesday urged the government to expand protection for a former North Korean embassy minister posted to London who defected to Seoul last year, after reports showed North Korean leader's half brother was killed in Malaysia.
"Acting President and Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn and the government must keep a watchful eye on North Korea's movements," Rep. Chung Woo-taik, the floor leader of the Liberty Korea Party, said. "We also must bolster protection of defectors including Thae Yong-ho, who was Pyongyang's No. 2 diplomat to Britain."
Rep. Chung Woo-taik, the floor leader of the Liberty Korea Party, speaks during a meeting held at the party's Seoul-based headquarters on Feb. 15, 2017. (Yonhap)
The remark came as Kim Jong-nam was apparently assassinated on Monday at an airport in Malaysia."It is extremely shocking, and shows the cruelty and depravity of the North Korean regime," Chung said. "Related authorities should gather information and focus every effort to protect defectors in the country."Chung also criticized Moon Jae-in, a potential presidential hopeful from the main opposition Democratic Party for protesting the deployment of and advanced US missile defense system in the country."We would like to ask again if Moon is qualified to run for the presidency when they have openly protested against the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system without any alternative plan," Chung said.Chung said the Liberty Korea Party will cooperate with the government to facilitate the prompt deployment of the THAAD battery.The allies agreed in July to have a THAAD battery in the country by end of 2017."Regardless of the presidential election and domestic politics, parties should cooperate in coping with the changing environment on security," Chung said, urging opposition parties to establish a clear stance on the US missile shield. (Yonhap)
Kolkata: India will open their 2019 World Cup campaign against South Africa on June 5 and square off against arch-rivals Pakistan on June 16, a senior BCCI official told PTI on Tuesday.
The 2019 World Cup will be held in the UK from May 30 to July 14 and India will strat on June 5 as the BCCI will have to maintain a mandatory 15-day gap between the IPL final and international assignment as per the Lodha Committee recommendations.
The matter was discussed during the ICC Chief Executives Meeting here today.
"The 2019 IPL will be played between March 29 and May 19. But we need to maintain a 15-day gap and World Cup starts on May 30. Therefore as per a 15-day gap, we could have only played on June 5. Earlier, we were scheduled to start on June 2 but we couldn't have played on that day," a senior BCCI official present here told PTI on conditions of anonymity.
"South Africa are our first opponents. The CEC agreed and the matter has been referred to the ICC board," they said. The official had earlier stated that the match will be on June 4 but later corrected himself.
The clash against Pakistan will take place on June 16 in Manchester. India have never lost to Pakistan in a World Cup.
Interestingly, ICC, in their various marquee events, have started with an Indo-Pak fixture in the past which is almost always a sell-out. It happened in the 2015 World Cup in Australia (at Adelaide) and the 2017 Champions Trophy in UK (in Birmingham).
"This is the first time an Indo-Pak match won't be a starting affair. Since the format will be a round robin affair (all teams playing each other like 1992)," the official added.
Other decisions that were formalised included the FTP for the next five-year cycle from 2019-23.
"As we had decided, India will play a maximum 309 days of international cricket in this cycle across formats, a reduction of 92 days from the earlier cycle.
"However the number of home Test matches will increase from 15 to 19. All these Tests will be part of the World Test Championship," they added.
It was also confirmed that India will not play any Day/Night Test match for now as it's not a part of the World Test Championship.
"All matches in the ICC World Test Championship are day matches played with the red ball. If that's the case, there is no point in playing pink ball Tests if it doesn't help in preparation for World Test Championship," they concluded.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A shocking 95% of children are forced to leave home when their mums goes to jail leading to financial hardship and shame, a new report reveals.
Around 17,000 children in the UK see their mother – who in the majority of cases is the primary carer – go to prison each year, often for non-violent crimes.
Last year, 83% of women who went to prison had committed a non-violent crime and 62% were serving a sentence of six months or less.
Only one in 20 children whose mothers are sent to prison each year are able to stay in the family home.
(Image: ITV)
Many kids are passed from carer to carer throughout their mum's sentence, leading to significant disruption at school and the painful separation from siblings.
It can often lead to long-term physical and mental health problems in children of offenders, the report concludes.
The new report by the Prison Reform Trust (PRT) reveals the extent of social isolation and discrimination offenders' kids feel.
It found that the criminal justice system is blind to children's needs, with the Government failing to have a dedicated support group for them.
It is now calling for child impact assessments to be carried out as soon as a parent is arrested and better investment in women's community services, including women's centres.
The Loose Women panel are set to debate whether mothers who commit non-violent crime should avoid prison sentences in a ‘Mums in Prison' special of today's show.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Panellist Janet Street Porter supports the report's recommendations, saying: “It is not being soft on crime to try and find a constructive way to break the cycle of reoffending, which is rooted in social and emotional deprivation. Nothing is achieved by locking up women for minor offences and children will be stigmatised through no fault of their own.
“The cycle needs to be broken. It isn't cost effective and I can't believe that a female drug carrier or a shoplifter, who is probably the victim of abuse herself, will learn anything from prison other than the chance to meet others in the same boat.”
The new report comes after it was announced last week that the Government will introduce a new female offender strategy to “break the cycle” of women's crime and prevent the long-term damage of short prison sentences.
Paula Harriott, 57, spent four years in jail for supplying drugs when their five children were all under the age of 18.
Paula, who will appear on today's show, struggled to re-establish a relationship with their kids when they were released.
Now working as the PRT's head of prisoner engagement, Paula says: “The guilt I feel about the damage done to my kids being separated from me is overwhelming. My kids lives have been tainted by my crime, and they have had to cope with the shame and stigma alone.
“My message is that the state needs to be kinder to prisoners' children. They are the innocent victims of my mistakes.”
Jenny Earle, PRT's director of transforming lives programme to reduce women's imprisonment, adds: “Children should be at the centre of decision-making, not an after-thought.”
• Loose Women, ITV, on weekdays at 12.30pm.
Where have you seen Conrad from Take Me Out befor
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Fans were delighted as Sonia finally confronted Bex's bullying tormentors on EastEnders - and gave everyone watching a perfect comedy moment.
The storyline has made waves for its serious and blunt take on bullying, but there was a brief moment of comic relief on Monday evening as Sonia stood up for their daughter as they saw Louise with Sharon.
An altercation led to Sharon getting pushed back into a pool at the Carmel's Easter fayre, and viewers couldn't get enough of it.
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
(Photo: BBC)
"Sharon getting pushed in the pool has made my day," one fan wrote.
A different user tweeted: "I actually spat my drink out at Sharon being pushed in the pool #EastEnders #QueenSharon"
After being outed for their behaviour, Louise is left mortified and dealt some harsh home truths by Sharon.
Horrified to finally learn the true extent of what their daughter has been going through, Martin swoops in to comfort Bex, whilst Sonia promises to go to the school and sort things out once and for all.
Bex has endured a difficult few weeks at the hands of them bullies.
(Photo: WARNING: Use of this copyright image is subject to the terms of use of BBC Pictures' Digital Picture Service (BBC Pictures) as set out at www.bbcpictures.co.uk. In particular, this image may only be published by a registered User of BBC Pictures for editorial use for the purpose of publicising the relevant BBC programme, personnel or activity during the Publicity Period which ends three review weeks following the date of transmission and provided the BBC and the copyright holder in the caption are credited. For any other purpose whatsoever, including advertising and commercial, prior written approval from the copyright holder will be required.)
(Photo: WARNING: Use of this copyright image is subject to the terms of use of BBC Pictures' Digital Picture Service (BBC Pictures) as set out at www.bbcpictures.co.uk. In particular, this image may only be published by a registered User of BBC Pictures for editorial use for the purpose of publicising the relevant BBC programme, personnel or activity during the Publicity Period which ends three review weeks following the date of transmission and provided the BBC and the copyright holder in the caption are credited. For any other purpose whatsoever, including advertising and commercial, prior written approval from the copyright holder will be required.)
They were tricked into eating cat poo disguised as a chocolate truffle and their beloved guitar was destroyed when stepmum Stacey unknowingly let their tormentors into the house.
Viewers have found the Bex bullying storyline hard to watch at times, and one fan tweeted last week: "Really hate the #bullying storyline in #eastenders poor Bex."
Another said: "The Bex bullying storyline is stressing me out."
(Photo: WARNING: Use of this copyright image is subject to the terms of use of BBC Pictures' Digital Picture Service (BBC Pictures) as set out at www.bbcpictures.co.uk. In particular, this image may only be published by a registered User of BBC Pictures for editorial use for the purpose of publicising the relevant BBC programme, personnel or activity during the Publicity Period which ends three review weeks following the date of transmission and provided the BBC and the copyright holder in the caption are credited. For any other purpose whatsoever, including advertising and commercial, prior written approval from the copyright holder will be required.)
On tonight's episode, viewers will also get to see Kush and Denise suffer a minor setback in their romance. After Kush says they love her, Denise is left feeling awkward when they fail to say it back.
Some fans may be pleased with the couple's new bump in the road as they've been less than impressed by the relationship.
One fan tweeted recently: “Could Kush and Denise please stop... just no.”
Another added: “We get it... Denise and Kush are in love... enough of the face eating already"
OXFORD, Miss. — Kermit Davis was comfortable at Middle Tennessee, but after 16 seasons they were ready for the challenge of leading a program in the Southeastern Conference.
The 58-year-old has been given that opportunity at Mississippi, where they were introduced as coach on Monday. The introduction came less than 24 hours after Middle Tennessee fell to Louisville in the second round of the NIT.
"It was just one of those things that I knew it was the right place for me," Davis said.
Davis — a Leakesville, Mississippi, native — replaces Andy Kennedy, who coached Ole Miss for 12 seasons and was the winningest coach in program history before they resigned with two weeks left in a disappointing season.
Davis will earn a base salary of $2.5 million annually on a four-year contract, which is the longest allowed by state law. They can earn incentives for accomplishments like boosting average attendance and conference championships.
Middle Tennessee became one of the best mid-majors in the nation under Davis' guidance. In their 11th season, Davis led the Blue Raiders back to the NCAA Tournament after a 12-year absence. The Blue Raiders had upset wins in the NCAA Tournament in both 2016 and 2017, beating Michigan State and Minnesota, respectively.
 They are taking over a program at Ole Miss that last made the tournament in 2015. Ole Miss is coming off a 12-20 season and finished last in the SEC with a 5-13 record.
"We're not going to have eight or nine years (of rebuilding) here," Davis said. "We've got to improve those (returning) guys. There's talent in that locker room. We've got to individually get their development to go up."
Maybe the most notable portion of Davis' contract is the bump in assistant pay. The salary pool Davis will have to work with has been pushed to $900,000, and two of those positions have already been filled.
Middle Tennessee assistants Win Case and Ronnie Hamilton will come with Davis to Ole Miss. Davis said the third assistant position could be filled by a current member of the Ole Miss staff or they could open up the spot for a national search.
Audrina Patridge and their estranged husband Corey Bohan have reached a living agreement in court.
The former 'Hills' star filed for divorce from the BMX professional last month and obtained a temporary restraining order against them amid allegations they were "emotionally abusive", and they have now agreed to move out of their marital home, which is owned by Audrina.
Although the court did not find that Corey was abusive, the restraining order has been reissued with modifications.
They had been living in the house and refusing to leave but they have now agreed to move out and Audrina - who will move back in with their 14-month-old daughter Kirra - will pay them $35,000 towards relocation costs.
A source told E! News: "Audrina is focusing on their child and really just wants this to be over with. She's happy to be back in their house and has worked hard to create a loving home there for Kirra. They like being in Orange County because she's surrounded and supported by their friends and family."
Corey, 35, has denied the alleged abuse, which the star claimed in court documents.
In the paperwork, they alleged their estranged husband was at home with their daughter one evening, and when they arrived home, they started calling them names, prompting them to head upstairs with their little girl.
However, they claim Corey followed them and then started to tell them how "f***ed up" they are. When they started recording it on video, they alleged they told them to "grow some balls and pull the trigger and file for divorce", before taking their phone and deleting the video.
And Audrina, 32, claimed they were left "shaking" by a separate incident. They alleged that Corey showed up to a beauty event - where Audrina was sat on the panel - and they demanded to know where their daughter was and they claim they told them that they were going to get them
Audrina had been staying with their family following their split.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ST. LOUIS, Mo. - It's time to break out your undies for the 10th annual St. Louis Undy RunWalk, a family-friendly 5K event where people run or walk in their undies to show support and solidarity for colorectal cancer patients, survivors and caregivers.
Christy Fry, St. Louis Undy RunWalk volunteer and colorectal cancer survivor, joins us to talk about the event, which has drawn over 1,000 colorectal cancer survivors and their supporters during the last 10 years. Participants don fun, underwear-themed outfits and even walk through a giant inflatable colon.
The St. Louis Undy RunWalk is hosted by the Colorectal Cancer Alliance, a national nonprofit organization committed to promoting access to screening, conducting innovative research and connecting patients to treatment.
Funds raised from the event will support the Mercy Hospital St. Louis JFK Clinic's work in the community to help the underserved access much-needed colorectal cancer screenings. In 2018 alone, nearly 3,000 Missourians are expected to be diagnosed with colorectal cancer and nearly 1,000 will die from this highly treatable cancer.
The 2018 St. Louis Undy RunWalk is March 24 at Forest Park in the lower Muny parking lot. Onsite registration begins at 7:30 a.m. and the 5K begins at 9 a.m.
For more information or to register online, visit www.UndyRunWalk.org.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Since the conception of remotely piloted aircraft in the 1940s, remarkable Airmen have pushed the limits to ensure success. We must inspire Airmen of tomorrow to recognize unmanned systems as mission critical and to understand that their roles will continue to expand as we work to define their place in modern warfare.
This video is one of 10 videos produced for the Air Force's 70th Anniversary. The theme of the video series is "Breaking barriers since 1947" and each video in the series will highlight a significant milestone in Air Force history.
UltraSurge Muscle Builder
Do UltraSurge Muscle Builder until you have completed at least one complete sentence. Making Circles S UltraSurge Muscle Builder comfortably in a chair and make sure that your knees are supported, forming a 90-degree angle. Lift the left leg and make circles in the clockwise direction for 30
http://firstnutritionfacts.com/ultrasurge-muscle-builder/
SAN ANTONIO — LaMarcus Aldridge had 33 points and 12 rebounds, and the San Antonio Spurs blew a 16-point lead to the injury-ravaged Golden State Warriors before pulling away for an 89-75 victory on Monday night.
The Spurs beat Golden State for the first time in four tries this season and won their fourth straight overall to move into fifth place in the Western Conference, one-half game ahead of idle Utah and New Orleans.
Already without injured All-Stars Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant and Klay Thompson, the Warriors lost Draymond Green in the second quarter to a bruise in the pelvic area. Green took a knee to the groin while defending a drive to the basket by Danny Green.
The Warriors weren't getting any sympathy from a Spurs team that has played without Kawhi Leonard for much of the season.
Golden State still managed to hold the Spurs to 12 points in the third quarter, matching their season low for points in any period.
Two blocked shots propelled the Warriors to their first lead of the game.
JaVale McGee blocked Dejounte Murray's attempted floater and then scored on a dunk to pull Golden State within 59-57 with 2:21 remaining in the third. Quinn Cook tied the game on a jumper after Patrick McCaw came from the weak side defensively to stuff Pau Gasol near the rim. Kevon Looney gave the Warriors the lead at 63-61 on jumper with 2 seconds left in the frame.
Aldridge scored five straight points early in the fourth quarter to help the Spurs recapture a 66-65 advantage. They finished with 17 points in the fourth, including 11 straight that erased a four-point deficit and gave San Antonio a 72-65 lead it would not relinquish.
Cook led Golden State with 20 points, Looney added 12 and Andre Iguodala and Nick Young had 10 each.
Mills finished with 12 points and Danny Green added 11.
Female? 40+? Miserable about your body? Frustrated? Gotta do something about it?
CLICK TO READ:
Reclaim Fit & Healthy:
Don't You Deserve It?
Linda T. Gottlieb
Certified Fitness Pro
30+ Years Experience
www.fittraining.net
Vice President Pence Sends Warning To North Korea Amid Rising Tensions
In South Korea Monday, Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea that U.S. patience was running out with the regime. This came a day after North Korea tried and failed to test a ballistic missile.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
Vice President Mike Pence is in South Korea as part of their trip to Asia. And while there, they sent a warning to North Korea.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
VICE PRESIDENT MIKE PENCE: Just in the past two weeks, the world witnessed the strength and resolve of our new president in actions taken in Syria and Afghanistan. North Korea would do well not to test their resolve or the strength of the Armed Forces of the United States in this region.
SIEGEL: That warning came a day after North Korea tried and failed to test a ballistic missile. There is concern that the country intends to test another nuclear bomb soon. And to discuss the latest developments, we go now to Tokyo, where NPR's Anthony Kuhn is following this visit. And Anthony, first, how was Mike Pence's message invoking Syria and Afghanistan received in the region?
ANTHONY KUHN, BYLINE: Well, we haven't had a response from North Korea yet, Robert. They made their own show of force over the weekend with a military parade showing off various kinds of ballistic missiles and also a test launch that failed. That said, I don't think anyone in this region is under the illusion that the U.S. could do in North Korea what it did in Syria or Afghanistan. North Korea is in a much better position than those countries.
But really this visit by Pence is about strategic reassurance, reassuring allies and pointing to this willingness to use force as one way of doing that. Pence also used language like ironclad and immutable to describe the alliance with South Korea and mentioning the blood that allies have shed together in battle. Of course Mike Pence's father was a Korean War veteran, so that's a personal touch.
SIEGEL: You mentioned Pence speaking of the willingness to use force. Do people hear them saying that military force is likely to be used or that the U.S. has other diplomatic tricks up its sleeve?
KUHN: On this trip so far, Pence has basically repeated the language used by President Trump and Secretary of State Tillerson, and they haven't gone beyond that. One of the messages is that the U.S. wants to resolve this whole issue by peaceful means, but all options, including military ones, are on the table.
Second, they repeated president Trump's words that decades of so-called strategic patience by the U.S. are now over. North Korea cannot be allowed to progress any further one bomber missile tests at a time until they can hit the U.S. mainland with a nuclear-tipped missile. And finally, they repeated Trump's message, which is that the U.S. is encouraged that China is willing to help with the North Korean issue. But if they fail to do so, then the U.S. and its allies will get the job done alone.
SIEGEL: How in that view is it seen that China might help with this problem?
KUHN: Well, at their summit meeting with President Trump this month in Mar-a-Lago, Fla., President Xi Jinping did promise to coordinate and communicate with the U.S. on the North Korean issue. They've already stopped importing coal from North Korea, but they did not appear to offer anything new, at least publicly.
China still has a lot it could do, things that are even more damaging like cutting all oil exports to North Korea. But China's bottom line remains that whatever they do to North Korea, it must not destabilize the country or cause the regime to collapse. So it's not at all certain that they would go as far as, say, cutting off the North's oil supply.
SIEGEL: What's next for Vice President Pence on their Asia tour?
KUHN: Vice President Pence will arrive here in Tokyo Tuesday. He'll be meeting with Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, we believe, and also Vice Prime Minister and Finance Minister Taro Aso to talk about the trade relationship while in Japan. He'll be offering more strategic alliances to the U.S.'s main ally in Asia. And then they go on to other allies and partners, including Australia and Indonesia. Most notably, China is absent for this trip. This is all about the allies in the region.
SIEGEL: That's NPR's Anthony Kuhn. Anthony, thanks.
KUHN: You're welcome, Robert.
Copyright © 2017 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
WWE/Indie News: Io Shirai reportedly set to depart from Stardom
Will The Ace of Stardom finally sign with the WWE?
Soumik Datta ANALYST News 30 May 2018, 16:28 IST 189 Share Options × Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit Google+ Email
Io Shirai
What's the story?
In a recent blog post, top Japanese female Pro Wrestler Io Shirai seemingly confirmed that they have indeed decided to depart from their home promotion of World Wonder Ring Stardom and will be leaving the company very soon in order to pursue the next goal in their Professional Wrestling career.
Only Sportskeeda gives you the latest Wrestling News, rumors and updates.
In case you didn't know…
Io Shirai is one of the most popular Japanese female wrestlers of all time, who is currently working under Japanese Joshi Puroresu promotion of World Wonder Ring Stardom, where they are also considered as the “ace” of the promotion.
Shirai, who has been working for Stardom for almost eight years now, is a record six-time Artist of Stardom Champion and is a former Wonder of Stardom Champion as well. The 27-year-old has previously held numerous other championships in Stardom such as the Goddess of Stardom Championship, High-Speed Championship, SWA Championship, and the World of Stardom Title and has pretty much won it all under the Stardom banner.
In their professional wrestling career, Shirai has also worked in Mexico where they competed for Lucha Libre Triple-A and Lucha Underground as well, as part of the Black Lotus Triad faction along with WWE superstar Kairi Sane and Mayu Iwatani.
The heart of the matter
Earlier on Tuesday morning, Stardom superstar Io Shirai confirmed in a blog post that they are apparently set to finish up their remaining dates with World Wonder Ring Stardom on the 17th of June, 2018.
Shirai, who was originally scheduled to compete at the first annual WWE Mae Young Classic Tournament, is reportedly set to finish their career in Stardom later next month at the Korakuen Hall, where they will compete for the one final time.
"I'm going to leave Stardom for the next step in my pro wrestling career. My last match with Stardom will be on June 17th at Korakuen Hall."- Shirai's blog post read.
As noted, it was recently also reported by Tokyo Sports that Shirai will be heading to WWE after their last show for Stardom and will finally sign a contract with the company, after failing their medicals last spring.
What's next?
Io Shirai is currently expected to make their WWE debut as part of the upcoming WWE: Mae Young Classic II, which takes place later this year.
Would you like to see Io Shirai in the WWE?
Send us news tips at fightclub@sportskeeda.com
TORONTO — The ailing parents of a Canadian man who has spent three decades behind bars in Florida are hoping to make a case for their transfer to Canada directly to the state's governor when they visit Toronto later this month.
In a letter to Gov. Rick Scott, Richard and Carol Davies request a brief meeting so they can ask them personally to sign off on allowing their son, William Russell (Russ) Davies, to serve out their sentence in Canada.
The governor is due to attend an economic conference in late October, where the Davies are hoping they, or a friend of theirs, will be able to catch their attention.
"We are appealing to you as aging parents who only want to see our son back home," the Davies write in the letter obtained by The Canadian Press. "We respectfully request 10 minutes of your time when you are in Toronto to share our story and ask that their transfer back to Canada be approved by you and by the State of Florida."
Russ Davies, 49, of Richmond Hill, Ont., was barely 18 years old in June 1986 when the self-admitted misfit and runaway was accused along with five others of gunning down an acquaintance in Tomoka State Park near Daytona Beach, Fla. Two years later, a jury convicted them of first-degree murder.
A Canadian Press investigation published last year revealed that Davies' trial lasted about seven hours and has been condemned by some legal observers as a sham. The state's key witness — one of their five co-accused who all pleaded out in exchange for probation or short sentences — admitted to being drunk at the time of the crime.
In addition, their public defender Carmen Corrente, now an assistant attorney general, made numerous mistakes at trial, some of which they admitted at the time.
Russ Davies, who has always denied firing the fatal shot, has long sought a transfer to serve out their sentence in Canada. Despite Canada's formal willingness to take them back, Florida has steadfastly refused to let them leave — and they remain in prison 31 years later with little hope for parole.
Their parents, who used to visit them in prison in the Sunshine State, are no longer able to do so due to poor health.
"Our faith has sustained us as we work tirelessly to see the day Russell will be able to come back to Canada to serve out the remainder of their sentence," their letter states. "We pray we will see our son again in our lifetime."
South Korea's Vice Defense Minister Hwang In-moo met Tuesday with Japan's top envoy here, mainly to discuss the North Korea issue, their ministry said.
In the 30-minute talks with Amb. Yasumasa Nagamine, the two exchanged views on the communist nation's nuclear and missile threats.
They agreed on the importance of bilateral and tripartite partnerships also involving the US for an effective response, according to the ministry.
They also noted that Seoul and Japan have been sharing military intelligence without a hitch since they signed a relevant accord last year. The two sides agreed to continue sharing information on the North's provocation, added the ministry.
Their meeting came a day before the ninth session of the Defense Trilateral Talks in Tokyo.
In the deputy defense minister-level gathering, the three regional powers plan to focus on ways to deter Pyongyang from carrying out a nuclear test and further developing its missile program, officials said. (Yonhap)
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you're heading to St Pauls Carnival this weekend, you'll be hoping for good vibes, lively music and, most importantly, wall-to-wall sunshine.
But of course, this being Britain, summer weather is notoriously unreliable and so there's every chance this most colourful of festivals could end up being a damp squib on the day.
The carnival returns to Bristol after a three-year absence on Saturday, July 7, following months of planning and hard work by its organisers.
(Image: Bristol Post)
Its procession will no doubt be the highlight of the day, with dozens of stages and soundsystems also set to get everyone dancing and enjoying the atmosphere all day long. A number of officials after parties will also keep the carnival vibes flowing long into the night.
Bristol has been basking in sunshine and soaring temperatures in recent weeks thanks to the ongoing British heatwave, which is set to continue after a brief dip for several days yet.
But there's one question on the mind of every carnival-goer as the big day approaches: will it be sunny on Saturday?
(Image: Colin Rayner)
Bristol weather forecast for Saturday, July 7:
So far, things look good for St Pauls Carnival weather-wise; in fact, they look excellent.
The Met Office is predicting blazing sunshine in Bristol until around 4pm on Saturday, when things will cloud over slightly into the evening.
Temperatures are expected to reach highs of around 26°C, with a less than five per cent chance of it raining.
The BBC's forecast is even better, as it currently predicts highs of 28°C and sunshine all day long.
Here's hoping the forecasters have (for once) got it right...
Karl Robinson insisted that the play-offs must still be the aim for their Charlton side this season despite Tuesday's 1-0 defeat at Oldham Athletic leaving them nine points off South London rivals Millwall, who sit in sixth place.
“It's harder, but we can't keep saying that,” said the 36-year-old, after Ollie Banks' early strike secured all three points for the Latics.
“I know what I need to do. You can see the frustration. We've got to make sure that we do it in the right way. People have to show that they are going to dedicate their lives to this football club for the last third of the season. That's what they have to say. They're a real good, honest group and work hard everyday. We've got young Joe Aribo still learning the game, Ezri Konsa as well. We've got young kids in the team that are learning.
“If I can keep the group strong and together then next season these players will be the best players. We've got to make sure that we stick behind them.
“I know what needs to happen. Sometimes I can't be honest with you and tell you what I think as I need to get the group competing but I certainly know.”
The Addicks rallied in the second half as they chased an equaliser, and could have been ahead as early as 16 seconds in as Josh Magennis blazed over when clean through.
The Charlton manager once again reiterated that their side have to show a more ruthless streak in front of goal.
“We've been speaking about this quite a lot,” admitted Robinson.
“Every time we score two goals I think we win a game. But we don't do it enough. It's not like tonight we didn't have chances. We've dominated territorially. There's no point just playing football for the sake of it. We created a number of opportunities but we didn't hit the target. We didn't make the keeper make enough saves. It's amazing.
“I've just said to the players in there that there's one or two things I question. I just asked them to be honest. To come to me if there's a problem with what's been before or what's going to be in the future. If they want to come and speak to me and tell me what is right and wrong, come and see me. But expect that back in reverse.
“I think I've got a real honest group of people. But we just don't look ruthless. I always remember playing against Charlton Athletic and you knew you couldn't miss a chance. If they got a chance, you knew they would score.
“It's not just strikers. How many headers did we win from set pieces and not take them chances? We just don't look ruthless.”
Charlton were hard done by just under 15 minutes from the end of the contest when Chris Solly was clearly hauled back when attacking a far-post cross. The referee failed to award a penalty.
“It seems to be every week, I'm becoming like a broken record,” Robinson added.
“It's a blatant penalty. The fans behind the goal can see that. Solly was pushed in the back and it's as blatant as it gets. Overall I thought the referee did quite well tonight. They let a good old tackle go and that's the only one they missed, and it's a crucial one. I can't come to you and start pointing fingers at one aspect of the game, there are bigger issues that that.”
KITCHENER — The NDP campaign, which has been steaming ahead in the polls in recent weeks, hit a speed bump Wednesday when its campaign bus overheated on Highway 402 between Sarnia and London.
The breakdown delayed party leader Andrea Horwath's arrival in Kitchener for a campaign rally at the Schwaben Club by almost an hour. They had been scheduled to arrive at 7 p.m. after a day of campaigning in Windsor, Sarnia and Leamington. The campaign finally arrived around 7:45 p.m. to a crowd of cheering supporters.
"Are you glad we finally made it?" shouted Horwath. "Me too."
The leader spent much of their eight-minute speech throwing barbs at Progressive Conservative Leader Doug Ford and their platform, saying their plan would benefit the rich over the rest of the province.
"You can have a government that gives to the rich … or you can have a government that fixes our health-care system," they said.
The NDP has enjoyed a surge in the polls in recent weeks, and the election could be shaping up to be a two-horse race between the NDP and the Progressive Conservatives.
An Innovative Research Group poll released this week puts NDP support at 36 per cent, compared to 34 per cent for the PC party and 22 per cent for the Liberals.
Despite the NDP rise, the Conservatives are still predicted to win the election based on the number of ridings each party is expected to win. The most recent CBC poll tracker predicts the PCs could win an estimated 69 seats, compared to 53 for the NDP and just two for the Liberals.
Another recent poll released Wednesday, this one from Angus Reid, suggests the electorate is unhappy with their choices ahead of the June 7 election. It found half of Ontario's decided voters will vote strategically to stop another party from winning, instead of voting for the party they want to actually win.
More than half (52 per cent) of NDP voters said they were voting that way because they dislike the other options more than they support the NDP. Almost half (49 per cent) of all PC voters and 42 per cent of Liberal voters had a similar response, according to the poll.
"I really think, again, it comes back to their teammates around him," Maryland coach D.J. Durkin said. "I thought our receivers played phenomenal in that game, our O-line did a great job protecting him, as well as our running backs being effective in the run game and converting on third downs."
RUNNING BACK ROULETTE
With Ohio State running back Mike Weber now fully healthy after a hamstring injury that has dogged them most of the season, Meyer has a pleasant conundrum: How should they divide carries between Weber, a 1,000-yard rusher last season , and dynamic true first-year student J.K. Dobbins, who has piled up the yards as the primary back so far.
Weber played their first completely healthy game of the season against Rutgers, rushing for 44 yards and bullying their way in for three touchdowns.
Meyer said a package of plays is being developed for a scheme that includes both backs in the game at the same time.
CONVERSION RATE
A big key for Maryland last week was its play on third down. The Terps turned a third down into a first-and-10 on nine of 16 occasions last week. Minnesota went 5 for 12.
Duplicating that feat will be important, because the less Maryland sees of the Buckeyes' offence on the field, the better.
"We've got to win on third down and get off the field defensively, and on offence it's how you extend drives," Durkin said. "At the end of the day, you've got to figure out what you can execute on third down in order to stay on the field. We had a good plan put together and our guys executed it."
TRAINER'S ROOM
Ohio State linebacker Chris Worley, who has missed time with a foot injury, is probable for Saturday. Defensive tackle Dre'Mont Jones, who cut themselves in a freak locker room accident and had to have stitches last week, will miss a second game. Backup running back Antonio Williams is questionable.
Also, starting safety Erick Smith will miss their second game for unspecified reasons, which will take a bite out of the depth in the defensive secondary.
___
More AP college football at www.collegefootball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
___
Follow Mitch Stacy at http://twitter.com/mitchstacy
By Mitch Stacy, The Associated Press
South Korea's top court has ordered the government to disclose the results of a probe on pollution detected in ground water near a US Forces Korea garrisons in Seoul, court records showed Tuesday.
The US Army base in Yongsan, central Seoul, has been suspected as the source of oil that has contaminated the nearby water table and land for years.
(Yonhap)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been conducting a purification project since 2003, but petroleum-based contaminants above the standard level have continued to be detected from water near the US base.Upholding a lower court's decision, the Supreme Court ordered the country's environment minister to open to the public the result of its joint probe with the USFK.The two sides agreed in June 2013 to carry out several on-the-spot probes. The first investigation was conducted in May 2015, but the authorities did not reveal the outcome to the public.In August 2015, the Lawyers for a Democratic Society, a group of activist attorneys, filed a petition with a local administrative court seeking disclosure of the information.The Seoul Administrative Court earlier said relevant information should be revealed for the people's right to know."It is hard to say the two countries' ties will be damaged even if the information is disclosed," the administrative court said, adding the concealment could lead to further distrust in the USFK and unnecessary diplomatic issues. (Yonhap)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kevin Friend will referee Manchester United's clash against Arsenal on Sunday.
The official has taken care of 30 games this season and has dished out 60 yellows and one red card.
Friend was the fourth official for Manchester United's 2-1 FA Cup win over Spurs on Saturday.
Their last on-pitch outing came at the Amex last week when they officiated Brighton's 1-1 draw with Tottenham.
Simon Bennett and Eddie Smart will run the lines while Michael Oliver will be the game's fourth official.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters/John Sibley)
Jose Mourinho will be aiming to lead their side to victory to ensure a place in this season's top four.
Arsene Wenger, however, has slightly different concerns.
(Image: Matthew Lewis/Getty Images)
This clash comes between Arsenal's first and second Europa League semi-final legs against Atletico Madrid.
With the top four out of sight, the Frenchman's focus will be very much be on the Spanish outfit.
car description
Land Rover Series 1 80" 1953 Model Year
Built 15th September 1952 and despatch from the factory 18th September 1952. The vehicle was supplied new to Atherstone Garage and Electrical Company Limited, Warwickshire. The vehicle is a very early 1953 model the chassis number is 36100875 making this the 875th RHD Home Market 80" to be built during 1953 production.
The vehicle was first registered 25th September 1952.
This vehicle has been recently recommissioned by ourselves, it formed part of a large collection of Series 1's that we acquired earlier in the year. Other vehicles from the collection will be advertised shortly. The vehicle is presented nicely and has a nice patina, the original cappings have been left unmolested.
BODYWORK
All the bodywork is original including the correct one piece wings, the sidelights are in the correct place and not on the bulkhead which is correct for this model year. None of the bodywork has been molested with aftermarket indicators as so often is the case. The correct style Lucas trafficators are fitted and they have been recently overhauled and are now in fully working order.
The rear tub unlike most Land Rovers is remarkably straight and original in the back and doesn't show any signs of hard use. Rear bench seats can be fitted should the buyer wish.
The bulkhead is exceptionally solid and in great condition. This is an original aluminium bulkhead model and the original supplying dealer is shown on a plaque.
The chassis is in good condition and is original and has been restored to a very high standard having had any necessary outriggers and crossmembers replaced.
INTERIOR
It has a complete set of matching front seats that are the correct square back type for the age of the vehicle. It had also had a new canvas and flaps from Undercover Covers which looks great against the bronze green bodywork. Front and rear mats have also been added which finish off the vehicle well.
There has certainly been no expense spared on this Land Rover and the vehicle has had a thorough recommissioning.
UNDER THE BONNET
The engine bay has been well detailed and finished to a high standard. The restoration includes an overhauled 2 litre engines which is a Spreadbore bore type. The rebuilt 2-litre petrol engine gives huge improvements in reliability and drivability. The later 80" vehicles were all fitted with 2 litre engines and do drive really well with the added power of the 2 litre engine as the 1.6 always seemed a little underpowered particularly on long hills. The original style coil is still fitted and runs very well.
ON THE ROAD
The engine busts into life at the turn of the key. It always starts first time and is a great runner. The vehicle really does pull very well and is a joy to drive.
With the canvas sides rolled up and the door tops off this vehicle really does draw some attention. Especially when you put the windscreen down it really is an experience to drive.
The vehicle will be supplied with a full 12 month MOT. It has a selectable four-wheel drive gearbox which is correct for the vehicle. The gears change up and down as they should and goes through all the gears as it should.
Almost all Series Land Rovers we have had dripped a little oil, some quite a lot, this is the exception though no drips of oil to speak of even after standing for days in the same place. Both front swivels have been replaced with new bearings and seals. The vehicle has benefited from a new fuel tank. The vehicle is fitted with Avon Traction Mileage 6.00 x 16 Tyres which look great and are all in good condition with no cracking and plenty of tread left.
SUMMARY
This is a fantastic example of a Series 1 that is very useable whilst not in concours condition this is a very good value for money vehicle. Which is ready to use and enjoy this summer.
This is one of the best value for money 1953 80" we have ever had the opportunity to own. This Land Rover has obviously been cared for and cherished by its previous owners. It is a fantastic example that requires no work and is ready to use and enjoy.
If you are an investor, then you will already know how these vehicles have appreciated over the last 5 years some doubling and others even tripling in value.
This a very honest 65 year old Series Land Rover. What you see is what you get it looks and drives exactly as it should. You will have to go a long way to find a better vehicle.
Any questions please do not hesitate to contact us to discuss the vehicle.
Opportunities to purchase a genuine 1953 model don't often come up so please don't miss this one.
Try our new free valuations service http://www.williamsclassics.co.uk/valuations/
http://www.williamsclassics.co.uk
Any trail or inspection welcome, Credit and debit cards accepted, Delivery can also be arranged, P/X welcome, Any enquires please call 01745 798681 or 078255 87155.
