PARIS, April 9 France's oldest nuclear power reactor will stop electricity production by April 2020, once a new generation EPR reactor under construction in Flamanville is operational, according to a decree issued in the country's official gazette on Sunday.
The closure of Fessenheim, in northeastern France, was a 2012 electoral promise by French President Francois Hollande, who had promised to curb French dependency on nuclear power by shutting down the reactor during their five-year term, while developing other renewable energy sources.
But this was opposed by workers and executives at plant operator EDF as well as opposition parties and some candidates in the French April-May presidential election.
EDF board members authorised its chief executive to seek a decree from the government to keep Fessenheim open at least until six months before the start-up of the new reactor at the company's Flamanville site.
"The decree repeals, at the request of the operator, the authorisation to operate the Fessenheim nuclear power plant owned by EDF, from date of entry into service of the Flamanville 3 EPR reactor," the decree said.
It said Flamanville 3 was expected to enter into production by April 2020 at the latest, and so as to respect France's legal ceiling of 63.2 gigawatts of power from nuclear sources, Fessenheim would have to halt production.
The decree to shut down the 1,800 megawatts Fessenheim plant operated by the state-controlled utility in eastern France, came a few days after the company's board decided not to vote to immediately halt production.
The decree is in line with the board's decision that authorised its chief executive to seek government approval to keep Fessenheim open at least until six months before the start-up of Flamanville 3. (Reporting by Bate Felix. Editing by Jane Merriman)
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
DHARAMSALA, India, March 28 India captain Virat Kohli declared that their friendship with Australia's cricketers was over after their team triumphed 2-1 in the acrimonious four-test series between the world's top two test teams on Tuesday.
Despite their struggles with the bat, and an injury that kept them out of the final test, Kohli has remained in the eye of a raging storm since criticising counterpart Steve Smith, who acknowledged they had a 'brain fade' in the second test.
Smith had gestured to the dressing room seeking guidance on whether to review an umpiring decision in the Bengaluru test, although Australia dismissed Kohli's allegation that the tourists had committed several such breaches of the rules.
The feisty India captain sustained a shoulder injury in the third test in Ranchi, where they were mocked by Australian Glenn Maxwell who clutched their shoulder after diving to save a boundary just like Kohli had done before hurting himself.
The bad blood spilled in the final test at Dharamsala too.
India's Ravindra Jadeja exchanged words with Australian stumper Matthew Wade while Smith, according to the Cricket Australia website, was seen on TV mouthing abuse after Murali Vijay did not catch Josh Hazlewood cleanly but still appealed.
NOT FRIENDS
Kohli, asked if they still remained on friendly terms with the Australian cricketers, as they had said before the series, said, "No, it has changed. I thought that was the case, but it has changed for sure.
"As I said, in the heat of the battle you want to be competitive but I've been proven wrong.
"The thing I said before the first test, that has certainly changed and you won't hear me say that ever again."
Smith's tone was more conciliatory as the Australia skipper apologised for their outburst after their team's eight-wicket defeat at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium.
"I have sort of been very intense in my own little bubble, and at times I have let my emotions and actions just falter a little bit throughout this series and I apologise for that," Smith said.
"That's a big stride for me moving forward and something I can really learn from and continue to grow as an individual and as a leader."
The 27-year-old, however, was upset that the media team of the Indian cricket board (BCCI) posted the video of the Jadeja-Wade spat on social media.
"I was a little bit disappointed that the BCCI sits through the archive to find a conversation out in the field that was happening between Matty and Jadeja.
"It happened between both sides throughout the series. The fact that they have done that to us is a little bit disappointing. I think usually what's said on the field stays on the field." (Editing by Ken Ferris)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 13 China Huishan Dairy Holdings Company Ltd
* Until time as board able to ascertain updated position of co's financial position, trading suspension will remain in place
* Would like to announce that Deloitte Advisory (Hong Kong) Limited has been engaged on 13 April 2017 as an independent financial advisor Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
""It is not possible to make a sound decision or to participate in society without being informed about one's options, opportunities, and rights.""
2016 Annual Report European Youth Information and Counselling Agency
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Nobel Peace Prize winner Nelson Mandela once wrote, “The Olympics has the power to change the world. It has the power to unite people in a way that little else does.” But more than just “to unite,” countries that have ever bid or hosted the Olympics understand that sporting events can be leveraged to fulfill various strategic goals for their country.
A case in point is the 2008 Beijing Olympics – that huge coming-out party that to this day continues to reap political and economic gains for China many years after the event. The $41-billion price tag to host the games was due in part to fast-tracking infrastructure projects, which China would have expended at some future time anyway. With six months to go before the 2018 Pyeong Chang Winter Olympics, Korea lost no time in promoting the event in airports, thoroughfares and even in some of their public toilets. Aside from the railway system built traversing through the country's premier winter sports venues, Korea will introduce for the first time the 5G internet speed technology, which is the result of the consortium between various European and Korean telcos—a true display of technological might.
The groundwork for the Southeast Asian Games 2019 proved to be promising as it sought to follow a similar trajectory, albeit more modest in scale. The local government of Davao was beginning to earmark for the building and rehabilitation of venues and lodging facilities, to name a few. But all that may have come to a grinding halt when Malacañang gave the “no-funds” dictum even after committing to host the event just the year prior.
During my heyday as an athlete, it seemed like the Philippine-hosted SEA Games 2005 took less than a year to organize (for whatever reason). But thanks to the pooling of efforts by the government, local government units, the private sector, and the public at large, SEA Games 2005 is still our most successful tourney to date.
Why then the rush to pull out from an event that is two years away? There is certainly more than meets the eye than what's being stated. Is it really financial capability or managerial capability that is in question here? If the SEA Games 2005 event was any gauge, admittedly, it was done in haste to expedite a commitment. There were no known metrics, benchmarks or any introspective post-evaluation with which to measure the impact of the event to the country overall. In addition are allegations of non-liquidation of funds by the Philippine Olympic Committee (POC) for the last SEA Games amounting to at least $500,000. And as with every co-terminus leadership, any plans for long-term sport development usually ran the risk of not seeing the light of day come the next administration.
In the aftermath of the Philippine Sports Commission's (PSC) unilateral announcement to forego the hosting of the SEA Games 2019, it is apparent that the POC is not giving up just yet. But it begs the question whether or not we are doomed to repeat the same mistakes and missed opportunities, given the same set of characters at the helm of the country's sport leadership.
Perhaps the sport manager in me believes that SEA Games 2019 should still be a “go.” Because knowing all that we know now should be the impetus to make the next SEA Games a better deal for all of us, especially in galvanizing (and uniting!) our nation for all the right reasons that host countries take advantage of these sporting events.
Any prudent manager realizes that for every crisis, there is opportunity. In fact, the SEA Games can be a highly significant platform, in conjunction with other necessary modes of intervention, to bolster the rehabilitation in Mindanao during the post-Marawi conflict scenario. We have not even begun to explore the revenue generating activities and public-private partnerships still to be had. Holding such events will also build upon our capacity to host more mega events more competently in the future.
For now, the premature pullout, with the stated reasons for it, has meted our country another political blow in our already precarious image internationally. The apparent standoff between the two sports governing bodies seriously undermines the athletes and the sports that they are mandated to uphold.
Sport is a matter of national interest and national interest always trumps politics and personal biases.
Geraldine Go Bernardo is a lecturer at the Management and Organization Department of the Ramon V. del Rosario College of Business of De La Salle University.  They are a 2005 double-SEAG gold medalist for the National Dragon Boat Women's Team and the first female executive director of the Philippine Sports Commission (PSC) during the Aquino administration. They will be organizing the very first Sport Business Convergence (SportBizCon) international event slated for a September 2018 run, in Manila, Philippines, under the auspices of the Asian Association for Sport Management (AASM).
BRIEF-LightInTheBox Holding Co Q1 non-GAAP net loss per ADS $0.01
* Says total orders of product sales were 1.6 million for Q1 of 2017, compared with 1.7 million in same quarter of 2016
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The NFL logo is seen on a trailer parked near the New Meadowlands Stadium where the New York Jets and New York Giants NFL football teams play home games in East Rutherford, New Jersey, March 14, 2011. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Amazon.com Inc will live-stream games for the U.S. National Football League this year, a company spokesperson said on Tuesday, marking a high-profile push by the online retailer to attract fans to its Prime shopping and video-playback club.
As part of the deal, Amazon will stream 10 Thursday-night games online for Prime members exclusively. The same games will be broadcast by networks CBS and NBC on television.
Amazon beat out Twitter Inc, Facebook Inc and Google's YouTube for the digital distribution rights, according to a person familiar with the matter. The Seattle-based company agreed to pay the NFL five times what Twitter spent on the rights last year, which was reported to be $10 million, the person said.
Amazon declined to comment on the deal's price tag.
The deal underscores a key strategy Amazon has to win a greater share of shoppers' wallets: offer benefits like fast shipping and video-streaming so people sign up for Prime and, consequently, turn to Amazon for more of their purchases.
While the Seattle-based company has streamed live events in the past, the NFL may be its biggest stage yet, and reflects Amazon's push beyond its mainstay of on-demand video.
Sports fans are increasingly relying on the internet to watch content at the expense of traditional cable and satellite connections. Twitter attracted 243,000 viewers on average during its NFL livestream debut last year.
"The NFL was a great partner to launch our strategy and we will continue to work with them to bring great content to our passionate sports fans," the social media company said in a statement.
News of the deal with Amazon was earlier reported by technology news site Recode.
(Additional Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru and David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Stephen Coates)
March 30 WISeKey International Holding Ltd :
* On Wednesday WISeKey announced that the respective boards of directors of WISeKey and OpenLimit Holding AG have decided that discussions in relation to a possible merger transaction between WISeKey and OpenLimit as previously announced on July 25, 2016 are not being further pursued
* Current interim financing provided by WISeKey to OpenLimit in a principal amount of 750,000 euros ($806,400.00) will, in accordance with applicable terms of a convertible loan agreement, be converted into OpenLimit Shares issued by OpenLimit out of its existing authorized share capital
* Conversion price will be 0.3736 euro
* WISeKey will thus receive 2,007,494 newly issued fully fungible listed OpenLimit shares representing – post issuance of these new shares – a 8.4 percent stake in OpenLimit on an issued share basis
Source text - bit.ly/2ojC6RD
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9301 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
AIRSHOW-CDB in talks with Boeing, Airbus ahead of Le Bourget
PARIS, June 15 CDB Aviation, the aircraft leasing arm of China Development Bank, is in talks to place orders with both Boeing and Airbus and could complete at least one of the deals by as early as next week's Paris Airshow, two people familiar with the matter said.
(Repeats with no changes. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters)
* tmsnrt.rs/2o5ENZz
By Andy Home
LONDON, March 29 Has the copper price rally which started so spectacularly late last year run out of momentum?
The London Metal Exchange (LME) price, basis three-month delivery, hit a nine-month high of $6,204 per tonne last month, since when it has churned in a broadly directionless range below the $6,000 level.
This is all the more surprising given the severity of the supply-side hits that have been grabbing the headlines.
The strike at the world's largest mine, Escondida in Chile, has ended. But at 43 days it was longer than expected and, factoring in a gradual ramp-up to full production, is going to translate into some 230,000-240,000 tonnes of lost output, analysts reckon.
The world's second largest mine, Grasberg in Indonesia, is operating at only 40 percent of capacity due to an increasingly acrimonious dispute between operator Freeport McMoRan and the Indonesian government.
Cerro Verde, another huge copper mine in Peru also operated by Freeport, is also seeing protracted strike action, albeit with uncertain impact on output levels.
And yet the copper price seems uninterested.
This is, simply put, because there is a lot of the stuff around.
Global exchange stocks of copper have surged by around 167,000 tonnes so far this month to 750,000 tonnes, the highest level since mid-2013.
Physical premiums everywhere are bombed out at extremely low levels.
It all seems confusingly counter-intuitive until you factor in a hidden supply surge in the form of scrap metal.
OUT OF THE SHADOWS
Scrap plays an important role in all industrial metal markets but it is a notoriously opaque part of the supply chain.
Although it ends up being refined into new metal by big operators such as Germany's Aurubis, its collection and storage is handled by a host of much smaller entities, many of them still family-operated even in the developed world.
That means there is much statistical darkness as to what is actually happening in this part of the market.
But the surest signal is price.
Graphic on U.S. copper scrap pricing:
tmsnrt.rs/2o5ENZz
Scrap copper is priced as a discount to the primary copper price, whether that be the one traded on the LME or the CME in the U.S.
And those discounts flexed sharply wider when the copper price rallied over the course of October and November last year.
According to assessments by S&P Global Platts, No.1 bare bright, the highest-purity form of copper scrap, traded at flat to the CME price in the second quarter of last year but flexed out to a discount of nine cents per lb ($198 per tonne) in November.
The discount for No.2 scrap, typically containing 94-96 percent copper, followed the same pattern, widening from 20-21 cents per lb in the middle of 2016 to 40 cents at the start of 2017.
The price patterns imply a surge in supply, triggered by the improvement in outright pricing.
Further evidence comes from China, the world's largest buyer of copper scrap, just as it is the world's largest buyer of mine concentrates and refined metal.
Scrap import volumes rose by 24 percent to 549,000 tonnes (bulk weight, not contained copper) in January-February, a noteworthy break of a long-running trend of falling imports.
And Aurubis itself, which is one of Europe's biggest copper scrap processors, told analysts on its Q4 2016 conference call that it is filled up with scrap until the end of the second quarter of this year.
HOW SCRAP BALANCES THE MARKET
Everything points to a wall of copper scrap hitting the market over the last few months.
And this is typical of how scrap supply behaves.
The small and fractured nature of the scrap supply chain mitigates against sophisticated price hedging.
Rather, when the price falls, scrap dealers simply stop selling, releasing accumulated stocks only when the price recovers and they can sell at a profit again.
This collective behaviour means scrap supply dwindles in a falling price environment and surges in a higher one, effectively acting as a balancing mechanism on rapid price moves in either direction.
It also directly impacts both copper production and consumption.
With better availability, copper refiners such as Aurubis can lift the amount of refined metal they produce from scrap.
But many fabricators, such as brass and rod mills, also have the ability to feed scrap directly into their product mix, displacing some of their requirement for refined copper cathode.
They will only do so if the price is right. And with those wide discounts still holding in the United States, the price is currently right.
HIDDEN SURGE
Unlike the wall of mine supply that washed over the copper market last year, this wall of scrap is much harder to track and quantify.
But one analyst, David Wilson at Citi, suggests that scrap supply feeding into both the production and consumption sides of the copper market balance ledger may increase by as much as a million tonnes this year relative to last. ("Copper - miners strike down any hope of a supply surge in 2017", March 28, 2017)
That eclipses Citi's calculation of 375,000 tonnes of mine copper supply lost to disruption so far this year.
And even though Citi and other analysts are collectively raising their "disruption allowance" calculations for global copper mine supply this year, the impact would still be largely mitigated by scrap if Wilson's estimate is anywhere near correct.
But there is a sting in this scrap tale.
The current wave of scrap permeating the copper supply chain is by its very nature a one-off phenomenon.
Once stocks of material accumulated during the weak price environment of 2015-2016 are released, that will be it.
Until the effects are fully played out, however, scrap is going to remain an important market balancing mechanism, smoothing the anticipated transition from supply surplus to supply deficit in the copper market.
(Editing by David Evans)
April 20 (Reuters) -
* Tesla voluntarily recalls around 53k 2016 model S and model X vehicles- TechCrunch
* Tesla will be filing the recall with NHTSA, and expects to have all parts needed to make the swap by October of this year-TechCrunch
* Tesla is recalling the vehicles for a potential manufacturing issue with the parking brake - TechCrunch
Source text: tcrn.ch/2pjyIK4
Further company coverage:
May 3 Marathon Gold Corp:
* Marathon Gold announces $15 million bought deal offering of common shares and flow-through shares
* Marathon Gold -agreement with RBC capital markets as per which syndicate of underwriters led by RBC to buy co's flow-through common shares, common shares
* Marathon Gold - RBC led underwriters to buy, on a bought-deal basis, 8 million flow-through common shares of co at a price of $1.25 per flow-through share
* RBC led underwriters to buy, on a bought-deal basis, 4.85 million common shares of co at a price of $1.03 per common share
* Marathon Gold - intends to use net proceeds of offering of common shares to continue exploration and development of valentine lake gold project Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
America's Recording Academy president Neil Portnow has denied Beyonce's losing out on the top prizes at the Grammy Awards was due to racial bias.
The Formation singer, 35, won the Best Urban Contemporary Album and Best Music Video prizes at Sunday's ceremony but lost to Adele in the prestigious Record, Song and Album of the Year categories.
With their unexpected loss meaning no female African-American artist has won in the Album of the Year category since Lauryn Hill in 1999, fans and musicians including Beyonce's sister Solange and St. Vincent have accused Recording Academy voters of being biased against non-white artists.
Sufjan Stevens burns the Grammys over @Beyonce snub https://t.co/xdflfjXR1G — Pitchfork (@pitchfork) February 14, 2017
Portnow has denied the claims however, saying that members of their organisation are experts who are unswayed by the race of an artist.
“No, I don't think there's a race problem at all,” they told Pitchfork Media. “Remember, this is a peer-voted award. So when we say the Grammys, it's not a corporate entity - it's the 14,000 members of the Academy.
Grammys' Portnow: "You don't get Chance the Rapper as Best New Artist if you have a membership that isn't diverse" https://t.co/N3BCb7Mxpn — Pitchfork (@pitchfork) February 14, 2017
“They have to qualify in order to be members, which means they have to have recorded and released music, and so they are sort of the experts and the highest level of professionals in the industry.”
Even Adele was shocked to beat Beyonce, whose pioneering visual album Lemonade was hailed by critics as one of 2016's defining cultural moments.
Defending the Academy's members from the accusations, Portnow added, “We don't, as musicians, in my humble opinion, listen to music based on gender or race or ethnicity. When you go to vote on a piece of music - at least the way that I approach it - is you almost put a blindfold on and you listen.”
The Recording Academy Chief cited Chance the Rapper's win in the Best New Artist category as evidence voters honoured musicians of all backgrounds.
They also denied their organisation needed a membership shake-up like the one the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) chiefs embarked upon after no non-white actors were nominated at the 2016 Oscars.
“Well, they may have had a problem,” they explained. “We don't have that kind of issue in that same fashion.”
STOCKHOLM, March 31 Iceland said on Friday it plans to hike taxes on the booming tourism sector while cutting general value-added taxes, a move it expects to lower inflation and could possibly pave the way for monetary policy easing by the central bank.
The prime minister had said on Thursday that cutting interest rates was of extreme importance to households and businesses as the country emerges from capital controls introduced during the 2008 financial crisis.
In a fiscal plan for the next five years, the Finance Ministry said the planned tax changes was seen lowering consumer prices by 0.4 percent.
Only days after Iceland lifted capital controls this month, the central bank left interest rates unchanged at 5.0 percent and hinted it may lower them soon if an end of the curbs did not undermine the country's currency.
Taxes on most types of tourism will be hiked to the general VAT rate, effective July 1 next year or 15 months after an announcement is made, while that general level will be cut to 22.5 percent from currently 24.0 percent from Jan. 1, 2019.
Tourism sectors such as hotels and whale-watching tours are now taxed at 11 percent.
A surge in tourism has helped fuel an economic boom with growth hitting 7.2 percent last year, raising concerns of overheating.
The Finance Ministry also said a carbon tax which it said was low by international standards would be doubled and that the government would consider cutting payroll taxes when warranted by conditions.
(Reporting by Daniel Dickson; Editing by Simon Johnson and Alison Williams)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
April 20 Csx Corp
* Sets quarterly dividend of $0.20per share
* Csx corporation announces dividend increase, new share repurchase program and full-year guidance
* Csx corp - 11 percent increase in its quarterly dividend
* Csx corp - expects to realize record efficiency gains and a step-function improvement in financial measures for year
* Csx corp - adjusting for restructuring charges in 2017, actions are expected to drive a full-year operating ratio in mid-60s
* Csx corp says expects to complete share repurchase by end of q1 of 2018
* Csx corp says csx now expects to invest $2.1 billion in 2017, including approximately $270 million for positive train control
* Csx - adjusting for restructuring charges in 2017, actions expected to drive eps growth of around 25 percent off 2016 reported base of $1.81
* Csx corp - adjusting for restructuring charges in 2017, actions are expected to drive free cash flow before dividends of around $1.5 billion Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
WASHINGTON The U.S. House voted on Tuesday 215-205 to repeal regulations requiring internet service providers to do more to protect customers' privacy than websites like Alphabet Inc's Google or Facebook Inc.
The White House said earlier Tuesday that President Donald Trump strongly supports the repeal of the rules approved by the Federal Communications Commission in October under then-President Barack Obama.
Under the rules, internet providers would need to obtain consumer consent before using precise geolocation, financial information, health information, children's information and web browsing history for advertising and marketing.
Last week, the Senate voted 50-48 to reverse the rules in a win for AT&T Inc, Comcast Corp and Verizon Communications Inc.
The White House in its statement said internet providers would need to obtain affirmative "opt-in" consent from consumers to use and share certain information, but noted that websites are not required to get the same consent. "This results in rules that apply very different regulatory regimes based on the identity of the online actor," the White House said.
Websites are governed by a less restrictive set of privacy rules overseen by the Federal Trade Commission.
FCC chairperson Ajit Pai in a statement praised the decision of Congress to overturn "privacy regulations designed to benefit one group of favored companies over another group of disfavored companies." Last week, Pai said consumers would have privacy protections even without the Obama internet provider rules, but critics say they will weaker.
The American Civil Liberties Union, which opposes the measure, said companies "should not be able to use and sell the sensitive data they collect from you without your permission."
An Internet & Television Association statement called the repeal "an important step toward restoring consumer privacy protections that apply consistently."
One critic of the repeal, Craig Aaron, president of Free Press advocacy group, said major Silicon Valley companies shied away from the fight over the rules because they profit from consumer data.
"There are a lot of companies that are very concerned about drawing attention to themselves and being regulated on privacy issues, and are sitting this out in a way that they haven't sat out previous privacy issues," Aaron said.
Representative Michael Capuano, a Massachusetts Democrat, said Tuesday that Comcast could know their personal information because they looked up their mother's medical condition and their purchase history. "Just last week I bought underwear on the internet. Why should you know what size I take? Or the color?" Capuano asked. "They are going to sell it to the underwear companies."
Comcast declined to comment.
Representative Michael Burgess, a Texas Republican, said the rules "unfairly skews the market in favor" of websites that are free to collect data without consent.
Republican commissioners, including Pai, said in October that the rules would unfairly give websites like Facebook, Twitter Inc or Google the ability to harvest more data than internet service providers and thus further dominate digital advertising. The FCC earlier this month delayed the data rules from taking effect.
(Reporting by David Shepardson. Additional reporting by David Ingram and Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Grant McCool)
A general view of Shanghai's financial district of Pudong is seen in Shanghai, China April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
FILE PHOTO: A container truck drives past the container area at the Yangshan Deep Water Port, part of the newly announced Shanghai Free Trade Zone, south of Shanghai September 26, 2013. REUTERS/Carlos Barria/File Photo
BEIJING China's 2017 export outlook brightened considerably on Thursday as it reported forecast-beating trade growth in March and as U.S. President Donald Trump softened their anti-China rhetoric in an abrupt policy shift.
Washington's improving ties with Beijing were underscored when Trump told the Wall Street Journal in an interview on Wednesday that they would not declare China a currency manipulator as they had pledged to do on their first day in office.
The comments were an about-face from Trump's campaign promises, which had rattled China and other Asian exporters, and came days after their first meeting with President Xi Jinping where they pressed China to help rein in North Korea.
China's exports rose at the fastest pace in a little more than two years in March, climbing 16.4 percent from a year earlier in a further sign that global demand is improving, the customs office reported on Thursday.
"There are increased signs of warming up in the global economy", which helped China's steady growth in the first quarter, Yan Pengcheng, a spokesperson for the country's top economic planning agency, told a news conference.
Import growth remained strong at 20.3 percent, driven by the country's voracious appetite for oil, copper, iron ore, coal and soybeans, whose volumes all surged from February despite worries about rising inventories.
China's crude oil imports hit a record high of nearly 9.2 million barrels per day, overtaking the United States.
The stronger trade data reinforced the growing view that economic activity in China has remained resilient or is even picking up, adding oomph to a global manufacturing revival, though analysts say growth in imports could slow.
"Right now domestic demand is still quite stable and robust. But the ultimate driver actually is property investment (which) we expect to slow," Nomura economist Yang Zhao said.
Zhao expects import growth will moderate to the high-single digits in the second quarter.
Imports had surged 38 percent in February while exports unexpectedly dipped, but China's data in the first two months of the year can be heavily skewed by the timing of the Lunar New Year holidays, when many businesses shut for a week or more.
Analysts polled by Reuters had expected March exports to have increased by 3.2 percent from a year earlier, a rebound from a 1.3 percent drop in February.
Imports had been forecast to rise 18.0 percent, after surging 38.1 percent in February.
China reported a trade surplus of $23.93 billion (£19.05 billion) for March.
Analysts had expected the trade balance to return to a surplus of $10.0 billion in March, after it reported its first trade gap in three years in February.
SOLID FIRST QUARTER TRADE PERFORMANCE
China's exports in the first quarter of the year rose 8.2 percent from the same period last year, while imports surged by 24.0 percent. The first-quarter surplus was $65.61 billion.
Despite the strong readings, China's customs office said the trade situation remains complicated and that challenges facing exporters are not short-term.
A shadow has fallen over the trade relationship between China and the United States, its largest export market, as Trump has railed against the massive trade imbalance between the two countries, which was $347 billion in favour of China last year.
China's exports to the U.S. rose 19.7 percent in March on-year, while imports from the U.S. rose 15.1 percent.
But China's trade surplus with U.S. remained high in the first quarter at $49.6 billion, down only slightly from $50.57 billion in the year-ago period.
Customs spokesperson Huang Songping said on Thursday that better communication between China and the United States will benefit trade and investment between the two countries.
Trump urged Xi to help reduce the gap at last week's meeting, with the countries agreeing to a 100-day plan for trade talks aimed at boosting U.S. exports and reducing China's surplus with the United States.
"The risk of an explicit trade war has waned subsequent to the Trump-Xi summit," economists at ANZ said in a note.
But uncertainties remain, with rising tension on the Korean peninsula leading Trump to link trade negotiations to China's actions with regards to North Korea's nuclear weapons programme.
Despite Trump's comments backing away from labelling China a currency manipulator, many analysts reckon the new administration is just beginning to flex its trade muscles with Beijing and other major trading partners.
The U.S. launched a probe to determine whether imports of Chinese aluminium foil should be subject to anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on March 27.
China's economic growth remained stable in the first quarter of 2017, but it's too early to tell whether it can be sustained, the National Development and Reform Commision (NDRC) said on Thursday.
China will report first-quarter growth data on April 17, along with March industrial output, investment and retail sales.
Analysts polled by Reuters forecast China's economy likely grew by a solid 6.8 percent in the quarter, the same pace as the previous quarter, due to sustained government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying housing market which is feeding a months-long construction boom.
But it is widely expected to lose steam later in the year as the impact of earlier stimulus starts to fade and as local authorities step up their battle to rein in hot housing prices.
If sustained, stronger exports could cushion some of the impact from any softening in domestic demand.
(Reporting by Yawen Chen and Elias Glenn; Additional reporting by Kevin Yao; Editing by Kim Coghill)
UPDATE 1-Sky and Virgin Media join forces for targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media will team up to offer advertisers access to more than 30 million TV viewers in Britain and Ireland.
(In April 5 BRIEF, corrects proceeds amount in headline to "$2 mln" from "$12 mln")
April 5 Enforcer Gold Corp:
* Enforcer Gold announces non-brokered private placement
* Announced its intent to complete a non-brokered private placement financing for gross proceeds of up to $2 million
* As per offering, company expects to issue up to 4 million flow-through shares at a price of $0.25 per flow through share
* Proceeds from sale of flow-through shares will be used for Canadian exploration expenses, to be renounced for current taxation year
* As per offering, company also expects to issue up to 5 million units at a price of $0.20 per unit Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin arrives at 2017 Institute of International Finance (IIF) policy summit in Washington, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin speaks at 2017 Institute of International Finance (IIF) policy summit in Washington, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin leaves the 2017 Institute of International Finance (IIF) policy summit in Washington, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON The Trump administration will unveil a tax reform plan very soon and expects it will be approved by Congress this year whether a healthcare overhaul happens or not, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Thursday.
"It will be soon, very soon," Mnuchin told a conference on the sidelines of the IMF and World Bank spring meetings in Washington.
Mnuchin said the Treasury was working on tax reform options "day and night" but they gave few specifics. "It will be sweeping, it will be significant and it will create a lot of economic growth," they said.
President Donald Trump campaigned on promises to lower taxes and boost economic growth. Trump, who took office in January, suffered a setback last month when the Republican-controlled Congress pulled a proposal to overhaul health care rules that would have generated savings for public coffers.
Trump has since said the administration will continue trying to replace health care legislation enacted by their predecessor, Barack Obama, though Mnuchin said tax reform will move forward even if health laws stay the same.
"Whether health care gets done or health care doesn't get done, we're going to get tax reform done," they said,
Trump's tax plan would lower rates but most of the revenue lost under that plank of the reform would be gained back by boosting economic growth, Mnuchin said. "The plan will pay for itself with growth."
(Reporting by Jason Lange and Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
(Adds arrival in Khartoum)
JUBA, March 30 South Sudanese rebels said on Thursday they had freed three oil workers from Pakistan and India that their fighters had seized earlier this month.
The three were released on the orders of the rebels' leader, former vice president Riek Machar, their SPLA-IO group said.
The Pakistani national worked for DAR, a consortium including China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC), China's Sinopec and Malaysia's Petronas, in Upper Nile state.
The two Indians working for South Sudan's petroleum ministry were kidnapped in northeast Maiwut county.
The three men were flown to Khartoum via Addis Ababa after their release, a Sudanese foreign ministry official told reporters at Khartoum airport when the oil workers arrived.
They said Sudan and Ethiopia had contacted the rebels, at the request of India and Pakistan, to secure the freedom of their nationals.
One of the released men said their rebel captors had told them to pass a message to foreign oil companies to stop operating in South Sudan because oil revenues were being used to fund war.
SPLA-IO deputy spokesperson Lam Paul Gabriel said there were no orders given in relation to locals who were seized alongside the foreigners and they would continue to be held.
South Sudan, which split away from Sudan in 2011 after decades of conflict, has been mired in civil war since President Salva Kiir sacked Machar in 2013.
The fighting has forced millions to flee their homes, split much of the population along ethnic lines and paralysed agriculture, leaving the country facing famine, according to the United Nations. (Reporting by Denis Dumo in Juba and Khalid Abdelaziz in Khartoum; Writing by Duncan Miriri and Dominic Evans; Editing by Andrew Heavens and Hugh Lawson)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
BRASILIA Brazil's central bank made its deepest cut to interest in nearly eight years on Wednesday and signaled it might continue its aggressive easing to revive an economy still reeling from its deepest recession ever.
In a unanimous vote, the central bank's 9-member monetary policy committee, known as Copom, decided to reduce its benchmark Selic rate by 100 basis points to 11.25 percent, its lowest level in nearly two years. That marked the biggest reduction since June of 2009 and followed cuts at the last four meetings.
President Michel Temer celebrated the move on Twitter, but a new corruption investigation into a third of their cabinet has the potential to derail their austerity reforms and limit the scope of further interest rate cuts.
Despite calls from some politicians and business leaders for the central bank to be even more aggressive, the committee suggested it would keep up the current pace of rate cuts for now.
"The committee considers the current pace of easing to be appropriate; however, the current economic context calls for monitoring the developments of the determinants of the degree of frontloading of the cycle," the bank said in its decision statement.
Some analysts, however, believe the bank may have to opt for an even bigger rate cut in the future if inflation continued to surprise on the upside and the economy remained sluggish.
"The bank is saying the pace is appropriate at this moment, but they left the door half-open to eventually intensify the pace of rate cuts," said Alberto Ramos, an economist with Goldman Sachs, adding that they expected two more rate cuts of 100 basis points each.
The bank raised its 2017 inflation forecast in a market scenario to 4.1 percent from 4.0 percent in its quarterly inflation report, but kept its 2018 inflation forecast at 4.5 percent.
A weak recovery after two years of recession has slowed inflation and raised pressure on Temer to pass reforms to rebalance public accounts and bring back investors.
Eight of their ministers were placed under investigation on Tuesday, casting doubts about Temer's ability to approve a landmark pension reform, a process likely to dictate the pace of future rate cuts.
For the first time the central bank highlighted the approval of the reforms as a risk to inflation, suggesting a failure to approve the pension proposal could limit the scale of its easing cycle.
In a telephone interview with Reuters earlier on Wednesday, Finance Minister Henrique Meirelles acknowledged the approval of the reform could be delayed until August.
Brazil's economy has contracted nearly 8 percent in two years, driving consumer inflation to the 4.5 percent mid-point of the official target after reaching double digits in 2016.
Inflation expectations have also eased dramatically, convincing Temer it was time to reduce the inflation target for 2019 to bolster their administration's credibility.
Lower inflation has allowed central bank chief Ilan Goldfajn to concentrate on growth, with economists forecasting the Selic falling as low as 8.50 percent by the end of the year.
(Reporting by Alonso Soto; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Andrew Hay)
April 20 Celestica Inc
* Celestica announces first quarter 2017 financial results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.16
* Q1 revenue $1.47 billion versus i/b/e/s view $1.45 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.28 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $0.29
* Sees q2 2017 revenue $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion
* Celestica inc sees non-ifrs adjusted earnings per share to be in range of $0.29 to $0.35 for quarter ending june 30, 2017
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.32, revenue view $1.53 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FOREX-Commodity bloc rally deepens in wait for Fed
LONDON, June 14 The dollar steadied on Wednesday ahead of a Federal Reserve policy statement widely expected to raise interest rates for the third time in six months but also to signal doubts over how soon it may make its next move.
WASHINGTON May 2 United Airlines Chief Executive Oscar Munoz will tell the U.S. Congress on Tuesday they are taking responsibility for a series of failures that led to the April 9 forced removal of a passenger from a Chicago airplane that prompted worldwide condemnation.
Munoz apologized for the incident in written testimony. They cited four areas in which United should have acted differently. "Most importantly our employees did not have the authority to do what was right for our customers and for our company," they said in the testimony. "As CEO that is my responsibility."
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 1-South Africa's Vodacom names Moleketi as chairperson
JOHANNESBURG, June 15 South Africa's Vodacom Group said on Thursday it has appointed non-executive director Jabu Moleketi to succeed Peter Moyo as the mobile phone network operator's next chairperson.
BERLIN (Reuters) - New signing Michy Batshuayi enjoyed a dream debut at Borussia Dortmund, scoring twice on Friday as their club edged Cologne 3-2 to move into second place in the Bundesliga.
Andre Schuerrle made sure of Dortmund's first league win of the year with an 84th minute winner after Cologne twice had come back from a goal down. Dortmund are second on 34 points, ahead of Bayer Leverkusen and Schalke 04 on goal difference.
Batshuayi arrived on Wednesday on loan from Chelsea to plug the gap left by the departure of last season's Bundesliga top scorer Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang to Arsenal in the Premier League.
Dortmund coach Peter Stoeger, returning to Cologne only 61 days after their sacking, gave the 20-year-old Belgium international their first start and the player paid them back when they scored in the 35th minute for the lead.
Slideshow (5 Images)
They thought they scored again on the stroke of halftime but their effort was ruled off side after the use of the video assistant referee.
Cologne levelled on the hour when Roman Buerki cleared a shot and Simon Zoller nodded in on the rebound but Batshuayi responded only two minute later, pouncing on a defensive error to slot in.
Bottom club Cologne refused to give up and thought they had done enough to earn a point with Jorge Mere's 70th minute header before Schuerrle unleashed an unstoppable shot into the top corner six minutes from time to earn Dortmund their first three points of 2018.
Leaders Bayern Munich, 16 points clear at the top, travel to Mainz 05 on Saturday. Leverkusen face Freiburg while Schalke host Werder Bremen.
French oil services firm CGG files for bankruptcy
PARIS, June 14 French oil services firm CGG said on Wednesday it had filed for bankruptcy in France and the United States as part of financial restructuring to reduce its debt burden.
May 3 Vivus Inc
* Vivus reports 2017 first quarter financial results
* Total revenue, net for first quarters of 2017 and 2016, was $27.0 million and $15.3 million, respectively
* Q1 loss per share $0.01 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Fosun International Ltd services are displayed at a news conference in Hong Kong, China March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
HONG KONG Fosun International Ltd (0656.HK), one of China's most aggressively acquisitive conglomerates, said its chief executive and vice president stepped down in a surprise reshuffle that has raised concerns over the group's strategy.
The resignation of co-founder and Chief Executive Liang Xinjun and Senior Vice President Ding Guoqi will have some impact on the leisure-to-insurance group, one of China's largest privately held firms, said chairperson and fellow co-founder Guo Guangchang.
"The departure of Ding Guoqi and Xinjun, in particular that of Xinjun due to health reasons, will have an impact on Fosun in the short-term," Guo told reporters and analysts in Hong Kong, without elaborating.
"But we have to turn bad things into good news. As you all see today, the new management team, Fosun is full of talents."
Liang, who was Fosun's public face, was replaced by fellow co-founder and billionaire Wang Qunbin, said the company, whose businesses include French leisure group Club Med and entertainment company Cirque du Soleil.
Wang, a genetic engineer by training who owns 11 percent of Fosun International Holdings, has kept a lower-profile than the firm's other co-founders.
Fosun has been the posterchild for China's decade-long outbound push, which saw Chinese bidders spend a record $105 billion on assets ranging from movie studios to football clubs in 2016.
But over the past year Beijing has begun reining-in outbound deals in a bid to curb outflows - estimated to be more than $725 billion last year - and shore-up the weakening yuan which fell to eight-year lows in December.
Guo and Chief Financial Officer Robin Wang reassured investors regarding the impact of Beijing's capital restrictions, saying they were a "challenge" for the group but that it continued to have several means of raising capital offshore, which could actually offer Fosun more opportunities to compete for assets.
These included offshore bonds and also using the group's 20 billion euros' worth of insurance assets.
Guo emphasized the group's strategy to contain funding costs while investing heavily in new technologies, including artificial intelligence and automation.
Along with its reshuffle announcement, Fosun reported a net profit jump of 28 percent to a record high of over 10 billion yuan ($1.45 billion) in 2016, led by gains from its investments in finance, healthcare and tourism-related businesses.
GROWING TENSIONS
Several sources close to Fosun said there had been growing tensions between Guo and Liang.
On Wednesday, Guo said they had been especially "hard and demanding" on Liang but said he, Liang and Wang - college mates who went on to work together for 25 years - remained as close as ever.
"Xinjun, Wang Qunbin and myself have never abandoned each other, we are like brothers. Xinjun has made a great contribution to Fosun's development today," Guo said.
Liang and Ding, who stepped down due to family commitments, will have no honorary positions in the company.
Liang, who owns 24 percent of the group and has a personal fortune worth $2.2 billion according to Forbes Real-Time Billionaires List, was instrumental in driving Fosun's acquisition strategy.
They took on a more prominent role when Guo became embroiled in an investigation on the Chinese mainland in late 2015. (reut.rs/2mP2Psb)
The company's shares opened up initially but then quickly steadied on Wednesday. Its bonds traded slightly lower on fears the departure of two key executives could hurt its acquisition strategy, analysts said.
"With the latest announcement, one more founder together with another key personnel have left," said Annisa Lee, a Nomura credit analyst.
"This may raise concerns on the company's business and financial strategy going forward and that's why bonds are trading lower."
($1 = 6.8779 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Additional reporting by Elzio Barreto, Umesh Desai, Sijia Jiang, and Michelle Price in Hong Kong; Writing by Michelle Price; Editing by Stephen Coates and Randy Fabi)
Swiss National Bank could cut rates more if needed - Jordan
BERN, June 15 The Swiss National Bank (SNB) on Thursday left the door open to pushing interest rates further into negative territory if needed after it maintained its ultra-loose monetary policy.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Justice Department is seeking “substantial” civil fines from Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV after the government filed suit accusing the company of illegally using software that led to excess emissions in 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles sold since 2014, a person briefed on the matter said on Friday.
Bloomberg News reported Friday that the Justice Department sent Fiat Chrysler lawyers a Jan. 27 settlement offer that included requiring the company to offset excess pollution and take steps to prevent future excess emissions.
A person briefed on the matter confirmed the letter included language that a settlement “must include very substantial civil penalties.”
Fiat Chrysler shares ended down 7.2 percent at $22.30 on Friday in New York after earlier falling over 10 percent on news of the potential fines.
In a discussion in Washington this week between the Justice Department and Fiat Chrysler overseen by court-appointed settlement adviser Ken Feinberg, no specific figures were discussed, two people briefed on the talks said. Another round of settlement talks is set for late this month.
Feinberg and Fiat Chrysler declined to comment.
In July, Fiat Chrysler won approval from federal and California regulators to sell 2017 model year diesel vehicles after it came under scrutiny for alleged excess emissions in older diesel models.
To resolve the excess pollution issue, Fiat Chrysler lawyer Robert Giuffra said in December at a court hearing the company remains confident it can use updated emissions software in the 2017 vehicles as the basis of a fix to address agencies' concerns over 2014-2016 diesel vehicles.
The Justice Department said in December that company testing on the proposed fix began on Dec. 17 and would take about three months. The government will then have 30 days to review the results and expects to make a determination by the end of April.
No settlement is expected before testing is completed, people briefed on the talks said.
Separately, the company is still trying to settle lawsuits filed by owners of the diesel vehicles. A separate settlement session is set with lawyers for the owners and Fiat Chrysler in the coming weeks.
Regulators have said Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicles had undisclosed emissions controls that allowed vehicles to emit excess pollution during normal driving. The company has denied wrongdoing, saying there was never an attempt to create software to cheat emissions rules.
Fiat Chrysler's emissions case comes after Volkswagen AG's (VOWG_p.DE) diesel emissions scandal prompted increased industry scrutiny.
SINGAPORE The world's gas industry is descending on Tokyo this week with something other than cherry blossoms on its mind: a trio of Asian LNG buyers testing their collective muscle in a push for more flexible long-term contracts for the fuel.
Korea Gas Corp (KOGAS) (036460.KS), Japan's JERA and China National Offshore Oil Corp (CNOOC) [SASACY.UL] - whose joint liquefied natural gas volumes account for a third of global LNG trade - are attempting to cement a shift in power from producers to importers amid a supply glut that is expected to persist into the early-2020s.
Developing responses from LNG producers to the group's alliance may also soon start to give clues as to who will win advantage as the fuel surplus puts pressure on suppliers to give buyers greater contractual freedom than they have had since the industry first began to ramp up in the 1970s.
"Destination clauses will probably die soon under the pressure of buyers and the growing needs for flexibility," said Anne-Sophie Corbeau, a research fellow at the King Abdullah Petroleum Studies and Research Centre (KAPSARC) in Saudi Arabia.
No meetings between the three buyers and major producers such as Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L), Chevron (CVX.N) and Qatargas have yet been confirmed at the Gastech biannual industry gathering, but representatives of all are certain to be in attendance, and other delegates are sure to be watching to see what happens when their paths cross.
North Asian LNG buyers - including those agreeing last month to explore joint purchases of supplies - have for decades relied on rigid long-term contracts that prevent cargo resales because the main priority was security of supply as energy demand soared amid double-digit economic growth.
But a slowdown in Asian growth over the past few years, especially in top two buyers Japan and South Korea, and impending liberalisation of gas and power markets mean dominant utilities are now often stuck with surplus cargoes they cannot resell amid stagnant or shrinking demand at home.
Last year for instance, global installed LNG capacity was over 300 million tonnes a year, while only about 268 million tonnes of LNG were traded, according to Thomson Reuters data.
JERA and KOGAS have both indicated they aim to ink only future contracts that have more flexible terms, but it remains unclear if they or other Asian buyers plan to force existing contracts into arbitration.
Many LNG producers have so far declined to comment on the rising threat from more aggressive buyers, although Australia's Woodside Petroleum (WPL.AX) suggested last week that flexibility in long-term contracts would eventually lead to a more liquid market.
(For graphics on the global LNG market, please see tmsnrt.rs/2ofFm2U and tmsnrt.rs/2mXdqgu.)
DISRUPTION
Another disrupting force in the LNG market could be the emergence of importers like Pakistan that utilise floating storage and regasification units, who would also be small-scale buyers seeking shorter-term contracts.
"There are more new types of players coming into the market so it's no longer the long-term bilateral type of dedicated deals between utilities and exporters, but we're seeing a more flexible and liquid market developing," Keisuke Sadamori, director of energy markets and security for the International Energy Agency, told Reuters.
Asia, which accounts for about 70 percent of the world's LNG demand, is poised as well to benefit from rising U.S. exports that are on track to make the United States the third-largest exporter of LNG next year.
U.S. LNG is attractive to Asian buyers as cargoes have no destination restrictions that prevent them from being resold when domestic power demand is weak.
"This growth (in spot and short-term contracts) is driven by several factors including ... the Japanese gas and power sector deregulations, (and the) uncertainty of LNG demand in Japan and Korea given potential nuclear power plant re-starts," said Marc Howson, LNG Senior Managing Editor at S&P Global Platts.
The emergence of price-sensitive buyers in India and China is also driving the market towards more spot trade, Howson said.
India does not rule out the possibility of joining the China, Japan and Korea grouping to jointly buy LNG to extract better deals, the country's Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said last month, adding that the market was gradually becoming more consumer-centric.
(For graphics on top Asian LNG buyers form allliance click tmsnrt.rs/2mXdqgu)
(Reporting by Mark Tay, with additional reporting by Florence Tan in SINGAPORE, Osamu Tsukimori in TOKYO and Jane Chung in SEOUL; Editing by Tom Hogue)
London to open Brexit talks by offering to protect rights of EU citizens in UK - FT
LONDON The UK's Brexit minister, David Davis, will open divorce talks in Brussels next week with an offer to allow the three million European Union citizens living in Britain the same rights that they have now, the Financial Times reported on Wednesday.
March 28 Biomed Lublin Wytwornia Surowic i Szczepionek SA (Biomed):
* Said on Monday that it resolved to increase its share capital via issue of 850,000 series G shares and 2,495,400 series H shares via private subscription
* Issue price of series G and series H shares is set at 1.03 zlotys ($0.26) per share
* Issue of new shares will be issued with the exclusion of existing shareholders' pre-emptive rights
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9136 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Luton Town have confirmed they have sold striker Isaac Vassell to Sky Bet Championship side Birmingham City for an undisclosed fee.
The 23-year-old, who joined the Hatters from National League South side Truro City just over a year ago, has passed a medical and will move to St Andrew's with immediate effect.
Vassell started their career with Plymouth before being scouted by Hatters' chief recruitment officer Mick Harford and moved to Kenilworth Road in the summer of 2016, enjoying a superb second half to the season, finishing with 14 goals in total, including 11 in their final 24 games.
That was enough to alert the attention of Bristol City who saw a bid rejected during pre-season, as they went on to net a brace in the 8-2 win over Yeovil Town on the opening day of the campaign.
However, with Vassell out of contract in the summer, and unwilling to sign a new long term deal offered to them by the club, Blues boss Harry Redknapp has finally got their man, with Luton agreeing terms this morning.
Vassell, who made their final appearance in Saturday's 1-0 defeat to Barnet, leaves the club with 16 goals in total from their 55 appearances.
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
Description :
Household Sewing Machines-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Household Sewing Machines industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Household Sewing Machines 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Household Sewing Machines worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Household Sewing Machines market
Market status and development trend of Household Sewing Machines by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Household Sewing Machines, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3022738-household-sewing-machines-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Household Sewing Machines market as:
Global Household Sewing Machines Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Household Sewing Machines Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
Mechanical Sewing Machines
Electronic Sewing Machines
Global Household Sewing Machines Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Home
Light Commercial
Global Household Sewing Machines Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Household Sewing Machines Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
Brother
Singer
Janome
Necchi Macchina
Bernina International
Union Special
Merrow
AMF Reece CR
Consew
YAMATA
Elna International
SVP Worldwide
Henderson Sewing
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3022754-wind-converters-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Household Sewing Machines
1.1 Definition of Household Sewing Machines in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Household Sewing Machines
1.2.1 Mechanical Sewing Machines
1.2.2 Electronic Sewing Machines
1.3 Downstream Application of Household Sewing Machines
1.3.1 Home
1.3.2 Light Commercial
1.4 Development History of Household Sewing Machines
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Household Sewing Machines 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Household Sewing Machines Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Household Sewing Machines Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Household Sewing Machines 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Household Sewing Machines by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Household Sewing Machines by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Household Sewing Machines by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Household Sewing Machines by Types
3.2 Production Value of Household Sewing Machines by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Household Sewing Machines by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Household Sewing Machines by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Household Sewing Machines by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Household Sewing Machines
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Household Sewing Machines Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Household Sewing Machines Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Household Sewing Machines by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Household Sewing Machines by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Household Sewing Machines by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Household Sewing Machines Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Household Sewing Machines Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Household Sewing Machines Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Brother
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.1.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Brother
7.2 Singer
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.2.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Singer
7.3 Janome
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.3.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Janome
7.4 Necchi Macchina
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.4.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Necchi Macchina
7.5 Bernina International
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Household Sewing Machines Product
7.5.3 Household Sewing Machines Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Bernina International
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
Soccer-Colombian championship final Liga Aguila I result
June 15 (Gracenote) - Results from the Colombian championship Final Liga Aguila I match on Wednesday Final Liga Aguila I Thursday, June 15, first leg Deportivo Cali - Atletico Nacional 2-0 (halftime: 1-0) Next Fixtures (GMT): Final Liga Aguila I Monday, June 19, second leg Atletico Nacional v Deportivo Cali (0000)
Saltire flags fly at the border between England and Scotland near Berwick on Tweed , Scotland March 10, 2017. Picture taken March 10, 2017 REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
The British Union Flag (R) and a Scottish Saltire flag fly above the Scottish Office in Whitehall, with the London Eye wheel seen behind, in London, Britain, March 14, 2017. Brexit may not be a game-changer in the debate about Scottish independence, according to research published on March 30, 2017 that suggests Scots want similar outcomes as other Britons do from the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. REUTERS/Toby Melville/Files
LONDON Brexit may not be a game-changer in the debate about Scottish independence, according to research published on Thursday that suggests Scots want similar outcomes as other Britons do from the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union.
The survey by NatCen, a respected social research organisation, found that 93 percent of Scots favoured maintaining free trade with the EU, compared with 88 percent in Britain as a whole.
On immigration, 64 percent of Scots said EU and non-EU immigrants should be subject to the same controls, versus 68 percent across Britain.
The gap was wider on willingness to trade off between those two issues. In Scotland, 61 percent said Britain should allow free movement of people in return for free trade with the EU, while the figure for the whole of Britain was 54 percent.
Scots, who represent about 8 percent of the UK population, voted to remain in the EU in last year's referendum while the United Kingdom as a whole voted to leave.
Political scientist John Curtice, author of the NatCen survey, said it did not support the view that Scots' greater support for EU membership would translate into a desire to break away from the UK to pursue their own relationship with Europe.
"It is far from clear that concerns about Brexit are likely to change the minds of many voters about the merits or otherwise of independence," they said. "So long, of course, as the UK government succeeds in delivering both free trade and immigration control."
Scotland's devolved government, which is run by the pro-independence Scottish National Party (SNP), has said Scots should not be dragged out of the EU against their will.
It has called for a new referendum on independence in late 2018 or early 2019, arguing that Brexit meant circumstances had changed since Scots rejected independence in a 2014 vote.
The British government, which would have to give its consent for a second referendum, opposes Sturgeon's plan.
The Scottish government said the NatCen survey reflected Scots' enduring belief in the value of EU membership.
"The poll demonstrates people in Scotland continue to value the protections and rights offered by the EU, particularly on key issues such as free trade and freedom of movement," a Scottish government spokesperson said.
NatCen surveyed 859 people in Scotland and 2,322 people across Britain, online and by telephone, between Feb 5 and March 2.
(Editing by Stephen Addison)
UPDATE 1-Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany, June 14 German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, despite surprising election losses for London's governing Conservatives.
April 6 Ruby Tuesday Inc
* Ruby Tuesday, Inc. reports fiscal third quarter 2017 financial results
* Q3 adjusted loss per share $0.06
* Q3 loss per share $0.33
* Q3 revenue $225.7 million
* Ruby Tuesday Inc - Board of directors will consider all strategic alternatives including, but not limited to a potential sale or merger of company
* Ruby Tuesday Inc - Has retained UBS as its financial advisor to assist in strategic alternatives process
* Ruby Tuesday Inc - Qtrly same-restaurant sales declined 4.0% compared to a 3.1% decrease
* Ruby Tuesday Inc - "Casual dining environment remains highly challenging"
* Ruby Tuesday Inc - Is in contract process to sell 28 properties with average expected net proceeds of $40.4 million or approximately $1.4 million per location Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 MasterCard Inc, the world's second-largest payments network, reported a 12.7 percent increase in quarterly profit, as people spent more using credit and debit cards.
MasterCard's net income rose to $1.08 billion, or $1.00 per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $959 million, or 86 cents per share, a year earlier. (mstr.cd/2qthx67)
The Purchase, New York-based company's revenue rose 11.8 percent to $2.73 billion. (Reporting by Nikhil Subba in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
April 3 Platynowe Inwestycje SA:
* Reported on Friday that its FY net result turned to profit of 31,000​ zlotys versus ​loss of 9.3 million zlotys ($2.35 million) a year ago
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9630 zlotys)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
CAIRO (Reuters) - A political coalition including several high-profile Egyptians sharply criticised President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on Friday for a speech in which they warned off anyone seeking to challenge their rule, amid growing calls for a boycott presidential elections.
Earlier this week Sisi said additional steps would be taken against anyone looking to upset Egypt's security and warned that the protests of seven years ago, which toppled longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak in 2011, would never happen again.
In a rare public rebuke of Sisi's own remarks, the Civil Democratic Movement called the speech an attempt “to spread fear among Egyptian voters” which “undermines ... the integrity of the electoral competition”.
Former military commander Sisi was elected in 2014, a year after leading the army to the ousting of Islamist President Mohamed Mursi.  They are expected to easily win a vote slated for March 26-28.
The Civil Democratic Movement includes several notable figures, including a former presidential contender as well as Hesham Genena, a former anti-corruption watchdog head who had been campaigning for former military chief of staff Sami Anan, Sisi's top opponent before they were arrested. nL8N1PI3DE]
The statement follows growing calls to boycott the March vote after all major opposition campaigns withdrew citing intimidation. Anan themselves was arrested and halted their presidential bid after the army accused them of breaking the law by running for office without permission.
Sisi now faces a single opponent, who is themselves a Sisi supporter, in the March contest.
“Clearing the political space of candidates in the name of preserving security is unconstitutional and does not promote security,” the statement said.
Sisi said in the speech that they may call on Egyptians to take to the streets to give them a “mandate” in the face of what they described as “villains,” without specifying who they meant.
“We affirm that states are not run by mandates and the mobilisation of supporters in orchestrated gatherings, but rather by constitutions and respect for freedoms,” the statement said.
“Is this a mandate in order to uphold freedoms? Or to crush opposition? Or to violate the constitution?” it said.
Demonstrators hold signs during a protest against the repeal of the Affordable Care Act outside the Capitol Building in Washington, U.S., March 22, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
Chairman of the Freedom Caucus U.S. Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC), who today said that Republicans still lack the votes to pass a reform bill to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system, walks in a hallway of the Rayburn Building on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
U.S. President Donald Trump participates in the U.S. Air Force Academy Commander-in-Chief trophy presentation in the White House Rose Garden in Washington, U.S., May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON Time was running short for President Donald Trump to attract enough votes to pass a new bill to overhaul the U.S. healthcare system this week as Republican party moderates held out, fearing a backlash from voters worried about losing insurance benefits.
A senior House of Representatives Republican aide said on Tuesday night no decision had been made on bringing legislation to the floor this week before the House is due to start a week-long break late on Thursday.
A bill would need to be filed by late Tuesday night or early Wednesday morning to hold the vote before the break.
Representative Mark Meadows of North Carolina, who heads the conservative House Freedom Caucus faction that helped block Trump's first attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, said earlier on Tuesday Republicans were still "a handful of votes away."
The lack of movement among Republicans puts Trump in danger of their second major legislative setback, raising questions about their ability to secure passage of other parts of their agenda, including a major tax reform plan.
Most House Freedom Caucus Republicans have gotten on board with the new proposal, but Democrats are vowing to oppose any attempt to unravel Democratic former President Barack Obama's signature healthcare overhaul.
The latest Republican plan would allow states to opt out of Obamacare provisions that force insurers to charge sick and healthy people the same rates. That is seen as a concession to conservatives to attract their votes.
Trump insisted in an interview with CBS News that aired on Sunday that the protections for those with pre-existing conditions would remain.
"I think it's time now" for a healthcare vote, the Republican president said at the White House on Tuesday.
Even if a plan passes the House, it is expected to face a tough fight in the Senate, where Republicans have a narrower majority.
OPPOSITION
Republicans contend that Obama's signature 2010 healthcare law, which allowed some 20 million Americans to gain medical insurance, is too intrusive and expensive.
The White House sent Vice President Mike Pence to the Capitol on Tuesday to meet Republican holdouts on the party's latest effort to pass a healthcare overhaul.
Republicans remain divided over key aspects of the healthcare bill, with some lawmakers worrying about a potential spike in the number of people without coverage, or sharp increases in insurance premiums.
Representative Daniel Webster, whose central Florida district is home to many retirees, said Pence told them they would try to work out problems caused by proposed Medicaid spending caps that would limit nursing-home beds.
"I just think it's going to cost us a lot in Florida,” Webster said.
Another Florida Republican, Thomas Rooney, said confusion over the potential loss of coverage for pre-existing conditions had their constituents scared that "they're going to die because of a vote that we might be taking."
Conservative groups such as the Club for Growth and Heritage Action started to increase pressure on moderate Republicans who were resisting the bill, such as Representative Billy Long of Missouri.
"Billy is using liberal talking points to distort the truth," Club for Growth President David McIntosh said, adding that Long "may want to keep Obamacare."
Left-leaning groups, including the Center for American Progress (CAP), were pushing their members to call lawmakers to urge them to oppose the healthcare bill, including via 7,000 medicine bottles delivered to congressional districts. Emily Tisch Sussman, a CAP organizer, said those efforts had generated "tens of thousands" of phone calls.
Patient advocacy groups, including the American Heart Association and the American Diabetes Association, also oppose the reworked bill, while the American Medical Association and others have expressed concerns.
(Reporting by Richard Cowan, David Morgan, Steve Holland, Doina Chiacu and Lisa Lambert, Ginger Gibson; Writing by David Lawder and Paul Simao; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, Peter Cooney and Paul Tait)
April 28 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration on Friday approved Novartis AG's Rydapt as an initial treatment for acute myeloid leukemia (AML).
AML is a rapidly progressing cancer, which forms in the bone marrow and results in an increased number of white blood cells in the bloodstream.
Rydapt has secured approval for adults with newly diagnosed AML that have a specific genetic mutation called FLT3, in combination with chemotherapy, the FDA said. (Reporting by Natalie Grover in Bengaluru)
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
GESTAMP IPO-GEAU.MC
Gestamp set its listing price at 5.6 euros per share late on Wednesday.
SANTANDER
Qatar Investment Authority's planned sale of a 2.25 percent stake in Banco Santander Brasil SA on Wednesday priced below initial estimates, two people with knowledge of the deal said.
BANCO POPULAR
Australia's Pepper Group Ltd confirmed on Thursday that discussions with Spanish bank, Banco Popular to form a 50-50 JV have formally ceased.
For today's European market outlook double-click on.
For real-time moves on the Spanish blue-chip index IBEX please double-click on
For IBEX constituent stocks highlight .IBEX in the command box and press the F3 button on your keyboard
For latest news on Spanish stock moves double click
For Spanish language market report double click on
For latest Eurostocks report please double-click on
April 12 Golden Wheel Tiandi Holdings Co Ltd
* Entered into agreement with initial purchasers on 11 april 2017 in relation to further issue of us$200 million 8.25% senior notes due 2019
* Intends to use net proceeds to refinance existing indebtedness, fund new property projects and for general corporate purposes.
* Estimated net proceeds from notes issue, after deduction of underwriting discounts and other estimated expenses, will amount to about us$207.8 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Bills to rise by about 78 pounds on average
* Fifth company to increase prices this year
* Government to publish consumer green paper in the spring (Adds detail, context)
LONDON, April 12 EDF Energy will raise its dual-fuel prices by 7.2 percent from June 21, the company said on Wednesday, increasing its prices for the second time this year.
The move comes against the backdrop of a British retail energy market coming under increasing scrutiny after five of the country's bix six suppliers announced significant price rises for this year.
The government has said it is prepared to act and has said that a consumer green paper that could include proposals for the energy market will be published in the spring.
EDF Energy, the British arm of French utility EDF, said the latest price rise will add about 78 pounds ($97.51) on average to bills for customers supplied with both gas and electricity.
The increase comes on top of a 1.2 percent rise in dual-fuel prices that came into effect on March 1.
EDF Energy Chief Executive Vincent de Rivaz said the industry is facing significant cost increases but that the company needs to make a fair margin in supplying customers.
"This fair margin allows us to invest for the long term, in particular in good service, innovation and smart metering," they said.
The British government wants every home in the country to have a smart meter by 2020, providing households with real-time data on energy use and costs.
Energy suppliers need to supply the meters, with customers ultimately covering the cost through their bills, though the government says that smart meters and costs such as renewable subsidies account for only a small portion of consumers' bills.
EDF Energy said that about 55 percent of its customers will be unaffected by the price rise because they have fixed-term tariffs.
E.ON UK, part of German power utility E.ON, Innogy's Npower, Iberdrola-owned Scottish Power and SSE have already announced price rises. Centrica's British Gas said that it would freeze prices until August. ($1 = 0.7999 pounds) (Reporting by Susanna Twidale; Editing by David Goodman)
May 3 Centrica Plc
* Britain's Centrica will invest 60 million pounds ($78 million) to boost Morecambe Bay gas production, it said in a statement on Wednesday.
* The project to refurbish two 5,000-tonne platforms in the East Irish Sea is expected to start later this month.
* Once complete, the project will unlock up to a further 3 billion cubic feet of gas under the East Irish Sea by simplifying the process required to get it to shore. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.7738 pounds) (Reporting by Nina Chestney; Editing by Susan Fenton)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
U.S. Coast Guard says Charleston terminal to reopen, safety zone lifted after threat
COPENHAGEN, June 15 The U.S. Coast Guard said on Thursday a terminal at the Port of Charleston in South Carolina will reopen and a safety zone has been lifted after investigating a "potential threat" of a dirty bomb on a container ship.
MADRID (Reuters) - People kept their money in Spanish lenders Caixabank (CABK.MC) and Banco Sabadell (SABE.MC) in the last three months of 2017, despite intense uncertainty over Catalonia's independence bid.
But while deposit levels were stable, income remained under pressure at the two banks, which both moved their headquarters out the northeastern Spanish region in October after regional leaders pursued a secession campaign.
Although the banks said they suffered deposit outflows in the days after the Oct. 1 referendum, which was ruled illegal by Spain's constitutional court, these were quickly reversed.
Sabadell, Spain's fifth-biggest bank, said on Friday its deposits grew 1 percent in the fourth quarter over the previous one, while Caixabank, the country's third-largest, said its had fallen by 0.2 percent.
Caixabank shares were down 4.3 percent at 0817 GMT on the weak quarterly results. The bank's shares had risen by more than 12 percent since the beginning of the year.
Sabadell's (SABE.MC) shares fell 3.5 percent. Its stock had gained around 15 percent since January.
Caixabank's net profit more than doubled for the period to 196 million euros ($245 million), but it missed the 352 million euro forecasts in a Reuters poll of analysts, falling 70 percent from the third quarter due to a devaluation in Portuguese unit BPI's Angolan business BFA.
Net profit at Sabadell also more than doubled in the fourth quarter to 147.7 million euros, in line with analysts' forecasts, after the sale of some its units.
Spanish banks are struggling to lift earnings from loans, as interest rates hover at historic lows and increasing competition erodes margins. To offset pressure at home, Spanish banks have been expanding abroad in search of higher revenues.
Sabadell's net interest income (NII), profit from loans minus funding costs, was down around 1.7 percent on the previous quarter, while Caixabank's fell 0.4 percent due to BPI.
Caixabank said it expected NII to rise by up to 3 percent in 2018.
Both managed to reduce their non-performing loans at a time when the European Central Bank is working on new guidelines for lenders to reduce bad loans.
Sabadell cut its bad loan ratio to 5.1 percent from 5.4 percent in the previous quarter, while Caixabank ended December with a non-performing loan ratio of 6 percent, compared to 6.4 percent at-end September.
($1 = 0.8603 euros)
U.S. President Donald Trump sits for an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump looks out a window of the Oval Office following an interview with Reuters at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump sits for an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump (L) speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during an interview with Reuters in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
U.S. President Donald Trump looks out a window of the Oval Office following an interview with Reuters at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 27, 2017.
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump on Thursday spurned the Taiwanese president's suggestion that the two leaders hold another phone call, saying they did not want to create problems for Chinese President Xi Jinping when Beijing appears to be helping efforts to rein in North Korea.
In a White House interview, Trump brushed aside the idea after Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen told Reuters on Thursday they would not rule out talking directly again to the U.S. president, an act certain to incense China. The status of self-ruled Taiwan is possibly the most sensitive issue between Washington and Beijing.
“Look, my problem is I have established a very good personal relationship with President Xi. I really feel that they are doing everything in their power to help us with a big situation,” Trump told Reuters, referring to signs that China may be working to head off any new missile or nuclear test by Pyongyang, Beijing's neighbour and ally.
“So I wouldn't want to be causing difficulty right now for him,” Trump added. “I think he's doing an amazing job as a leader and I wouldn't want to do anything that comes in the way of that. So I would certainly want to speak to them first.”
As president-elect in early December, Trump took a congratulatory phone call from Tsai. It was the first contact between a leader of Taiwan and an incumbent or incoming U.S. president in nearly four decades, and Trump cast doubt on Washington's longstanding policy of acknowledging Beijing's "one China" policy, which asserts that Taiwan is a part of China.
The call angered Beijing because it fears contacts between Taiwan and leaders of other countries would confer sovereignty on the island. Democratic Taiwan, self-ruled since 1949, has no interest in being ruled by autocratic China.
Trump agreed to honour the "one China" policy in February and then hosted Xi at their Florida resort earlier this month.
Trump's dismissal of Tsai's suggestion underscored the importance they are placing on enlisting China's help in defusing tension with North Korea, which has become their biggest national security challenge since taking office in January, 100 days ago come Saturday.
On Friday, in response to Trump's remarks, Taiwan's presidential office said it had no plans "at this stage" to hold a call, and that it understood the United States had priorities in handling regional affairs.
In a statement, Tsai's spokesperson, Alex Huang, said the government would not "overly limit" itself, but would pursue the island's best interest.
In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang urged Taiwan to pay attention to the United States' reaction.
"We consistently oppose countries which have diplomatic relations with China having any form of official exchanges with Taiwan," Geng told a daily news briefing on Friday.
"This position is very clear and very firm."
F-35 REQUEST
Tsai told Reuters on Thursday Taiwan's ties with the United States have been improving. They said Taiwan may need to buy from its sole arms supplier the F-35 fighter jet, the most advanced stealth warplane in the U.S. arsenal.
“We have the opportunity to communicate more directly with the U.S. government," Tsai said. “We don't exclude the opportunity to call President Trump himself, but it depends on the needs of the situation and the U.S. government's consideration of regional affairs."
Tsai said, “We don't rule out any items that would be meaningful to our defence and our defence strategy and the F-35 is one such item.”
But when told Taiwan's president had said the island might want to buy F-35 aircraft, Trump said: “Oh, I haven't been informed. I'd have to think about that. I'd have to speak to my people about that. They (the Taiwanese government) do buy a lot of equipment from us.”
China's Defence Ministry said on Thursday it was resolutely opposed to any country selling arms to Taiwan.
U.S. officials told Reuters last month that the Trump administration was crafting a big arms package for Taiwan that could include advanced rocket systems and anti-ship missiles to defend against China, a deal sure to anger Beijing.
But one of the officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said at the time the administration was not considering selling the F-35 to Taiwan.
The package is expected to be significantly larger than one that was shelved at the end of the Obama administration – valued at around $1 billion – but completion of a new deal could take months and possibly into next year, the official said.
The Global Times, an influential Chinese Communist Party-backed tabloid, called Tsai's government "a naughty child" in an editorial on Friday and said it would "strongly counter" any move to sell Taiwan advanced fighter jets.
“Each time the Tsai Ing-wen authorities step out of line they will pay the price, like a naughty child in class getting a stern reprimand for shouting out or smashing the glass at school,” it said.
(Additional reporting by Jean Yoon and J.R. Wu in Taipei; Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Writing by Matt Spetalnick; Editing by Howard Goller and Clarence Fernandez)
MOSCOW Russian online news outlet Fontanka has published the photo of a person whom it said police were seeking over Monday's deadly blast on board a St Petersburg metro train.
The grainy photo shows a middle-aged man with a beard and wearing a black hat.
Fontanka said the man had entered "Petrogradskaya" station 20 minutes before the blast happened on board a train, killing at least nine people.
Interfax news agency earlier quoted a source as saying that surveillance cameras had captured photos of the blast suspect.
(Reporting by Christian Lowe; Writing by Sujata Rao; Editing by Alexander Winning)
NEW YORK U.S. drug distributor Cardinal Health Inc's deal to buy Medtronic Plc's medical supplies units days after Abbott Laboratories agreed to a long-awaited purchase of diagnostic testing company Alere Inc has raised the pulse of a sector suppressed by potential healthcare policy upheaval.
Healthcare deal-making among high-quality companies has stalled, with President Trump and the Republican Congress tackling and then unable late last quarter to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare. Highly anticipated tax reforms are being delayed by the ongoing healthcare policy debate.
President Trump has vowed to cut corporate taxes, as well as allow companies to bring cash stockpiles held overseas back to the US at sharply reduced tax rates, which could also stoke merger and acquisition activity.
Investment grade healthcare companies borrowed just US$10bn in the loan market in the first quarter, 57% less than a year earlier, according to Thomson Reuters LPC. Loans to high-quality companies accounted for 60% of the US$178bn in healthcare lending last year. But in the first quarter, the share sank to just 28% of the US$35.5bn volume.
“For healthcare M&A, transformative deals may be more limited in 2017 due to uncertainty related to Obamacare ‘Repeal and Replace' as well as pending tax reform,” said Allen Fisher, a managing director and global head of healthcare banking at MUFG. “Comprehensive tax reform seems almost as unlikely as healthcare reform.”
The deal logjam budged on Tuesday when Cardinal said it would buy Medtronic for US$6.1bn and agreed to a US$4.5bn bridge loan before locking in longer-term debt.
Earlier in April, diversified healthcare company Abbott said it would buy Alere at a lower price than initially offered in February 2016, with both companies agreeing to drop lawsuits that prolonged the transaction. Last year, Abbot raised a US$9bn bridge for the Alere deal, and has yet to detail further financing needs.
These tie-ups come on the heels of several high-profile health insurer mergers - Aetna with Humana and Cigna with Anthem - scrapped by separate anti-trust rulings earlier this year.
BEST PRESCRIPTION?
While healthcare mashups are being subdued, domestic M&A broadly is being curbed by the considerable uncertainty surrounding tax and trade policy. Some mergers will push forward, based on an urgency for a takeover target, bankers said.
“On the one hand you have PPG trying to go hostile into the Netherlands - which under the best of circumstances is difficult - as an example of an issuer willing to power through for an asset it wants to buy,” said a senior banker who expects ongoing strategic consolidation.
On Wednesday, Pennsylvania-based PPG Industries dismissed efforts by Dutch paintmaker Akzo Nobel to fend off its takeover bid and won support from an activist hedge fund investor, Reuters reported.
“On the other hand, there may be other Fortune 500 companies that are very much prepared to wait it out and see what the exchange rate environment, regulatory environment and general financing environment are before deciding if it's still worthwhile,” said the banker.
DIAGNOSING VALUE
Amid the unknowns, investors in the healthcare arena are scrutinizing their picks sector by sector.
“We're trying to assess company performance to see whether there are going to be any liquidity issues, any collection issues, bad debt issues, things that would be indicative of the way payments and coverage may be affected,” said Farboud Tavangar, a founder of LCM Asset Management.
Public and political scrutiny of high-priced medications could pressure pharmaceutical corporations, for example. Hospital companies, on the other hand, could benefit from an aging population and growing medical needs, most investors and strategists agree.
“The essential service component of hospitals has always been a good protector against unreasonable actions in the past,” said Tavangar. “[However] we're a little worried about diagnostics and reimbursements for diagnostics, screening and imaging companies, particularly if insurance companies approve fewer medical tests.”
Healthcare loan volume overall could end the year little changed from last year's total, bankers said, even with current market trepidation.
First-quarter lending was off just 6% from a year earlier, as a surge of refinancing by lower-rated companies to cut borrowing costs tempered the slump in investment grade deals. Refinancing may continue to overshadow borrowing for new transactions.
A tax holiday that brings corporate cash to the US from overseas would “incentivize pharma and med-tech companies to go out and buy assets but not necessarily to make big-bet transformative acquisitions,” Fisher said. “Because the companies would use cash, it won't necessarily produce a lot more financing activity.”
(Reporting by Lynn Adler; Editing by Chris Mangham and Jon Methven)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
(Corrects paragraph 2 to say the drug is infusible, not injectable)
March 28 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) on Tuesday approved Roche Holding AG's multiple sclerosis (MS) drug Ocrevus, putting the potential blockbuster drug back on track after a delay by regulators over manufacturing issues.
The infusible drug, known chemically as ocrelizumab becomes the first U.S. approved medicine for primary progressive form of the neurological disease (PPMS).
The drug's entry into the U.S. market was delayed by three months when the FDA in late December pushed back its deadline for an approval a decision, saying the commercial manufacturing process for Ocrevus was not yet ready. (Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru and John Miller in Zurich; additional reporting by Bill Berkrot in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
April 28 Lasertec Corp:
* Says its wholly owned unit Lasertec Taiwan Inc, will set up a wholly owned sub-unit, Lasertec China Co Ltd., on June 1
* Says Lasertec China will be engaged in the delivery, processing, maintenance and support of products in Shanghai, China
* Says Lasertec China will be capitalized at $999,000
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/cIL3T3
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO: White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon departs after a meeting about the American Health Care Act on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., U.S. March 23, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein/File Photo
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump removed their chief strategist Steve Bannon from the National Security Council on Wednesday, reversing their controversial decision early this year to give a political adviser an unprecedented role in security discussions.
Trump's overhaul of the NSC, confirmed by a White House official, also elevated General Joseph Dunford, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and Dan Coats, the director of National Intelligence who heads all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies. The official said the change moves the NSC "back to its core function of what it's supposed to do."
It also appears to mark a victory for national security adviser H.R. McMaster, who had told some national security experts they felt they were in a "battle to the death" with Bannon and others on the White House staff.
Vice President Mike Pence said Bannon would continue to play an important role in policy and played down the shake-up as routine.
"This is just a natural evolution to ensure the National Security Council is organised in a way that best serves the president in resolving and making those difficult decisions," Pence said on Fox News.
Bannon said in a statement they had succeeded in returning the NSC back to its traditional role of coordinating foreign policy rather than running it. They cited President Barack Obama's national security adviser, Susan Rice, for why they advocated a change.
"Susan Rice operationalised the NSC during the last administration so I was put on NSC to ensure it was 'de-operationalized.' General McMaster has NSC back to its proper function," they said.
Trump's White House team has grappled with infighting and intrigue that has hobbled their young presidency. In recent days, several other senior U.S. foreign policy and national security officials have said the mechanisms for shaping the Trump administration's response to pressing challenges such as Syria, North Korea and Iran still were not in place.
Critics of Bannon's role on the NSC said it gave too much weight in decision-making to someone who lacked foreign policy expertise.
Bannon, who was chief executive of Trump's presidential campaign in the months leading to their election in November, in some respects represents Trump's "America First" nationalistic voice, helping fuel their anti-Washington fervor and pushing for the president to part ways at times with mainstream Republicans.
Before joining the Trump administration, Bannon headed Breitbart News, a right-wing website.
U.S. Representative Adam Schiff, ranking Democrat on the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, called the shift in the NSC a positive step that will help McMaster "gain control over a body that was being politicized by Bannon's involvement."
"As the administration's policy over North Korea, China, Russia and Syria continues to drift, we can only hope this shake-up brings some level of strategic vision to the body," they said.
SOURCE: STILL INFLUENTIAL
Bannon's removal from the NSC was a potential setback for their sphere of influence in the Trump White House, where they have a voice in most major decisions. But a Trump confidant said Bannon remained as influential as ever.
"He is still involved in everything and still has the full confidence of the president but to be fair they can only do so much stuff," the confidant said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
The White House official said Bannon was no longer needed on the NSC after the departure of Trump's first national security adviser, Michael Flynn.
Flynn was forced to resign on Feb. 13 over their contacts with Russia's ambassador to the United States, Sergei Kislyak, prior to Trump taking office on Jan. 20.
The official said Bannon had been placed on the NSC originally as a check on Flynn and had only attended one of the NSC's regular meetings.
The official dismissed questions about a power struggle between Bannon and McMaster, saying they shared the same world view.
However, two current national security officials rejected the White House explanation, noting that two months have passed since Flynn's departure.
McMaster, they said, speaking on the condition of anonymity, also has duelled with Bannon and others over direct access to Trump; the future of deputy national security adviser K.T. McFarland, a former Fox News commentator; intelligence director Ezra Cohen-Watnick, a Flynn appointee; and other staffing decisions.
Trump is preparing for their first face-to-face meeting on Thursday and Friday with Chinese President Xi Jinping with the threat of North Korea's nuclear and missile programs a key component of their talks.
Bannon's seat on the NSC's "principals' committee," a group that includes the secretaries of state, defence and other ranking aides, was taken by Rick Perry, who as energy secretary is charged with overseeing the U.S. nuclear weapons arsenal.
(Additional reporting by Ayesha Rascoe and Roberta Rampton; Editing by Tom Brown, Bill Trott and Michael Perry)
Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
April 28 Niocorp Developments Ltd-
* Files for resale or other disposition by certain selling shareholders of up to 18 million common shares Source text: (bit.ly/2pumGwX) Further company coverage:
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, their spokesperson said on Thursday.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 10 Hong Kong stocks barely changed on Monday, with market turnover the lowest in two months as investors were reluctant to place bets amid concerns about growing geopolitical risks over Syria and North Korea.
The benchmark Hang Seng index was almost unchanged at 24,262.18, while the Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.2 percent, to 10,253.79.
President Donald Trump pressed Chinese President Xi Jinping to do more to curb North Korea's nuclear program and help reduce the gaping U.S. trade deficit with Beijing in talks on Friday, even as they toned down the strident anti-China rhetoric of their election campaign.
Concerns about capital outflows resurfaced after the dollar index held sharp gains from the last session and hit a near four-week high, potentially luring money out of emerging markets.
Most sectors in Hong Kong retreated at the close, with resource stocks leading the decline.
An index tracking the sector contracted 1.2 percent, dragged by weakness in the mainland commodity market. (Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
MADRID A Spanish matador has undergone surgery on deep puncture wounds in their throat and leg after being gored by a bull at Madrid's famed Las Ventas bullring on Sunday.
Daniel Garcia Navarrete was knocked off their feet after being gored in the leg by the 460 kg (1,014 pounds) bull, who then went for their throat as they lay on the ground covering theirs face.
Las Ventas officials said the injuries were 15cm deep in the throat and 10cm into the leg.
The animal tossed Navarrete around the ring before other matadors came to their rescue and warned the animal off in an incident witnessed by more than 10,000 people at Spain's largest bullring.
"There was blood on their neck and a hole in their thigh," one spectator said.
"The bull was shaking them about like a rag doll."
Navarrete, from the southern Spanish city of Jaen, was hurriedly carried away by the other matadors and underwent surgery on Sunday. They were resting in hospital on Monday, the Las Ventas bullring said in a statement.
Bullfighting is a centuries-old tradition in Spain and remains popular, but some local authorities have clamped down on fights amid a growing animal rights movement against the practice.
(Reporting by Anna Valderrama. Writing by Patrick Johnston, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
SYDNEY Australian rugby league player Jarrod Mullen has been handed a four-year ban after testing positive for the banned steroid Drostanolone, the National Rugby League (NRL) said on Wednesday.
The Newcastle Knights back, who represented New South Wales in the 2007 State of Origin series, had appealed to the NRL's anti-doping body in March after a four-year ban was recommended by the Australia Sports Anti-Doping Authority (ASADA).
The basis of the 30-year-old's appeal was that they had used the drug not for competitive advantage but to help with their recovery from a series of serious hamstring injuries.
The NRL's anti-doping tribunal confirmed the ban on Wednesday, leaving Mullen 21 days to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
"ASADA will continue to work to protect those athletes who make the right decisions when it comes to injury treatment and rehabilitation," ASADA chief executive Ben McDevitt said in a statement acknowledging the ban.
"Ultimately, Mr Mullen has paid a heavy price for their poor decision making."
(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)
The U.S. economy shed 33,000 jobs in September, according to the latest report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, while unemployment fell to 4.2 percent.
The September payrolls drop broke a nearly 7-year streak of continuous job gains. But economists caution that the drop is likely representing the short-term consequences of bad weather, not a long-term shift in the job market.
Before this report, the economy had added an average of about 175,000 jobs per month; the unemployment rate has been at 4.3 or 4.4 percent since April.
Job growth in September was expected to be lower than usual because of the effects of several devastating hurricanes. Economists did not generally predict an actual decline, but a not-so-stellar report was widely anticipated.
"Hurricane Irma, in particular, occurred during the period when the Labor Department surveys job growth," reports NPR's Jim Zarroli. "So it's likely to have an especially big impact."
The Bureau of Labor Statistics agrees that hurricanes Harvey and Irma are the "likely" cause of a "sharp employment decline" in restaurant jobs, as well as low growth in other job fields.
People who have jobs but weren't paid during the survey period don't count as "employed" in the BLS statistics. That would include, for instance, a restaurant worker who is paid hourly and could not work for an extended period because of a storm.
The acting commissioner provided more context in a statement issued with the report.
"In September, 1.5 million workers had a job but were not at work for the entire reference week due to bad weather, the highest level for this series over the past 20 years," William Wiatrowski wrote. "This series is highly sensitive to the timing of weather events."
Not all the data were similarly affected. For instance, the storms had "no discernible effect" on the unemployment rate, the bureau says.
Stuart Hoffman, a senior economic advisor at PNC Financial Services, told Jim the effects of the storms are likely to be temporary, and the job market should recover by the end of the year.
The September jobs report also adjusted revised job growth in July and August downward; with those revisions, 38,000 fewer jobs were added this summer than had been previously reported.
Job growth has now averaged 91,000 jobs monthly for the past 3 months, the BLS says.
April 10 NETAC Technology Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for Q1 2017 to increase by 0 percent to 25 percent, or to be 12.1 million yuan to 15.1 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (12.1 million yuan)
* Comments that increased product sales and rental income is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/twyQ5o
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
ISLAMABAD Pakistan's Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif on Saturday sacked one of their special advisers and sanctioned another bureaucrat after an inquiry into a newspaper leak, but the country's powerful army rejected Sharif's directive as "incomplete".
The report's findings and recommendations threaten to reopen a rift between the army and the civilian government at a time when relations between the two have been relatively stable.
An article published in the English-language Dawn newspaper in October, detailing high-level security talks, had angered the army and led to the firing of then-Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid, who was a Sharif ally.
The military's tough response, which included asking intelligence agencies to identify the journalist's sources, drew widespread criticism from rights groups who accused it of curtailing Pakistan's press freedoms.
The prime minister's office said Sharif had "approved the recommendations" from the report into the leak, which included the removal of Syed Tariq Fatemi, Sharif's special assistant on foreign affairs, from their post.
Sharif's office, in a statement, added Rao Tehsin Ali, principal information officer at the information ministry, will also be sanctioned on the basis of the report, which has not yet been published.
The Dawn newspaper, its editor Zafar Abbas and article author, Cyril Almeida, have been referred to the Pakistan Newspaper Society for "necessary disciplinary action".
But the army swiftly rejected Sharif's directive.
"Notification on Dawn Leak is incomplete and not in line with recommendations by the Inquiry Board. Notification is rejected.," the military's spokesperson, Major General Asif Ghafoor, said on Twitter.
They did not elaborate on what other actions the government should take.
In October, the prime minister's office said the story was "planted" and termed it a "breach of national security."
The Dawn newspaper has stood by the author. Dawn journalists could not be reached for comment.
Quoting anonymous sources, the Dawn article said civilian government officials called for the military not to interfere if civilian authorities tried to arrest members of anti-India militant groups such as Jaish-e-Mohammad and Lashkar-e-Taiba.
Westerns powers and India have criticised Pakistan over its links with home-grown Islamist militant groups which carry out attacks in neighbouring India, though Islamabad denies supporting them.
Relations between the civilian government and military have often been strained in a country where several prime ministers, including Sharif himself, have been ousted in coups.
The appointment of Gen. Qamar Javed Bajwa as the country's new military chief in November led to easing of tensions between Sharif's government and the military.
(Writing by Drazen Jorgic; Editing by Toby Chopra)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
NEW YORK American Airlines is shaving off an additional two inches of economy class legroom on some of the seats in its new Boeing Co 737 MAX jets, just as relations between U.S. airlines and their passengers sink to a new low.
The new planes will have more seats than earlier versions of the jet, shrinking the distance between seat backs, or pitch, to 29 inches (74 cm) from the current distance of 31 inches (79 cm), on three rows of seats, a spokesperson for the carrier said.
The space between the remaining rows will drop to 30 inches from 31 inches. American said it expects the new planes in the fall and that they will go into service later this year.
"These (seats) are designed to be used in a very space-efficient way," American spokesperson Joshua Freed said. "Even though the pitch comes in at 29 (inches), the seats are built to maximize knee space and seat space."
The move to cram more passengers onto planes is likely to antagonize customers, already upset by costlier amenities and aging infrastructure.
At a congressional hearing on Tuesday, airline executives - including a representative for American - received scathing criticism about their customer service, after the furor surrounding a passenger being dragged from a full United Airlines plane to make room for airline employees.
"Some don't charge fees. Some do charge fees. Some charge fees for baggage. Some charge fees for oxygen. Who knows?" Representative Mike Capuano said at the tense hearing.
(Reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Bill Rigby)
SANTIAGO, April 5 The copper business will recover from crisis mode after plummeting prices for the metal resulted in output cuts, industry executives said at a meeting in world top copper producer Chile this week, but they expect that incipient recovery will be slow.
"The market seems to have left behind its worst moment, although it's very premature to anticipate a new cycle of high prices," Chilean Mining Minister Aurora Williams told the conference.
Views varied from extremely wary to bullish at the CRU World Copper Conference in Santiago, but the overall atmosphere was more positive than in recent years. Most delegates agreed that fundamentals such as a lack of new projects and Chinese demand would likely support the copper price.
Most in the market agreed that prices would likely converge at around $3 to the pound over the next two to three years, Oscar Landerretche, chairperson of world No. 2 producer Codelco , told Reuters.
Copper was trading at around $2.70 on Wednesday, up some 27 percent since its low point at the start of 2016. Yet it remains far below its peak of $4.50 during the heady days of 2011.
Rio Tinto's copper and diamonds unit chief Arnaud Soirat said copper prices would draw support from factors such as limited new greenfield projects, ore grade decline and end-of-life mine closures over the next few years.
"Copper's long-term fundamentals are quite positive, and we expect to see further demand growth from emerging markets," they said, forecasting a small deficit this year.
Copper consultancy CRU was forecasting an upward trend in prices through 2021, said its director of copper research, Vanessa Davidson.
"We expect pressure on costs to continue...but we see copper prices rising faster than operating costs, ensuring that profit margins increase," they said.
However, some warned that a dose of caution was in order.
Many said U.S. President Donald Trump's administration could help the copper sector by boosting infrastructure spending, but hurt global trade with greater protectionism.
And the last supercycle was "exceptional", said Landerretche, adding that there was little sign of an era-defining change like the entry of China into the world economy to boost prices.
"I don't think companies will return to invest like crazy," they said. "They were pretty hurt...they will begin to invest again but much more cautiously."
Well-stocked inventories and still weak Chinese consumption constituted a drag that meant a deficit this year was unlikely, said Southern Copper's chief executive Oscar Gonzalez.
Others have warned that large supplies of scrap could weigh on the price.
But scrap industry veteran Michael Lion said they were not so sure. China's maturing economy would continue to need high levels of copper, and scrap supplies were more transparent than in the past, they said.
"If people think there's a lot of scrap there that's going to come out and fill the gap, I wouldn't hold your breath," they said.
(Reporting by Rosalba O'Brien, Barbara Lewis and Mitra Taj; Editing by David Gregorio)
A man reacts near the site of an explosion in a coal mine in Golestan Province, in northern Iran, May 3, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
People gather at the site of an explosion in a coal mine in Golestan Province, in northern Iran May 3, 2017. Tasnim News Agency/Handout via REUTERS
ANKARA An explosion in a coal mine in northern Iran on Wednesday killed at least 35 workers and injured scores, state media reported.
The blast occurred at 12:45 p.m. local time (0815 GMT) in the Zemestanyurt mine when workers tried to jump-start a locomotive.
Ali Rabiei, minister of cooperatives, labour and social welfare was quoted as saying by semi-official Tasnim news agency that 35 miners have died in the incident.
Iranian media said more than 30 of the injured were transferred to nearby hospitals.
The semi-official Fars news agency reported earlier that more than 50 workers were trapped in a two-kilometre-long tunnel filled with gas that hampered rescue efforts.
The mine has 500 workers and the explosion happened during a change of shift, Fars reported.
President Hassan Rouhani has sent Minister of Labour and Welfare to the mine in order to oversee the rescue operations and treatment of victims, state news agency IRNA reported.
Iran extracted 1.68 million tons of coal in 2016, an increase on previous years, thanks to an easing of international sanctions. It uses most in domestic steel production and exports only a fraction.
(Story refiles to correct GMT time in paragraph 1 to 0815 GMT instead of 0745 GMT. The error occurred in previous updates.)
(Writing by Parisa Hafezi; Editing by John Stonestreet and Alistair Bell)
April 6 Navios Maritime Partners Lp
* Navios Maritime Partners L.P. announces acquisition of two panamax vessels
* Navios maritime partners lp says has agreed to acquire two panamax vessels, 2007 south korean-built of about 75,000 dwt for a total of $27.0 million
* Navios maritime partners lp- vessels are expected to be delivered to navios partners' owned fleet in june and july 2017
* Navios maritime partners lp - expected to finance deal with cash on balance sheet, bank debt on terms consistent with its existing credit facilities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
OSLO, March 29 Exxon Mobil has agreed to sell its operated upstream business in Norway to private equity firm HitecVision and oil company Point Resources for an undisclosed sum, it said on Wednesday.
The deal involves a transfer of about 300 staff and means that the world's largest listed oil firm will no longer operate producing fields on the Norwegian continental shelf.
Exxon Mobil retains stakes in more than 20 producing fields operated by Statoil and Shell however, including the Snorre oilfield and the major Ormen Lange gas field.
The fields sold had daily output of 54,000 barrels of oil equivalents in 2016, while Exxon's remaining Norwegian stakes yielded about 170,000 barrels per day, a company spokesperson said.
Point Resources, which is majority owned by HitecVision, will have output of about 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent following the deal, which could grow to about 80,000 barrels in 2022, the company said in a separate statement. (Reporting by Nerijus Adomaitis and Terje Solsvik, editing by Louise Heavens)
BUENOS AIRES Sharks cracked Jaguares' unbeaten home record with a 33-25 victory to consolidate second place in Super Rugby's Africa 2 conference in a tight contest at Velez Sarsfield on Saturday.
The teams shared a 3-3 try count with Sharks flyhalf Curwin Bosch kicking 18 points, their fourth successful penalty after the 80th-minute hooter denying the Argentine side a bonus point.
The Sharks made a flying start with a try in the second minute by flanker Phillip van der Walt after the Jaguares failed to keep possession from the South African side's kickoff.
Jaguares played their way back into the match in the second quarter after scoring their first points from a Nicolas Sanchez penalty and visiting scrumhalf Michael Claassens was sent to the sin bin.
Two tries in quick succession by fullback Joaquin Tuculet and centre Matias Orlando saw the Argentine side take a 20-13 lead.
However, a long kick for touch by Sanchez deep into Sharks territory bounced favourably for fullback Rhyno Smith, who set off on a fast, swerving run avoiding tackles until they were brought down 10 metres from the Jaguares line.
Replacement lock Etienne Oosthuizen then broke from a ruck to go over for the South African side's second try, leaving the teams level at 20-20 at halftime.
Prop Thomas du Toit broke the deadlock 11 minutes into the second half when Oosthuizen broke out of a ruck and sent them over.
Another Bosch penalty 10 minutes later from the touchline increased Sharks' lead before Tuculet fielded their own kick ahead, broke free of two tackles and fed wing Bautista Ezcurra, who scored in the corner.
Jaguares fell to a fourth consecutive defeat having made a fine start to their second season in the competition with four wins in their opening five matches.
They made too many mistakes as they sought a fourth try that could have turned the match their way in a disappointing second-half performance in front of a home crowd of 10,000.
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
ABU DHABI, April 12 Union National Bank , 50 percent owned by the Abu Dhabi government, on Wednesday reported flat first quarter profit, but beat analysts forecasts.
The fourth-largest lender in the emirate by assets reported a net profit of 452 million dirhams ($123.16 million) in the three months to March 31, compared to 450.0 million dirhams in the same period a year ago.
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the bank in first quarter 2017 was 449.30 million dirhams versus 447.25 million dirhams in the prior-year period.
Three analysts polled by Reuters forecast a quarterly average profit of 443.62 million dirhams. (Reporting By Stanley Carvalho; Editing by Saeed Azhar)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
U.S. President Donald Trump addresses a joint news conference with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg in the East Room at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 12, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump said on Wednesday the United States is prepared to tackle the crisis surrounding North Korea without China if necessary.
The president made the comments at a joint news conference with visiting NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg. Trump met Chinese President Xi Jinping last week and spoke to them by phone on Wednesday night.
"President Xi wants to do the right thing. We had a very good bonding, I think we had a very good chemistry together, I think they want to help us with North Korea," Trump said.
"We talked trade, we talked a lot of things, and I said the way you're going to make a good trade deal is to help us with North Korea, otherwise we're just going to go it alone, that'll be all right too, but going it alone means going with lots of other nations."
(Reporting By Steve Holland; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
EU Council President Donald Tusk holds British Prime Minister Theresa May's Brexit letter, which was delivered by Britain's permanent representative to the European Union Tim Barrow (not pictured) that gives notice of the UK's intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, in Brussels, Belgium, March 29, 2017. Picture taken March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Yves Herman
A European Union flag is held in front of the Big Ben clock tower in Parliament Square during a 'March for Europe' demonstration against Britain's decision to leave the European Union, central London, Britain July 2, 2016. Britain voted to leave the European Union in the EU Brexit referendum. REUTERS/Paul Hackett
BRUSSELS The week Britain filed for divorce from the European Union brought relief in London and Brussels that crockery was not smashed - far from it - but negotiators fear tantrums or even a breakdown once talks start.
The EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier sees them beginning in early June; first the 27 other member states must agree their mandate at an April 29 summit and ministerial meeting on May 22. But talks about talks - who speaks to whom, when, about what and even in what language - could start weeks earlier and may be no less fraught.
Two weeks ago, the Frenchman flashed aside their Parisian jacket to reveal a glimpse of a cudgel beneath; they drew the British a vision of supplies cut off and lines of trucks at the Channel port of Dover if they push their demands over the brink.
This past week was more genteel. British Prime Minister Theresa May and European Council President Donald Tusk's opening gambits for two years of negotiation left each side praising a "constructive" start. Yet both also communicated threats that a deal was not certain; Britain could still be dumped out of the EU into a legal swamp.
As the fateful day approached for May to trigger Article 50 of the EU treaty and launch an unprecedented exit that Brussels wants to ensure remains a one-off, officials on both sides privately sounded increasingly worried the process could work.
But as Tusk sent their draft negotiating guidelines to the 27 other member states on Friday, two days after May's letter triggering Article 50, a senior EU said: "We are more optimistic than we have been that we can get negotiations going."
Keen to stress negotiating red lines, Tusk insisted Britain must pay up a "Brexit bill", give rights to 3 million EU expatriates living in Britain and accept EU rules during years of transition to a new free trade relationship. Much British reaction, however, focused on a proposal to give Spain a veto on new trade terms with Gibraltar.
Setting aside grumbling over Britain's tiny enclave on the south coast of Spain, Iain Duncan Smith, a pro-Brexit former leader of May's Conservative party, told the BBC: "That statement by (Tusk) was a lot more reasonable than I actually had any expectation of."
A commitment to launch talks on a future free trade deal and deep partnership before details of the divorce settlement are reached was particularly welcome in London, even if it did not offer the immediate negotiations some in Britain called for.
But risks remain. Tusk warned of "confrontational" talks.
"There are bound to be good times and bad," said a senior EU diplomat. "Right now, we are all being at least polite."
"EMPTY THREATS"
Brussels saw May's six-page letter on Wednesday as a shift away from London's stance of "we want our cake and eat it".
They acknowledged leaving the EU single market has costs, including accepting rules Britain no longer has a say in, and that a free trade deal will take more than two years to agree and will require some supranational arbiter - even if Britain no longer accepts direct supervising by the European Court of Justice.
"The letter comes across as really quite friendly," a second senior EU diplomat said.
The sourest note was on a possible breakdown in talks - May said earlier that "no deal ... is better than a bad deal" - and a suggestion that this would hurt cooperation on crime and security.
British ministers and Tusk insisted it was wrong to think May had threatened to withhold intelligence. But Tusk, too, made clear Brussels will prepare for a collapse in negotiations. And EU officials insisted that, contrary to British assertions, London had much the weaker hand if talks came to the brink.
"We first have to walk them to the cliff edge and show them how bad it is," one EU official said of Brussels' tactics.
Another said May miscalculated by giving an appearance of making threats on security. "Threats are never a good instrument in negotiations," they said. "Even less, empty ones."
European negotiators are wary of British attempts to divide the 27. Diplomats said Tusk seemed likely to get consensus support for now, although the week also brought home to many the reality of a frantically busy, complex and emotionally fraught two years ahead.
"In many ways this is an absurd exercise. It's a tragedy in which we all must play our predestined roles," one EU negotiator said after May's proposal of a new partnership. "We are tearing something down to replace it with something very similar."
(Additional reporting by Gabriela Baczynska; editing by David Stamp)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
LAGOS, April 13 Nigeria's central bank said on Thursday some commercial lenders have breached its regulatory limit of foreign currency borrowings due to the recent fall in the value of the naira.
In a remedial action, the regulator increased the foreign currency borrowing limit for lenders to 125 percent of their respective shareholders' fund from 75 percent previously, it said in a new circular seen by Reuters on Thursday. (Reporting by Chijioke Ohuocha Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
MADRID French soccer legend Zinedine Zidane on Friday warned against voting for Marine Le Pen's National Front in the run-off in France's presidential election on May 7, repeating their 2002 stand against the far-right party.
"It is the same as in 2002, that I am far away from those ideas, from the National Front, and that we have to avoid it as much as we can," said Zidane, who is frequently voted one of France's most influential personalities and widely regarded as one the greatest players in the history of the game.
Zidane, coach of the Spanish soccer team Real Madrid, spoke after a team training session. They were born in Marseille in southeastern France and is of Algerian descent.
Le Pen trailed centrist Emmanuel Macron at 39 percent of the vote against their 61 percent in a Harris Interactive poll for parliamentary TV channel LCP showed on Thursday.
Several mainstream political figures in France have directly called on voters to back Macron after their candidates failed to reach the runoff. Like Zidane, others have not endorsed them explicitly but urged voters not to back Le Pen.
(Reporting by Guillermo Martinez; Writing by Paul Day; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Meghan Markle's family are under the pump again, this time from a close associate of the royal family.
Meghan Markle's family are under the pump again, this time from a close associate of the royal family.
AN old school friend of Prince Charles has reportedly labelled Meghan Markle's family as "common" and their dad Thomas as a "huge lump".
Nicky Haslam, who went to Eton with Prince Charles and socialised with Princess Diana, reportedly told the Daily Mail that the new Duchess of Sussex's family is "frightfully common".
When asked to describe the new royal in-laws, Haslam, who was born to one of Queen Victoria's goddaughters, reportedly said, "They're frightfully common."
And the newspaper said Haslam also told of their apparent relief that Meghan's dad did not attend the wedding at Windsor Castle on May 19.
Thomas Markle, 73, was forced to miss walking their daughter down the aisle after suffering a heart attack days after being caught posing for staged paparazzi snaps.
According to the Daily Mail, Haslam added: "It would have been awful if that huge lump [Meghan's dad] had been there.
Meghan's sister, Samantha Markle. Picture: Supplied
Thomas Markle Jr has had their run-ins with police. Picture: Supplied
"The royals probably don't quite know how to deal with them."
But Haslem didn't leave their vitriol just for Meghan's beleaguered family; they also reportedly had a crack at their wedding dress.
Haslam told the newspaper they "didn't very much like" their $360,000 Givenchy bridal gown by British designer Clare Waight Keller.
Meghan's mum Doria Ragland escaped the ire of Prince Charles' friend. Picture: Getty Images
Reportedly saying "it didn't fit", they added: "It should have been made of thinner stuff, it seemed to be made of concrete".
But cabaret singer and former designer Haslam did reportedly reserve praise for one member of Meghan's family - mum Doria Ragland.
They said: "One person who wasn't common was their mother".
These days Haslam makes a living as a cabaret singer.
Clarence House declined to comment on their remarks.
- with The Sun
BRIEF-Chongqing Taiji Industry Group plans pharma institute and Chinese patent drug JV in Sichuan
* Says it plans to invest 15.3 million yuan to set up a pharma institute and 6.8 million yuan to set up a Chinese patent drug JV with partners
March 30 PVA TePla AG:
* For fiscal year 2017, a group turnover will be on a scale of 85 million euros ($91.43 million) and EBITDA margin of 6 percent expected Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9297 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Eastar Chemical, Beckmann Chemical, BASF, Merck Millipore, Alfa Aesar, Sigma-Aldrich, Sigma-Aldrich, Cayman Chemical, Zhejiang New Huadee Chemical, Digital Speciality Chemicals, Changzhou Huanan Chemical, Jiangyin Trust-Chem, Hubei Jinghong Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-triphenylphosphine-oxide-791-28-6-market/10344/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Industrial Grade, Pharmaceutical Grade, Others.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Organic Synthesis Intermediates, Pharmaceutical Intermediates, Catalyst, Extraction Agent, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-triphenylphosphine-oxide-791-28-6-market/10344/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Triphenylphosphine Oxide (791-28-6) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
FILE PHOTO: Workers process robusta coffee beans in Toraja, Indonesia's South Sulawesi province, June 22, 2009. Indonesia is the world's second-largest robusta producer after Vietnam. REUTERS/Yusuf Ahmad/File Photo
LONDON Major European coffee buyers such as Nestle (NESN.S) are struggling to obtain supplies of premium robusta beans after heavy rains in Vietnam last year wreaked havoc on the crop in the world's biggest producer.
Coffee roasters with strict requirements about the quality of their robusta beans, a cheaper variety than arabica and used for instant coffee, are rejecting deliveries, traders said.
Roasters complain the coffee is musty and bitter, having been soaked last autumn by heavy rains during harvesting, when farmers lay the coffee cherries out to dry.
The weather damage can also be seen in the colour -- more beans than usual are a brown or black hue rather than the typical pale green colour of raw coffee.
Nestle, the world's largest coffee company, has been hit particularly hard, traders said, since it has also committed to buying coffee that meets the voluntary Common Code for the Coffee Community, known as the 4C sustainability standards.
"They have specific quality standards that are generally higher than others," said one European trader.
Sourcing coffee has been more difficult this year due to roughly 20 percent lower production in Vietnam, as well as a second poor crop in Brazil, the world's second largest robusta grower.
Traders said Nestle had earlier this year tendered for roughly 3 million 60-kg bags of Vietnamese robusta coffee for March 2017/March 2018 delivery.
One trader said Nestle typically uses 5-6 million bags of Vietnamese robusta coffee a year, which represents nearly a quarter of the country's 2016/2017 output, expected at about 24.5 million bags.
Nestle declined a request for comment.
Nestle could try alternative sources, traders said, but few countries grow the beans it needs on a large scale.
While 4C is a widely used benchmark, only about 29 percent -- 2.6 million tonnes (43.3 million bags) in 2015 according to the Global Coffee Platform -- of coffee grown globally meets Nestle's specification. Most 4C robusta comes from Vietnam.
The bulk of 4C is arabica coffee, typically used in premium blends, from countries such as Brazil and Colombia.
Indonesia, the world's third largest robusta producer, grows some 4C coffee, but traders said it usually falls short of Nestle's taste test.
"You are stuck because you committed to that supply chain and that sustainability programme," said a second trader. "You might have the perfect coffee next door - but it's not certified."
Higher quality coffee from India and Uganda could fit Nestle's profile, but these countries also produce only small volumes of 4C coffee and traders say the premium on supplies from these countries is $160-$200 a tonne to top quality Vietnamese robusta.
For now, quality issues have mostly affected companies which buy on taste rather than the look of robusta beans and the coffee shunned by Nestle is expected to easily find a home and unlikely to be discounted.
"There are plenty of people who are less strict," another trader said.
More broadly, the market is worried about future supplies from Vietnam due to producers having sold forward their best coffee in a bid to lock in profits earlier this year, when robusta prices LRCc1 hit 5-1/2 year highs of $2,282 a tonne.
The low grade quality of the remaining stock in Vietnam is causing concern, as is the volume farmers and middlemen are holding at this point in the season. Traders estimated just 20-30 percent remains in the country, compared with 45-50 percent in a typical year.
Focus is also on discoloured beans, which some dealers say could make up 8 to 10 percent of the total crop. Traders say more than 20 percent of Vietnam's remaining crop could be black beans, which affect taste and may have to be blended with the next crop.
Price differentials have not yet shifted dramatically, but the discount for lower quality beans suggests oversupply; grade 3 is trading about $150-$200 a tonne below Grade 2 compared with about $100 previously.
"The longer we go, the more we realise we've drawn down the good coffee," said a third trader.
"At some point this is going to be an issue."
For graphic on coffee prices against Vietnam's output click on reut.rs/2o6imQH
(Additional reporting by Michael Hogan in Hamburg and Mai Nguyen in Hanoi, editing by David Evans)
May 2 Dryships Inc:
* Dryships Inc announces successful delivery of its first modern newcastlemax vessel and commencement of one year time charter contract
* Dryships Inc- taken delivery of its first previously announced 205,855 DWT newcastlemax drybulk vessel built in 2014
* Dryships- vessel successfully delivered to 1 year time charter with major grain house, which is expected to provide a total gross backlog of $7.1 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PREVIEW-Rugby-Wallabies seek extra gear against new-look Scots
SYDNEY, June 15 A Wallabies side boasting a semblance of stability faces a Scotland team taking its first steps under a new coach in a test that promises plenty of running rugby on Saturday.
March 31Kyland Technology Co Ltd :
* Says net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to increase by 40 percent to 70 percent, or to be 8.2 million yuan to 9.9 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (5.8 million yuan)
* Says increased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Y780sj
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
May 2 S&T Ag
* Says decides increase of capital by way of contribution in kind due to planned Kontron ag merger
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Frankfurt Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-Russia's Polyus sets price range for share offer in London, Moscow
MOSCOW, June 15 Russia's top gold producer Polyus said on Thursday it had set a price range for the offering of between 7 and 9 percent of its shares, including new shares, in London and Moscow.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Banca IFIS SpA:
* SAYS COMPLETED ACQUISITION OF 100% IN CAP.ITAL.FIN S.P.A. FOR ABOUT EUR 2 MILLION Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
RPT-Soccer-Chelsea to host Burnley in Premier League season opener
LONDON, England, June 14 Chelsea will open the defence of their Premier League title at home to Burnley when the season kicks off on the weekend of Aug.12-13.
May 2 Onebeacon Insurance Group
* Onebeacon Insurance Group says deal for $18.10 per share
* Onebeacon to be acquired by Intact Financial Corporation for $1.7 billion
* In addition, Onebeacon debt of approximately $275 million will remain outstanding
* Transaction was unanimously approved by Onebeacon's board of directors Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc
* Reata Pharmaceuticals, Inc. secures $35 million term loan facility
* Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc says entered into a $35 million loan and security agreement with Oxford Finance Llc and Silicon Valley Bank
* Reata Pharma - proceeds will be utilized primarily to support multiple phase 2, 3 clinical trial programs for bardoxolone methyl and omavaloxolone Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 10 British toymaker Hornby Plc said on Monday that it received a request from a leading shareholder to call a meeting seeking removal of chairperson Roger Canham.
* The toy-maker said it received a letter from Ian Alexander Anton, signed on behalf of ROY nominees and a group of HSBC global custody nominees together representing 20 percent of the company's share capital.
* Hornby said the shareholders are seeking a meeting to consider resolutions to remove Roger Canham from their office and to name Ian Anton as the chairperson with immediate effect.
* Roger Canham has been Hornby's chairperson since February 2013 and is also the chairperson of Phoenix Asset Management Partners Ltd, one of the top shareholder in Hornby.
* The company, in middle of turnaround, said the board intends to call the meeting within the next 21 days.
* The company said on the Friday that first half of the turnaround plan progressed in-line with board's plan.
* The company initiated a turnaround plan last June aiming to decrease its product lines by 40 percent and exit a majority of its concession agreements to boost its gross margins.
* Shares in Hornby were up 1.5 percent up at 33.96 pence at 0711 GMT. (Reporting by Rahul B in Bengaluru; Editing by Sunil Nair)
May 3 Cbl & Associates Properties Inc
* Cbl & Associates properties reports results for first quarter 2017
* Q1 adjusted FFO per share $0.52
* Cbl & Associates Properties Inc qtrly funds from operations per diluted share $0.53
* Cbl & Associates properties qtrly noi declined $1.8 million, due to $2.6 million decrease in revenue, partially offset by $0.8 million decrease in operating expense
* Cbl & Associates Properties Inc - anticipates ffo, as adjusted, in range of $2.18 - $2.24 per diluted share for 2017
* Cbl & Associates Properties Inc sees same-center noi growth in range of negative 2.0% - 0% in 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 20 Eurofins-Cerep:
* Reported on Wednesday FY revenue of 23.4 million euros ($25.10 million) versus 22.5 million euros year ago
* FY operating result is a profit of 1.63 million euros against a profit of 0.99 million euros in 2015
* The net result in 2016 is a profit of 2.49 million euros against a profit of 1.81 million euros in 2015.
Source text: bit.ly/2oNh8wu
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9324 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 2 Superior Plus Corp-
* Superior Plus Corp announces strong 2017 first quarter results
* Superior Plus Corp - qtrly adjusted operating cash flow per share before transaction and other costs of $0.77
* Superior Plus Corp - 2017 financial outlook of aocf per share has been updated to $1.50 to $1.75
* Superior Plus Corp qtrly net earnings per share, diluted $0.34
* Qtrly revenue $675.7 million versus $563.5 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3472, or 74.31 U.S. cents * Bond prices lower across the maturity curve (Adds details, quote, updates prices) TORONTO/OTTAWA, April 20 The Canadian dollar strengthened modestly against the greenback on Thursday, recovering from a nearly six-week low, though it was expected to remain on the ropes in the longer term as monetary policy in Canada and the United States diverge. The small gain came after two sessions of losses, while oil prices ended the day mixed as rising U.S. production was tempered by geopolitical uncertainty. U.S. crude oil futures ended down 17 cents at $50.27 a barrel, though Brent was up 6 cents to $52.99 a barrel. A weak U.S. dollar also helped the loonie, but the greenback likely still has some upward momentum to it, given the strengthening U.S. economy and anticipated interest rate hikes from the Federal Reserve, said Rahim Madhavji, president at KnightsbridgeFX.com. With the Bank of Canada staying on the sidelines and oil prices relatively weak, the Canadian dollar could grind lower to C$1.36, said Madhavji. "The saving hope for the loonie is either oil or the Bank of Canada and neither of them seem to be enforcing themselves at this time." The Canadian dollar finished at C$1.3472 to the greenback, or 74.31 U.S. cents, slightly stronger than Wednesday's close of C$1.3480, or 74.18 U.S. cents. It traded in a tight range between C$1.3500 and C$1.3457, after changing hands in the C$1.33 range earlier in the week. Investors were turning their attention to inflation data due at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT) on Friday for further signs that the country's economy is picking up. Economists polled by Reuters expect the annual inflation rate cooled to 1.8 percent in March. Canadian government bond prices were lower across the maturity curve, with the two-year price down 2 Canadian cents to yield 0.734 percent and the benchmark 10-year off 13 Canadian cents to yield 1.481 percent. The Canada-U.S. two-year bond spread was slightly narrower at -45.9 basis points, while the 10-year spread was also tighter at -75.5 basis points. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp in Toronto and Leah Schnurr in Ottawa; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
March 30 Golden Star Resources Ltd:
* Co's unit has signed a commitment letter for a $25 million secured loan facility with Ecobank Ghana Limited
* Golden Star Resources Ltd - Golden Star enters into financing facility
* Golden Star Resources Ltd - anticipates that any drawdowns from facility would be used for general working capital purposes
* Golden Star Resources- interest on amounts drawn under facility would be payable monthly at three months LIBOR plus a spread of 8.0% payable in arrears Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 3 Grupa Recykl SA:
* Its unit, Recykl Organizacja Odzysku SA, signs more than 1.2 million euros ($1.28 million)operating leasing deal with Pekao Leasing Sp. z o.o. for line for tire recycling as well as line for cleaning the wire "in line" and dust collector
Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9380 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
(Corrects Belotti goal tally in penultimate para)
MILAN, April 2 AC Milan's European hopes suffered a setback when they were held 1-1 at basement side Pescara on Sunday after a rare mistake by 18-year-old goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma.
Genoa fans turned their backs to the pitch in protest during a 5-0 home defeat by Atalanta and a late goal by Diego Falcinelli gave Crotone their first-ever Serie A away win as they won 2-1 at Chievo.
Milan gifted the Dolphins an early goal when Donnarumma missed the ball completely as they tried to control Gabriel Paletta's back pass and it flew straight into the goal.
Mario Pasalic levelled before halftime but, despite dominating the second half, Milan failed to find a winner and were left seventh with 54 points.
They dropped four behind of fifth-placed Atalanta who were sent on their way when defender Andrea Conti met Leonardo Spinazzola's cross with a superb overhead kick after 25 minutes.
Alejandro Gomez helped themselves to a hat-trick, including one penalty, and Mattia Caldara also scored while the Genoa had Mauricio Pinilla sent off just after the hour. Genoa's hardcore Ultra fans turned their backs to the pitch after the third goal.
Falcinelli curled in an exquisite effort in the 82nd minute to give Crotone a famous win which left them five points behind 17th placed Empoli and safety.
Andrea Belotti hit the post twice before finally scoring in the 83rd minute to take their season's tally to 23 goals and give Torino a 2-2 draw at home to Udinese.
Palermo's troubles continued as they were beaten 3-1 at home by Cagliari leaving them seven points adrift of safety in the drop zone. (Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Clare Lovell)
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Mechanics push the car of Ferrari Formula One driver Sebastian Vettel of Germany during the qualifying session. REUTERS/Yuri Kochetkov/Pool
Formula One - F1 - Russian Grand Prix - Sochi, Russia - 29/04/17 - Ferrari Formula One drivers Sebastian Vettel of Germany and Kimi Raikkonen of Finland wave after qualifying session. REUTERS/Maxim Shemetov
SOCHI, Russia Kimi Raikkonen, the Formula One Finn who has turned understatement into an art form, lived up to their laconic best after they and Ferrari teammate Sebastian Vettel locked out the front row in Russian Grand Prix qualifying.
"A one-two for the team is not bad," the 2007 world champion acknowledged to reporters.
If ever there was a case for the church bells of Maranello to peal in jubilation at Ferrari success on a Saturday, and for the locals to maybe crack open the spumante a day early, the afternoon in Sochi was surely one of them.
Ferrari have not started a grand prix on pole position since September 2015 and it has been nearly nine years, an age for the sport's oldest and most successful team, since the red cars lined up together on the front row.
Saturday was only the sixth time since 2008 that Ferrari fans, whose glamour team failed to win a race in 2016, had been able to celebrate a pole position.
But the red tide appears to have turned, with Vettel winning two of the first three races this season and now adding a pole to the mix.
A third win from the opening four races, a feat again unseen since 2008, is definitely on the cards.
If Raikkonen barely modulated their tone, Vettel was far more excited.
"For now we're full of joy," declared the four-times champion, who won their titles at Red Bull.
"We're very happy that we're back -- at least if you talk about the front row for Saturday -- and obviously we'll try and take the momentum into the race tomorrow.
"For the team it's a great day today. Mercedes has been very, very dominant the last years in qualifying, so it's good to get there, get closer," added the German, who refused to let any concerns cloud the occasion.
Asked by an Italian reporter about the possibility of penalties further down the road as a result of having to replace engine components, Vettel expressed mock outrage.
"He's Italian, they should be over the moon. Everybody in Italy I'm sure is very happy now and you're the only Italian in the world that finds a reason to be negative. You should be ashamed," they exclaimed.
"Maybe I think you will have a great chance to get a German passport because usually Germans always find a reason to complain.
"If there's a hard time when you get back to Italy you're welcome to Germany."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Neville Dalton)
April 13 Wells Fargo & Co's failure to convince regulators it can go through bankruptcy without severely disrupting financial markets is effectively costing the bank $100 million in trading revenues each quarter, its management said on Thursday.
In December, Wells Fargo failed a so-called living will test administered by U.S. bank regulators. As a result, the bank is not allowed to establish international bank entities or acquire non-bank subsidiaries until regulators sign off on an amended plan.
Regulators can eventually force Wells Fargo to shrink its balance sheet to the level it was at on Sept. 30 if it does not appease them within two years.
Instead of waiting for that possibility, the third-largest U.S. bank is keeping its balance sheet at that size.
"Because we wouldn't want to put ourselves in the position of having to make an abrupt change for something that was out of our control, we decided to leave things at that level, and they're still operating there today," Chief Executive Tim Sloan said on a call with analysts after the bank reported first-quarter earnings.
Chief Financial Officer John Shrewsberry said Wells Fargo is holding lower trading assets to maintain balance sheet size, a decision that prevents the bank from earning an extra $100 million per quarter.
(Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Meredith Mazzilli)
Contact
Sabina Hart
***@theiconteam.com Sabina Hart
End
-- ICON Management Services, Inc. (ICON), an expanding management company for golf and country clubs and community associations throughout Florida, is pleased to announce that Michael Fleming has joined the ICON Team as Vice President of Community Associations, effective April 13, 2017.Mr. Fleming obtained their Community Association Manager (CAM) license in 1988, bringing to ICON an impressive 30 years of experience in all types of residential communities. Michael earned the Professional Community Association Manager (PCAM) designation in 2004, the highest designation in the community management industry. As a Florida resident of over thirty years, and having raised three children in the state, Michael certainly understands the residents and unique needs of Florida community associations.In their current role, Mr. Fleming looks forward to working closely with ICON's outstanding team to develop and implement systems that will better service their clients."I am very grateful to Dennis Colletti [ICON CEO] and Wes Miller [ICON President] for allowing me to join their team. ICON is a first class organization. Together, we look forward to driving the success of this fine and growing company," says Fleming.President Wes Miller states, "We are very eager about Michael joining the company. Their extensive operational experience—coupled with a deep commitment to (and track record of) providing outstanding service to homeowners and members—makes Michael the ideal individual for leading ICON's association management division.ICON is privileged to welcome Michael Fleming to the Team. There is no doubt that, with such an extensive background and positive approach, they will be an invaluable asset to all Team Members and communities under ICONIC care.(est. 2007) is a Florida based property management company that has built a team of professionals such as on-staff agronomists, PGA qualified golf professionals, licensed community association managers, lifestyle and fitness directors, talented chefs, experienced club managers, accountants, and more. Regardless the complexity of needs, ICON will manage golf and country clubs, homeowners' associations, resort communities, food and beverage departments, etc. with a focus on creating, developing, and nurturing relationships. We set the standard by which all others in the industry are judged as we strive to lead the way in providing world-class, deeply involved, andservice to some of the most prominent clubs and communities in Florida and beyond. ICON Team Members are role models who set an example ofhospitality—a level of service that creates a point of differentiation and a competitive advantage over other management companies. Our commitment lies in helping communities achieve progressive change and ongoing positive results.Learn more about ICON at www.theiconteam.com or call (941) 747-7261.
FILE PHOTO: AFD chairperson Frauke Petry and Joerg Meuthen of Germany's anti-immigration party Alternative for Germany (AFD) speak on the AFD's party congress in Cologne Germany, April 22, 2017. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay/File Photo
BERLIN Germany's main far-right party has asked an election monitor to ensure it gets fair treatment in September's federal election, saying that civil society groups had tried to sabotage its campaigns in the past.
In a letter to the Organisation for Security and Cooperation (OSCE), Alternative for Germany (AfD) said its posters had been defaced, supporters put off attending events due to protests, hotels threatened for renting rooms to the party, and activists attacked, all "severe constraints" on its campaigning
"We have reason to worry that we will not be guaranteed unrestricted participation in the election campaign in a fair way," AfD co-leaders Frauke Petry and Joerg Meuthen wrote in the letter dated April 28 and seen by Reuters on Tuesday,
The anti-immigrant party polls at between 7 and 10 percent - comfortably above the 5 percent threshold needed to enter parliament. But many Germans despise it and some 15,000 people protested outside its party congress in April.
The OSCE monitored Germany's last federal election in 2013 and the government has already asked it to do the same this time.
(Reporting by Hans-Edzard Busemann; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)
March 30 Beijing TRS Information Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees to swing to net loss at 4.6 million yuan to 5.2 million yuan in FY 2017 Q1 versus net profit at 2.1 million yuan in FY 2016 Q1
* Says increased labor cost as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Oyl0qx
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
An analysis of particles in mussels colonies on the coast of Norway has shown that four out of five of the molluscs contain microplastics.
The Norwegian Institute for Water Research (Norsk Institutt for Vannforskning, Niva) conducted the research on behalf of the country's Environment Agency (Miljødirektoratet), reports newspaper VG.
“Microplastics are likely to be mainly found in the animal's digestive system. But since we eat the entire mussel, microplastics could be finding their way on to Norwegian dining tables,” Environment Agency director Ellen Hambro told VG.
13 different tests were carried out on 252 mussels, with 193 being shown to contain microplastics, according to the report.
Researcher Amy Lusher, who wrote Niva's report, told VG that little is known about the consequences for humans of eating microplastics.
“There is increasing awareness around this problem. There is increasing concern for the consequences of eating mussels with microplastic in them,” they said.
Microplastics are small plastic particles in the environment that can be produced by industry or by larger pieces of plastic being broken down.
The particles can find their way into human organs, Lusher said.
The Environment Agency sees plastic pollution as a threat to wildlife on the coasts and in the ocean.
“Norway will try to solve the serious environmental problem of pollution of the oceans through local, national and international initiatives,” Hambro told VG.
The plastic also negatively affects the health of the mussels and the way they grow, Lusher added.
“We must now assess the consequences of plastics in mussels, whether it can affect populations and how ecosystems are affected,” they said.
Both synthetic and semi-synthetic types of plastic were found by researchers, writes VG. Semi-synthetic plastics are mostly used in the textile industry, while synthetic plastics are used to make plastic bottles and consumer products, Lusher said.
READ ALSO: Norwegian government to spend millions removing litter from sea
An Alitalia airplane takes off at the Fiumicino International airport in Rome, Italy February 12, 2016. REUTERS/Tony Gentile
ROME Italy's struggling flagship airline Alitalia will hold non-stop talks with trade unions from April 6-13 over contested plans for job cuts, before launching a capital increase on April 14, government ministers said on Thursday.
Industry Minister Carlo Calenda and Transport Minister Graziano Delrio spoke to reporters after a day of negotiations with unions and company officials.
Italy's flag carrier, which has made an annual profit only a few times in its 70-year history, is in a race against time to win union support for its latest plan to unlock financing from shareholders and avoid having to ground planes.
(Reporting by Alberto Sisto, writing by Gavin Jones, editing by Valentina Za)
April 3 Braas Monier Building Group SA:
* Standard Industries completes acquisition of Braas Monier to form global roofing leader
* Combined Icopal and Braas Monier business will operate under name "BMI Group"
* Tony Robson, Executive Chairman of Icopal, will become Executive Chairman of BMI Group
* Matthew Russell Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Braas Monier, will become CFO of BMI Group Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 2 Cineplex Inc:
* Cineplex Inc. Reports record first quarter results and announces dividend increase
* Q1 revenue C$394.2 million versus I/B/E/S view C$393.8 million
* Cineplex - 3.7 pct dividend increase to $1.68 per share on an annual basis from current $1.62 per share
* Cineplex qtrly earnings per share $0.37
* Q1 earnings per share view c$0.35 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Cineplex - CEO Ellis Jacob has renewed their employment agreement for two additional years, confirming their employment through december 31, 2020 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
ASUNCION, March 30 Uruguay is closing in on its yearly inflation target of 3 percent to 7 percent, central bank chief Mario Bergara said on Thursday, raising hope that March's consumer price data could push the country into range after years of higher-than-desired inflation.
Consumer prices in Uruguay rose 0.5 percent in February and inflation for the previous 12 months totaled 7.1 percent,
"We are at the doorway to the target range established by the economy ministry and the central bank. We hope to enter this range sooner rather than later. Hopefully this month, but we have to wait and see the data," Bergara said on the sidelines of a meeting of the Inter-American Development Bank in Asuncion.
February's consumer price reading moved Uruguay to within striking range of its target after January inflation data showed a higher-than-expected 2.6 percent increase, which put 12-month inflation at 8.3 percent. (Reporting by Daniela Desantis; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 7-UPS shooting leaves four dead, including gunman, in San Francisco
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver armed with a handgun opened fire at a United Parcel Service Inc package-sorting center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three people before fatally shooting themselves as officers closed in.
UPDATE 1-Ex-Visium fund manager sentenced to 18 months after fraud conviction
June 14 A former portfolio manager at Visium Asset Management LP was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Wednesday following their conviction on securities fraud charges stemming from an investigation that led the New York-based hedge fund to close last year.
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
UPDATE 3-GE merges power units as exec who lost out on GE CEO job retires
SEATTLE, June 14 General Electric Co said on Wednesday it will combine its power and energy distribution businesses to create its largest unit by revenue as the top executive at GE Power announced their retirement after failing to win the conglomerate's CEO job.
May 2 Hong Kong stocks followed Asian shares higher, as optimism over strong tech industry earnings and receding concerns over North Korea offset softer-than-expected factory surveys in China and the United States.
The Hang Seng index rose 0.3 percent, to 24,696.13, the highest level in 21 months, led by index heavyweight Tencent , which advanced 2 percent to a record high.
The China Enterprises Index lost 0.5 percent, to 10,173.62 points.
Market sentiment has been restrained by fears that China's economic recovery is fading.
Growth in China's manufacturing sector slowed faster than expected in April, an official survey showed on Sunday, as producer price inflation cooled and policymakers' efforts to reduce financial risks in the economy weighed on demand.
But tech shares were strong with the sub-index rising 1.6 percent.
Mainland shares listed in Hong Kong fell for a fourth session in a row amid concerns that property curbs in China will hurt developers' earnings. (Reporting by the Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
FILE PICTURE: A television journalist sets their camera inside the premises of the Supreme Court in New Delhi February 18, 2014. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee
NEW DELHI India's top court on Wednesday banned the sale of vehicles running on older Euro III fuel technology from April 1, a decision that led to a sharp fall in shares of major automakers sitting on unsold inventories.
Shares of two-wheeler manufacturer Hero MotoCorp fell as much as 4.4 percent, while those of truck manufacturer Ashok Leyland were down as much as 6.6 percent and carmaker Tata Motors' shares dropped nearly 2 percent.
The court, in its judgment, said health concerns of citizens took precedence over any financial losses for companies.
India, in 2015, had said automakers must manufacture only Euro IV-compliant vehicles from April 1, 2017 as they are less polluting, but did not propose banning the sale of older-technology vehicles from the same day.
Currently Euro IV vehicles, locally known as Bharat Stage (BS) IV, are sold in select states, while Euro III vehicles are sold more widely across the country.
There is unsold stock of more than 800,000 BS III-compliant vehicles, mainly two-wheelers, worth about 120 billion rupees ($1.85 billion), Mumbai-based Angel Broking said in a note.
It added that the older technology two-wheeler inventory could be sold in international markets where such vehicles are still permitted.
"Days before the deadline, they said you cannot sell," Vinod Dasari, president of the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), and managing director of Ashok Leyland, told television channel BTVi.
"I don't think this much inventory can be sold off in the next couple of days," Dasari said.
($1 = 64.9050 Indian rupees)
(Reporting by Suchitra Mohanty, writing by Aditi Shah; Editing by Sunil Nair)
UPDATE 8-UPS worker kills 3 colleagues in San Francisco, turns gun on themselves
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 A UPS driver opened fire with a handgun inside a United Parcel Service Inc delivery center in San Francisco on Wednesday, killing three co-workers before fatally shooting themselves as police closed in, authorities and company officials said.
May 2 BP Plc:
* Q1 underlying replacement cost profit $1.51 billion versus $532 million year ago
* Q1 production for quarter was 2,388mboe/d, 3.0% higher than q1 of 2016
* Expect second-quarter 2017 reported production to be broadly flat with q1
* Quarterly dividend of 10.00 cents per ordinary share
* Q1 downstream underlying replacement cost profit before interest and tax $1.74 billion versus $1.81 billion year ago
* Q1 upstream underlying replacement cost profit before interest and tax $1.4 billion versus loss of $747 million year ago
* Net debt at 31 March 2017 was $38.6 billion, compared with $30.0 billion a mainly due to impact of renewal of interest in Abu Dhabi year ago
* Net debt ratio* at 31 March 2017 was 28.0%, compared with onshore oil concession. Adjusted ETR for both periods reflects 23.6% a year ago
* Divestment proceeds were $0.3 billion for Q1, compared with was 29%, compared with 37% for same period in 2016. Adjusting for $1.1 billion for same period in 2016
* Expect material improvement in operating cash flow from second half
* Q1 operating cash flow, excluding payments related to Gulf of Mexico oil spill of $4.4 billion
* Expect divestments to be in the range of $4.5-5.5 billion for 2017
* Acquisition price of a 100% interest in kondaneft project is expected to be approximately $700 million
* Continue to expect organic capital expenditure to be in the range of $15-17 billion for 2017
* Gulf of mexico oil spill pre-tax charge, which predominantly relates to finance costs for unwinding of discounting effects, was $161 million for quarter Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Four naked mole-rats are seen in a University of Illinois at Chicago laboratory in an undated photo released April 20, 2017. Courtesy of Thomas Park/UIC/Handout via REUTERS
WASHINGTON They are homely, buck-toothed, pink, nearly hairless and just plain weird, but one of the many odd traits of rodents called naked mole-rats that live in subterranean bliss in the deserts of East Africa could someday be of great benefit to people.
Scientists said on Thursday the rodents, when deprived of oxygen in their crowded underground burrows, survive by switching to a unique type of metabolism based on the sugar fructose rather than the usual glucose, the only animal known to do so.
Metabolizing fructose is a plant strategy, and the researchers were surprised to see it in a mammal. They now hope to harness lessons learned from this rodent to design future therapies for people to prevent calamitous damage during heart attacks or strokes when oxygenated blood cannot reach the brain.
Naked mole-rats, they found, can survive up to 18 minutes with no oxygen and at least five hours in low-oxygen conditions that would kill a person in minutes.
More closely related to porcupines than moles or rats, they thrive in colonies boasting up to 300 members including a breeding queen in an insect-like social structure of cooperation in food-gathering and tunnel-digging. With all those rodents breathing and clogging up burrows, they often encounter low-oxygen and high-carbon dioxide conditions.
"Naked mole-rats have evolved in an extremely different environment from most other mammals and they have had millions of years to figure out how to survive dramatic oxygen deprivation," said neurobiologist Thomas Park of the University of Illinois at Chicago, who helped lead the study published in the journal Science.
In low-oxygen conditions, they enter a coma-like state and release fructose into the blood. By shifting their metabolism from the normal glucose-based system that relies on oxygen to a fructose-based system that does not, they can fuel vital organs such as the heart and brain.
Naked mole-rats live up to 30 years, decades longer than other rodents, are nearly immune to cancer and do not feel many types of pain. As the only cold-blooded mammal, they huddle together in mole-rat piles in order to keep warm. Their lips close behind their teeth so that they can dig with their teeth without getting dirt in their mouths. Their ears and eyes are tiny, and they have poor eyesight.
"Fructose has been linked to obesity and metabolic syndrome but that's because we over-consume it in sweet beverages and junk food. Perhaps there is a use, and an important one, for fructose in moderate doses after all," added molecular biologist Jane Reznick of the Max Delbrück Center for Molecular Medicine in the Helmholtz Association in Berlin.
(Reporting by Will Dunham; Editing by Sandra Maler)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=cpurl://apps.cp./cms/?pageId=stock-index-poll Reuters poll data
By Shashwat Pradhan
BENGALURU, March 29 Australia's stock market is seen edging higher in 2017 and into the next year, a Reuters poll found, supported by broad optimism that has swept global equities in recent months though some analysts see risks from any aggressive U.S. interest rate hikes.
The benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index closed at its highest in nearly two years on Tuesday, underpinned by hopes regulators will tighten the screws on mortgage lending to hose down a heated housing market.
The rapid surge in house prices over the past few years has raised fears of a property market crash, so the tighter rules are seen as tempering those risks.
While concerns still persist around the housing market, a strong rally in iron ore prices and the Reserve Bank of Australia's optimistic view about the economy have kept investor sentiment high.
The improved confidence has been supported by a rally in global stocks this year thanks to expectations U.S. President Donald Trump will cut taxes and ease financial regulations, which have pushed U.S. shares further into record territory.
According to the latest poll of 15 strategists, taken over the past week, the Aussie index is expected to rise 2 percent this year from Tuesday's close of 5,821.23.
That would mark the fourth straight quarterly Reuters stocks poll in which respondents have predicted a strong 2017 for Australian stocks.
The index is expected at 5,800 by mid-2017 and then rise to 5,950 by the end of the year before continuing its climb above the 6,000 barriers by mid-2018.
Sentiment has also been boosted by a sharp rebound in Australia's economy in the fourth quarter of 2016, as commodity exports boomed while consumers and the government lifted spending, extending the resource rich nation's 25-year streak of uninterrupted expansion.
But spiking bond yields and concerns around the pace of interest rate hikes in the United States are seen as the greatest risks facing the expected rally.
The Fed's widely-anticipated rate hike earlier this month was only its third since the global financial crisis. But it came earlier than what markets had expected only weeks before, and has set the stage for two more increases this year as the U.S. economy strengthens.
"The pace of U.S. monetary policy normalisation will need to be accelerated to accommodate the improving economic fundamentals - particularly in light of a much tighter U.S. labour market," said Andrew Tang, equity strategy analyst at stockbroker Morgans.
"We see higher global bond yields as a tipping point for equity markets towards the end of 2017."
When asked on the likelihood the Australian index falls 10 percent by the end of the year, most strategists said such a drop was likely.
"We have had four 10 percent or more pullbacks since the GFC (global financial crisis), that is four pullbacks of 10 percent in eight years. Since 2002 there have been seven pullbacks of 10 percent or more, suggesting a 50 percent chance," said Damien Hennessy of Heuristic Investment Systems.
"Causes could be more rapid hike in Fed funds, Chinese slowdown, and European politics."
(For other stories from the Reuters global stock markets poll) (Reporting and polling by Benjamin Weir and Tom Westbrook in Sydney, Shashwat Pradhan and Rushil Dutta in Bengaluru; Editing by Rahul Karunakar & Shri Navaratnam)
In the Alabama Republican Senate race, every candidate wants to be just like Donald Trump.
But in Tuesday's primary, the leading candidate sounds and acts more like the president, while it's the incumbent, an appointed senator just fighting to make it into a likely runoff, who has Trump's actual blessing — but also the curse of being Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's favorite candidate.
That's the conundrum of the Republican contest, largely seen as a three-way race between front-runner Roy Moore, a controversial former Alabama Supreme Court chief justice; Sen. Luther Strange, appointed back in February to fill the seat of now-Attorney General Jeff Sessions; and Rep. Mo Brooks, who's seized on an anti-McConnell platform as the president's attacks against the Senate's top Republican have intensified recently.
Moore has consistently polled atop the field, and looks likely to claim a spot in a probable September runoff. Their ads sound downright Trumpian, promising to "drain the swamp" and taking a swipe at D.C. elites.
Moore is well-known throughout the state — and the country — too. They first gained national notoriety when they refused to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments from a state judicial building despite a federal court order; Moore themselves was then removed from their position as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2003. They won election to the same post again in 2012, but was then suspended after they ordered judges to enforce the state's ban on same-sex marriage despite the Supreme Court's 2015 decision in favor of gay marriage nationwide under the federal Constitution. They resigned earlier this year to challenge Strange.
To state observers, it's not surprising that Moore has been able to build a strong following and even expand beyond what might be their typical conservative base in the state.
"Alabama voters supported Trump because they spoke their mind and said all the things they had been thinking about government," said Brent Buchanan, a GOP strategist and pollster in the state. "Out of all the candidates, Roy Moore has some of those similar characteristics. You may not agree with all of their policy or personal preferences, but you know that Roy Moore is going to do what Roy Moore believes."
That's why it was so, well, strange last week when Trump tweeted out their support for Strange, saying the incumbent has their "complete and total endorsement!"
The senator has benefited from millions of dollars in ads from the McConnell-aligned Senate Leadership Fund super PAC. The very next day after endorsing Strange, Trump started going on Twitter tirades against the GOP Senate leader for failing to pass a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act.
Strange has tried to prove their loyalty to the president ever since they were appointed under less than auspicious circumstances. As Alabama's attorney general, Strange was investigating then-Gov. Robert Bentley for misuse of their office amid a sex scandal when Bentley chose Strange to replace Sessions. Facing impeachment, Bentley eventually resigned, and the new governor, Kay Ivey, moved up the date for the special election to replace Sessions long-term.
Polling done in the wake of Trump's surprise endorsement showed that the president's blessing had done little — yet — to move the needle toward Strange. One by cygnal, Buchanan's firm, conducted partly after the endorsement, showed Moore still with a lead and high favorables, Strange remained static and it was Brooks who took a hit.
Buchanan said the Trump endorsement could help Strange turn out some who were less likely to vote on Tuesday, which could be key in what's already expected to be a very low-turnout affair.
And the pro-Trump America First Action super PAC also announced late Friday it would be spending up to $200,000 on digital ads targeting Trump voters to encourage them to come out for Strange.
However, although he's slipping in polling, Brooks is hoping to turn McConnell's fervent support for Strange into a last-ditch way to get into the likely runoff against Moore. He's hitched a "Ditch Mitch" banner to their campaign bus in the final days, and in their closing ad they echo Trump's frustration with McConnell's inability to push through an Obamacare repeal.
"McConnell and Strange are weak, but together we can be strong," Brooks says. "Mr. President, isn't it time we tell McConnell and Strange, 'You're fired?'"
Ultimately, the Huntsville-area member of congress hasn't had the resources the other two candidates have had, and they haven't been elected statewide before like Moore and Strange. And, perhaps most damaging, they were certainly no fan of Trump during the GOP presidential primaries last year, during which they supported Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. McConnell's super PAC has pointed that out in ads, saying Brooks sided with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass.
If Strange does fall short of the runoff, University of Alabama political science professor emeritus William Stewart, a longtime political observer in the state, said that's a big problem for McConnell. And, if Strange does make it to the likely September runoff, expect that to be a big point Moore can use against Strange, too.
"The McConnell support for Strange will not be helpful because McConnell, as the president says, hasn't been successful at pushing through the president's agenda, " Stewart said. "If Strange doesn't make the runoff, that's a definite blow to McConnell," more so than Trump.
Polling shows Moore is still the favorite against Strange in a runoff, and that's where the McConnell ties could be the most deadly — and place the president in a more precarious spot given their surprising endorsement. Stewart said it would be interesting to watch how much Trump puts their muscle behind Strange later, and something like traveling to Alabama — one of Trump's best states in 2016 — for a rally on the senator's behalf would certainly give Strange a boost.
No matter who wins the GOP nomination though, they'll be the heavy favorite in the December general election, even if it's the more controversial Moore. Democrats are expected to nominate Doug Jones, a former U.S. attorney, though they could face a runoff against the aptly-named Robert Kennedy Jr., a Naval veteran who is not related to the famous Democratic political family.
If Moore is the GOP nominee, it will be interesting to watch whether the Democrats can make it even a mildly competitive contest — something Stewart, the former University of Alabama professor, said is doubtful, and is emblematic of the problems the party faces overall in the South.
"Right now the Democratic Party is very impotent here," Stewart said. "I think whomever the Republicans choose as their nominee will be the winner."
Trees effected by strong winds from Cyclone Debbie can be seen in the town of Bowen, located south of the northern Australian city of Townsville. AAP/Sarah Motherwell/via REUTERS
A tree lies on the ground near a motel after falling during strong winds from Cyclone Debbie at Airlie Beach, located south of the northern Australian city of Townsville. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Outdoor furniture lies in a pool at a motel as Cyclone Debbie hits the northern Queensland town of Airlie Beach, located south of Townsville in Australia. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
Strong wind and rain from Cyclone Debbie is seen effecting trees at Airlie Beach, located south of the northern Australian city of Townsville. AAP/Dan Peled/via REUTERS
SYDNEY Howling winds, heavy rain and huge seas pounded Australia's northeast on Tuesday, damaging homes, wrecking jetties and cutting power to thousands of people as Tropical Cyclone Debbie tore through the far north of Queensland.
Wind gusts stronger than 260 km per hour (160 mph) were recorded at tourist resorts along the world-famous Great Barrier Reef as the storm made landfall as a category four, one rung below the most dangerous wind speed level.
It was later downgraded to category two. Forecasters said high winds would likely persist overnight, although the storm would then weaken rapidly and was expected to be downgraded to category one by dawn on Wednesday.
Police said one man was badly hurt when a wall collapsed at Proserpine, about 900 km (560 miles) northwest of the Queensland capital, Brisbane, and was taken to hospital.
But the weather was still too bad to assess damage fully or mount an emergency response.
"We will also receive more reports of injuries, if not deaths. We need to be prepared for that," Queensland Police Commissioner Ian Stewart told reporters in Brisbane.
As the storm forged slowly inland after nightfall, state premier Annastacia Palaszczuk urged people to stay indoors.
"It is a serious event and we do not want to see loss of life," they told the Australian Broadcasting Corp.
"It will be a difficult night for people across our state."
Cyclone Debbie made landfall at Airlie Beach, north of Proserpine, shortly after midday local time (0200 GMT), knocking out telephone services.
"It's very noisy: Screaming, howling wind ... sounds like a freight train," Jan Clifford told Reuters by text from Airlie Beach as the cyclone made landfall.
"Still blowing like crazy," they said four hours later.
Authorities had urged thousands of people in threatened areas to flee their homes on Monday, in what would have been the biggest evacuation seen in Australia since Cyclone Tracy devastated the northern city of Darwin on Christmas Day, 1974.
CATASTROPHE DECLARED
Torrential rain flooded streets and wind smashed windows, uprooted trees and tossed debris down streets, while jetties at Airlie Beach marina were wrecked, Nine Network television pictures showed.
Power was cut for 48,000 people in a wide area between the towns of Bowen and Mackay, north and south of Airlie Beach, Ergon Energy spokesperson John Fowler said.
Ports at Abbot Point, Mackay and Hay Point were shut and Townsville airport was closed. Airlines Qantas, Jetstar and Virgin Australia suspended flights to and from the region and said planes may also be grounded on Wednesday, although Townsville airport said it would reopen.
BHP Billiton and Glencore halted work at their coal mines in the storm's path.
The Insurance Council of Australia declared Cyclone Debbie a catastrophe, making it easier to make claims, but said in a statement it was too early to estimate the cost of damage.
With an eye 50 km (30 miles) wide, the cyclone had earlier damaged tourist resorts, washed away beaches and tore boats from moorings as it swept through the Whitsunday islands, guests told Reuters by telephone.
Cyclone Debbie is the strongest storm to hit Queensland since Cyclone Yasi destroyed homes and crops and devastated island resorts in 2011.
Authorities had feared tidal surges in low-lying areas as the storm whipped up waves and currents and lifted sea levels, but said later that danger had eased.
Holidaymakers tried to make the best of it as they bunkered down in resort buildings. "Go to the Whitsundays they said, it'd be fun they said, beautiful weather over here," holidaymaker Kurt Moore told the Sydney Morning Herald.
"I'm so glad we got evacuated out of the place we were staying at, I think we'd be pooping watermelons right now to be honest," they said.
Despite issuing evacuation orders, police said they were not sure how many people had heeded their advice.
That did not deter some thrill-seeking bodyboarders who paddled out to surf in the heaving seas at Airlie Beach, television footage showed.
(Additional reporting by Byron Kaye; Editing by Paul Tait)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
* Financials top loser among S&P sectors
* Amazon hits record high, boosts Nasdaq
* Vertex jumps on success of cystic fibrosis treatment
* Dow down 0.26 pct, S&P up 0.03 pct, Nasdaq up 0.26 pct (Updates to early afternoon)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
March 29 The S&P 500 and the Dow were pressured by declines in financial stocks, while consumer discretionary shares lifted the Nasdaq.
The S&P 500 financial index slipped 0.48 percent, weighed down by Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan . The sector had risen more than 1 percent a day earlier.
However, losses on the S&P and the Dow were limited by a rise in energy shares due to a 2 percent gain in oil prices. The S&P 500 energy index was up 1.1 percent after data showed a smaller-than-expected build in U.S. crude stockpiles.
With an August target date set for a highly anticipated U.S. tax reform bill and the quarter nearing an end, analysts expect the market to trade in a tight range.
"We're going to be fairly range-bound as we get to the earnings season or until there is some significant development on tax reforms," said Michael Scanlon, portfolio manager at Manulife Asset Management in Boston.
The reaction of U.S. markets to Britain formally initiating a process to separate from the European Union was muted.
At 12:35 a.m. EDT the Dow Jones industrial average was down 53.02 points, or 0.26 percent, at 20,648.48, the S&P 500 was up 0.74 points, or 0.03 percent, at 2,359.31 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 15.03 points, or 0.26 percent, at 5,890.17.
Amazon.com hit an all-time high of $870.88 and gave the biggest boost to the Nasdaq.
Vertex Pharmaceuticals, jumped 23 percent to $110.25 after its cystic fibrosis treatment succeeded in a late-stage trial.
UnitedHealth, which rose for the first time in nine days on Tuesday, was off 1.4 percent.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 1,787 to 1,079. On the Nasdaq, 1,618 issues rose and 1,136 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed 11 52-week highs and one low, while the Nasdaq recorded 66 highs and 21 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
March 28 Taiwan Semiconductor Co Ltd:
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$ 2.5 per share to shareholders for 2016
* To pay cash dividend of T$ 602.4 million in total
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/wvzTMW
Further company coverage:
(Beijing Headline News)
LONDON May 3 ITV, Britain's biggest free-to-air commercial broadcaster, said its Chief Executive Adam Crozier was stepping down after seven years in the role.
The company said Finance Director Ian Griffiths would lead the executive team until it appoints a successor, helped by chairperson Peter Bazalgette, who will become executive chairperson during that time.
Crozier, who has grown ITV's production operations to reduce its reliance on advertising during their time in charge, will leave on June 30, the broadcaster said on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Kate Holton)
MOSCOW, April 5 Andrey Kostin will have their term extended as chief executive of VTB, Russia's second-largest state bank, TASS news agency cited Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev as saying on Wednesday.
Kostin has headed VTB, which is under Western sanctions over Russia's role in the Ukraine conflict, since 2002.
VTB has played a major role in funnelling capital to the resource exporters that dominate Russia's economy and has overseas operations in Europe, Asia and Africa. (Reporting by Alexander Winning; editing by Polina Devitt)
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A view shows the logo at the The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) headquarters in Monaco, January 14, 2016. REUTERS/Eric Gaillard
ZURICH The governing body of global athletics (IAAF) said on Monday it had suffered a cyberattack that it believes has compromised information about athletes' medical records.
The IAAF said in a statement the hacking group known as Fancy Bear, which has been linked by western governments and security experts to a Russian spy agency blamed for some of the cyber operations that marred the 2016 U.S. election, was believed to be behind the attack of medical records in February. The hack targeted information concerning applications by athletics for Therapeutic Use Exemptions, the IAAF said.
Athletes who had applied for TUEs since 2012 have been contacted and IAAF president, Sebastian Coe, apologised.
"Our first priority is to the athletes who have provided the IAAF with information that they believed would be secure and confidential,” Coe said in the statement. "They have our sincerest apologies and our total commitment to continue to do everything in our power to remedy the situation."
TUEs are issued by sports federations and national anti-doping organizations to allow athletes to take certain banned substances for verified medical needs.
The IAAF said that data on athlete TUEs was "collected from a file server and stored on a newly created file".
"The attack by Fancy Bear, also known as APT28, was detected during a proactive investigation carried out by cyber incident response (CIR) firm Context Information Security," the IAAF said.
Private security firms and U.S. officials have said Fancy Bear works primarily on behalf of the GRU, Russia's military intelligence agency. Fancy Bear could not be immediately reached for comment.
The group and other Russian hackers were behind the cyberattacks during the U.S. presidential election last year that were intended to discredit Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and help Donald Trump, a Republican, win, according to U.S. intelligence agencies. Russia has repeatedly denied the allegations.
It was not known if the information was stolen from the network, the IAAF said, but the incident was "a strong indication of the attackers' interest and intent, and shows they had access and means to obtain content from this file at will".
The attack was uncovered after British company Context Information Security conducted a investigation of the IAAF's systems at the request of the athletics body.
Context Information Security said in a separate statement that it was a "sophisticated intrusion" and that "the IAAF have understood the importance and impact of the attack and have provided us comprehensive assistance."
Last year, Fancy Bear hacked into the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) database and published the confidential medical records of several dozen athletes.
Those included cyclist Bradley Wiggins, the 2012 Tour de France winner and Britain's most decorated Olympian with eight medals, who was revealed to have used TUEs before some races.
Wiggins retired last year under something of a cloud after it was revealed they took corticosteroid triamcinolone for asthma, although they broke no anti-doping rules.
The IAAF banned Russia's athletics federation after a WADA commission report found evidence of state-sponsored doping. Almost all Russia's athletes missed the track and field events at the Rio Olympics last year and are likely to also miss the world athletics championships in London in August.
(Writing by Brian Homewood in Zurich; additional reporting by Dustin Volz in Washington; editing by Mark Heinrich/Mitch Phillips and Grant McCool)
(Adds details, context, quote)
AMSTERDAM, March 31 Dutch publicly owned utility Eneco said on Friday it would buy the Belgian gas and power retail operations of Italian oil and gas company Eni, the Dutch company's second regional renewable energy related deal this year.
Eneco did not disclose financial details of the transaction, which it said would allow it to invest more in local wind and solar power. In January, Eneco bought Lichtblick, Germany's largest independent renewable energy supplier.
Eni Belgium serves around 850,000 electricity and gas connection points and has a market share of around 10 percent in the country with 200 staff, Eni said in a statement.
Eneco, which has been present on a smaller scale in Belgium since 2011, said that after the acquisition, which is subject to regulatory approval, it would serve more than a million Belgian households and 55,000 business customers.
"We want to grow in supplying renewable energy to customers ... and grow in several north-west European countries among which is Belgium," said Kees-Jan Rameau, Eneco's chief growth officer.
Owned by 55 Dutch municipalities, Rotterdam-based Eneco invests in renewables-based electricity generation and district heating. It operates in Britain, France and Germany as well as Belgium and the Netherlands.
(Reporting by Thomas Escritt; editing by Alexander Smith and David Evans)
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
CALGARY, Alberta ConocoPhillips (COP.N) on Wednesday agreed to sell oil sands and western Canadian natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE.TO) for C$17.7 billion (10.65 billion pounds), making it the latest international oil major to pull back from a region where high costs and low crude prices have made it hard for large companies to make an acceptable return.
For Calgary-based Cenovus, among Canada's largest producers, the deal doubles its production to 588,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day as it takes full ownership of its main oil sands assets in northern Alberta.
ConocoPhillips will sell its 50 percent interest in the Foster Creek Christina Lake oil sands partnership, which Cenovus already operates, as well as the majority of its western Canada Deep Basin conventional gas assets.
The U.S. oil major will retain its 50 percent interest in the Surmont oil sands project, a joint venture with Total E&P Canada (TOTF.PA), and its liquids-rich Blueberry-Montney shale assets.
The divestment, the largest in ConocoPhillips's history, was unexpected on Wall Street but comes as the company has come under pressure to cut its debt. Its shares jumped 6 percent in after-hours trading.
Shares of Cenovus listed on the New York Stock Exchange tumbled more than 8 percent after hours.
The deal, the fifth-biggest in the Canadian energy sector according to Thomson Reuters data, comes weeks after Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) and Marathon Oil Corp (MRO.N) sold off billions of dollars in oil sands assets and adds to uncertainty over future development in the patch.
Canada's oil sands hold the world's third-largest crude reserves but also carry some of the highest operating costs globally, and are struggling to compete with cheaper U.S. shale plays in a $50-a-barrel oil price environment.
"Now that you have a prolonged period of low crude prices, the companies are really looking hard on where is the place to invest," Carlos Murillo, economist at the Conference Board of Canada. "Canadian companies ... they're kind of getting bigger in what they know ... whereas other companies are seeing opportunities elsewhere."
ConocoPhillips Chief Executive Ryan Lance said their company will use the cash portion of the deal to pay down debt and increase share repurchases.
The company last fall told analysts it would hive off $5 billion to $8 billion in assets this year. The Canadian divestment comes on top of that plan, boosting the planned asset sales for the year to more than $16 billion.
Calgary-based Cenovus will pay C$14.1 billion in cash and 208 million Cenovus common shares. It launched a bought-deal financing agreement to sell 187.5 million shares at C$16 each for expected gross proceeds of more than C$3 billion.
CEO Brian Ferguson said the company intends to divest a significant portion of legacy conventional assets to help fund the transaction.
"In a low oil-price environment, economies of scale are important. This deal about doubles the scale of the company, and this will give us a greater competitive edge," Ferguson said on a public conference call.
JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Royal Bank of Canada (RY.TO) advised Cenovus, the Canadian company said.
(Additional reporting by Komal Khettry in Bengaluru and Ernest Scheyder in Houston; Editing by Denny Thomas and Bill Rigby)
(Refiles to add Tanzania in sixth paragraph and dropped word in eighth paragraph)
By Karen Sanje
LILONGWE, April 20 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Malawi has tightened its border controls to stop profiteers smuggling much-needed maize out of the country in search of higher prices.
Months of drought had left more than a third of the population reliant on food aid, and the government last month invoked the Special Crops Act, which bans the export of some crops.
The government deployed soldiers to seal its porous borders with Tanzania and Zambia, and impounded trucks that are smuggling out the staple crop in pursuit of more profit.
Malawi police have also been searching vehicles on roads that lead to the borders.
The size of the trucks stopped by the police suggests that large-scale traders may be involved.
“Over a period of two days, we impounded 26 trucks loaded with white maize as they were heading to Chitipa (a district bordering Zambia and Tanzania)," said Enock Livasoni, a police spokesperson in Karonga district, which borders Tanzania.
Police in Chitipa detained at least 17 similar trucks carrying white maize last month, they told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Severe floods in 2015, followed by major drought in 2016, left 6.7 million Malawians out of a population of 17 million in need of food aid, according to U.N. agencies.
This year's harvest has recently begun and has eased the situation, although the World Food Programme said updated hunger figures were not yet available. Its emergency food aid operations ended last month, as planned.
CHASING THE MONEY
International aid agencies in Malawi say maize smuggling has increased as traders seek the higher prices paid in Kenya and Democratic Republic of Congo.
Severe drought in Kenya has left some 2.6 million people in need of food aid, and a protracted crisis in war-torn Congo means some 6.7 million rely on food aid.
Local groups question whether corrupt police officers have been involved in the smuggling, particularly in Chitipa and Karonga districts.
"The way things are happening is as though the police are complicit in this act," said Grecian Mbewe, district coordinator for Chitipa and Karonga at the Centre for Human Rights and Rehabilitation, a non-governmental organisation.
Deputy spokesperson for the northern region police headquarters, Maurice Chapola, denied the corruption claims.
"If those making the allegations have evidence, let them come forward with names of the corrupt officers and we shall forthwith investigate and prosecute these officers,” Chapola said in a telephone interview.
DWINDLING SUPPLIES
Malawian farmers are required to sell their surplus to local vendors and traders. Traders resell it across the country, or to the National Food Reserve Agency, which stores maize and releases it mainly in response to humanitarian crises.
Traders can only export maize, the country's main staple crop, if they have special clearance from the government. Such clearance has not been granted since 2008, when Malawi started experiencing a downturn in its harvests.
Maize smuggled to Zambia and Tanzania - from where it can be sold to other countries - fetches higher prices than at home.
A 50kg bag of white maize sells on average for 11,000 Malawian kwacha ($15) in towns and cities in Malawi.
Journalists in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, meanwhile, say that the same amount fetches the equivalent of 17,000 kwacha ($23).
“If such smuggling continues, local (maize) supplies will continue to dwindle," said Mbewe.
“As a result, the poor will not be able to afford the price of (maize) which will rise with any increase in demand,” they added.
($1 = 717.7900 kwacha) (Reporting by Karen Sanje; Editing by James Baer, Alex Whiting and Lyndsay Griffiths.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, resilience, women's rights, trafficking and property rights. Visit news.trust.org/climate)
Pakistan's Misbah-ul-Haq talks to the media during the press conference Action Images via Reuters / Paul Childs
Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq was dismissed for 99, a week after they were left stranded on the same score, as their side took an 81-run first innings lead during the second test against West Indies in Barbados on Tuesday.
Misbah had the dubious honour of becoming the first player from their country to finish on 99 not out during their first innings of last week's seven-wicket first test victory in Jamaica.
Seeking their 11th test century on Tuesday, the 42-year-old failed to control a rising delivery from West Indies captain Jason Holder with the ball hitting their glove and popping up for an easy catch at second slip.
Despite the personal disappointment, their team ended day three in a strong position after opener Azhar Ali scored their 13th test century.
West Indies had to endure a nervous 14 overs in their second innings before stumps and were 40 for one at Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, still 41 runs behind Pakistan's 393.
Kraigg Brathwaite was on eight with Shimron Hetmyer on 22 at the close. Opener Kieran Powell had been caught behind by a diving Sarfraz Ahmed for six off Mohammad Abbas to give the visitors the start they wanted.
With the pitch starting to offer considerable assistance to the slow bowlers, Pakistan leg-spinners Yasir Shah and Shadab Khan will be salivating at the opportunity to have a crack at the hosts on Wednesday.
The home team had done well to restrict Pakistan to under 400, with pacemen Shannon Gabriel (4-81) and Holder (3-42) the best of the bowlers.
However, it was leg-spinner Devendra Bishoo who dismissed Azhar, caught behind for 105 after a 278-ball stay at the crease.
(This story corrects number of overs in fifth para.)
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
LATEST PROPOSAL FOR TIE-UP BETWEEN BOEING AND EMBRAER WOULD INCLUDE THE CREATION OF A THIRD COMPANY - GOV‘T SOURCE
May 2 Sports Seoul Co Ltd :
* Says its previously announced 384,611 common shares have been subscribed on May 2
* Says it has raised 1 billion won in total
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/wFRkBe
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO - A trader points up at a display on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange August 20, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK Aetna Inc will exit Iowa's Obamacare-compliant individual insurance market in 2018, a year surrounded by uncertainty over which insurers will sell plans and at what price as Republicans seek to dismantle the 2010 Affordable Care Act.
President Donald Trump has promised to repeal and replace former President Barack Obama's signature piece of domestic policy, often called Obamacare, but has been stalled by Republicans disagreeing over possible changes.
Many insurers are waffling over where to sell insurance plans in 2018. They worry that Republicans have not said they will extend billions of dollars of subsidies into 2018 and that lawmakers might make other major changes, such as scrapping the requirement that all Americans must have health coverage or pay a fine.
Aetna, citing financial risk and the uncertain outlook, said on Thursday it is still evaluating other remaining individual insurance markets, which include Delaware, Nebraska and Virginia. The company exited about a dozen markets this year. In January it said it had more than 240,000 people in such individual plans and expected to post losses on them this year.
Aetna shares were up 0.9 percent at $128.46 on Thursday afternoon.
Evercore ISI analyst Michael Newshel said the move had little impact on its outlook for Aetna's 2018 earnings forecast given the small number of customers it believes the company has in Iowa.
Aetna is the biggest seller of Obamacare-compliant plans in the state and according to Iowa state insurance data, had more than 30,000 people in such plans in 2016.
Health insurers are preparing 2018 premium rate proposals to submit to federal and state insurance regulators over the next few months. Aetna said it had notified regulators of its plans on Thursday.
Alleigh Marré, spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, said by email that "insurers are fleeing because the law is fundamentally flawed. Repealing and replacing Obamacare remains the best option.”
Earlier this week Iowa's insurance regulator said that Wellmark Blue Cross Blue Shield would not sell Obamacare individual plans next year, affecting 22,000 people.
According to data provided by Iowa, Aetna accounted for most of the plans sold on the federally run HealthCare.gov website in 2016. Wellmark accounted for most of the plans sold in the state that comply with Obamacare but are not sold on HealthCare.gov.
Medica Insurance Company also sells Obamacare-compliant plans throughout the states but is the smallest player.
(Editing by Matthew Lewis)
LONDON, April 5 South Africa's rand came under pressure on Wednesday, revisiting the sell-off triggered by political turmoil and a ratings downgrade, while currencies elsewhere broadly strengthened and emerging stocks rose to a one-week high.
The rand lost 0.3 percent against the dollar in volatile trading, but was still off the three-month lows it hit on Tuesday in the wake of S&P Global Ratings cutting the country's credit rating to 'junk'.
The downgrade followed the sacking of Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan, which outraged opponents and business leaders and deepened a rift within the ruling ANC party. South Africa's biggest trade union has called on President Jacob Zuma to quit.
Inan Demir, senior emerging market economist at Nomura, said there was room for further weakness in South African assets, with Zuma's position not as weak as had been perceived.
"He is still in a strong position to stay in place and implement their policies ... and these policies are likely to lead to further credit downgrades and further weakness in the rand," they said.
Other South African assets have steadied. The average yield spread of sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JP Morgan EMBI Global Diversified index fell 4 basis points (bps) to 275 bps, after hitting a four-month high on Monday while five-year credit default swaps narrowed.
The local benchmark government bond yield dropped to 8.94 percent, after touching 9.2 percent on Tuesday.
A weaker dollar allowed other emerging currencies to make gains, with the Turkish lira firming 0.2 percent and the Russian rouble 0.3 percent. The latter was supported by oil prices rising to near a one-month high after an unplanned outage in the North Sea.
However, China's yuan slipped 0.2 percent against the dollar as investors awaited a summit between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping on Thursday and Friday. Trade and security are expected to feature prominently.
The broader economic backdrop remained relatively benign, and MSCI's benchmark emerging stocks index rose 0.4 percent to one-week highs, led by a strong performance in Asia that was echoed in emerging Europe.
Taiwan stocks gained 1.4 percent lifted by an 8 percent surge in the shares of electronics company Hon Hai Precision, an Apple supplier, which posted a surprise 30 percent rise in net profit.
Chinese mainland stocks rose 1.5 percent, boosted by government plans to build a new economic zone.
In Europe, Russian dollar-denominated stocks were amongst the outperformers, up 1.2 percent to 1-1/2 month highs, whilst Budapest shares gained 0.5 percent.
The zloty was flat against the euro ahead of Poland's central bank meeting later in the day at which it is expected to keep rates unchanged at a record low 1.5 percent. Romanian policymakers are expected to hold interest rates at 1.75 percent.
"Central banks in the case of Poland and Hungary are still in a good position to look through the acceleration in inflation, attributing it to non-core factors," said Demir.
The Croatian kuna fell to an eight-week low ahead of Croatian legislation on big corporate failures, designed to prevent them from destabilising the wider economy and financial system. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see)
Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities The Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg
on year
Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 969.72 +4.55 +0.47 +12.46
Czech Rep 984.58 +3.55 +0.36 +6.83
Poland 2242.61 +3.31 +0.15 +15.13
Hungary 32148.93 +196.99 +0.62 +0.46
Romania 8197.51 +29.57 +0.36 +15.70
Greece 665.30 -1.14 -0.17 +3.37
Russia 1151.09 +15.11 +1.33 -0.11
South Africa 46010.98 +264.05 +0.58 +4.80
Turkey 88463.37 -149.17 -0.17 +13.21
China 3270.20 +47.68 +1.48 +5.37
India 29936.16 +25.94 +0.09 +12.43
Currencies The Latest Prev Local Local
close currency currency
% change % change
in 2017
Czech Rep 27.07 27.04 -0.13 -0.24
Poland 4.25 4.25 +0.03 +3.74
Hungary 309.53 309.62 +0.03 -0.23
Romania 4.54 4.54 +0.09 -0.04
Serbia 123.68 123.86 +0.15 -0.27
Russia 55.93 56.08 +0.26 +9.54
Kazakhstan 311.79 312.91 +0.36 +7.01
Ukraine 27.12 27.12 +0.00 -0.44
South Africa 13.64 13.62 -0.17 +0.67
Kenya 103.20 103.10 -0.10 -0.80
Israel 3.65 3.65 -0.05 +5.42
Turkey 3.67 3.68 +0.11 -3.97
China 6.90 6.88 -0.17 +0.69
India 64.93 65.07 +0.22 +4.64
Brazil 3.10 3.09 -0.11 +5.08
Mexico 18.77 18.81 +0.23 +10.37
Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index
Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 334 0 .01 7 69.00 1
(Additional reporting by Karin Strohecker; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
FILE PHOTO - India's Umesh Yadav tosses the ball during a practice session ahead of their fourth and final test cricket match against South Africa, in New Delhi, India, December 2, 2015. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee
BENGALURU India have finally developed a potent pace attack which can help them win overseas but the fast bowlers would still benefit from the recruitment of a dedicated coach, spearhead Umesh Yadav told Reuters.
For many, including former captain Sourav Ganguly, Yadav was the find of India's long home season, which culminated in a hardfought 2-1 victory over Australia last month.
The formerly injury-prone Vidharba bowler played all but one of India's 13 home tests, impressing with control and consistent pace throughout, but particularly in the final test against Australia at Dharamsala.
On the liveliest of pitches used in the four-test series, Yadav tormented the tourists to claim five wickets and send the message that India now have the necessary pace resources to win on the hard decks of Australia and South Africa.
"I think we now have the pace attack to win test series in these countries," Yadav told Reuters in a telephone interview.
The right-arm paceman is a key figure in a pace unit which also includes Mohammad Shami, Ishant Sharma and Bhuvneshwar Kumar.
While the slow bowlers can turn to head coach and former spinner Anil Kumble for help, Yadav believes it would be beneficial for the quicks to have a specialist pace-bowling advisor on hand.
"A fast bowling coach will definitely help bowlers like Ishant, Shami, Bhuvi and myself to improve," the 29-year-old said.
"In some matches I bowl badly and don't realise what went wrong and how to correct. A fast bowling coach can help us correct our mistakes and improve as bowler."
Yadav, who picked up 17 Australian wickets at an average of 23.41 in what they call their 'best series', illustrated their point with an anecdote about how they received some useful advice from batting coach Sanjay Bangar.
"I had been bowling short for some time and then Bangar bhai (brother) asked me to bowl a much fuller length," they said.
"He suggested that if I bowl a fuller length it would give the ball enough time to swing in air.
"Bangar bhai told me not to either rush through my bowling strides or run too slow. They encouraged me to find my ideal rhythm and that is what I focus on while bowling.
"For me as a bowler, rhythm is very important. I don't even look at the pitch before a test match. I just try to get into a nice rhythm as early as possible and rest just happens."
While Yadav is happy with the improvement, they are aware that they have just one five-wicket test haul to their name, achieved in a losing cause against Australia in Perth in 2012.
"I think about it and feel I should have got more five-fors in the 31 tests I've played so far," they said.
"I want to change that and I'm working hard. The Australia series has given me a lot of confidence. I want to be more aggressive in my bowling. I'm going to bowl more bouncers and yorkers now."
After a couple of weeks' rest, Yadav is now ready to begin their Indian Premier League duties with Kolkata Knight Riders, who play Punjab's Kings XI later on Thursday.
(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty and Nick Mulvenney)
Gourmet popcorns are emerging in India as consumers prefer consuming healthy snacks, says RNCOS in its latest research report.
Owing to the shift in consumer's preference of healthy snacks, the Indian Gourmet popcorn Market is witnessing an astonishing growth. While butter popcorn are popular as a snack, gourmet popcorn has been a delicacy in the Indian market. With the rise in consumption from tier-1 cities coupled with increasing popularity of gourmet popcorn, the gourmet popcorn industry is forecasted to grow at a CAGR of 36% during the period of 2016-2022.
As per the report “Indian Gourmet Popcorn Market Outlook 2022”, popcorns are emerging as favorite munching snacks as it has become a preferred choice in convenient snack segment amongst consumers. While the country has low rate of gourmet popcorn consumption, the market for gourmet popcorn is emerging on account of their nutritional benefits, better quality and taste.
The market for gourmet popcorn in Indian is witnessing an upward trend with the key players constantly upgrading their flavours & packaging and expanding their geographical reach. Emerging in India as consumers prefer consuming healthy snacks, there lies an immense opportunity for the new players to tap the fastest growing market that is expected to garner huge revenue.
For FREE SAMPLE of this report visit: http://www.rncos.com/Report/IM900.htm
Check Related REPORTS on: http://www.rncos.com/Food&Beverages.htm
Serena Williams has never been shy about their figure, and they recently reminded us all why.
The Gold Medal Olympic Tennis champ decided to slip into a sunny two-piece and strike a pose. They were feeling their look so much they just had to share! Serena brought all types of sunshine to the pic, serving cheekbones and slay in equal portions for this post.
It's not clear whether this was part of their recent Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue spread, or a super-polished snap from their personal files, but they are continuing to be body goals.
Please excuse us while we search for a personal trainer.
RELATED STORIES:
Wayment! Did Serena Williams Just Show Us Them Wedding Dress On Instagram?Link
Serena WIlliams Shares Romantic Photos Of The Day They Got Engaged
Serena Williams Slays In 2017 ‘Sports Illustrated Issue'
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence ranking member Representative Adam Schiff (D-CA) walks out to speak with reporters about the Committee's Russia investigation on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
U.S. House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence ranking member Representative Adam Schiff (D-CA) speaks with reporters about the Committee's Russia investigation on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON The top Democrat on the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee said on Thursday they had accepted the White House's invitation to review intelligence information, although they do not know if that information is the same as reviewed by the committee's Republican chairperson, Devin Nunes.
Representative Adam Schiff said the White House's handling of the materials raises "profound questions," noting that White House staff has no reason to pass information to a congressional committee chairperson rather than just delivering it to President Donald Trump directly.
(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle and Eric Beech; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)
RANCHO MIRAGE, Calif. Opening round play at the LPGA's first major of the season was suspended by high winds on Thursday at Mission Hills Country Club.
Winds of 25 miles per hour (40 kph) and gusts of 35 mph were blowing when play at the ANA Inspiration was halted at 3:16 p.m. PT (2216 GMT) with players allowed to finish their holes before being taken back to the clubhouse.
The suspension was being treated as temporary, although some forecasts had predicted winds reaching 60 mph in the California desert area.
Karine Icher of France had the early clubhouse lead after firing a five-under-par 67 in the morning wave.
American Michelle Wie and South Koreans Ryu So-yeon, Park Sung-hyun and 17-year-old amateur Seong Eun-jeong were a further shot back.
(Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Frank Pingue)
* SSEC +1.1 pct, CSI300 +1.1 pct, HSI -0.2 pct
* China establishes new economic zone near Beijing
* Over 30 related stocks surge by daily limits
SHANGHAI, April 5 China stocks jumped on Wednesday, the first trading day after a holiday break, as investors cheered Beijing's decision to launch a huge new economic zone in Hebei province, with shares of more than 30 related companies surging the daily limit of 10 percent.
Hong Kong stocks gained initially before edging lower, with the appetite for risk attenuated ahead of a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week.
Both the CSI300 index and the Shanghai Composite Index gained 1.1 percent at the end of the morning session, to 3,494.86 points and 3,256.67 points, respectively.
China approved a new special economic zone, described as "a thousand year project", on Saturday in the heavily polluted province of Hebei, to focus on building clusters of high-tech and innovative businesses and take over some "non-capital functions" from Beijing.
"The way they put it leaves lots of room for imagination, in terms of future investment," said Tian Weidong, an analyst at Kaiyuan Securities.
Tian identified several sectors aside from property that would benefit from the economic zone including environmental protection and infrastructure stocks. Both CSI sub-indexes were up over 2 percent at midday.
"This time the momentum is more sustainable because it's boosted not simply by the housing market, which holds lots of uncertainty at the moment," Tian said.
Raw material stocks led the gains in a board-based rise, with the sector index up 2.8 percent at the lunch break.
Real estate developers added 1.7 percent, despite Beijing's ban on property sales to contain speculators after a sudden housing boom in the new economic zone.
Shares of more than 30 companies related to the new economic zone shot up by 10 percent, the maximum allowed, including developer BBMG Corp, cement maker Tangshan Jidong Cement and harbour operator Tianjin Port .
In Hong Kong, where stocks are more exposed to global volatility than their mainland peers, the benchmark Hang Seng index dropped 0.2 percent, to 24,215.97 points, after it made modest gains on Monday following news of the planned economic zone.
The Hong Kong China Enterprises Index lost 0.3 percent to 10,287.92 points.
Much of the market's attention was on a landmark summit for Presidents Trump and Xi on Thursday and Friday.
It will be their first face-to-face meeting since Trump took office on Jan. 20, with trade and security issues set to figure prominently.
Most sectors made modest gains by the lunch break, with services stocks leading the gains.
(Reporting by Jackie Cai and John Ruwitch; Editing by Eric Meijer)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
LONDON (Reuters Breakingviews) - Bank chiefs are only human, but it might be better for investors if they didn't act it. Jes Staley, the chief executive of Barclays, vouched for their brother-in-law in a spat with buyout group KKR – one of the British bank's clients. Though Staley's intervention is understandable, it's also the second time they have blurred what ought to be a clear line between life and work.
KKR bought a business from Jorge Nitzan in 2014, and later discovered accounting problems that it says were tantamount to fraud. Staley told two large institutions which had invested alongside KKR that they didn't believe Nitzan – their wife's brother – was a fraudster, the Wall Street Journal reported on May 2.
Barclays shareholders expect their chief executive to maintain a dialogue with large investors. But in an ideal world Staley would have declined to talk about Nitzan in a meeting, even informally. After all, the bank's brand goes where they do – even if they are only speaking personally.
The same flaw was evident when Staley tried last year to unmask a whistleblower who had levelled accusations against a colleague and friend that the Barclays chief felt were unfair. That was against the rules which protect whistleblowers. No damage was done, since Staley failed to find out who had taken a potshot at their pal. But they conceded they had got “too personally involved”, and lost a chunk of their bonus as a result.
For Barclays staff and investors, the conflict is not entirely unflattering. Loyalty and fairness are virtues in a boss. That has limits, though. KKR can pull away business, and has already excluded Barclays from some mandates. Other opportunistic clients might also try to use Staley's track record of imperfect judgement to their own ends. If a tendency to elide the personal and professional make them a target, investors might prefer someone a little less human.
* India lose two wickets before wrapping up series
* Rahane shines as India's stop-gap captain
* Smith hails quality of cricket in the series (Adds quotes)
By Amlan Chakraborty
DHARAMSALA, India, March 28 Lokesh Rahul and Ajinkya Rahane steered India to an eight-wicket win in the fourth and final test against Australia as the hosts secured a 2-1 series victory at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium on Tuesday.
Rahul made 51 not out and Rahane added a rapid unbeaten 38 to help India chase down the modest 106-run victory target with more than five sessions to spare, the opener completing their sixth fifty of the series when they scored the winning runs.
Wrapping up the win appeared a formality for India when their openers walked out at the picturesque venue nestled in the shadows of the Himalayas needing just 87 runs to seal the series with all 10 second innings wickets intact.
Josh Hazlewood, however, seemed determined to make sure India would need to work for the win and the paceman struck Murali Vijay's pad with consecutive balls in the first over but both leg-before wicket appeals were turned down by the umpire.
At the other end, Rahul was showing their fluency against spin, driving and sweeping Steve O'Keefe for a couple of boundaries in the left-armer's second over of the day.
Pat Cummins then came on to inject some brief excitement to proceedings when two Indian wickets fell in the paceman's second over of the morning.
First they dismissed Vijay, caught behind for eight with their first delivery, and five balls later, Cheteshwar Pujara, normally a good judge of singles, was run out without scoring when they attempted a risky run.
Glenn Maxwell did an excellent job at point, where they collected Pujara's push and threw down the middle stump at the non-striker's end with the batsman well short of crease after a mix-up with Rahul.
Leading the side in the absence of injured skipper Virat Kohli, Rahane played with uncharacteristic aggression, hitting Cummins for back-to-back sixes at a stadium marking its debut as a test arena.
SEVENTH HEAVEN
"We want to be scoring big runs and taking big wickets but at the end of the match, we want to stand behind that board that says 'champions'," Rahul said afterwards, calling it the best series they had ever played in.
"The way Jinks (Rahane) came out and started hitting Cummins for sixes was excellent. They came out with a clear mind and said 'let's not play this out, let's attack' and I said 'okay'."
The victory sealed India's seventh series win in a row, dating back to their triumph in Sri Lanka in August 2015.
"Magnificent series," Australia captain Steven Smith said. "One of the best I have been a part of. Credit to India, they are a fantastic cricket side, particularly in their backyard."
The win also brought a successful end of India's 13-test home season, in which they won 10, drew two and had the lone loss to Australia in the opener in Pune.
"To come back from 1-0 down against the Aussies, when you could see there were tired bodies out there was just brilliant," India coach Anil Kumble said.
"It was a tough game and after losing Virat through injury, it was really important that the team stood up. Rahane led the team brilliantly," the former captain added. (Editing by John O'Brien/Peter Rutherford)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 3 Fortuna Silver Mines Inc:
* Fortuna provides update on regulatory review and announces issuance of management cease trade order
* Fortuna Silver Mines Inc - expects to be in a position to complete filing of annual financial documents by May 5, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
New U.S. funds would mimic ADRs but cut currency risk -filing
NEW YORK, June 14 An investment company is planning to offer a novel kind of fund that would offer U.S. investors direct access to foreign stocks, while tamping down the risk of currency declines, regulatory filings showed on Wednesday.
May 2 JYSKE BANK
* Q1 PRE-TAX PROFIT DKK 1.24 BILLION (REUTERS POLL DKK 936 MILLION)
* WILL MAKE A MOTION AT AN EGM IN Q2 OF 2017 FOR DISTRIBUTION OF AN EXTRAORDINARY DIVIDEND IN AMOUNT OF DKK 500M.
* Q1 CAPITAL RATIO: 17.6%, OF WHICH COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 CAPITAL RATIO WAS 15.8% AFTER DEDUCTION OF EXTRAORDINARY DIVIDEND (END OF 2016: 18.3% AND 16.5%) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud (R) meets with Egypt's President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi on the sideline of the 28th Ordinary Summit of the Arab League at the Dead Sea, Jordan March 29, 2017. Saudi Press Agency/Handout via REUTERS
CAIRO An Egyptian human rights lawyer said on Monday they had launched an appeal against a court ruling which backed Cairo's proposed transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia.
President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi's government announced last year a maritime demarcation accord with Saudi Arabia, which has given billions of dollars of aid to Egypt, ceding control of the islands to the Gulf kingdom.
The proposal angered many Egyptians and the issue was referred to the courts - irritating Riyadh and raising political tensions between two major Arab states and traditional allies.
The islands of Tiran and Sanafir, both uninhabited, are situated in the narrow entrance to the Gulf of Aqaba leading to Jordan and Israel.
After an initial ruling against the transfer last June, the government appealed and the case was referred to the Higher Administrative Court which also ruled against the proposed transfer, saying the islands' Egyptian sovereignty was incontestable.
On Sunday, just four days after Sisi and Saudi Arabia's King Salman held a public meeting at an Arab summit in Jordan, another Egyptian court decreed that the administrative court's ruling was void - potentially reviving the deal.
Human rights lawyer Khaled Ali said they submitted an appeal, arguing that the administrative court had the final say and the matter was beyond the jurisdiction of the Court of Urgent Matters which issued the latest ruling.
Sunday's verdict "reflects the continued attempts of the regime to circumvent the final ruling of the Higher Administrative Court", Ali said in a statement.
Saudi and Egyptian officials had argued that the islands belonged to Saudi Arabia and were only under Egyptian control because Riyadh asked Cairo in 1950 to protect them.
But lawyers who had opposed the accord said Egypt's sovereignty over the islands dated back to a treaty in 1906, before Saudi Arabia was founded.
(Reporting by Omar Fahmy; Writing by Dominic Evans; Editing by Catherine Evans)
April 28 SCANA Corp:
* SCANA Corporation and Santee Cooper amend interim agreement
* Primary amendment is extension of term of agreement through June 26, 2017, subject to bankruptcy procedures
* Co, Santee Cooper announced interim assessment agreement with Westinghouse Electric on nuclear construction project at V.C. Summer amended
* Agreement provides a transition, evaluation period, in which co's unit, Santee Cooper, can continue to make progress at V.C. Summer Nuclear Station
* During transition and evaluation period,Fluor will remain in its current role, project's co-owners to continue weekly payments for work performed Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 12 Mazor Robotics Ltd:
* Receives FDA clearance for spinal deformity correction planning software for Mazor X surgical assurance platform
* Mazor X Align will be released to a selection of Mazor X customers in early May
* Early release will be followed by a widespread release during second half of 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
(This story was originally published on Friday March 31 in IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication.)
* Markets poised as ECB scales back QE
* The Biggest impact expected in H2
By Matt Painvin and Laura Benitez
LONDON, April 3 (IFR) - As the European Central Bank embarks on scaling back its extraordinarily accommodative monetary policy, capital markets professionals are looking beyond the imminent €20bn monthly reduction in bond-buying to a new environment without stimulus.
Fears in the markets are focused on a potential repricing of credit spreads, an unwinding of negative yields, and the removal of the backstop bid for fixed income.
The central bank will at some point have to further cut its remaining €60bn of monthly purchases, but there is considerable uncertainty about when that will begin.
“The market is already focused on the second half of year,” said a buyside investment analyst. “The likely playbook is for quantitative easing to be significantly reduced from September before the depo rate is raised in 2018 or later.”
The ECB's central challenge is to avoid the type of volatility experienced in the spring of 2013 when the US Federal Reserve indicated it wanted to reduce its bond-buying programme at some point in the future. That so-called “taper tantrum” led to a 135bp spike in 10-year US Treasury yields in just three months.
Markets and investors appear sanguine over the potential threat for now, especially when it comes to the corporate bond market.
“I don't think that the ECB scaling back its purchases will have a huge effect on the corporate market and we're not expecting spreads to blow out wider,” said Roger Webb, Aberdeen Asset Management's head of European credit.
Credit spreads ground close to all-time lows after the ECB began its corporate sector purchase programme in June 2016. This followed the bank increasing its monthly asset purchases to €80bn in March.
The ECB has bought almost €74bn of corporate paper since June but there are widespread expectations it will wind purchases back slowly, which should help stabilise spreads.
Analysts at Barclays do not expect a material decline in corporate purchases in the near term, anticipating a reduction to €35bn-€40bn in the first half of 2018 and €15bn-€20bn in the second half of that year.
Whether the reduction will have an impact on spreads will depend on timing, Webb said.
“We're not anticipating the ECB to start pulling back from its corporate QE programme heavily anytime soon. It's not in the bank's interest to shock the market and send spreads substantially wider.”
The relaxed tone may reflect the market's experience of a gentle slowdown in the ECB's corporate purchases, which have fallen in recent weeks. Last week's purchases of €1.5bn were the lowest weekly number since December 2016.
LIMITED SELL-OFF
Late last year, the central bank announced that the average monthly amount of its overall asset purchases will return to €60bn from April 2017 as the risk of deflation had largely disappeared.
This started to fuel suspicions that QE is coming to an end and ignited a repricing of rates, with 10-year German yields 55bp off their summer 2016 low of -0.18%.
The ECB backstop bid has crushed short-end yields, contributing to negative yields on the German curve all the way out to the eight-year maturity.
Given the two-year Schatz at -0.74%, public sector debt appears most vulnerable to the ECB pulling the plug after €1.4trn of purchases, as of February 2017 - around 85% of the total asset purchase programme.
However, QE has not been the sole driver of negative yields in Europe. Regulatory constraints and strong demand for defensive assets have also weighed in.
“It is difficult to predict what the real impact of the ECB is on short bonds,” said the SSA banker. “Any sell-off will be limited by the world's structural need for collateral.”
A new ancillary effect of QE could also temper any weakness. As the programme turns two years old, the first reinvestments will help to offset the nominal reduction in purchases.
“There is no good estimate of the amount of cash coming back to the market, but the power of reinvestments will start to be felt in the coming weeks,” said the SSA banker. (Reporting by Matt Painvin and Laura Benitez, editing by Matthew Davies)
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
March 31 Shawbrook Group Plc
* Offer for Shawbrook Group Plc
* Marlin Bidco, co jointly owned by funds by Pollen Street capital and funds advised by BC Partners, announces a cash offer
* Offer price of 330 pence per Shawbrook share, together with announced dividend, represents a premium of approximately 32.5 per cent
* Offer, together with announced dividend, values entire ordinary share capital of shawbrook at £842.4 million
* As part of transaction, existing fund investors advised by Pollen Street Capital will be replaced
* Depending on level of shareholder support for offer, shawbrook may remain listed as it is today, or may be delisted and return to private ownership Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Broadwind Energy Inc:
* BROADWIND ENERGY SAYS ON JAN 29, CO, UNIT ENTERED INTO THIRD AMENDMENT TO LOAN & SECURITY AGREEMENT, AS AMENDED, DATED OCTOBER 26, 2016 -SEC FILING
* BROADWIND-AMENDMENT WAIVED FIXED CHARGE COVERAGE RATIO COVENANT, AS OF DEC 31, 2017 & ADDED NEW MINIMUM EBITDA, CAPEX COVENANTS THROUGH JUNE 30, 2018 Source text: (bit.ly/2E6EiGR) Further company coverage:
NRG Energy's GenOn unit files for bankruptcy
WILMINGTON, Del., June 14 NRG Energy Inc's GenOn business filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday with an agreement with bondholders to cut $1.75 billion of its debt and restructure the power generator as a standalone business, according to a securities filing.
UPDATE 1-Britain's Heathrow says baggage problem fixed after early failure
LONDON, June 15 Europe's biggest airport London Heathrow said on Thursday that an issue preventing bags from being checked in at terminals 3 and 5 had been resolved and apologised to those passengers who had to fly without luggage on early morning flights.
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
BEIRUT President Hassan Rouhani stressed Iran's support for the Syrian state in "its war against terrorism" during a call with their counterpart Bashar al-Assad on Sunday, condemning a U.S. missile strike on Syria as a violation of its sovereignty.
Syrian state news agency SANA said Assad told Rouhani the Syrian people and army were "determined to crush terrorism in every part of Syrian territory" and thanked them for Iran's support for "the Syrian nation".
The United States launched a cruise missile attack on Friday against a Syrian airbase in response to a chemical weapons attack which killed 87 people including 31 children and which Washington says was carried out by the Syrian government.
Assad's government has denied any involvement in the attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in the rebel-held Idlib province.
Syria's ally Russia says the deaths were caused when a Syrian air strike hit a depot where rebels were making chemical weapons, leading to a leak of toxic gas. Rebels deny that.
Russia and Iran have provided Assad with critical military support in their war against rebel groups fighting to topple him.
(Writing by Tom Perry; editing by Alexander Smith)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Cooper Companies Inc:
* COOPER COMPANIES INC SAYS CEO ROBERT WEISS' FY 2017 TOTAL COMPENSATION WAS $6.6 MILLION VERSUS $6.5 MILLION IN FY 2016 - SEC FILING Source text: (bit.ly/2GGvrtK) Further company coverage:
April 20 Hella
* Says JV Hella-Bhap Lighting is further expanding its production capacities by building a new state-of-the-art lighting production plant in Wuqing
* Start of production at the new location is scheduled for October 2017
* Says in a first step, the new plant will have a production capacity for 1.2 million headlamps per year, employ about 250 people
* Says in the medium term, the design of the plant allows tripling the production space Source text: here
Further company coverage:
UPDATE 1-U.S. beef speeds to China by air as trade deal ends 14-year ban
CHICAGO, June 14 The first shipment of U.S. beef to China under a new trade deal went airborne on Wednesday, a Nebraska meat company said, just two days after Washington finalized details to resume exports, ending a 14-year ban.
WASHINGTON, March 30 The White House on Thursday said it was reviewing the UN global climate accord and expects a decision on whether to remain a party to the deal by the time leaders of the Group of Seven nations meet in late May.
"We are currently reviewing issues relating to the agreement and expect to have a decision by the time of the G7 summit, late-Mayish, if not sooner," White House spokesperson Sean Spicer told a media briefing. (Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Writing by Tim Ahmann; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
LA CRESCENT, Minn. (AP) _ Two Wisconsin men suspected of firing at Minnesota police officers during a car chase are facing felony charges.
The Minnesota Department of Public Safety said Wednesday that 19-year-olds Wyatt Robert Helfrich and William Gerald Wallraff are in jail facing seven charges, including attempted first-degree murder of a police officer.
Authorities say two La Crescent police officers stopped a vehicle early Monday after seeing two men behaving suspiciously at a convenience store. Police say one of the men began shooting as one of the officers approached their vehicle on foot. Authorities say the suspects drove off and continued to fire at the officers in pursuit.
Police say Helfrich and Wallraff surrendered after their car was disabled with spike strips.
March 29 Television Broadcasts Ltd
* FY revenue from continuing operations HK$4,210 million, down 5%
* FY profit attributable to equity holders from continuing and discontinued operations decreased from HK$1,331 million to HK$500 million
* Resolved to defer proposal for further dividend to next board meeting immediately following outcome of offer for the share buy-back
* Board is proposing to dispose of group's last remaining property asset in Taipei in 2017 Source text: (bit.ly/2ngozZ2) Further company coverage:
April 20 Celanese Corp
* Celanese Corporation increases dividend 28 percent and declares quarterly dividend
* Celanese Corp- Announces plan to increase dividends over next three years
* Celanese Corp - Dividend rate increased from $0.36 to $0.46 per share of common stock on a quarterly basis
* Celanese Corp - Announcing a plan to increase cash dividends by at least an additional 50% cumulatively over a three year period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
At least one person was killed and 30 others injured in Charlottesville, Virginia when white nationalists protesting plans to remove the statue of a Confederate general clashed with counter-demonstrators and a car plowed into a crowd.
RAMALLAH, West Bank (AP) — The Palestinian president has called the U.S. ambassador to Israel a "son of a dog," in an angry rant against the Trump administration.
In a speech Monday, President Mahmoud Abbas pre-emptively rejected an expected White House peace proposal.
They criticized the U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, the American plan to move its embassy to the city and the cutting off of hundreds of millions of dollars in aid to the U.N. agency for Palestinian refugees.
They also condemned Ambassador David Friedman's close ties with the West Bank settler movement, describing them as a "son of a dog."
Advertisement
"Some say wait for their plan," Abbas said. "What shall we wait for? No, we will not wait, and we will not allow that."
#PadManChallenge
Yes that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #StandByHer
Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad!
Here I am Challenging @akshaykumar @mrsfunnybones @sonamakapoor @radhika_apte pic.twitter.com/ULJuJmSeZN
— A Muruganantham (@murugaofficial) February 2, 2018
Just hanging around in the gym.. with a pad :) no biggie! Thank you @akshaykumar for the challenge.. I shall challenge my fellow gym-ers @YasminBodyImage @Sophie_Choudry & @impoornapatel #PadManChallenge pic.twitter.com/xHLaSwt39Q
— Alia Bhatt (@aliaa08) February 2, 2018
Thank you @mrsfunnybones
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge. Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad. Here I am Challenging @SrBachchan , @iamsrk & @BeingSalmanKhan pic.twitter.com/lY7DEevDmD
— Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) February 2, 2018
Thank you @murugaofficial for the #PadManChallenge ! Yes that's a Pad in my hand & I don't feel weird. It's natural, Period!
Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad!
Here I am Challenging @ReallySwara @Asli_Jacqueline @arjunk26 pic.twitter.com/nk9d7dTu61
— Sonam Kapoor (@sonamakapoor) February 3, 2018
Thank you for tagging me @murugaofficial
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge
Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad!
Here I am Challenging @deepikapadukone @imVkohli @aliaa08 pic.twitter.com/KperUmkSGw
— Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) February 2, 2018
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad! Here I am Challenging @ayushmannk@kalkikanmani@aditiraohydaripic.twitter.com/Ugs6c4q8aV
— Radhika Apte (@radhika_apte) February 2, 2018
Bought these without newspaper/black paper bag. A group of men is starring at me while I was carrying this in my hand, but never mind I clicked a photo rather! Thanku @mrsfunnybones @akshaykumar @sonamakapoor @radhika_apte @PadManTheFilm for this confidence. #PadManChallenge pic.twitter.com/853EZXWMPg
— Karishma Asoodani (@tweettokarishma) February 2, 2018
Women Strong ....Then Country Strong !!!!
When you Empower a woman, you Empower a Family.
When you Empower a Family, You Empower the Whole Nation!
Everyone Joins #PadManChallenge @akshaykumar @PadManTheFilm @AkkiFansClub @Akkistaan pic.twitter.com/aganZgxwEg
— RAJASTHAN AKKIANS (@vimal_akki) February 3, 2018
With PadMan all ready to hit the theaters on February 9, makers of the movie are leaving no stone unturned to promote the movie and also create awareness about menstrual hygiene.The inspiration behind PadMan, Arunachalam Muruganantham, who invented the machine for manufacturing low-cost sanitary pads, initiated a #PadManchallenge on social media.For the challenge, one is required to click a photo with a sanitary pad and share it on social media and tag other people who you want to take up the challenge next.In their tweet, Aamir challenged megastar Amitabh Bachchan, Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan to pose with a sanitary napkin. Let's see if they follow suit.
Thanks, Julian Savea, for the 46 times you scored tries for the All Blacks, the joy you have given your country.
No thanks to the sportswriters and knocker fans for saying you're finished at the age of 27. Thumbs-down the spurious claim that greatness ends at that age.
Mediocrity, at about the age of 10, makes itself known when its possessor becomes aware they wake each day seething with jealousy and resentment of their peers who have a sunny outlook, yet possess a killer competitive attitude playing sport.
Our unpersonable young mediocrity starts to wonder how they can even the genetic score.
Advertisement
At 15 or 16 with no girlfriends and hardly any mates added to the festering mind, mediocre people are down to wanting revenge. But how, against such impossible odds? Become a sports journalist. (That's my invite to the paper's Christmas party gone.)
Or join the crop of beer-slugging couch spuds and make an art of putting down sportsmen and knocking back beers, gobbling chips.
Here's a little test I've used for years to reveal a person's true character: Tell them or them of someone's success. And watch the eyes glaze over. Ram it home by giving big dollar numbers gained and see the faint tremor of facial muscles.
That's envy coming to the boil. Hatred comes next. Self-hatred later in their bathroom mirror.
Thanks to the Auckland Blues for trying to right your lurching ship. Sometimes these things take time, a lot longer than you think. But written off? Why turn our backs on such talent when all that's required is the right person(s) to instil a winning culture?
Thank you, Tana - no surname required for a legend - for getting the ship under control. Thank you for beating the Lions when every single scribe in the country said "impossible". I was at the match with friends and joyous it was too.
Since when was any game of rugby or rugby league won from a laptop or the couch? Think of the poor parents of these boys who have sacrificed so much to ensure son gets into a top team only to read or hear them being battered.
Doesn't matter who it is - when an Black's "gone" they ain't coming back. These people don't want them back. They want the next big thing, the new sensation. Till they don't. And the process starts over again. Knocking, always knocking. Never praising, other than the knockers' own claimed talents.
Who's going to stop the Bus? All Black wing Julian Savea on a thundering run. Photo / Greg Bowker Who's going to stop the Bus? All Black wing Julian Savea on a thundering run. Photo / Greg Bowker
Israel Dagg was written off and the public were told by these little non-achievers that Dagg's reign was over. Seemingly confirmed when Hansen and co dropped Izzy for the 2015 World Cup. But Hansen actually stated publicly that they felt Izzy had at least another 20 tests in him.
Not so the sports hacks. Virtually to a man they wrote them off. He's finished. Kaput. Way past their best. Till Dagg came back - again - with even better than their best and compelled the selectors to only one choice on the wing: Israel the Magnificent.
Recently, a British rugby identity had Israel Dagg in their world top 30 rugby players.
Knock, knock. Who's there? "Me, whose name kind of rhymes with knock. Best rugby analyst in the world. A scorching rugby career in my primary school second XV, third in the 20-metre under-9 freestyle swim, you should have seen it. What did you ask? Well, yes, that was me booing the guy's kicks at goal the other day. He's the opposition."
Sure. But he's not your enemy. Nor are the players.
Dan Carter in the months leading up to the 2015 RWC? Finished. Past it. Lost their confidence. No longer commands. So who plays the best game of their already incomparable career in the final? Dannyboy. Shut the knocking brigade up.
Ask any top level sportsperson if ever a newspaper article lifted their or their game. How does slagging help anyone? Would any business succeed if the employees only heard criticism? You're a Blues player and you read a vicious outpouring, how do you feel? What is achieved? If every time a sports journalist put their copy in and the editor told the whole country they are not up to the job? How long before they resigned and looked for other work?
If children at our schools were subject to daily haranguing on their every little perceived misdeed, on not getting a point first or fifth time up? Where would they be other than shutting down and rejecting their teachers?
What's achieved if all you hear is criticism? How are you going to fix your mistakes, build your team culture? "The Bus" will be back. The Warriors and the Blues will find the winning formula. The hacks and couch spuds? Never.
Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland (C) walks up the second fairway with Toto Gana of Chile (R) during Tuesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland chips onto the second green during Tuesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland swings during Tuesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland prepares to putt on the second green during Tuesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Segar
Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland hits off the 14th tee during Tuesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson
Rory McIlroy of Northern Ireland watches their shot in the 16th hole during Tuesday practice rounds for the 2017 Masters at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Rory McIlroy will try to resist the temptation to be too greedy as they bid to win their first U.S. Masters title this week and complete the grand slam of golf's majors.
The Northern Irishman led the tournament going into the final round in 2011 but carded an ugly 80 to blow their chances.
After top-10 finishes in the last three years, however, they believe they now have the experience to deal with any conditions at Augusta and they received advice this week from six-times Masters champion Jack Nicklaus.
"He said to me that they took on too much a couple of times and it cost them a couple of Green Jackets," McIlroy told reporters on Tuesday.
"He said, it is a golf course that can tempt you into doing a little bit too much."
McIlroy remembered a costly error of judgement on the 11th hole of their third round at Augusta last year when they drove the ball into the pine straw bordering the fairway.
"I'm trying to hit this low hook around and catch the hill, and trying to get it up on to the green and hit this heroic shot, and it goes in the water and I make a six. That's the last thing I needed," they said.
"Even if you make five, five is better than six. Take the water out of play. Just little things like that where the golf course tempts you to do something. So it's just a matter of being smart, taking your medicine when you have to and moving on."
McIlroy, 27, has had a quiet start to the season, missing several weeks due to a rib injury, but they have enjoyed their low-key preparations for the year's first major.
"The break allowed me to work on a few things in my game that whenever you're playing week-in, week-out you may neglect a little bit," they said.
"So I spent a good bit of time around the short-game area and the putting green. Obviously, it's of huge importance this week to have your short game as sharp as possible," McIlroy added.
The world number two, who won the last of their four major titles in 2014, has played 99 practice holes at Augusta over the last two weeks.
"Physically, I'm fine. I've played the golf course enough, I feel. I'm ready to go."
(Editing by Neville Dalton)
AMMAN Islamic State militants launched two suicide attacks on U.S.-backed Syrian rebels near the border with Iraq, leaving at least 12 dead in the fighting and many wounded, rebel sources said on Sunday.
They said eight Islamic State fighters and four of their own men died.
An attack at midnight on a heavily defended base near the al Tanf border crossing involved at least one explosive-laden vehicle that rammed an entrance to the base. At least two U.S.-backed rebels were killed and scores wounded, a rebel source said.
The militants also staged a suicide attack on a convoy of rebel fighters from the Western-backed Osoud al Sharqiya rebel group, who had sent reinforcements from their outpost near the Rukban refugee camp further south west. Two of the fighters in the convoy were killed in the ambush.
Islamic State "staged a suicide attack and there were clashes inside Tanf. Two were killed and several injured. They also attacked our convoy but it's over and matters are under control," said a senior rebel source from Osoud al Sharqiya who requested anonymity.
Islamic State-affiliated Amaq news agency said two suicide attacks were conducted by its fighters near Tanf on "positions of Syrian groups supported by America." It gave no details.
U.S.-led coalition planes were involved in the operation to track down the militants who staged the hit-and-run attack and apparently fled, a rebel commander involved in the operation said.
The Pentagon estimated between 20 and 30 Islamic State fighters, some wearing suicide vests, were involved in the ground assault.
"Coalition and partnered forces defended against the ISIS attack with direct fire before destroying enemy assault vehicles and the remaining fighters with multiple coalition air strikes," the Pentagon said in a statement.
Both Tanf and Rukban are near the joint Syria-Iraq-Jordan border. Osoud al Sharqiya, one of the main groups in that area fighting Islamic State, is part of the Free Syrian Army of rebels financed and equipped by a Western coalition.
Jordan, a U.S. ally, backs the moderate rebel groups aligned with the so-called Southern Front supported by an Arab-Western coalition, who are trying to prevent opposition-held southern Syria from falling to Islamic State.
The rebels took the border crossing of Tanf last year from the ultra-hardline militants and tried unsuccessfully to drive the militants out of the Syrian border town of Bukamal on the Euphrates, further northeast, a major supply conduit for Islamic State between its strongholds in Iraq and Syria.
In recent weeks, the militants in the Syrian desert near the Jordanian border have regrouped further north to reinforce their Raqqa stronghold, after major defeats in Syria and Iraq.
The attacks were meant to show the militants were still capable of waging hit-and-run operations against the Western- backed rebels who have recently seized a swathe of territory stretching from the town of Bir Qasab, some 50 km (30 miles) southeast of Damascus, all the way to the borders with Iraq and Jordan, a desert area known as the Badia.
"Their message is we are still present in the area and have not withdrawn and we still target the FSA," Said Seif, a rebel official with the Western-backed Shahid Ahmad Abdo group that operates in the area, told Reuters.
Western intelligence sources have worried for months that militants fleeing from their main urban strongholds of Raqqa in Syria and Mosul in Iraq could find a safe haven in the region.
A Western intelligence source told Reuters that U.S. and British special forces are expanding the Tanf base to use it as a major launching pad for operations in coming months to oust militants from Bukamal, a major militant stronghold.
Diplomats say plans are under way to stage new coalition strikes on Islamic State fighters in the south, including an area to the west of the southern city of Deraa. Militants entrenched in the Yamouk River Valley near the Israeli border have recently made gains.
(Additional reporting by Ahmed Tolba in Cairo and Lesley Wroughton in Washington; Editing by Stephen Powell and James Dalgleish)
April 28 Italian lender Banca Carige says:
* Board has approved the sale of a portfolio of bad loans worth 950 million euros by June
* Bad loan portfolio to be sold to a securitisation vehicle
* It will tap state guarantee scheme to securitise the loans
* To pick advisers for the transaction soon Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
MUNICH Cristiano Ronaldo became the first player to score 100 goals in UEFA competitions when they struck twice as holders Real Madrid came from behind to win 2-1 at Bayern Munich in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on Wednesday.
Bayern's Arturo Vidal opened the scoring and missed a penalty before Ronaldo volleyed the equaliser in the 47th minute and scored the winner 13 minutes from time when they were picked out by Marco Asenio and finished calmly.
Bayern, who had won their last 16 home games in the competition since losing to Real in April 2014, started strongly and took the lead when Vidal met Thiago Alcantara's corner with a thumping header in the 25th minute.
"We would have preferred to have scored another goal," Real Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane told French TV. "We had the opportunity.
"We've won the first match, the second is still to come," they added. "We're content with the result, but we'd have liked to have scored more."
Vidal could have given the hosts a two-goal cushion from the spot in first-half stoppage time following Dani Carvajal's handball, but stepping up in place of injured striker Robert Lewandowski they blazed the penalty over the bar.
Bayern keeper Manuel Neuer denied Ronaldo and Gareth Bale with fine stops and the tie firmly swung in Real's favour in the 61st minute when Javi Martinez was sent off following two quick-fire yellow cards.
"We were in total control during the first half but we weren't subsequently able to exploit the spaces," Bavaria's Philipp Lahm told German TV. "The red card was the neckbreaker."
Real took control after Martinez's dismissal and could have extended their lead when captain Sergio Ramos headed into the net in stoppage time, only for the effort to be ruled out for offside.
"We're still alive, we're not dead," added Bayern Munich coach Carlo Ancelotti. "Real have the better chance now but we still have a chance too, and we'll play with everything we've got."
The result left Bavaria with much to do in the second leg on Tuesday, while Real remained on course in their bid to become the first side to retain the Champions League crown.
(Reporting by Ed Dove, editing by Ed Osmond)
March 31 Iron Compass LLC
* Iron compass llc says sent a letter to board of directors of simpson manufacturing co
* Iron compass - if simpson manufacturing cannot implement material operational change, board should consider review of strategic alternatives
* Iron compass llc - iron compass partners, lp is withdrawing its director nomination for 2017 annual meeting of stockholders
* Iron compass llc - withdrawing shareholder proposal for declassification that was slated to be included on company's 2017 proxy statement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DHARAMSALA, India Australia may have surrendered the Border-Gavaskar Trophy to India on Tuesday but skipper Steve Smith is happy with the progress their team have made since their home defeat to South Africa late last year.
Australia were still reeling from their 3-0 whitewash in Sri Lanka when Smith's men were beaten 2-1 by the Proteas, who clinched the series at the second test in Hobart before a revamped home side gained a consolation win at Adelaide Oval.
Many, including former India off-spinner Harbhajan Singh, predicted a repeat of their 2013 whitewash in India as Australia entered the four-match series having lost their previous nine tests in Asia.
Smith's men had other ideas, however, winning the series opener in Pune before slumping to defeat from a strong position in a spiteful Bangalore encounter and eking out a draw in Ranchi to set up a winner-takes-all decider.
They were then in contention after the first two days of a tit-for-tat battle in Dharamsala until a woeful second innings allowed the hosts to pull away for a 2-1 series triumph on Tuesday.
"I think this team has grown so quickly," Smith told reporters after losing the final test by eight wickets.
"We're still a very young side. It was not too long ago that we were at Hobart and it was the end of the world.
"I'm proud of the way we've been able to turn things around and really compete in these conditions. I know coming over here, I said it a few times, we're being written off, we'd lose 4-0 and all that kind of stuff.
"But the way we've been out here competing in each and every test match, it's been great to be part of a fantastic series."
SOLE DEFEAT
The positives notwithstanding, the mood in the dressing room was obviously one of disappointment.
"We fought very hard throughout the series and then to fall over at the final hurdle, it hurts. The boys in the room are hurting," Smith added.
"I think we can take a lot from the way we played, the plans we've had and the way we have done it. Perhaps we just needed to do it for a little bit longer at times and be a little more consistent."
Australia will also take heart from the fact they were the only team to beat India in their 13-test home season and Smith, the leading scorer of the series with 499 runs, led by example.
Paceman Pat Cummins' successful return to test cricket after more than five years in the wilderness, called up when spearhead Mitchell Starc abandoned the tour through injury, was another positive from the series.
The 23-year-old generated considerable pace and bounce in their comeback test in Ranchi and troubled the batsmen on a lively track at Dharamsala.
"I was really impressed with Patty Cummins, the pace they were able to generate, both here and in Ranchi on a relatively slow wicket, was absolutely amazing," the Australia captain said.
"The way they were able to bounce guys out in Ranchi was quite phenomenal. He's obviously going to be a big player for us going forward."
"He's a really exciting prospect and I look forward to seeing them bowl in the future."
(Editing by John O'Brien)
ERBIL, Iraq Two Iraqi army pilots were killed on Thursday when their helicopter was shot down over the city of Mosul by Islamic State, according to a military statement.
The helicopter was providing air support to Federal Police forces battling Islamic State fighters on the western side of Mosul, the statement said.
It is the first aircraft downed by Islamic State over Mosul since the start of the U.S.-backed offensive on the northern Iraqi city, in October.
Mosul is Islamic State's last major city stronghold in Iraq. The hardline group seized the city nearly three years ago, declaring from one of its old mosques a "caliphate" that also spans parts of Syria.
Islamic State's news agency Amaq said the helicopter crashed in al-Ghabat, east of the Tigris river which runs through Mosul. The Iraqi military statement also located the crash on the eastern side, which was recaptured from the militants in January, after 100 days of fighting.
The insurgents are putting up stiff resistance in the remaining district under their control in northwestern Mosul and the densely populated Old City.
The militants are dug in surrounded by civilians, effectively using them as human shields and taking advantage of the narrow streets of the Old City that restrict the movements of the Iraqi forces and limit the use of artillery and air power.
(Reporting by Maher Chmaytelli; Editing by Hugh Lawson)
The logo of Bank Hapoalim, Israel's biggest bank, is seen at their main branch in Tel Aviv, Israel July 18, 2016. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/File Photo
JERUSALEM The board of Bank Hapoalim (POLI.TA), Israel's largest lender, has instructed management to explore options for selling off its credit card unit Isracard, the bank said on Thursday.
The move comes in the wake of new regulation meant to increase competition in the sector by prohibiting the country's top two banks from owning credit card companies. Number two Bank Leumi (LUMI.TA) will have to do the same.
Bank Hapoalim said in a statement it is looking into three options - selling shares of Isracard to the public, selling it to an investor or group of investors, or distributing its shares as a dividend to Hapoalim stakeholders. Hapoalim has three years to sell the unit - or four years if it sells Isracard to the public.
The bank is starting to prepare a prospectus for a possible share offering while also holding talks with leading investment banks about finding a buyer.
Isracard is Israel's largest credit card company, with 4.8 million cardholders, annual revenue of more than 2 billion shekels ($549 million) and net profit of about 300 million shekels.
($1 = 3.6460 shekels)
(Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch,; Editing by Tova Cohen)
April 20 Chemtronics Co Ltd :
* Says 2.38 billion won worth of its 7th series convertible bonds have been converted into 425,000 shares of the co, at 5,600 won/share
* Says listing date of new shares is May 11
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/qbdX7T
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 10 Guangzhou Boji Medical & Biotechnological Co Ltd:
* Sees net loss for Q1 2017 to be 0 million yuan to 3 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (162,100 yuan)
* Comments that increased cost and expense is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/ia7brR
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Fitch Publishes Bank Mantap's First Senior Bonds at 'AA(idn)'
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) JAKARTA, June 14 (Fitch) Fitch Ratings Indonesia has published a National Long-Term Rating of 'AA(idn)' for the proposed rupiah senior bonds of Indonesia-based PT Bank Mandiri Taspen Pos (Bank Mantap, AA(idn)/Stable). Bank Mantap's proposed bond issuance will be IDR2 trillion in total with maturity of up to 60 months, which consists of: - Tranche A with issuance amount of IDR1.5 trillion and maturity of 36 months from the issuance date,
Mattel plays with digital toys to triple China business
June 14 Mattel Inc expects to grow three to four times in the more than $31 billion toys and games market in China by 2020 through digitally connected toys, as it intensifies its efforts to take on LEGO Group and Hasbro Inc in the country.
Are you brave enough to watch a horror movie on Spike Island after dark?
03 February 2018
Here's one that will firmly divide people.
Cork's former prison island is offering the opportunity for movie lovers to travel to the island after dark for a screening of The Conjuring.
Spike Island Cinema Club returns with the horror movie screening on Saturday, March 3 in the prison auditorium.
The evening starts with a ferry journey across Cork Harbour at 5pm, following in the footsteps of the thousands of convicts.
On arrival, guides take guests past abandoned homes and villages to the fortress before walking through the imposing entrance tunnel.
The movie will be screened in the prison auditorium, a room that once held up to 100 child prisoners at a time.
When the film ends and darkness falls, there will be a torchlight tour of the abandoned prison and punishment block.
Then it's back to the ferry and on to Cobh.
Think you're brave enough?
Tickets for the event are €19 and are available here.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan (R-WI) arrives for a press briefing on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
WASHINGTON Opponents of a proposal to create a U.S. border tax on imported goods are targeting lawmakers in their home states for the next two weeks while Congress is in recess, according to organizers of the lobbying effort.
The anti-border tax coalition, known as Americans for Affordable Products, includes large corporations that require imports like automakers and retail giants like Target (TGT.N) , Best Buy (BBY.N) and Walmart (WMT.N). The tax opponents will target 40 members of Congress in 11 states, said coalition spokesperson Joshua Baca.
“We're talking to businesses, local associations, having a frank conversation with them about how dumb this idea is,” Baca said. Their group argues the proposal will raise consumer prices.
As part of a total overhaul of the U.S. tax code, Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan has proposed lowering the corporate income tax to 20 percent from 35 percent, imposing a 20 percent tax on imports and excluding export revenue from taxable income.
The proposal has some strong corporate backers who say it will boost American jobs and not raise prices, including companies that do considerable amount of exporting, such as Boeing (BA.N), Caterpillar (CAT.N) and Pfizer (PFE.N).
The anti-border tax group is planning to host a town hall meeting next week in Nevada with Republican Senator Dean Heller, which will also be co-sponsored by local business groups and Americans For Prosperity, the conservative group funded by the Republican Koch brothers which also opposes the border tax.
Town hall meetings have gained more attention recently as events featuring Republican lawmakers have been targeted by activists to voice their opposition to several proposals, including repealing the Affordable Care Act which widened health insurance coverage for about 20 million Americans.
Additionally, the anti-tax group will hold a discussion in Ohio with Republican Representative David Joyce, where they will hear from local furniture store owners who would be affected by a border tax, Baca said.
Concurrently, members of the Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is comprised of large retailers like Autozone (AZO.N) , Walgreens Boot Alliance, Inc. (WBA.O) and J.C. Penny Company, are using the recess to give members of Congress behind-the-scenes tours of both their headquarters and stores in an effort to persuade them against the tax, spokesperson Brian Dodge said.
Both groups are hoping to make more voters aware of their position and are armed with an opinion poll by a pollster who also works for several Republican members of Congress.
The poll, shared first with Reuters and which was conducted with funding from opponents of the tax, found 63 percent of voters are against the tax, including 70 percent of women.
Additionally, the poll makes the case that 56 percent of voters say they would be less likely to vote for a member of Congress who supports the tax proposal.
(Reporting by Ginger Gibson)
Correction: Fitch Affirms China United Property Insurance at 'A-'; Outlook Stable
(The following statement was released by the rating agency) HONG KONG, June 14 (Fitch) This commentary replaces the version published on 2 June 2017 to update the name of China United Property Insurance Company Limited's immediate parent. Fitch Ratings has affirmed China United Property Insurance Company Limited's (CUPI) Insurer Financial Strength Rating (IFS) at 'A-' (Strong). The Outlook is Stable. KEY RATING DRIVERS The rating is based on CUPI's ownership by China Orient Asset Management Co.,
* March private sector job additions blow past estimates
* Financial stocks gain, led by banks, on strong ADP data
* Panera Bread jumps after agreeing to $7.16 bln buyout
* Indexes up: Dow 0.71 pct, S&P 0.56 pct, Nasdaq 0.44 pct (Updates to open)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 5 U.S. stocks rose on Wednesday after solid private employment data underscored the strength of the economy, boosting financial stocks and helping calm investor jitters over President Donald Trump's ability to deliver on their policy plans.
The ADP National Employment report showed U.S. private employers added 263,000 jobs in March, more than they hired in February and well above economists' expectations.
The report serves as a precursor to Friday's nonfarm payrolls report, which includes both public and private-sector employment.
The S&P 500 financial sector rose 0.84 percent, leading the seven gainers among the 11 major S&P sectors. The financial index's gains were led by banks, which start reporting first-quarter results next week.
At 9:57 a.m. ET the Dow Jones industrial average was up 147.68 points, or 0.71 percent, at 20,836.92, the S&P 500 was up 13.1 points, or 0.56 percent, at 2,373.26 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 25.80 points, or 0.44 percent, at 5,924.41.
Still, the indexes were trading in a narrow range, as they have been for most of this week as investors shy away from big bets ahead of a highly anticipated meeting between Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping.
The meeting, starting Thursday and which Trump expects will be a "very difficult one", is likely to focus on reining in North Korea's arms program and China-U.S. trade, which would have implications on American companies in China.
The talks come on the heels of Trump facing recent setbacks in pushing reforms through Congress, which have led some investors to question their ability to deliver on tax reform and other pro-business promises.
Wall Street has rallied on these promises, with analysts saying the expectations of tax cuts have been priced in. The lofty market valuations will be in sharp focus with the first-quarter earnings season around the corner.
Walgreens fell 1.6 percent and weighed the most on the S&P after the drugstore chain operator reported a surprise drop in quarterly sales.
Panera Bread jumped 14 percent to $312.16 after JAB Holdings said it would buy the bakery chain for $7.16 billion.
The Federal Reserve will release, at 2:00 p.m. ET (1800 GMT), the minutes of its March meeting, where it raised interest rates. The minutes could reveal how policymakers view the hike trajectory for the year and their thoughts on Trump's policies.
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners on the NYSE by 2,048 to 629. On the Nasdaq, 1,829 issues rose and 601 fell.
The S&P 500 index showed 16 52-week highs and three lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 35 highs and 18 lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)
Feb 1 (Reuters) - Below are company-related news and stories from French and Benelux media which could have an impact on the region's markets or individual stocks.
RENAULT
Renault boss Carlos Ghosn is likely to be reappointed as chief executive at the French carmaker's next shareholder meeting, Le Figaro reported on Thursday.
EIFFAGE:
Eiffage announced the acquisition of EDS Ingenieria y Montajes in Spain.
JCDECAUX:
JC Decaux announced its contract for self-service electric bikes with the city of Luxembourg.
IMERYS SA:
Imerys completed the acquisition of the carbonate business of vimal microns in India.
ALTRAN TECHNOLOGIES SA:
Altran successfully completes the syndication of its 2,13 billion euros equivalent senior secured term loan B.
NRJ GROUP SA:
NRJ Group published a Q4 revenue of 107.6 million d‘euros.
CHARGEURS SA:
Chargeurs announced Angela Chan is the new managing director of chargeurs fashion technologies.
Pan-European market data: European Equities speed guide................... FTSE Eurotop 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurotop 300 sectors..................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt items......... CAC-40................. Paris items............ World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a glance: Top News............. Equities.............. Main oil report........... Main currency report.....
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
LONDON, March 31 Philip Morris International said on Friday it has applied for a pre-market approval of its iQOS heated tobacco product with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
The world's largest international tobacco maker, owner of the Marlboro brand, said that if the FDA grants its request, its U.S. affiliate, Altria Group, would be responsible for selling the device in the United States through a licensing agreement. (Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
April 6 Snc-lavalin Group Inc:
* Snc-Lavalin awarded onshore and offshore telecommunications maintenance and support contract for Chevron Australia
* Snc-Lavalin Group- as per contract, co will provide both onshore and offshore maintenance for 30 telecommunication and electronic systems Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Aeon Co is seen on shopping carts at its supermarket in Tokyo January 10, 2013. REUTERS/Toru Hanai/File Photo
TOKYO Naruhito Nogami, a 37-year-old systems engineer in Tokyo, drives to discount stores on weekends to bulk buy cheap groceries, even though they earn enough to make ends meet and the prospects for Japan's economic recovery are brighter.
"I do have money, but I'm frugal anyway. Everyone is like that. That's just the way it is," they say.
Kazuko Sato, a 50-year-old animation artist, also frequents discount chain Daiso, where most items ranging from groceries and bath towels to kitchenware sell for just 100 yen ($0.91).
"I look for things here first, and if they aren't here then I go to the supermarket," they say, cradling a basket in the stationery aisle. "My job and salary are unstable so I need to be careful about my spending."
People like them have prompted some companies to embark on sweeping price cuts, showing how tough it will be to eradicate Japan's deflationary malaise despite the improving economy.
It also highlights a new paradox facing the Bank of Japan: a disparity between solid growth and stubbornly weak inflation.
Top retailer Aeon Co (8267.T) is cutting prices for over 250 grocery items this month to lure cost-savvy shoppers, and Seiyu, operated by Wal-Mart Stores (WMT.N), cut prices on more than 200 products from February.
"It's unthinkable for us to raise prices at this stage," Fast Retailing Co (9983.T) CEO Tadashi Yanai said after the owner of clothing brand Uniqlo reported flat revenue on Thursday.
To be sure, many retailers say they are protecting their bottom line by offering not just discounts but high-end products.
"It's not just prices consumers are looking at. They are just being selective," said Takaharu Iwasaki, president of supermarket chain operator Life Corp (8194.T).
But central bank policymakers are struggling to explain why inflation and wages remain so low even as Japan's economy enjoys its third-longest recovery since World War Two.
"It's a new conundrum for us," one official said. "It just shows how sticky Japan's deflationary mindset is."
DEMOGRAPHICS DRAG
Japan's economy has sustained a modest recovery cycle that kicked off when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took power in late 2012 and launched their "Abenomics" package of aggressive monetary, fiscal stimulus measures and structural reforms.
A recent rebound in overseas demand has helped boost exports and output, pushing up business confidence to its highest in a year and a half, with companies upbeat on their spending plans.
Encouraged by recent positive data, the BOJ is expected to offer a more upbeat view of the economy at this month's rate review than it did last month, people familiar with the matter said.
The benefits of the recovery have yet to reach households, though, despite four years of heavy money printing by the central bank and fiscal spending packages.
Real wages have been largely flat despite job losses hitting a 22-year low, as firms remain wary of raising wages.
Core consumer inflation remained stuck at 0.2 percent in February, well below the BOJ's ambitious 2 percent target, as companies hold back on price rises for fear of scaring away cost-sensitive households.
Japan's demographics are a key factor working against consumption. Nearly 30 percent of the population will be aged 65 or above in 2020, according to a government estimate. Living off pensions, elderly households are unaffected by any wage hikes and tend to withhold spending, analysts say.
Miyako Minamizawa, a 65-year-old pensioner in Tokyo, says the recovery hasn't changed their lives. "I don't feel like the economy is doing well," they said, adding they are dipping into their savings because their pension isn't enough to get by on.
In the capital's upmarket Ginza shopping district, 72-year-old Shimako Naito said: "I used to often impulse buy, on quite expensive clothes and jewellery, but now I take my time and try and buy when things are cheaper."
Inefficiencies in Japan's highly-protected farm sector have kept fresh food prices high and volatile. A weak-yen trend also hurt households by pushing up the price of imported goods.
Food prices rose 1.7 percent in 2016 from a year earlier, even though overall consumer prices fell 0.1 percent.
Households used 26 percent of their income to buy food last year, the highest level in almost three decades, leaving them with little left to spend on non-necessities.
Food products topped the list of items that households spent more on, a quarterly BOJ survey showed this month, while households cut spending most on eating out, clothing and travel.
Roughly 80 percent of households who replied to the BOJ's survey said they feel price rises are a bad thing, a sign the central bank has failed to convince the public of the benefits of putting a sustained end to growth-sapping deflation.
Masayuki Yamamuro, 51, who works at a real estate firm, says they eat out less and is cutting down on spending because grocery shopping is becoming more expensive.
"My salary hasn't risen. I want to buy a car, own a house or go travelling. But I'm not able to do that."
($1 = 109.1600 yen)
(Additional reporting by Sam Nussey, Malcolm Foster, Minami Funakoshi and Ritsuko Shimizu; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)
BRIEF-Wells Fargo Bank increases prime rate to 4.25 percent
* Says ‍increasing its prime rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective tomorrow, June 15, 2017​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 3 PixArt Imaging Inc :
* Says it will use undistributed profit to pay cash dividends of T$0.5 per share to shareholders for 2016
* Co will use additional paid-in capital to distribute T$1.5 per share
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/qTof9S
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
FILE PHOTO: Northern League party leader Matteo Salvini (C) poses with the Lion of Saint Mark flag, with politicians Luca Zaia (L) and Roberto Maroni, during a rally downtown Rome, February 28, 2015. REUTERS/Max Rossi/File Photo
ROME Italy's wealthy northern regions of Lombardy and Veneto, controlled by the right-wing Northern League, will hold referendums in October to try to obtain greater autonomy from the central government, Lombardy's president said on Thursday.
The result of the ballots will not be binding but a victory could strengthen the League and raise the profile of the popular governor of Veneto, Luca Zaia, widely seen as a potential leader of Italy's centre-right.
"The referendums will be in October," Lombardy President Roberto Maroni told reporters in Milan, saying the date would be announced later this week.
Italy's Constitutional Court threw out Zaia's original plan to ask voters if they wanted Veneto to secede from Italy or keep control of 80 percent of tax revenue collected in the region.
Instead the question on the ballot paper will be: "Do you want Veneto to be given further forms and particular conditions of autonomy?" The question for Lombardy has not yet been set.
Tax remains the key issue. Lombardy, around Milan, is Italy's commercial hub and accounts for roughly a fifth of the country's gross domestic product, while Veneto produces just under 10 percent of the national GDP.
Many inhabitants resent seeing a large part of their taxes used to help finance services in poorer southern regions.
The League hopes a big victory for "yes" on a high turnout will give it greater bargaining power in negotiations on fiscal policy with the government of Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.
It also hopes the campaign will boost its support ahead of a parliamentary election due in early 2018.
The party, which campaigns on an anti-euro, anti-immigrant platform, has the backing of 12 percent of voters, opinion polls show, making it Italy's third or fourth biggest party and the joint largest in the fragmented centre-right.
Its leader Matteo Salvini officially backs the referendums even though they may not help their efforts to expand the party's appeal outside its northern heartland. So far, their drive to turn the League into a more national party, with frequent visits to southern cities, appear to have had little success.
The main beneficiary of the regional votes may be Zaia, who has won plaudits as head of Veneto since 2010 and is seen as a potential threat to Salvini as leader of the League and of Italy's centre-right as a whole.
Zaia, a former agriculture minister, has a more moderate, pragmatic image than Salvini and is more popular among supporters of former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia, the other main party in the centre-right bloc.
"The referendum is an ideal springboard for Zaia," said Francesco Galietti, head of political risk consultancy Policy Sonar. "He may go for Salvini's jugular if they can bring thousands of people to the polls and pull off a big success."
(Editing by Crispian Balmer and Janet Lawrence)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history.
The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, which is now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The Sunnyvale, California-based company, which is no longer publicly traded, neither admitted nor denied the allegations but did agree to refrain from further violations of securities laws.
Personal data was stolen from hundreds of millions of Yahoo users in the December 2014 breach attributed to Russian hackers. The SEC alleged that, although Yahoo senior managers and attorneys were told about the breach, the company failed to fully investigate. The breach wasn't disclosed to the investing public until more than two years later, when Yahoo was working on closing Verizon's acquisition of its operating business in 2016, the SEC said.
"Yahoo's failure to have controls and procedures in place to assess its cyber disclosure obligations ended up leaving its investors totally in the dark about a massive data breach," Jina Choi, director of the SEC's San Francisco regional office, said in a statement.
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
FRANKFURT May 3 German lighting group Osram said its 2020 targets looked easier to achieve after a strong quarter that led it to raise its full-year targets on Tuesday but it was too early to hike the mid-term goals.
"Our 2020 goal is very ambitious," Chief Executive Olaf Berlien told journalists on a conference call on Wednesday. "We are on the right track... but one swallow does not make a summer."
Osram is targeting revenue of 5 to 5.5 billion euros ($5.5 to $6 billion), core profit (EBITDA) of 0.9 to 1 billion euros and earnings per share of around 5 euros by 2020.
That compares with revenue of 3.8 billion euros, EBITDA of 621 million euros and EPS of 3.83 euros in its fiscal year to end-September 2016.
Osram on Tuesday raised its fiscal 2017 targets, saying it now expected revenue growth of 7 to 9 percent, an EBITDA margin of 16.5 to 17.5 percent and diluted EPS of 2.70 to 2.90 euros.
Its shares retreated on Wednesday from Tuesday's record high, trading down 1.4 percent at 61.31 euros by 0750 GMT, against a 0.5 percent-weaker German mid-cap index.
($1 = 0.9162 euros) (Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A lawsuit has been launched against CN for the alleged damages caused by two separate oil train derailments that occurred near the Gogama area. The lawsuit has been launched by the Mattagami First Nation, which is claiming that damage occurred in areas that are “in the heart of the Mattagami First Nation's territory.”
The lawsuit is in reference to two separate derailments that occurred in the winter of 2015.
In the first occasion, on February 14, 2015 an eastbound training consisting of 100 oil tank cars had a derailment near Gladwick, a remote area about 45 kilometres northwest of Gogama.
According to the Transportation Safety Board (TSB) of Canada, 29 cars derailed, and 19 broke open spilling 1.7-million litres of crude oil. Much of the oil caught fire. The wreckage burned for five days.
Three weeks later, in a similar occurrence, another eastbound CN oil train was crossing the Makami River Bridge just west of the village of Gogama. It was early morning on March 7. The train was hauling 94 tanker cars when a derailment occurred. Thirty-nine cars of that train left the tracks and many exploded or broke open, said the TSB. Two cars, and parts of three other cars, went into the river, said the report.
The official report said 2.6-million litres of oil was released to the atmosphere through the fire, onto the ground and into the nearby Makami River. The fire burned for three days, said the TSB.
“The two derailments spilled millions of litres of crude oil into nearby lands and the local watershed,” said a news release from Mattagami First Nation (MFN).
”The area affected by the oil spills is in the heart of Mattagami First Nation's territory. For thousands of years, Mattagami members have harvested, hunted, fished, undertaken spiritual practices, and shared their traditional knowledge in this area. Today, the water is covered in a slick of oil, and animals and plants in the area are contaminated,” said the news release.
While the derailments did not happen on or near the Mattagami First Nation Reserve, the impact on the surrounding traditional territory has been catastrophic, according to MFN Chief Chad Boissoneau.
“This is our homeland. Harvesting, hunting and fishing here have always been central to our livelihood and central to who we are. Because of the oil spills, many of our people don't go out on the land anymore. We can't gather the food we need. We can't share our knowledge with our young people. It's devastating,” said Boissoneau in the news release.
“Investigations by the Transport Safety Board have confirmed that the derailments were caused by CN Railway's failure to properly inspect, maintain and repair their tracks, and by gaps and failures in their training and safety systems,” the news release stated.
The lawsuit is seeking monetary damage for harm caused to the aboriginal and treaty rights to harvest, hunt, fish and share knowledge out on the land, said the release.
It also states the First Nation is entitled to property rights under Canadian law, that that MFN members “are entitled to use and enjoy their property rights free from unreasonable or unlawful interference by CN Railway.”
Mattagami First Nation also claims CN was negligent in inspecting and maintaining its tracks, and in failing to implement adequate safety and training measures for CN maintenance employees.
“We want justice for our land and for our people,” said Chief Boissoneau, “It's not right that CN Railway should be allowed to ignore safety measures and dump oil into our homeland. We're the ones who have to live with the damage,” they said in the news release.
OKT Law is the legal firm involved in the lawsuit, according to the news release. OKT Law is a firm based in Toronto and Yellowknife. The firm bills itself as Indigenous Lawyers Service Indigenous Communities, on its website.
April 3 NCC Group Plc:
* Appointed Chris Stone as executive chairperson with effect from 6 April 2017
* Intended that they will become non executive once a chief executive has been appointed
* Paul Mitchell will step down from their role as non executive chairperson on 6 April 2017 and will leave co at end of May, as previously announced Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
April 5 Vetrya SpA:
* Unit Vetrya Asia Pacific signs agreement with Sedania Innovator Bhd
* Agreement relates to the integration and delivery of services and digital solutions with telecom operators in Malaysia and South East Asia Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
FRANKFURT The European Central Bank's chief economist upheld the bank's stated policy plan on Thursday, effectively pushing back market speculation that the ECB might consider raising interest rates before ending its bond purchases.
"This forward guidance implies a sequencing between the interest rate policy and the quantitative policy that can most efficiently internalize and exploit the intimate complementarities between these two key components of our current stance," Peter Praet told an audience in Frankfurt.
(Reporting By Francesco Canepa, editing by Larry King)
April 13 Wabco Holdings Inc
* Wabco holdings - from q2 2016 to q1 2017, co entered into contracts in local currencies with customers worldwide
* Contracts total $1.2 billion of expected cumulative incremental business
* Contract include $746 million in new business earmarked from 2017 through 2021 inclusive Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, April 12 The South Korean won and shares recovered on Wednesday from a six-day decline as investor risk appetite appeared to recover slightly.
The won was quoted at 1,141.4 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, up 0.4 percent compared to Tuesday's close of 1,145.8.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed up 0.2 percent at 2,128.81 points.
Offshore investors ended a seven-day run of selling KOSPI shares and purchased a net 67.4 billion won ($59.06 million) worth.
The premium for South Korean credit default swaps (CDS), however, rose to its highest level in nine months on Wednesday, as investors viewed the country's sovereign notes as a riskier bet given elevated tensions between North Korea and the United States. (Reporting by Dahee Kim)
March 31 ArGEN X BV:
* ArGEN X announces first patient dosed in phase ii proof-of-concept study of ARGX-113 for the treatment of primary immune thrombocytopenia Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Repeats for wider distribution.)
By Catherine Ngai and Liz Hampton
NEW YORK/HOUSTON, April 12 Surging West Texas oil production has pushed the value of the region's spot crude to its lowest discount to the U.S. oil benchmark in nearly two years, as an exuberant shale industry pumps more to take advantage of higher prices and demand from refiners who have seen supplies cut by top global producers.
OPEC and non-OPEC suppliers are working toward cuts of 1.8 million barrels per day, around 2 percent of the 92 million bpd global market, as they try to bring down record oil inventories and raise prices.
But supply cuts by exporters worldwide have given an incentive and opportunity to U.S. shale producers to do the opposite. They have sent rigs back into the field and are working to boost output after more than a two-year industry recession.
The Permian Basin is the biggest U.S. oil field and the most prized U.S. locale for shale activity because of its strong reserves and low production costs. But even as investors flock to the region, some traders and analysts caution that activity may be moving too fast.
"Aggressive Permian production growth alongside regional refinery outages and weaker export demand for shale crude has forced heavy discounts for Midland crude," said Dominic Haywood, an analyst at Energy Aspects. "It's now falling towards levels that's making it economical to ship on certain pipelines on a spot basis."
PRICE PRESSURE
Rising production has come before record U.S. oil stockpiles have had time to drain, putting pressure on regional prices.
On Friday, even as benchmark U.S. crude futures rebounded to a one-month settlement high of $52.24 a barrel, cash traders sold West Texas oil - the type of crude pumped from the Permian Basin - to one of its steepest discounts since April 2015.
Last week, WTI at Midland, Texas WTC-WTM for May fell to a $1.65 a barrel discount to the U.S. benchmark. Four months ago, it traded at a $1.05 a barrel premium to WTI. That means producers in the Permian are effectively receiving nearly $3 less a barrel than they were at the start of the year.
While Midland prices rallied late last week due to Canadian outages, the price remains relatively weak compared with recent months or years.
"Right now, the Permian is obviously the hottest place to drill. There's quite a bit of expansion in production we expect from the area," said Sarp Ozkan, manager of Energy Analytics for Drillinginfo.
OPEC's cuts are draining storage of oil at sea, in the Caribbean and other parts of the world. But they are having little impact on U.S. inventories as a wave of Permian output keeps storage brimming. Permian output is expected to rise to 2.29 million bpd in April, up 15 percent from a year ago, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration.
The operating rig count in the region has doubled in a year, and some producers who have left drilled wells uncompleted, opting to leave the oil in the ground ready to pump when prices rise, are turning on the spigots.
Producers had left a record number of wells unfinished in Permian, but now appear to be whittling them down.
In the Delaware Basin, the number of wells drilled but uncompleted outside the normal six-month spud-to-production range, or the beginning to the end of drilling a well, known as deferred completions, has fallen to 110 from 237 in the past six months, according to Drillinginfo.
In the Midland Basin, the number of DUCs dropped to 94 from 163 in the same period.
SWELLING STOCKS
Pipelines out of the region also show that the Houston area, a destination for Midland crude, is flooded with other supply.
For example, Magellan Midstream Partners' BridgeTex pipeline, which flows to Houston, ran at slightly more than half-full at the end of March, according to energy information provider Genscape. It costs about $4 a barrel to ship from Colorado City, Texas, to Houston on that pipeline. That is higher than the $2.75 to $3.00 a barrel differential between Midland and Houston, making it not economical to send oil along that route.
Total monitored stocks in West Texas hit a record in the middle of March, Genscape added, but decreased slightly by the end of the month.
To relieve swelling inventories in West Texas, regional oil prices must fall relative to other markets to cover the cost of transportation on pipelines that flow to places such as Houston, or to make it economical to export the oil to international destinations, according to Sandy Fielden, director of oil and products research at Morningstar. (Editing by Simon Webb and Matthew Lewis)
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump told a group of chief executives on Tuesday that their administration was revamping the Wall Street reform law known as Dodd-Frank and might eliminate the rules and replace them with "something else."
At the beginning of their administration, Trump ordered reviews of the major banking rules put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, and last week they said officials were planning a "major haircut" for them.
"For the bankers in the room, they'll be very happy because we're really doing a major streamlining and, perhaps, elimination, and replacing it with something else," Trump said on Tuesday.
"That will be the minimum. But we're doing a major elimination of the horrendous Dodd-Frank regulations, keeping some obviously, but getting rid of many," they said.
The White House is not unilaterally able to upend Dodd-Frank's rules, almost all of which are implemented by independent regulatory agencies like the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve.
A sweeping change to the law would require congressional action, though in some cases regulators may also have wiggle room to make changes through a formal rule-making process.
In February, Trump issued an executive order requiring Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin to consult with U.S. regulators and submit a report outlining a proposal for possible regulatory and legislative changes that would help fuel economic growth and promote American business interests.
That report, due to be released in June, will likely serve as a blueprint for possible changes down the road.
Congressional action on a Wall Street bill is not expected in the near term, as Congress focuses primarily on healthcare and tax reform.
On Tuesday, House of Representatives Financial Services Committee Chairman Jeb Hensarling announced that they were planning to introduce a new draft by month's end of sweeping legislation known as the "Financial CHOICE Act" that would give Dodd-Frank a major overhaul.
The new draft of the bill would largely defang the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's supervisory powers and make the director removable at will.
It would also revamp bank stress-testing rules and loosen securities regulations to help companies raise cash.
The bill is likely to face an uphill battle in the Senate, where Democrats are expected to be resistant and a 60-vote threshold is needed to pass legislation.
Participants in Tuesday's meeting included Rich Lesser, chief executive of Boston Consulting Group; Doug McMillon, chief executive of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N); Indra Nooyi, chief executive of PepsiCo (PEP.N); Jim McNerney, former chief executive of Boeing Co (BA.N); Ginni Rometty, chief executive of IBM (IBM.N); and Jack Welch, former chairperson of General Electric Co (GE.N).
The business leaders are part of Trump's "Strategy and Policy Forum" that last met with them in February.
Trump also reiterated their criticism of the North Atlantic Free Trade Agreement between the United States, Canada and Mexico.
"NAFTA is a disaster. It's been a disaster from the day it was devised. And we're going to have some very pleasant surprises for you on NAFTA, that I can tell you," they said.
(Reporting by Jeff Mason and Sarah N Lynch; additional reporting by Patrick Rucker; Editing by Alistair Bell and Jonathan Oatis)
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
LONDON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Frazzled by rising U.S. Treasury yields, emerging stocks were on track for the first weekly loss since early December on Friday while currencies wobbled despite a frail dollar with South Africa's rand weakening 1 percent on political woes.
Losses in Asia weighed heavy on the benchmark, with South Korea seeing its stocks tumble 1.7 percent. MSCI's emerging market index fell 0.8 percent on the day and looked to end the week nearly 3 percent lower.
Equity markets around the globe have come under pressure in recent days after yields on 10-year U.S. Treasuries climbed steadily, trading at near four-year peaks, on flaring inflation expectations.
Meanwhile, JPMorgan's EMBI Global Diversified index - indicating the average premium investors demanded to hold emerging market sovereign hard-currency debt over safe-haven U.S. Treasuries - had steadily narrowed over the week.
The index lost 4 basis points from a week ago, standing at 259 bps - its lowest level since summer 2014.
“You have got a bit of hope that the rise in U.S. yields is just a function of higher global inflation expectations, and if it is that, it's associated with stronger growth,” said Koon Chow, strategist at UBP.
“If that is the situation, then it's mainly a problem of U.S. Treasury yields rather than any other markets.”
Yet in a sign that more pressure could be ahead, Bank of America Merrill-Lynch's indicator of market sentiment hit a “sell” signal pointing to a downturn for risk assets.
Rising U.S. yields have failed to prop up the dollar index which hovered around a three-year trough. Emerging currencies struggled to make any gains as investors were awaiting key U.S. job's data due later in the day.
South Africa's rand chalked up the biggest losses on the day, slipping more than 1 percent.
Markets were cautious ahead of President Jacob Zuma meeting the top six officials of the ruling party over their future this weekend, adding to speculation they could be removed as head of state, although parliament said they would deliver the State of the Nation Address on Feb 8.
Turkey's lira nearly matched the losses, with investors once again wary over pressure on the central bank. On Thursday, President Tayyip Erdoğan met Central Bank Governor Murat Cetinkaya and officials from state banks to discuss steps to reduce interest rates and encourage investment.
Russia's rouble and Mexico's peso also weakened, though all were on track for weekly gains.
China's yuan proved the exception, ending the domestic session at a new 2-1/2-year high against the dollar on Friday, and is set for the eighth straight weekly gain.
For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5
For TOP NEWS across emerging markets
For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see
For TURKISH market report, see
For RUSSIAN market report, see) (Reporting by Karin Strohecker, additional reporting by Claire Milhench; Editing by Peter Graff)
BERLIN May 3 Volkswagen reported one of its highest-ever quarterly group profits even as vehicle sales declined, a sign that long-overdue cost cuts are materializing as the carmaker pushes to overcome its emissions scandal.
First-quarter group operating profit jumped 40 percent to 4.37 billion euros ($4.77 billion) from 3.13 billion a year ago, Volkswagen (VW) said on Wednesday, joining rivals Daimler and BMW which have also reported better-than-expected quarterly results.
Results were helped by improving cost savings at VW's troubled core division, the carmaker said, sticking with expectations for the full-year group operating margin to come in between 6 and 7 percent after 6.7 percent in 2016.
($1 = 0.9158 euros) (Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
The Taipei 101 building is seen amidst the Taipei city skyline February 9, 2009. REUTERS/Nicky Loh/File Photo
BEIJING China's Defence Ministry said on Thursday it was futile for Taiwan to think it could use arms to prevent unification, as the self-ruled democratic island looks to fresh arms sales by the United States amid what it sees as a growing Chinese threat.
China has never renounced the use of force to bring under its control what it deems a wayward province, and Taiwan's defence ministry says China has more than 1,000 missiles directed at the island.
The Trump administration is crafting a big new arms package for Taiwan that could include advanced rocket systems and anti-ship missiles to defend against China, U.S. officials said earlier this month, a deal sure to anger Beijing.
China is deeply suspicious of Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen, believing they want to push the island towards formal independence, a red line for China. They say they want to maintain peace with China.
"Separatist Taiwan independence forces and their activities are the greatest threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," Chinese Defence Ministry spokesperson Wu Qian told a monthly news briefing.
"It is futile to 'use weapons to refuse unification', and is doomed to have no way out," they added, without elaborating.
Defeated Nationalist forces fled to Taiwan after losing a civil war to the Communists in 1949.
Proudly democratic Taiwan has shown no interest in being ruled by autocratic China.
(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Enter for a chance to win STRONGER on Blu-ray. 98.5 KLUC wants to give you 2 copies of the film, one to keep and one to give!
Based on the inspiring true story of Jeff Bauman, a survivor of the Boston Marathon bombing, Oscar® nominee Jake Gyllenhaal and Emmy® winner Tatiana Maslany star in STRONGER.
“One of the Best Films of the Year ” says National Review and Certified Fresh on Rotten Tomatoes, Stronger stars Jake Gyllenhaal as Jeff Bauman, a working-class Bostonian who was at the 2013 marathon when the bomb blast occurred and they tragically lost both of their legs. After regaining consciousness Jeff was able to help law enforcement identify one of the bombers, but their own battle had just begun. Jeff's deeply personal journey tests a family's bond and defines a community's pride as they overcome adversity to become the living embodiment of “Boston Strong.”
Own STRONGER. Now on Digital HD, Blu-ray and DVD available December 19th.
Register to win HERE!
For more info on STRONGER click here!
April 6 Tadvest Ltd:
* Confirms share purchase agreement (SPA) with Namib Gate Holdings Proprietary Ltd to acquire 5,541,480 Redefine shares and 375,280 EPP shares has been executed by both parties
* Based on SPA, the co will now issue a total of 4,823,808 shares which will be held on Namibian Stock Exchange by Namib Gate Holdings Proprietary Ltd Source: bit.ly/2o67fd1 Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
“It's a terrible death to be talked to death. It's a terrible death to die.”
Having passed on the State of the Union (SOTU) speech on Tuesday, I'm gearing up for this week's other Great American Show (GAS), the Super Bowl (SB).
I didn't opt out of watching the SOTU to make a grand political statement (who would know, or even care?). I am just so tired of hearing that voice and seeing that face. Whatever else this presidency may be, it is exhausting.
So there was some irony when the President of the United States (POTUS) emailed me on Tuesday, “I'm ready to be your voice yet again.” No, I thought, please not that. It's like Chinese water torture.
But there is no evading this man.
“Friend,” they wrote.
“Tonight's speech is not about me.
“It's about you.”
Which is lie number #whatever. I don't even care any more. I am just so sick of the pettiness.
And it's contagious, this notion that if you constantly demean someone, the label will stick. If you exaggerate brazenly and often enough, people will stop pushing back. Everywhere I look these days, I see a language debased by hyperbole.
Yesterday I called my bank because I was having a problem accessing my account.
“Thank you for calling,” the voice on the other end said. “To ensure that we give you legendary service, this call may be monitored.”
Really, I thought? Legendary? That must be pretty good service.
“Currently,” the voice continued, “your wait time is more than 10 minutes. Please stay on the line.”
So I've decided to turn away from the abrasive world of politics to something more uplifting, something that brings Americans together. Like sports. And nothing brings Americans together like the Super Bowl (SB). Not just the game, but the halftime show, the military flyovers, the national anthem.
Whoops.
I grew up in New England and remember when the then-Boston Patriots came into being in 1960 as part of the American Football League. They didn't even have a stadium for 11 years and were mostly mediocre. My Harvard classmate, Bobby Leo, had a couple of good years with the team in the late sixties. So I should be rooting for the Patriots.
But I'm not.
Early in the season, in support of Colin Kaepernick's protest, Eagles strong safety Malcolm Jenkins raised their fist during the national anthem. Although their teammate Chris Long stood for the anthem with their right hand over their heart, they walked over and put their left arm around Jenkins in a show of solidarity. This is more than a gesture, and it goes well beyond sports. Both Jenkins and Long have started foundations – Jenkins' works with young people in underserved communities, Long's states, “We believe borders do not limit caring about our fellow neighbors.” Long donated their entire 2017 salary to charity.
Sure, it's only a game. But these things matter to me.
We raised our family outside Philadelphia, and my sons are diehard Eagles fans. I am wholeheartedly with them on this one.
Go, Eagles!
SUDBURY -
The Timmins Northern Allied Supply North Stars have earned the right to represent Northern Ontario at the International Silver Stick Finals in Sarnia, On Jan. 12-14, 2018.
Tyson Scott's goal lifted the North Stars to a 3-2 win over the Soo Greyhounds in the championship game in the 2017 Sudbury Regional Silver Stick Tournament's Atom ‘AA' Division.
The Greyhounds, who outshot the North Stars 6-4 in the first period, jumped out to a 1-0 lead in the contest.
Late in the second period, with Timmins on the power play, a clearing attempt by a Soo defenceman is intercepted by Nicolas Gilbert at the point.
They fire a shot on net which is stopped by the Greyhounds goalie, but Brant Romaniuk is there to knock in the rebound and tie the game at 1-1.
With the North Stars again on the power play in the third period, Ryan Koski hammered home a rebound to give Timmins a 2-1 lead with 6:25 to play in regulation.
The Greyhounds then tied things up at 2-2 with 1:31 remaining on the clock, forcing overtime.
The two sides were playing a three-minute four-on-four extra period when Scott netted the game-winning goal.
The North Stars blanked the Copper Cliff Redmen 4-0 in one semi-final contest, while the Greyhounds edged the York Toros 2-1 in the other.
Ian Lachance scored a pair of goals to key the attack for the North Stars, while Mathieu Charette and Brant Romaniuk also found the back of the net for Timmins.
Billy Field turning aside 12 shots to earn the their second shutout of the tournament.
During the round-robin portion of the tournament, the North Stars went 1-0-2.
They opened with a 3-0 win over the Toros.
Mavrick Boucher scored a pair of goals to pace the attack for the North Stars, while Ian Lachance also found the back of the net.
Alex Hall made 13 saves to earn the shutout.
Game 2 saw the North Stars and the Mississauga Terriers battle to a 0-0 tie.
Billy Field picked up the shutout for the North Stars.
The North Stars then wrapped up round-robin action by earning a 2-2 draw with the Nickel City Jr. Sons.
Ashton Morin and Mavrick Boucher found the back of the net for the North Stars in that contest, while Alex Hall was in net for Timmins.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
ISTANBUL Turkey has blocked online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, the telecommunications watchdog said on Saturday, citing a law allowing it to ban access to websites deemed obscene or a threat to national security.
The move is likely to further worry rights groups and Turkey's Western allies, who say Ankara has sharply curtailed freedom of speech and other basic rights in the crackdown that followed last year's failed coup.
"After technical analysis and legal consideration ... an administrative measure has been taken for this website (Wikipedia.Org)," the BTK telecommunications watchdog said in a statement on its website.
It cited a law that allows it to block access to individual web pages or entire websites for the protection of public order, national security or the well-being of the public.
Turkey's communications ministry said Wikipedia was attempting to run a "smear campaign" against Turkey, saying some articles purported that Ankara was coordinating with militant groups, state-run Anadolu news agency reported.
"Instead of coordinating against terrorism, it has become part of an information source which is running a smear campaign against Turkey in the international arena," Anadolu quoted the ministry as saying in a statement.
The ban would be lifted if Wikipedia met the government's demands, Anadolu said.
Under the law, the watchdog is required to submit its ban to a court within 24 hours. The court then has two days to decide whether the ban should be upheld.
'CENSOR CONTENT'
A block on all language editions of the Wikipedia website was detected at 8:00 a.m. (0500 GMT) on Saturday, monitoring group Turkey Blocks said on its website.
"The loss of availability is consistent with internet filters used to censor content in the country," it said.
When attempting to access the webpage using Turkish internet providers, users received a notice the site could not be reached and a "connection timed out" error.
Monitoring groups have accused Turkey of blocking access to social media sites such as Twitter or Facebook, particularly in the aftermath of militant attacks.
The government has in the past denied blocking access to some sites, blaming outages on spikes in usage after major events. But technical experts at watchdog groups say the blackouts on social media are intentional, aimed in part at stopping the spread of militant images and propaganda.
Since last year's failed coup, authorities have sacked or suspended more than 120,000 people from the civil service, police and judiciary and arrested more than 40,000 on suspicion of ties to terrorist groups.
President Tayyip Erdoğan says the measures are needed given the scope of the security threat Turkey faces.
Turkey last year jailed 81 journalists, making it the world's top jailor of journalists, according to the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists.
(Editing by Janet Lawrence and Ros Russell)
JOHANNESBURG, March 30 South African President Jacob Zuma has appointed Malusi Gigaba as the country's new finance minister, replacing Pravin Gordhan who was sacked in a cabinet reshuffle late on Thursday evening, eNCA television said.
The news could not be independently confirmed by Reuters. Gigaba has been the country's Home Affairs Minister. The television channel also said that Sfiso Buthelezi was appointed to replace Deputy Finance Minister Mcebisi Jonas. (Reporting by James Macharia, editing by G Crosse)
MUMBAI (Reuters Breakingviews) - Infosys' cash return is a useful distraction from bigger questions. Boss Vishal Sikka is following their rivals at Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and HCL Technologies in returning up to $2 billion of its unused war chest. The payout will help lift some of the gloom around the Indian IT firm, which has been beset by worries about slowing growth and top-level disagreements.
The return is due this financial year via dividends or buybacks. It equates to roughly one-third of Infosys' cash pile and reflects a shortage of big takeover targets. That should help keep investors onside. They have already done reasonably well since Sikka took charge in August 2014. Total shareholder returns stand at 22 percent, compared to a more or less flat performance at its largest rivals TCS and Wipro. But that is slightly below the wider Nifty index.
Graphic: Not all bad news at Infosys: reut.rs/2p8T2gC
There would have been little to cheer otherwise in Thursday's results. Infosys gave conservative guidance for between 6.5 and 8.5 percent revenue growth, holding currencies constant, for the year to March 2018, after delivering 8.3 percent in the year just finished. That's disappointing given that India's IT firms have traditionally been leveraged to U.S. corporate profits, which are rising.
At best, Infosys expects operating margins to match roughly the 24.7 percent achieved last year. That will be a challenge given a volatile rupee and uncertainty over work visas in the United States – where research house Morningstar estimates 12 percent of the Indian firm's workforce is located. If that wasn't enough, Infosys is also attempting a big shift in its business model, racing against industry commoditisation to become more innovative.
An unusual move to promote independent director Ravi Venkatesan as co-chairperson may help Infosys focus. The company's founders have publicly criticised Sikka's pay, and severance packages paid to other executives. The concerns seem overblown but Venkatesan, former chairperson of Microsoft India, is accustomed to guiding through difficult times. They have done a good job chairing Bank of Baroda – a rare example of a private-sector professional leading a large, state-controlled lender.
Against a challenging backdrop, Infosys' decision to throw cash and talent at investors seems sensible.
POLLS OPEN NOON-9
COOPERSTOWN – Three candidates will be seeking two village trustee positions when polls open noon-9 p.m. tomorrow (Tuesday, March 20) at the fire house on Chestnut Street.
The two Democratic incumbents, Cindy Falk and Jim Dean, are running for another term, challenged by Republican Fred Schneider.
The mayoral candidate, current Deputy Mayor & Trustee Ellen Tillapaugh Kuch, a Democrat, is running unopposed to succeeded veteran Mayor Jeff Katz.
SHARE: News of Cooperstown, Oneonta, and Otsego County, NY. 0 Google+ 0 Linkedin 0
April 10 VALMET CORP
* VALMET RECEIVED A REPEAT ORDER FOR ADVANTAGE THRU-AIR TISSUE LINE FROM FIRST QUALITY TISSUE, USA
* ORDER WAS INCLUDED IN VALMET'S Q4 OF 2016 ORDERS RECEIVED.
* VALUE OF ORDER WILL NOT BE DISCLOSED.
* NEW PRODUCTION LINE IS PLANNED TO BE STARTED-UP IN Q2 OF 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
* Euro hits 9-day low after drop in Saxony annual inflation
* Euro zone short-term rates pulled low by ECB sources report
* Four of bank's policymakers due to speak on Thursday
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Patrick Graham
LONDON, March 30 A swing in sentiment against the euro dominated major currency markets for a second day on Thursday, weak initial readings of German regional inflation prodding the single currency back to nine-day lows against the dollar.
Dollar bulls are still recovering from the collapse in faith in the Trumpflation trade caused by last week's defeat for the White House on healthcare and the greenback was again struggling to make progress past 111 yen.
But against the euro it gained around 0.2 percent in early deals in Europe, trading at $1.0737 after German state Saxony reported a slump in annual inflation to 1.8 percent from 2.4 percent a month ago.
That was below the European Central Bank's roughly 2 percent target and followed a blow to the euro from signs that ECB officials were unhappy at a shift in market expectations towards tighter monetary policy and higher euro zone interest rates.
"We really want to get through a bit more data before we draw conclusions but yesterday clearly put a dampener on front end rates and that has weakened sentiment towards the euro," said Citi G10 currencies strategist Josh O'Byrne.
"The mood around the dollar has softened a lot. On balance I think most people still buy into this stronger global demand story but it may be a bit late in the day to be chasing this theme."
The fall for the euro, down from a 4-1/2-month high of $1.0906 scaled on Monday, helped the broader dollar index into positive territory, up 0.1 percent at 100.15.
Sterling, knocked back by the dollar's recovery as Prime Minister Theresa May lodged Britain's formal request to leave the European Union on Wednesday, was also down 0.1 percent at $1.2414.
The rest of the German numbers will drip out as the European morning continues. Appearances by four ECB policymakers will also be watched closely for confirmation of a Reuters report on Wednesday based on unnamed sources.
The sources said that policymakers were taken aback by markets' move to price in an interest rate hike early next year and would be keen at their April meeting to reassure investors that easy-money policy was far from ending.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
The Stormont Parliament building, where the Northern Ireland Assembly sits, is seen in Belfast, Northern Ireland March 3, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
BELFAST Northern Ireland's main political parties will resume talks on Monday to break a deadlock that threatens devolved government, the cornerstone of peace in the province for almost two decades, the British government said.
A political crisis has gripped Northern Ireland since Irish nationalist party Sinn Fein pulled out of government in January, which sparked a March 2 election that ended the majority pro-British unionists had enjoyed for almost a century.
No one is predicting the political impasse might pitch Northern Ireland back into the violence between Catholic nationalists and Protestant unionists that killed 3,600 people in three decades before a 1998 peace deal.
But the impasse may increase sectarian tensions and freeze decision-making as Britain prepares to leave the European Union. The last time devolved government collapsed, it took five years to reinstate it.
This week, nationalists and unionists missed a deadline to form a coalition government after three weeks of talks that one party described as a "shambles". [nL5N1H53MQ]
But the British government has said it will not start to revert powers to London until April 18, giving the parties an additional two weeks to strike a deal.
After criticism from all sides about the format of the talks, the parties are to agree an agenda and hold structured, bilateral and roundtable meetings overseen by the British and Irish governments, the London said in a statement.
The talks will also explicitly address "the implementation of outstanding issues from previous agreements", it said.
Sinn Fein argues that previous deals to give legal status to the Irish language and to proceed with inquiries into deaths during the decades of sectarian violence have not been honoured.
Their main rivals, the Democratic Unionist Party, have accused Sinn Fein - which has long sought Northern Ireland's merger with the Irish Republic - of demanding too many concessions because they want the talks to fail.
(Reporting by Ian Graham; Writing by Conor Humphries; editing by Mark Heinrich)
* U.S. central bank downplays Q1 economic weakness
* Apple slips after surprise dip in iPhone sales
* Delphi soars after spinoff announcement
* Dow up 0.01 pct, S&P down 0.21 pct, Nasdaq down 0.5 pct (Updates with late afternoon trading)
By Lewis Krauskopf
May 3 Wall Street kept losses on Wednesday after the U.S. Federal Reserve held interest rates unchanged following its two-day policy meeting, and as investors digested another heavy round of earnings reports.
The U.S. central bank downplayed weak first-quarter economic growth and emphasized the strength of the labor market, in a sign it could tighten monetary policy as early as June. Investors are betting on a 65-percent chance of a hike in June, according to Thomson Reuters data.
The S&P financial sector, which is seen benefiting in a rising rate environment, was up 0.5 percent after the Fed's bullish statement, leading all groups. Eight of the 11 major sectors were lower, however.
The Fed is in its first tightening cycle in more than a decade after it spent years keeping rates near zero to help the economy following the 2007-2009 recession.
"The Fed is communicating its mantra of gradual rate hikes," said Ryan Sweet, senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. "The next time they will likely raise rates would be June."
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 1.54 points, or 0.01 percent, to 20,951.43, the S&P 500 lost 5.14 points, or 0.21 percent, to 2,386.03 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 30.57 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,064.79.
The benchmark S&P 500 has returned to near its all-time high during an earnings season that generally come in above expectations.
First-quarter profits at S&P 500 companies are estimated to increase 14.2 percent, its strongest growth since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Apple shares fell 0.4 percent, weighing on indexes, but recovering from steeper losses after the company's quarterly report, in which it reported a surprise fall in iPhone sales.
In other corporate news, Sprint shares slid 13.5 percent after the U.S. wireless carrier did not give specifics on deals it would pursue, even as its quarterly loss narrowed.
Delphi Automotive shares jumped 9.3 percent after the company said it plans to spin off operations tied to internal combustion engines and focus on technology for electrically powered and self-driving vehicles. The stock was the biggest percentage gainer in the S&P 500.
The New York Times Co rose 12.2 percent after the newspaper publisher reported its biggest quarterly revenue growth in six year.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.83-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.22-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 30 new 52-week highs and 7 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 78 new highs and 65 new lows. (Additional reporting by Richard Leong in New York and Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Nick Zieminski)
DUISBURG, Germany May 3 thousand Thyssenkrupp steelworkers protested on Wednesday against the German industrial group's plan to merge its European steel operations with those of India's Tata Steel.
The two companies have been talking since last year about a merger they say would support steel prices and raise efficiency by taking excess capacity out of the market. Trade unions fear large-scale job losses and question the logic of a deal.
"I find it intolerable the way that Thyssenkrupp is talking the steel business into the ground," said Detlef Wetzel, the representative of trade union IG Metall on Thyssenkrupp Steel Europe's supervisory board.
"With friends like our management, who needs enemies?" they asked at a demonstration at Thyssenkrupp's steel headquarters in the German city of Duisburg,
IG Metall, which said about 7,500 steelworkers attended the demonstration, fears 4,000 out of the 27,000 jobs at Thyssenkrupp Steel Europe will be lost if the merger goes ahead.
Andreas Goss, head of Thyssenkrupp Steel Europe, denied any such plans. They reiterated that the business planned to cut costs by 500 million euros ($545 million) over the next three years, which they said would help save jobs.
"There are no plans for job cuts of this order," they told the Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung. "At the moment, we have no plans to close any sites. But of course we have to negotiate if certain areas show no signs of making a profit long term."
Thyssenkrupp, which also builds elevators, submarines and car parts, agreed in February to sell its loss-making Brazilian steel mill CSA to rival Ternium for $1.3 billion and took a 900 million euro writedown.
Thyssenkrupp's European steel operations are profitable and considered among the continent's most efficient but the company, which is 15 percent owned by activist investor Cevian Capital, wants to focus on its capital goods businesses.
Talks with Tata have stumbled on the question of who will assume liability for Tata Steel UK's huge pension fund. Thyssenkrupp has said there are other, unspecified partners with which it could merge its steel business. ($1 = 0.9169 euros) (Reporting by Tom Kaeckenhoff; writing by Georgina Prodhan; editing by David Clarke)
U.S.-based bond funds net most cash in nearly 2 years -ICI
By Trevor Hunnicutt NEW YORK, June 14 U.S. fund investors downgraded their expectations for the domestic economy and snapped up bonds during the latest week, dropping the most cash into debt funds in more than 23 months, Investment Company Institute data showed on Wednesday. Bond mutual funds and exchange-traded funds in the United States pulled in $13.6 billion during their 24th consecutive week of inflows and posted their best result since June 2015, the trade group sai
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
FILE PHOTO: The company logo for Unilever is displayed on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., February 17, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
LAGOS Unilever Nigeria (UNILEVE.LG) said on Wednesday it will seek shareholder approval next month to raise 63 billion naira (160 million pounds) through a rights issue.
The household products maker also said it would seek approval to increase its authorised share capital to 5 billion naira by creating an additional 3.95 billion new ordinary shares of 0.50 naira each.
The local unit of Unilever (UNc.AS) (ULVR.L) plans to seek a vote at a shareholder meeting on May 11, it said in a notice, adding that it would also ask for approval to convert shareholder loans to stock as part of the share sale.
(Reporting by Oludare Mayowa; editing by Chijioke Ohuocha and Jason Neely)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 29 Norris Medicines Ltd:
* Says Navnit Jethabhai Patel, the chairperson of the company has expressed their desire to discontinue as the chairperson
* Says Navnit Jethabhai Patel would continue to remain a member of the board Source text: bit.ly/2niTZPy Further company coverage:
Last month saw the busiest July in Gatwick Airport's history.
Overall passenger numbers rose for a 53rd consecutive month in July as 4.7 million passengers travelled through the airport – up 2.4%.
Gatwick's growth has also been recognised by the Airports Council International Europe, who announced Gatwick as a top five airport in Europe for passenger growth, with passenger numbers +9.4% in the first half of 2017.
The record July was a result of Gatwick's rising long-haul traffic served by larger aircraft, with the number of passengers travelling to long-haul destinations increasing by 10.7% compared to July 2016.
Gatwick's cargo, +20.4% year-on-year, also continues to benefit from the airport's long-haul growth.
Destinations in California are among Gatwick's biggest growing routes and are proving to be the summer holiday destinations of choice for many Brits this year. Oakland and Los Angeles are up 210.6% and 47.5% on 2016 respectively.
Gatwick passengers will soon have even more transatlantic destinations to choose from too, with Norwegian's direct flights to Denver and Seattle taking off from September, and the airline's recently announced routes to Austin, Chicago and Buenos Aires launching early next year.
Gatwick Airport recorded a 6.1% year-on-year rise in passengers travelling to China in July marking the first anniversary of the airport's routes to Chinese destinations Tianjin and Chongqing. The growth comes as Gatwick continues to focus on developing the airport's connectivity with Asia, with flights to Taipei and Singapore also set to launch later this year.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
EMERGING MARKETS-LatAm currencies jump after weak U.S. data
São Paulo, June 14 Latin American currencies strengthened on Wednesday after weaker-than-expected U.S. economic data further cooled expectations of multiple interest rate hikes in the second half of the year. U.S. retail sales in May recorded their biggest drop in 16 months and consumer prices unexpectedly fell, according to data released hours before the U.S. Federal Reserve published its rate-setting decision. Traders widely expect the U.S. central bank to hike rates by
April 20 Vascular Biogenics Ltd-
* VBL Therapeutics announces positive dsmc review in phase 3 globe trial investigating vb-111 in RGBM
* Vascular Biogenics Ltd - currently expect globe trial interim analysis to occur in mid-2017
* Vascular Biogenics Ltd - top-line results from full dataset to be available in early 2018.
* Vascular Biogenics - committee reviewed globe safety data and unanimously recommended that study continue as planned
* Vascular Biogenics - committee reviewed globe safety data and unanimously recommended that study continue as planned Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon Borough Council has unveiled details of its flagship Business Awards for 2017 which will officially recognise, reward and profile its most industrious, hardworking and enterprising organisations.
Held in association with one of Northern Ireland's most successful companies and principal sponsor Almac, the highly-anticipated ABC Business Awards 2017 will support the best of local and regional business which are already firmly located in the engine room of Northern Ireland's economy.
The business awards are a major first for the ABC Borough Council and have been carefully designed to recognise and reward top performers and to reflect the diverse, enterprising and most successful from a strong base of established corporates, start-ups, innovators, strategic thinkers and entrepreneurs.
Full details of the 16 categories have been revealed and published online at www.abcbusinessawards.com where entry forms available. The closing date for the return of completed submissions is Monday 8th May 2017 at 5pm.
Speaking at a special launch event at The Palace, Armagh, Lord Mayor of Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon, Councillor Garath Keating, said: “In an area proud of its industrial and manufacturing heritage, its growing export might and its success in innovating, driving growth and succeeding in a wide variety of sectors, we want to properly celebrate talent, ideas and ambition, and, at the same time, provide our business sector with an unrivalled opportunity to network, engage and to inspire others with their knowledge and ideas.”
The ABC Business Awards Ceremony takes place at the at Craigavon Civic & Conference Centre on Thursday, June 22.
March 28 Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif told Reuters on Tuesday that Russia could use Iranian military bases to fight terrorists in Syria on a "case by case basis."
Zarif said that regional issues, including Syria, would be discussed at a meeting in the Kremlin later on Tuesday. An Iranian delegation, including President Hassan Rouhani, arrived in Moscow on Monday. (Reporting by Vladimir Soldatkin; Writing by Kevin O'Flynn; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
GLOBAL MARKETS--Stocks march on as Fed rate hike looms, dollar steady
LONDON, June 14 Stocks rose on Wednesday, but worries about stretched valuations and caution before a near-certain rate hike by the U.S. Federal Reserve kept their gains in check, while the dollar steadied against a basket of major currencies.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
April 10 eBay Inc:
* eBay and Flipkart sign exclusive agreement to jointly address the eCommerce market opportunity in India
* In exchange for an equity stake in Flipkart, eBay will make a $500 million cash investment in and sell its eBay.in business to Flipkart
* eBay does not expect this transaction to have a material impact on its guidance provided on January 25, 2017
* Flipkart will own and operate eBay.in business upon close of transaction
* Upon close of transaction, which is expected later this year, Flipkart will acquire eBay's buyers in India
* eBay and Flipkart have also entered into an exclusive agreement in which they will jointly pursue cross-border trade opportunities
* eBay will remove number of active buyers in India from its reporting during quarter in which transaction closes Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Cenbank keeps rates on hold, warns of rand volatility
* Bourse investors on sidelines as politics weigh (Adds the latest levels, analyst comments)
JOHANNESBURG, March 30 South Africa's rand firmed against the dollar on Thursday in volatile trade following a confirmation that President Jacob Zuma plans to fire Finance Minister Pravin Grodhan, while stocks were dragged lower by the fraught political environment.
At 1500 GMT, the rand traded at 12.8300 per dollar, 1.7 percent firmer from its New York close on Wednesday as the decision by the central bank keeping its benchmark repo rate unchanged at 7 percent on Thursday supported the currency.
The South African Reserve Bank warned that exchange rate had re-emerged as a risk to inflation due to the increase in political uncertainty over the past week, but added that it was at the end of a tightening cycle that began in early 2014.
"Today's statement struck a comforting note of calm in the midst of the latest political turbulence. The SARB is working hard to assure the markets that the macroeconomic situation is – despite the headlines – slowly improving," said analyst at Capital Economics John Ashbourne.
The rand was on the frontfoot for most of the day, and hit a session of high of 12.8200 after Reuters reported that Zuma is considering offering to step down next year at least 12 months before their term as South African president ends.
The currency had weakened more than 5 percent since Monday after Zuma ordered Gordhan to abandon an investor roadshow in Britain and return home "immediately".
In fixed income, the yield on the benchmark instrument due in 2026 fell 20.5 basis points to 8.505 percent.
On the bourse, the benchmark Top-40 index fell 0.41 percent to 45,220 points while the All-Share index dropped 0.35 percent to 52,261 points.
Investors were cautious as political uncertainty over the fate of Gordhan continued to dampen appetite.
"A lot of participants are sitting on the side lines waiting for political developments to be more clear before continue investing," said Cratos Capital equities trader Greg Davies.
The biggest faller on the bourse, Netcare plummeted 10.05 percent to 27.30 rand after it flagged headline earnings per share to be down between 9 and 13 percent. (Reporting by Olwethu Boso and Tanisha Heiberg; Editing by James Macharia)
* NewsRise reported RBI might conduct debt purchases
* Investors on edge as bonds slump; would welcome purchases (Updates to add source comments denying talks between RBI and govt)
By Suvashree Choudhury
NEW DELHI, Feb 2 (Reuters) - The Reserve Bank of India is not in talks with the government to conduct open market purchases of government bonds, a source familiar with the central bank's thinking said, denying a media report that the central bank might consider such steps to boost the debt market.
Financial news provider Newsrise cited a senior finance ministry official as saying that the RBI might buy bonds through open market operations and in secondary markets to support New Delhi's borrowing programme.
But a source familiar with the RBI's thinking said there were no current talks with the government about bond purchases.
The source also said no decision had been taken to increase the foreign investment limit in debt. NewsRise had separately reported the government and the RBI were in talks to raise the limit for foreign investment in sovereign debt, citing an interview with Economic Affairs Secretary Subhash Chandra Garg.
Bonds fell, sending yields higher, after the Reuters report, in a day of whipsaw trading.
The benchmark 10-year bond yield had earlier risen as much as 8 basis points to 7.60 percent, before falling to as low as 7.49 percent after the NewsRise reports. The yield was last trading at 7.55 percent.
A finance ministry official declined to comment.
The rupee also trimmed its gains to trade at 64.05/06 to the dollar after touching a high of 63.72 earlier in the day.
Bond investors are on edge ahead of the Reserve Bank of India's policy review on Feb. 6-7 amid worries about whether the central bank would become more hawkish on inflation after the 2018/19 budget presented on Thursday raised spending for agriculture and lifted minimum support prices for crops.
India's bond market has slumped in recent months, with bond yields having risen as much as 117 points since the end of June due to concerns about rising inflation, tightening liquidity and worries about the government's fiscal deficit.
Investors now fear sentiment could weaken even further after India on Thursday widened its fiscal deficit target for the year starting in April to 3.3 percent of gross domestic product from its previously mentioned projection of 3.0 percent.
The falls and a budget that disappointed are leading to hopes the RBI or the government could take steps to support markets, especially as state-run lenders, the biggest bond investors, have significantly pared debt purchases because of likely hefty mark-to-market losses in their portfolios.
Any move towards bond purchases would be especially welcome after recent comments from Deputy Governor Viral Acharya warning about the potential losses being suffered by state-run banks in government debt, which markets interpreted as signalling to state banks to pare bond holdings.
A foreign bank trader said that if the central banks buy debt, it would be “great news” for markets. ($1 = 63.75 rupees) (Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury; Editing by Nick Macfie)
BURNLEY, England, April 23 Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho said they were prioritising the Europa League despite their team being able to jump above Manchester City into the fourth Champions League qualification spot with a win in Thursday's derby.
United's 2-0 win at Burnley in the Premier League on Sunday brings them within a point of fourth-placed City ahead of the derby clash at the Etihad Stadium.
But with the games coming thick and fast and injuries taking a toll on their team, Mourinho said they would rotate their squad again with an eye on the May 4 Europa League, semi-final, first-leg at Spanish club Celta Vigo.
Asked about the chance to overtake City with a win in the derby, the Portuguese said: "But if we beat Celta we go to the final.
"Yes it is important for us to play in the Champions League but this club wants trophies. We cannot give the club the Premier League. We have a 25 percent chance to win the Europa League and we have to put everything on it.
"I will rotate the players again, I will rest some players again
"At least in terms of expectation for the game, the emotions, it is better a derby with one point difference than with four," they said.
One player who could be missing on Thursday is French midfielder Paul Pogba who was replaced at the end of Sunday's game.
"Dead they are for sure," said Mourinho, "If they are injured or if it is just super accumulation of fatigue in the muscles I don't know. But if they cannot play Thursday, they cannot play Thursday. Another one plays and we don't cry," they said.
Having lost top scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic to a serious knee injury in Thursday's Europa League win over Anderlecht, Mourinho was particularly pleased with the way Anthony Martial played in attack.
"(Martial) was very good, with the ball and without the ball in the middle of two strong central midfielders, without anyone in behind them because we had no number ten just behind him. They were quite distant from our midfielders, they were very good," they said.
The United manager also praised the performance of Eric Bailly at the centre of defence but repeated their call for injured defenders Phil Jones and Chris Smalling to speed up their recovery.
"(Bailly) was incredible. If I was Smalling or Jones, I would play Thursday. I wouldn't accept one guy to play nine matches in a row because I am injured. I would do a last push," they said.
Asked if that was a realistic expectation of the pair, Mourinho added: "If they have a crazy mentality like I have, they would (play); if they are safe thinking and they are surrounded by people with the same mentality as they have, it takes more time, it is more cautious.
"If it was me, nobody would stop me playing". (Reporting by Simon Evans; Editing by Ken Ferris)
March 29 Prospect Park Capital Corp
* Says advised by Serenity Pharmaceuticals co will not receive milestone payment which it held onto upon sale of interest in IOI
* Says prospect park's final return on its investment in IOI remains at 8%.
* Will not receive payment in light of Allergan exercising unilateral right to terminate license, transfer, development agreement with Serenity Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Got extra smartphones sitting around your office? How about tablets? As we move multiple generations into mobile technology, more and more of us are building up collections of old, dated devices from both our work and our personal lives. And more often than not, those devices do little more than take up space and gather dust.
Here's a little secret, though: Your abandoned Android gadgets are actually virtual gold mines. You just have to find the right way to tap into their potential and give them new life.
So grab the nearest DustBuster and get ready: Here are 20 ways to make your old phone or tablet useful again.
1. Use it as a wireless trackpad and controller for your computer
With the right software and a couple minutes of configuration, your old Android device can act as an on-demand controller for your Windows, Mac or Linux computer.
An app called Unified Remote and a Wi-Fi or Bluetooth connection are all you need to make the magic happen. The free version of the app gives you basic mouse and keyboard control along with specialized remotes for media playback and power-related commands, while the full $3.99 version adds in program-specific remotes for presentation control along with other advanced features.
JR Raphael / IDG Unified Remote provides basic mouse and keyboard control along with a variety of specialized remotes.
Grab whichever version you prefer and download the server-side software for your computer — then toss your old device into a desk drawer or computer bag and rest easy knowing it'll be ready and waiting the next time you need to go wireless.
2. Turn it into a remote computer terminal
Want easy access to your home computer from the office — or vice-versa? Your old Android phone or tablet can be a splendid stationary screen for keeping a remote system at arm's reach.
The simplest way to set it up is to use Google's free Chrome Remote Desktop program, which works with Windows, Mac, Linux and Chrome OS computers. Just install the Chrome Remote Desktop app onto the computer's browser and follow the steps to enable remote connections. The connections will be limited to devices that are signed in to your Google account, and you'll also be prompted to create a PIN for additional security.
Once that's done, install the companion app on your Android device, set the phone or tablet on your desk — and pat yourself on the back for creating a permanent virtual window into your distant computer.
3. Use it as a universal smart remote
Even the junkiest old Android device has ample power to serve as a smart remote for your home or office. That can be a helpful way for you and anyone else around to control your various smart devices and multimedia components without needing any special access (or your own current personal phone in hand).
First, the easy part: Load up your old phone or tablet with all the relevant apps for your smart-device setup — things like Nest, Hue and anything else appropriate for controlling your home or office tech.
Next, think about adding some tools that'll let the device handle any audio and video systems in your area. There are a few ways you can make that work:
Pair the phone or tablet with one of Google's ultra-affordable Chromecast streaming sticks. You can then keep the old Android device on your desk or coffee table and use it as a hub for wirelessly casting content — everything from Netflix and YouTube to TED Talks, CNBC, Lynda and Google Slides — to your TV.
Install an app to make your old Android device a dedicated remote for components like TVs, cable boxes and DVD players. If your device has a built-in IR blaster, look to see if it has its own programmable software in place or give the universal Smart IR Remote app a whirl. If it doesn't have an IR blaster, try searching the Google Play Store for specific apps to control your components. Such programs are available from brands like Panasonic, Sony, Comcast Xfinity, AT&T U-verse, DirecTV, Roku and Android TV.
Set up a full-fledged media server using Plex, then use your old device as a dedicated remote to stream your own local content to a TV. (The Plex media server software is free; a premium subscription with added features runs $5 per month, $40 per year or $120 for a lifetime license.)
4. Let it power scientific research
Here's something: Your clunky old Android device could actually help scientists detect earthquakes and research possible cures for Alzheimer's. It's all part of a program from UC Berkeley called BOINC, or Berkeley Open Infrastructure for Network Computing.
All you do is download the free BOINC app, choose which research projects you want to support and select how and when your device's computing power can be used. As long as your device is turned on, plugged in and connected to a Wi-Fi network, scientists from various institutes will be able to use its processing power to help conduct their data analyses.
JR Raphael / IDG Turn your tablet or phone into a scientific research machine with BOINC.
You can read more about how the whole thing works at Berkeley's BOINC FAQ page (try saying that five times fast!).
5. Transform it into a free-standing security camera
Who needs a fancy-schmancy connected camera when you've got an old Android phone sitting around? With the aid of a third-party app, the camera on your dated device can let you keep an eye on your home, office or top-secret crime lair from anywhere — and even perform advanced functions like video recording and motion detection.
Just download the free IP Webcam app or get the fully featured $3.99 pro version and follow its instructions. Within moments, you'll be able to peek through your device's lens from any compatible web browser and cackle with glorious glee.
6. Reframe it as a full-time video conferencing station
Set up your old Android device with the app for your video-chatting platform of choice — Skype, Hangouts Meet, Google Duo or whatever the case may be — then drop it into a dock on your desk or conference room table. Say "hocus pocus" for good measure, and ta-da: You've just created a permanent access point for virtual face-to-face communications.
Just think: With enough old phones and tablets, you can create an entire house- or office-wide video conferencing system. Sign each device into its own unique account, with the name of the room as its username, and seeing someone across the building will never be more than a couple quick taps away.
7. Turn it into a kitchen command center
Hard to believe, but my ancient 2011 Motorola Xoom tablet was one of the most used devices in my house until it finally kicked the bucket this year. That's because I converted it into a multipurpose command center for our kitchen — a role my 2012 Nexus 10 tablet has now taken over.
So how to make a kitchen command center of your own? Easy: First, use a third-party launcher like Action Launcher or Nova Launcher to simplify your old tablet's home screen and add in some easy-to-perform gestures — like double-tapping anywhere on the screen to launch Android's voice search function for on-the-fly info-gathering and other hands-free commands. (Newer devices may also support hands-free voice activation and the Google Assistant.)
Second, populate the home screen with the right apps for the purpose. Netflix and other video-streaming services will effectively turn your old tablet into a cooking-time television. Recipe apps can also be useful, as can cloud-connected note-taking services — like Google Keep, Evernote or OneNote — for quick viewing of personal recipes or editing of always-synced family-shared shopping lists.
8. Make it a data-based extension of your current phone service
If you use Google's Project Fi for your current phone's wireless service, take advantage of a little-known bonus feature: the ability to get an extra SIM card that's connected to your account and able to provide data on any other device — without any superfluous fees.
All you've gotta do is order the card from the Project Fi website, pop it into an old phone (or a tablet, if you happen to have one with a SIM slot) — and bam: That device is instantly online and connected. You'll pay only for whatever mobile data the device uses in any given month, at the same flat rate associated with your regular Fi plan, so it's essentially just an extension of your primary phone.
That opens up plenty of interesting possibilities: You could use your old device as a ready-to-go backup phone in case your regular one is ever missing, broken or low on battery; you could use it as a dedicated hotspot to beam out mobile data access without draining your primary phone's battery; or you could use it as an always-connected on-the-go slate for your kids (hello, airport video-streaming) without having to pay for an extra line of service.
You can even use it to make and receive phone calls — utilizing either your regular phone number or an alternate number — if you get a little creative with your thinking.
[Story continues on next page]
April 12 Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena Chief Executive Marco Morelli tells shareholder meeting:
* The bank is discussing a restructuring plan with the EU Commission and the European Central Bank that is "radically different" to the previous one
* Liquidity ratios meet requirements after 11 billion euros in government guaranteed bonds
* ECB is monitoring liquidity levels at the bank daily Further company coverage: (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Hwa Hong Corporation Ltd:
* Q4 REVENUE S$5.4 MILLION VERSUS S$2.9 MILLION ‍​
* Q4 NET PROFIT S$1.5 MILLION VERSUS LOSS OF S$1.1 MILLION A YEAR AGO
* FINAL ORDINARY DIVIDEND 1 CENT (ONE-TIER) PER SHARE; SPECIAL DIVIDEND 0.1 CENT (ONE-TIER) PER SHARE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
(Adds Previ plans for its stock portfolio)
By Aluisio Alves
RIO DE JANEIRO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazilian pension fund Caixa de Previdencia dos Funcionarios do Banco do Brasil, known as Previ, is planning to add healthcare, education and payment processing companies' stocks to its portfolio, Chief Executive Officer Geitiro Genso said on Friday.
The fund, Brazil's largest, is trying to diversify its stocks portfolio and may participate in initial public offerings of Brazilian companies, said Genso in an interview on the sidelines of a pension fund conference.
Around half of the fund's assets are stocks, mostly large stakes in a few companies, such as Vale SA, Banco do Brasil SA and food processor BRF SA.
The fund is looking to add smaller stakes in public companies and gradually reduce its largest stakes, Genso said. Last December, Previ acquired shares of state-owned oil company Petroleo Brasileiro SA's fuel distributor, Petrobras Distribuidora SA, when it floated on the local exchange.
Shareholders in power holding company Neoenergia SA , which include Previ, were sticking to plans to list it after it canceled its IPO in December because the shareholders considered its pricing too low, said Genso.
“We will try to list Neoenergia in a better moment,” they said. (Writing by Tatiana Bautzer, editing by G Crosse and Rosalba O‘Brien)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi speaks to the Myanmar community living in Singapore, on the island of Sentosa in Singapore September 22, 2013. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
Ata Ullah, who has been identified by analysts and local people as the leader of Rohingya Muslim insurgency Arakan Rohingya Salvation, is seen on a laptop screen during a Skype interview with Reuters in Yangon Myanmar, in this still image taken from video taken March 31, 2017. via REUTERS TV
Ata Ullah, who has been identified by analysts and local people as the leader of Rohingya Muslim insurgency Arakan Rohingya Salvation, is seen on a laptop screen during a Skype interview with Reuters in Yangon Myanmar, in this still image taken from video taken March 31, 2017. via REUTERS TV
YANGON The leader of a Rohingya Muslim insurgency against Myanmar's security forces said on Friday their group would keep fighting "even if a million die" unless the country's leader, Aung San Suu Kyi, took action to protect the religious minority.
Attacks on Myanmar border guard posts in October last year by a previously unknown insurgent group ignited the biggest crisis of Suu Kyi's year in power, with more than 75,000 Rohingya fleeing to Bangladesh in the ensuing army crackdown.
In their first independently conducted media interview, Ata Ullah, who has been identified by analysts and local people as the group's leader, denied links to foreign Islamists and said it was focussed on the rights of the Rohingya, who say they face persecution at the hands of Myanmar's Buddhist majority.
"If we don't get our rights, if 1 million, 1.5 million, all Rohingya need to die, we will die," they said, speaking via a video call from an undisclosed location. "We will take our rights. We will fight with the cruel military government."
A United Nations report issued last month said Myanmar's security forces have committed mass killings and gang rapes against Rohingya during their campaign against the insurgents, which may amount to crimes against humanity.
The military has denied the accusations, saying it was engaged in a legitimate counterinsurgency operation.
"No one will be above the law," said Suu Kyi's spokesperson Zaw Htay, responding to questions from Reuters on Friday about the insurgent leader's comments. "If they attack us violently, we will respond the same way. Nowhere in the world would violent action be tolerated."
ETHNIC CLASHES
More than a million Rohingya live in northwestern Myanmar's Rakhine State, where they are denied citizenship, freedom of movement and access to services such as healthcare. Serious ethnic clashes between Rohingya and ethnic Rakhine Buddhists erupted in 2012 in which more than 100 people were killed and some 140,000 were displaced.
"In 2012, lots of things happened and they killed us, so we understood at that time, they would not give us our rights," said Ata Ullah.
A report by the International Crisis Group in December said the insurgent group, which at first called itself Harakah al-Yaqin, Arabic for "Faith Movement", was formed by Rohingya living in Saudi Arabia after the 2012 violence.
It identified Ata Ullah, who appeared in a series of videos claiming responsibility for the Oct. 9 attacks on security forces, as the group's leader.
Ata Ullah said decades of resentment at their treatment had prompted hundreds of young Rohingya men to join them after they returned to Rakhine following several years in Bangladesh and Saudi Arabia.
"We can't turn on the lights at night. We can't move from one place to another during the day too. Everywhere checkpoints. That is not the way human beings live," they said.
Rohingya refugees Reuters has spoken to in camps in Bangladesh have said that many initially sympathised with the insurgents, but that the violence their campaign has unleashed had cost them support. Some have described how suspected government informers were killed by fighters.
"WE SURVIVE BY SELLING COWS"
In the earlier videos, Ata Ullah had cited Koranic verse and called for "jihad".
Suu Kyi's spokesperson, Zaw Htay, said they "urged the international community to see the group's background...they are linked with terrorist organizations from the Middle East".
But Ata Ullah denied the group, which issued a statement earlier this week saying it was changing its name to the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army, had any connections with other militants or received outside support.
"We have no groups who help us from behind, whether from here or also abroad...We survive here by selling cows and buffalos," they said.
Myanmar's military said last month that what it called a clearance operation in northwestern Rakhine had ended, although the area remains closed to outside observers.
Ata Ullah did not respond to several questions regarding the group's future strategy, its current location or how many fighters were left with him. Flanking them as a spoke to Reuters was another man brandishing a machine gun.
The Rohingya crisis has posed the biggest challenge to Nobel peace laureate Suu Kyi's government, which on Thursday marked its first year in power. Them defenders say there is little they can do, given the constitution gives them no control over the military.
"The people are in such trouble, the military is so cruel to many in the Rohingya community, so they should speak out, do something for these people as a Nobel prize winner," said Ata Ullah. "If they try to do something for us, the military would do something to their government. That's why they will not protect us."
(Reporting by Antoni Slodkowski; Editing by Alex Richardson)
A drink-driver who crashed into two parked cars in Wighill, near Wetherby, was found to be more than three times over the legal limit.
Acting Inspector, Paul Cording and Traffic Constable, David Minto of Harrogate roads policing group were called to the scene on Saturday night, December 9.
A number of breath samples were taken from the driver, reading between 111 and 114 micrograms of alcohol per 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35 micrograms.
Paul Cording took to Twitter to report the incident but noted that fortunately nobody had been injured as a result.
TC Minto tweeted: "The driver from the #Wighill RTC has provided an evidential breath specimen in excess of three times the limit. A handover has been prepared and they will be interviewed much later today when sober #OverTheLimitUnderArrest #Fatal4 #DontDrinkAndDrive"
May 4 - The following are the top stories on the business pages of British newspapers. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
The Times
* HNA Group, which began life as a single airline, has become the largest shareholder in Deutsche Bank after doubling its stake in the troubled German lender to just under 10 percent. bit.ly/2oZb1XM
* Live Premiership Rugby matches will be shown on terrestrial television for the first time after Viacom signed a seven-figure deal. bit.ly/2oZ6sg8
The Guardian
* Lidl is on track to overtake Waitrose to become the UK's seventh-biggest grocer as early as this summer as discounters benefit from new store openings and shoppers search out bargains amid a return to food price inflation. bit.ly/2oZ5kJm
* Up to 1,000 bankers working for JPMorgan in the City of London are to be relocated to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg as the U.S. bank becomes the latest to set out Brexit plans. bit.ly/2oZaIvV
The Telegraph
* Marks and Spencer has poached the boss of bicycle and car parts retailer Halfords, Jill McDonald, to revive its ailing clothing, home and beauty business. bit.ly/2paoBUc
* Britain and Brussels will both be better off if they stop wrangling over an enormous Brexit divorce bill and instead focus on the real prize - a deal to preserve the 600 billion pounds ($771.90 billion) of trade which flows back and forth across the Channel each year, according to the Confederation of British Industry. bit.ly/2pae4br
Sky News
* Britain's biggest tobacco distributor, Palmer & Harvey, is to be put up for sale just weeks after sealing a financial rescue package led by two of the world's largest cigarette makers, according to Sky News. bit.ly/2p9M5ZO
* Instant messaging service WhatsApp has suffered a major outage across Western Europe, Asia and America. The Facebook -owned instant messaging app began experiencing problems on Wednesday evening. bit.ly/2pa89Dh
The Independent
* Starbucks is launching two new coffee-based drinks in the UK, as it strives to tap into consumers' growing appetite for healthy beverages. ind.pn/2papaxi
* Standard Chartered has chosen Frankfurt for its main base inside the EU as it prepares for the UK to lose easy access to the single market after Britain exits the trading bloc, the bank's chairperson said. ind.pn/2pa8ENF ($1 = 0.7773 pounds) (Compiled by Parikshit Mishra in Bengaluru)
Contact
Liquid Screed Direct Ltd
***@gmail.com Liquid Screed Direct Ltd
End
-- Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. is enormously proud to present the highest quality floor sanding service in Gloucester, as well as, other parts of the UK. The company's many years of experience and expertise have propelled them to become the go-to service providers for floor sanding.It is not commonplace to find a company offering tailored floor sanding services combined with the best industry practices and an intense passion for customer service. The company excels with every opportunity and provides assistance for small-scale residential renovations through to large-scale commercial construction."Flooris a very important step in the floor preparation process. It must be done before installing the final floor covering. If this step is skipped, the chances of having a loose surface can lead to the final floor finish being affected. We previously offered only guidance and advice on how to go about this task, but on realising that a lot of people are unable to achieve the desired results, we decided to offer a floor sanding service. Our professional services are aimed at helping our customers get the best out of their floor investment", said a spokesperson of the company.He also added, "The primary reason why we started offering floor sanding solutions is because this process requires the use of highly-specialist machines. Such machines are usually not available for the public to rent or purchase. Since we have the machines, equipment and tools required to get the job done, we decided to take care of the whole flooring requirement from start to finish for of our customers."Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. not only provides floor sanding services, but also takes care of all the pre- and post-arrangements. Even before commencing the sanding of the floor, their team of professionals take special care to clean the space of any sharp materials, such as nails etc. This is particularly important because sharp materials can damage their sanding machines.On further questioning about the type of machines that the company users for floor sanding, the spokesperson said, "For the initial stages and first wcj cut, we make use of large belt sanders and drum sanders, along with coarse grit papers. We not only sand the broad main floor, but also take care of the edges, stairs and corners. As for the second part, we make use of sand papers that have double grit.""We have a finishing machine or finishing sander so that your floor surface gets a finishing touch. Once we have completed sanding the floor, we spray the surface with sealants. The sealants that we choose strictly depend on the type of floor covering that our customers have chosen to use", added the spokesperson.Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. has a rigorous approach towards delivering unparalleled service. By offering floor sanding solutions for both residential and commercial spaces, they aim to make it easier for home renovators, as well as, property developers to install or replace floors.The CEO of the company said, "Our sanding services are largely dust-free and we make sure we use technologically-advanced machines for the task. Our team is constantly engaged in sourcing better equipment so that we are capable of not just meeting, but exceeding the expectations of our customers."From its inception, the company has always been renowned for their high-level of products and services. They not only provide floor sanding services, but also offers their expert guidance and advice on how to sand the floor for DIY enthusiasts. They supply all the necessary products required to successfully sand floors. Tile or wood flooring, this company has got the capability and proficiency required to match your flooring needs. Their products and services are priced competitively.: Liquid Screed Direct Ltd. offers country-wide premium quality liquid screed and underfloor heating solutions. They provide expert floor preparation, leveling and sanding assistance from small-scale renovators, as well as, large-scale property developers in the UK.Contact Liquid Screed Direct Ltd.Freephone: 0800 0599959Telephone: 07926235618E-mail: info@lsdirectltd.co.ukRegistered office:Liquid Screed Direct Ltd.86-90Paul StreetLondonEC2A 4NEUnited Kingdom
Staunchly conservative U.S. lawmaker Scalise among wounded in shooting
WASHINGTON, June 14 Steve Scalise, the Republican leader wounded in a gunman's attack on Wednesday on people practicing for a charity baseball game, is a staunch conservative and key figure in trying to push legislation through the U.S. House of Representatives.
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
April 5 Panera Bread Co
* Panera Bread - Merger agreement provides termination fee of $215 million will be payable by co to Rye Parent if deal terminated under certain specified circumstances Source text: [bit.ly/2oKgY76] Further company coverage:
FILE PHOTO: Actor Brad Pitt poses at the premiere of the film 'Allied' in Paris, France on November 20, 2016. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
Producer Brad Pitt poses at the premiere of the movie 'The Lost City of Z' in Los Angeles, California U.S., April 5, 2017. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni
FILE PHOTO: Actor Brad Pitt arrives at the premiere of the film 'Allied' in Madrid, Spain on November 22, 2016. REUTERS/Juan Medina/File Photo
NEW YORK Brad Pitt has opened up for the first time about their divorce from Angelina Jolie, admitting to heavy drinking and pot smoking and a lifetime of cutting themselves off emotionally from others.
The 53-year-old actor told GQ Style in an extensive interview released on Wednesday that they had quit drinking, was undergoing therapy, and that they and Jolie were committed to resolving matters amicably and privately.
"I just started therapy," the "Moneyball" star said in the interview for the summer issue of GQ Style. "I love it. I love it. I went through two therapists to get to the right one."
Jolie's sudden announcement in September 2016 that they were filing for divorce sent shockwaves through the celebrity world. The couple known as Brangelina, who married in 2014 and have six children, embarked on a bitter child custody dispute and Pitt was investigated for possible child abuse after losing their temper in front of some of the children.
The actor was cleared of the allegations and in January the pair agreed to use a private judge in their divorce case.
Pitt said the split with Jolie, 41, had been a "huge generator for change."
"I can't remember a day since I got out of college when I wasn't boozing or had a spliff, or something...
"I'm really, really happy to be done with all of that. I mean I stopped everything except boozing when I started my family. But even this last year, you know — things I wasn't dealing with. I was boozing too much," they said.
Pitt said they loved wine, adding "truthfully I could drink a Russian under the table with their own vodka. I was a professional. I was good."
They said they have quit drinking, replacing alcohol with cranberry juice and fizzy water.
Regarding the divorce, Pitt said they and Jolie had decided to abandon the path of "vitriolic hatred" and work together to sort out their issues.
Pitt said they were finding solace in working creatively with their hands. "I'm making everything. I'm working with clay, plaster, rebar, wood."
As for the movie business, "I don't really think of myself much as an actor anymore. It takes up so little of my year and my focus. Film feels like a cheap pass for me, as a way to get at those hard feelings. It doesn't work anymore, especially being a dad."
Pitt's latest movie "War Machine," a satirical look at the U.S. war in Afghanistan, is due for release on May 26.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Frances Kerry)
March 31 mwb fairtrade Wertpapierhandelsbank AG :
* Said on Thursday Management Board of mwb fairtrade Wertpapierhandelsbank AG to propose to the AGM scheduled for July 19, 2017 a dividend of between 0.30 euro and 0.35 euro per share (previous year: 0.05 euro)
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
(Fixes typo in first sentence to safe-haven from save-haven)
* Markets still react to Trump remarks on dollar, rates
* Wall Street equity indexes lower
* Oil futures mixed, treasury yields down
By Sinead Carew
NEW YORK, April 13 Wall Street indexes fell along with U.S. Treasury yields on Thursday on safe-haven demand spurred by geopolitical worries while the U.S. dollar rebounded from its previous day's slide as investors discounted remarks by President Donald Trump.
The biggest drag on the S&P 500 was financial stocks as investors moved to safe-haven assets. Although bank earnings beat estimates, weak loan growth was also in focus.
The yield on U.S. 10-year Treasury notes recorded its steepest single-week decline since early 2016 due to demand for longer-dated government bonds spurred by worries over potential U.S. military strikes against Syria and North Korea.
Kate Warne, principal investment strategist at Edward Jones in St. Louis, said the dip in bond yields put pressure on stocks ahead of a holiday weekend in the United States.
"What we've seen is investors from the rest of the world putting more money in U.S. Treasuries" due to geopolitical concerns, Warne said.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 60.61 points, or 0.29 percent, to 20,531.25, the S&P 500 lost 6.65 points, or 0.28 percent, to 2,338.28 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 7.32 points, or 0.13 percent, to 5,828.84.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six trade-weighted peers, was up 0.5 percent, after a 0.6 percent decline on Wednesday marked its biggest one-day fall in three weeks.
The U.S. dollar had tumbled Wednesday after Trump told the Wall Street Journal the greenback was "getting too strong" and would eventually hurt the U.S. economy.
"Clearly, I think (the dollar) was oversold yesterday," said Peter Ng, senior currency trader at Silicon Valley Bank in Santa Clara, California. "The market was very sensitive to headlines given how nervous it has become due to geopolitical risk."
The 10-year Treasury yield fell 14 basis points in a shortened trading week, which was the biggest weekly decline since the week of Jan. 8, 2016, Reuters data showed.
Earlier in the day Treasury yields had hit session highs, after a University of Michigan survey showed U.S. consumer sentiment unexpectedly improved in early April.
Before the data, Trump's comment that they favored low interest rates had intensified this week's bond market rally that was underpinned by geopolitical worries.
The MSCI all-world stock index was down 0.3 percent, well below its session high.
In commodities, oil prices were little changed on modest volume on Thursday, in a week in which crude benchmarks recouped more of March's losses on increased hopes world supply and demand were nearing balance. U.S. crude ended up 0.13 percent at $53.18 a barrel, while global benchmark Brent settled up 0.05 percent at $55.89.
Gold was up 0.03 percent at $1,286.11 an ounce after hitting a five-month high earlier in the session.
(Additional reporting by Dion Rabouin in New York, Jamie McGeever, Abhinav Ramnarayan in London; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Chizu Nomiyama)
The logo of of Rocket Internet, a German venture capital group is pictured in this September 24, 2014 illustration photo. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/File Photo
BERLIN Global Fashion Group, the emerging markets fashion retailer set up by German ecommerce investor Rocket Internet, reined in losses in the fourth quarter as it increased efficiency across its regions despite tough economic conditions.
Founded in Berlin in 2007, Rocket has built up dozens of businesses from fashion e-commerce to food delivery, but many investors have become concerned about heavy losses and falling valuations for its key start-ups.
Global Fashion Group (GFG), which runs websites in Russia, Latin America, the Middle East and south-east Asia, said net revenue in constant currency terms picked up in the quarter to grow 21.4 percent to 317.3 million euros ($338.78 million).
GFG said it was helped by the addition of 40 top brands to its sites as well as a shift to offering a marketplace service to other sellers, which helped sales growth despite the weak retail environment from Russia to Brazil and Saudi Arabia.
GFG said its adjusted loss before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortization shrank to 28.1 million euros, from 42.3 million euros the same quarter a year ago, to give an annual loss of 127.9 million euros.
Rocket's shares, which tumbled in February after major investor Kinnevik sold half its stake in the company, were down 0.5 percent at 0857 GMT, while Kinnevik slipped 0.2 percent.
GFG, which saw its valuation slashed by two thirds to 1 billion euros last April in a fund raising with Kinnevik, said it had 255 million euros of cash at the end of 2016.
It said it had appointed Cynthia Gordon, former chief executive of the Africa division of Kinnevik-backed emerging markets telecoms operator Millicom, as its new chair of the board of directors.
It said losses had been stemmed by a range of measures at its companies including warehouse automation, the establishment of a shared service center for its Zalora brand, and shared tech initiatives across its regions to leverage scale.
GFG is seen as a possible candidate for an eventual stock market flotation, along with Rocket's food delivery companies Delivery Hero and HelloFresh.
($1 = 0.9366 euros)
(Reporting by Emma Thomasson; editing by Susan Thomas)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Nikki Kirk- National Trainer
Contact
Kirk's Consulting Services, LLC
Nikki Kirk
***@getgrantready.com Kirk's Consulting Services, LLCNikki Kirk
End
--will be conducting an online webinar for start-up nonprofit organizations designed to help navigate the obstacles nonprofits encounter during the initial phases of incorporation life cycles. Attendees will learn how to develop a strong working Board of Directors, how to develop capacity and grow their organizations, how to develop meaningful programs and services, and how to develop strong collaborative partnerships.Registration is required, seating is limited. Cost is $30 per person. For more information on this and other online trainings visit:is the brainchild of Founder and CEO Nikki Kirk who started their company back in 2006 with service, quality and integrity as their principal tenants. With Kirk's thirteen years of experience in grant writing and grant fsbdt reviewing for federal agencies, they intended to focus on assisting non-profit organizations with grant writing and grant funding resource services. Kirk soon discovered, a large majority of non-profits who sought out grant writing assistance had not completed the preliminary work necessary to successfully position their organizations for grant funding eligibility.began to fill that need and continues to do so with easily accessible trainings, consulting, and contracting services.Kirk is the author ofYou may contact Kirk's Consulting Services, LLC by telephone at 864-396-0266, by email, [info@getgrantready.com], or by visiting the website, [ https://www.getgrantready.com ].
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
April 5 Indian shares clocked a record closing high on Wednesday helped by a rally in auto and realty stocks, while investors awaited a central bank policy meet due this week.
The broader NSE index ended 0.30 percent higher at 9,265.15. Earlier in the day the index hit 9273.9, its highest ever.
The benchmark BSE index closed up 0.21 percent at 29,974.24 after breaching the 30,000 mark earlier in the session for the first time since March 4, 2015.
For midday report see (Reporting by Arnab Paul in Bengaluru; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
The Trump Soho Hotel is seen in New York April 9, 2010. The first Trump Hotel built in Downtown New York, a 46-story, 391-room luxury hotel condominium, opened to guests on Friday. REUTERS/Jessica Rinaldi
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump is flirting with unparalleled violations of the Constitution by not divesting themselves from a hotel management company that benefits financially from public pension fund investments, according to two Democratic U.S. senators.
Reuters exclusively reported on April 26 that public pension funds in at least seven U.S. states periodically send millions of dollars to an investment fund that owns the Trump SoHo Hotel and Condominium in New York City and pays one of Trump's companies to run it, according to a Reuters review of public records.
The investments could put Trump at risk of violating an obscure constitutional clause that prohibits the president from receiving additional payments beyond their salary from state governments, say several constitutional lawyers. A separate constitutional clause bars the president from receiving payments from foreign governments.
Trump is “setting an extremely dangerous precedent,” said Ben Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, on Friday. Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut expressed similar concerns.
The White House and the Trump Organization did not respond to calls and emails asking for comment.
At a January news conference where Trump said they would turn over management of their companies to a trust controlled by their two elder sons, their lawyer, Sheri Dillon, announced that they would donate all profits from foreign government payments made to their hotel to the U.S. Treasury. Dillon said Trump was taking this step even though the Constitution did not require it.
Trump still earns revenue from the hotel management company and the other businesses in the Trump Organization. Reuters asked five Republican lawmakers to comment on the public investments in the owner of the Trump-operated hotel, but none responded.
Cardin introduced a resolution in March calling on Trump to convert their assets to "conflict-free holdings," turn over control of their businesses to trustees with no relationship to him, or take some other measure to avoid violating the Constitution.
That resolution focused on payments from foreign governments, but Cardin said the flow of public U.S. money to Trump from pension funds was also “disturbing” and “reduced confidence that President Trump is acting in the public interest.”
Blumenthal, who is leading efforts among Senate Democrats to hold Trump accountable for payments they receive from foreign and domestic governments, said the public pension fund investments are “near the top, if not at the top” of the potential domestic violations they know about.
Blumenthal added that Trump could “easily cure” the problem by divesting. Dillon said at the January conference that if Trump sold their brand they would still be entitled to royalties for its use, and so divesting would "exacerbate" potential conflicts of interest.
The Trump SoHo is owned by a Los Angeles investment group, the CIM Group, through one of its real estate funds. State- and city-run pension funds that have invested in the CIM fund pay it a few million dollars in quarterly fees to manage investments in its portfolio, which includes the Trump SoHo, according to state investment records.
In return for marketing and managing the hotel-condo, CIM pays Trump International Hotels Management LLC 5.75 percent of the SoHo's operating revenues annually.
One of the public pension fund managers that invested in the owner of the Trump SoHo, the Montana Board of Investments, said Trump should answer any constitutional concerns about the investments.
Since the public pension funds made the investments a decade ago, “Mr. Trump's circumstances obviously have changed: our position is that they or other parties, but not the Board, are rightfully those to address such concerns,” said David Ewer, the board's executive director, in an email to Reuters.
Randi Weingarten, president of the 1.6 million-member American Federation of Teachers, which regularly meets with pension trustees to advise them of investment strategies, said that Trump should “divest from their web of financial ties that undermine their sworn oath to serve the American people.” AFT endorsed Trump's opponent, Hillary Clinton, in the presidential election.
Some retirees were not pleased that their retirement plans were helping to enrich Trump, even marginally.
“I thought there had to be some arm's length thing that keeps our investments out of the president's businesses,” said Susan Kraics, 70, a former social worker for a California juvenile prison system who receives their pension from the California Public Employees' Retirement System, the nation's biggest pension fund.
(Editing by Jason Szep and Lisa Shumaker)
NEW YORK The U.S. stock market rallied sharply in the wake of President Donald Trump's election on Nov. 8, fueled by the hopes for their agenda of cutting taxes, spending on infrastructure and reducing regulations.
But since they took office, the road toward enacting these proposals has proved bumpy, and several of the early stock winners have faded.
Here is a look at four "Trump trades" and how they have fared since their election and since their inauguration.
OBAMACARE
Barometer: Index of five hospital stocks (HCA Holdings (HCA.N), Tenet Healthcare (THC.N), Universal Health Services (UHS.N), Community Health Systems (CYH.N), LifePoint Health (LPNT.O))
Election to inauguration: -7.1 percent
Inauguration to present: +4.1 percent
President Trump's election sent shivers through investors in hospital operators because of their vow to immediately repeal the Affordable Care Act, known as Obamacare, which benefited hospitals by expanding insurance coverage.
But passing healthcare legislation has proved to be not so straightforward even though Trump's fellow Republicans control both chambers of Congress - which has helped the stocks recover. Republicans in the House of Representatives had to pull their first attempt at a bill in late March in a surprising setback for Trump.
The effort seemed to gain fresh momentum on Wednesday as a reworked version won key support from the conservative House Freedom Caucus, with hospital stocks falling after the news, but congressional aides said Thursday that House leaders decided against holding a vote on the healthcare overhaul this week.
INFRASTRUCTURE
Barometer: Index of six infrastructure-related stocks (Caterpillar (CAT.N), Terex (TEX.N), Vulcan Materials (VMC.N), AECOM (ACM.N), Granite Construction (GVA.N), Nucor (NUE.N))
Election to inauguration: +13 percent
Inauguration to present: +2.4 percent
Trump's vow to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure helped lead to a windfall for many investors in industries such as construction, engineering, building materials and steel in the immediate aftermath of the election.
Trump has maintained strong support for an infrastructure package, including earlier this month saying their overhaul could top $1 trillion on roads, tunnels and bridges, while promising to cut red tape to speed approval of infrastructure projects. But performance of the stocks has leveled off as an infrastructure package has not yet materialized, while there are indications that putting such a massive program to work could be easier said than done.
BANKS
Barometer: S&P 500 banks index .SPXBK
Election to inauguration: +20.8 percent
Inauguration to present: +3.1 percent
Perhaps no sector benefited as much from President Trump's election as banking in the immediate aftermath of their win. Optimism over their ability to roll back regulations boosted the group. Expectations that their agenda would stimulate the economy, promoting inflation and higher interest rates, also energized investors in banking stocks.
But after the stocks' big run, concerns about slowing loan growth have emerged for banks. Trump has pledged to roll back regulations and reforms put in place after the 2008 financial crisis, but their struggle so far in Congress left doubts about whether they can push through such deregulation.
Even though former Goldman Sachs executives populate their administration, Trump themselves has been a bit of a wild card for banks, including recent comments that they would like to see interest rates stay low.
TAX CUTS
Barometer: Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks
Election to inauguration: +12.6 percent
Inauguration to present: +5.3 percent
Trump's plan to cut taxes broadly and reform the tax code gave investors reason to be optimistic about U.S. equities after their election, particularly investing in smaller companies that tend to be more domestically focused.
The promise of tax cuts is still driving the market, which has surged to near records in recent days as Trump was primed to propose slashing the corporate income tax rate to 15 percent. But Trump's struggle in their first legislative effort - repealing Obamacare - has sowed doubts about their ability to enact their plans.
Since Trump started in office, investors have also expressed concerns that their involvement in international issues in Syria, North Korea and elsewhere would distract from their domestic agenda.
(Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Nick Zieminski)
LONDON, March 29 Britain's finance minister Philip Hammond said on Wednesday they were confident the country would negotiate a customs arrangement with the European Union that would allow for borders to be as frictionless as possible after Brexit.
"Everybody in the EU and the UK is going to go into this negotiation looking to protect their own interests," Hammond said in an interview on BBC radio, answering a question about customs arrangements after Brexit.
"It is not in the interests of anybody on the continent of Europe to have lines of trucks. It is not in the interests of the millions of EU workers who spend their days producing goods to be sold in the UK.
"It is not in the interests of French farmers who produce fresh produce coming into the UK every day that there are lines of trucks. So I am very confident that we will not get an outcome that is the worst case outcome for everybody. That would be ridiculous."
Hammond was speaking hours before Prime Minister Theresa May officially starts the process of Britain leaving the European Union by triggering Article 50 of the bloc's Lisbon Treaty. (Reporting by Estelle Shirbon and David Milliken; editing by Kate Holton)
LONDON This weekend, aided by a host of technological and environmental advances, three carefully-selected elite African athletes will attempt to run the first sub-two hour marathon.
The 'Breaking2' project is the latest enterprise of American sportswear giant Nike and has split opinion in the world of athletics, not to mention physiology.
In one camp are the 'purists', who claim that the host of benefits being bestowed on the runners, including revolutionary shoes, a pack of interchangeable pacemakers and a non-traditional course, mean the attempt is a marketing gimmick.
In some ways this is possibly the worst time to start shouting about fast marathon times with Kenya's Rio Olympic and London marathon champion Jemima Sumgong's recent positive doping test landing a body blow to the event.
Nike, and others, however, insist projects like 'Breaking 2' show that a combination of talent, training and technology can produce astounding results without the need for chemical assistance.
Many people are intrigued to see just how much difference such a collection of 'marginal gains' can make and suggest that, at a time when athletics is reeling from relentless bad news, such a quantum leap in human endurance, arguably the greatest in the sport's history, is something to be welcomed and celebrated.
Below we look at the key aspects of the project.
The current record and its progression
Kenyan Dennis Kimetto set the current record of two hours, two minutes, 57 seconds in Berlin in 2014, which is about four minutes faster than it was in 1988.
Kimetto's time works out to 4:41.5 minutes per mile; a sub-two would require less than 4:35 per mile – an improvement of about seven seconds per mile, or around 2.5 percent.
On the face of it, that appears an impossible leap.
In 2014 the respected Runners World magazine published a data-driven analysis of more than 10,000 top marathon performances over 50 years that predicted a sub-two under normal race conditions would not happen until 2075.
The key to this attempt is that Nike are trying to ensure all the other variables make such an impact that, in theory, the athletes will produce effort levels that equate to a 2.03 time but, boosted by all the extra help, will actually produce sub-2.
Maybe the fastest-ever, but not a world record
The course will be ratified by the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) and the athletes will satisfy all the usual anti-doping requirements, but the attempt will not be an officially sanctioned world record due to a host of variables, detailed below.
Who is running?
After extensive physiological research, Nike put together a team of three.
Eliud Kipchoge. The 32-year-old Kenyan is the stand-out performer. Last year's Olympic marathon gold medallist and former 5,000 metres world champion has won seven of their eight marathons. Their best of 2:03:05 is the third-fastest in history.
Zersenay Tadese. The Eritrean is the half-marathon world record holder with 58:23 minutes and, although they have nothing much in their locker over the full distance, Nike's scientists identified them as having the potential to go much faster.
Lelisa Desisa. The 26-year-old Ethiopian has a marathon best of 2:04.45 and is another athlete whose numbers in the area of VO2 max, which measures the maximum rate of oxygen consumption, lactate profile, which provides an indicator of fatigue during exercise, and running economy were second to none.
The shoes
The 200 gramme Zoom Vaporfly Elite are central to the whole project. Nike says the combination of a new foam and curved carbon insert, which also helps change the angle of the foot, means runners require four percent less energy to go at the same speed in comparison with their previous best shoe.
The shoes have been further custom-fitted for the three athletes – which should help prevent a repeat of the blisters that scuppered Ethiopian Keninisa Bekele's London Marathon bid in similar Vaporfly 4% shoes.
A recent meeting of the IAAF technical committee ruled the shoes and their technology to be within their, admittedly vague, rules – though the Elite version will not be available for the public to buy.
The kit
Nike is also kitting their intrepid trio out in new socks, shorts and singlet, all of which are claimed to offer an advantage in terms of aerodynamics and/or ventilation and support. Again, many scoff at the idea but they also did that nearly 50 years ago when Briton Ron Hill broke the marathon record aided by a self-designed 'cooling' string vest.
The course
The sub-2 attempt will be run on about 17 laps of a 1.5 mile (2.4km)) loop that forms part of the Monza F1 track in northern Italy. After extensive research it was selected due to a combination of environmental factors, including average temperature, air pressure and wind levels. The surface, with no kerbs or cambers, was also considered optimal.
The course satisfies the rules on elevation that, for example, rule out records set on the overall downhill route of the Boston Marathon.
One area where the Monza track could give a tangible advantage is that the athletes will run exactly the marathon distance. Even on the fastest road courses, the fact that the 'blue line' has to follow curves and is marked a minimum distance from the kerb means that runners often actually cover many more metres than the 26 miles, 385 yards that has been the standard since the 1908 Olympics.
Pacemakers/drafting
This is another area where quantifiable benefits can be seen – and is the one that seems to have turned many people against the attempt.
The three runners will be sheltered throughout the attempt by a group of pacemakers, who will dip in and out at various times to ensure they maintain the demanded pace. Similar packs are used at big city marathons, with the only real difference being that they have to start the race together.
Such a controversy is not new. Roger Bannister's sub-four minute mile was achieved with the aid of two pacemakers, while IAAF head Seb Coe's golden run of world records in the early 1980s, and dozens more since, have all been set that way.
An indication of how having pacemakers for the entire distance can help is the women's world record. Radcliffe set them 2.15.25 while being shielded by male runners throughout in the London Marathon of 2003. Nobody has got remotely close to it since and, as a result, there are now two official women's world records. The Briton's 2.15.25 and another set in 'women-only' races. Radcliffe's mark under those rules being beaten by Mary Ketainy's 2.17.01 at London last month.
Mobile drinks
Nike organised a practice event at Monza in March, where the athletes ingested core-temperature pills and used taped-on muscle oxygen and skin-temperature sensors.
The runners followed a car with a large clock on the back showing elapsed time, splits, and projected finish time.
They were also served drinks 'on the move' via a moped, avoiding the need to slow and lose rhythm at traditional drinks stations - another innovation the IAAF have concerns about.
Is anyone else chasing sub-two?
The last four world record holders - Kimetto, Wilson Kipsang, Patrick Makau and Haile Gebrselassie - have been sponsored by Nike's great rival adidas and the German company is also running its own 'Sub2' project, complete with a new shoe of the same name. “Our Sub2 focus will continue to be led by innovation that helps to achieve new speeds in race environments, with more to come later this year,” adidas said.
In 2014, Yannis Pitsiladis, a professor of sports and exercise science at the University of Brighton in Britain, launched another Sub2Hr Project with an initial goal of breaking the barrier within five years, but their independent project appears to have stalled as they struggle to raise the $30 million they estimate will be needed over the five-year period.
(Editing by Ken Ferris)
A civil defence member breathes through an oxygen mask, after what rescue workers described as a suspected gas attack in the town of Khan Sheikhoun in rebel-held Idlib, Syria April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Ammar Abdullah TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY - RTX33ZAV
MOSCOW A deadly poison gas attack in Syria this week LED TV news bulletins across the West with images of the victims -- children and adults struggling to breathe -- front and centre. In Russia, it was item 10 of 17 and the victims were not shown.
Western governments have unanimously pointed the finger at Syrian government forces for the attack. Russian state TV's flagship Vremya evening news show had another take: "Terrorists and Western countries" were wrongly trying to blame Damascus.
Vremya, which inherited its name from the Soviet Union's main evening news show, cut to a spokesperson for the Russian defence ministry who said what had actually happened was that Syrian air force jets had bombed a "terrorist" bomb making factory that contained chemical weapons procured in Iraq, a version dismissed as impossible by Western countries.
Vremya's report was almost bereft of ordinary Syrians. It briefly showed an image of one woman whose hands appeared to have been damaged in a different chemical weapons attack that Russia alleged was carried out by rebels. They said nothing and betrayed no emotion.
Russia, a staunch ally of the Syrian government, has its own tragedy to focus on this week -- Monday's suspected Islamist bombing of the St Petersburg metro in which 14 were killed.
But the starkly different way Russian media reported the Syrian attack from media elsewhere underlines how far apart the Kremlin and the West remain on Syria, which could doom prospects for a U.S.-Russia detente under new President Donald Trump.
It also shows how rock solid official Russia's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad Russia remains. Moscow intervened on their side in September 2015, turning the tide of the conflict in their favour, and has repeatedly defended them and their government in the U.N. Security Council.
'SAY ANYTHING'
"Russian state TV will say literally anything as long as it exonerates Assad and blames the West," said Alexey Kovalev, founder of Noodle Remover, a Russian fact-checking and media analysis website that is often critical of the Kremlin.
"No matter what Assad does - he's never to blame for anything, even if it takes impossible rhetorical gymnastics."
Pro-Kremlin social media users had a different opinion.
"It's a damn lie! Assad did not use chemical weapons!" wrote one, calling themselves Delia Novorusia, and posting a picture of the Syrian president proclaiming them "the great hero of the century".
Western countries believe the Kremlin maintains "troll farms" of people paid to pose as users making such posts online.
Moscow shows no sign of turning on the Syrian leader, who, although not particularly well liked in some Moscow foreign policy circles, is seen in Moscow as an anchor of stability.
A year before a presidential election which Vladimir Putin is expected to contest for their fourth term, the Kremlin is keen to bank what it sees as its foreign policy success in Syria bolstering Assad.
Since Russian forces helped Assad capture the rebel-held section of Aleppo at the end of last year in the Syrian government's biggest victory of the war, Russian state TV has downgraded its once breathless coverage of the war.
State television, which once led its reports with slick footage of Russian planes bombing Islamist positions, now usually relegates Syria to the late section of its newscast, if it is mentioned at all.
"Whenever we see Syria on the news it's about how our soldiers are handing out humanitarian aid there, about how Aleppo is being rebuilt, or how a sick Syrian child has been flown to Russia for treatment," said Elena, a student strolling in sunny central Moscow, who declined to give them surname.
"In general, there's far less of Syria on TV these days."
(Editing by Peter Graff)
May 3 Capio
* Q1 net sales mln SEK 3,914 (3,603)
* Q1 operating result (EBITDA) mln SEK 342 (296) and margin 8.7 pct (8.2), EBITDA increased by 15.5 pct
* Q1 organic sales growth 3.3 pct (3.7) and total sales growth 8.6 pct (3.6)
* Reuters poll: Capio Q1 net sales were seen at 3.88 billion, EBITDA at SEK 334 million
* Says in France aim this year is to keep EBITA margin flat and in a longer perspective increase margins despite tough pricing environment
* Says acquisitions made have margins above group average and will contribute positively to margin development in 2017 and will gradually be enhanced further by synergies
* Says acquisition activity is expected to continue Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
NEW YORK (Reuters Breakingviews) - Apple is playing some soothing iPhone hold music. The tech colossus sold nearly 51 million smartphones despite maturing markets and a resurgent Samsung following its exploding-battery crisis. App-store sales also grew nicely, and more dividends and buybacks are on the way. That should pacify investors until Apple rolls out the 10th anniversary edition of its pioneering device.
Smartphone sales for all vendors globally have slowed, to only about 4 percent in the first quarter, according to research outfit IDC. In one way, that's a bad omen for $770 billion Apple. The iPhone generates more than 60 percent of its revenue and profit. At the same time, most customers have settled on either Android devices or Apple's.
Chief Executive Tim Cook is focused on milking these users in many ways. It's selling them more apps, storage, support and music. This recurring source of revenue is expanding quickly, at an 18 percent pace in the latest quarter, and now accounts for 13 percent of total sales. The larger, albeit intermittent, opportunity is persuading customers to add watches and wireless earpods to go along with their iPhones. There's also a steady need to replace cracked, waterlogged or ageing ones.
The biggest opportunity to extract cash from its devotees – and perhaps even to win over Android fans – is coming. Apple historically rolls out new iPhones in the autumn, and hints from the supply chain indicate it will be a big upgrade this time. That probably will help handset sales toward the end of the year, but also could mean lower revenue in the coming quarter as customers wait for the next iPhone iteration.
Apple shares have gained 27 percent since the start of the year, quadrupling the increase in the S&P 500 Index. Even after a dip in after-hours trading on Tuesday, the company still trades at about 16 times estimated 2017 earnings, a 15 percent discount to the broader market.
That seems excessive, given the power of the smartphone duopoly. What's more, Apple is throwing off enough cash to fund nearly $90 billion of additional capital returns by the end of March 2019 with plenty stored up to keep investing in new products. There should be more than enough there to keep investors humming along as they wait for what's next.
Detectives are appealing for information following the report of a serious assault on a male in the Wauchope Court area of south Belfast in the early hours of January 1.
A PSNI spokesperson said it is believed this assault may have happened sometime between 3.45am and 5.45am.
The man injured in the incident remains in hospital.
Detective Sergeant Michael Hawthorne would ask anyone who may have witnessed this assault or anyone who was at a house party in the Wauchope Court area where it is believed the injured man was prior to their assault to contact Detectives at Reactive and Organised Crime at Musgrave on the non-emergency number 101, quoting reference 1439 01/01/17.
Alternatively, if someone would prefer to provide information without giving their details they can contact the independent charity Crimestoppers and speak to them anonymously on 0800 555 111.
TAIPEI, April 5 Taiwan's financial regulator said on Wednesday that companies listed on the local stock exchange had reported forex losses of T$133.9 billion ($4.4 billion) in 2016, because of the Taiwan currency's strength against the U.S. dollar.
Some investors have been concerned the losses would continue to climb, given the Taiwan dollar has strengthened about 6 percent so far this year.
About T$122 billion of the currency losses was reported by insurers.
Taiwan's central bank, fearful of being labelled a currency manipulator by U.S. President Donald Trump, has pulled back on intervention to weaken the Taiwan dollar, making it Asia's second best-performing currency in 2017.
Officials of the Financial Supervisory Commission revealed the forex losses at a legislative session, without elaborating.
(Reporting by Faith Hung; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Jun 16, 2016; Oakmont, PA, USA; Sung Kang hits their tee shot on the 4th hole during the first round of the U.S. Open golf tournament at Oakmont Country Club. Mandatory Credit: John David Mercer-USA TODAY Sports
Rickie Fowler four-putted the final green to hand Kang Sung-hoon a three-stroke lead after the third round at the Houston Open in Texas on Saturday.
Fowler overcame a seven-stroke deficit to reel in South Korean Kang, only to stumble at the end with a bogey at the 17th and a double-bogey at the par-four 18th.
Those mistakes allowed Kang to use a 71 in a testing breeze at the Golf Club of Houston to finish the day on 17-under-par 199 with one round left as they target a last-minute berth at the U.S. Masters.
Fowler (67) was on 14-under, with fellow American Russell Henley (69) another shot back.
Kang needs to win on Sunday to qualify for next week's Masters, the first major of the year, and if they do they might like to thank Fowler's putter.
"I'll just stick to my game plan," Kang told PGATour.com, aware of the Sunday forecast for strong storms that could make for a long day.
"It was very hard work (today). Greens got firmer, faster. I tried to really grind it out today and I did pretty good."
Kang heard the cheering and clapping from the preceding group following the popular Fowler, who delighted their overflowing gallery by picking up eight birdies in the first 14 holes, including a monster 50-footer putt at the seventh hole.
Their first dropped shot did not come until the par-four 17th, where they missed a five-footer, a minor hiccup compared to the final green, where their first putt from 55 feet stopped more than four feet short of the hole.
Fowler had a look of disbelief when they missed the second putt, and their expression turned ashen after their next miss from inside four feet.
"Can't really dwell on the last two holes," Fowler said. "I was trying to avoid a spike mark on 17 and my second putt for par on 18 was supposed to go right and it moved left on me.
"It's unfortunate but we've put ourself in position to win so ... can't really dwell on the last two holes."
Kang had no such problems on the final green, sinking a testing four-footer to put themselves in prime position to earn their first PGA Tour victory at the age of 29.
(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry/Greg Stutchbury)
Aug 12 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Slovak championship matches on Saturday Saturday, August 12 AS Trencin 1 FK Zeleziarne Podbrezova 1 Ruzomberok 0 Spartak Trnava 2 MFK Zemplin Michalovce 0 1.FC Tatran Presov 1 Zilina 7 FK Senica 1 Friday, August 11 Nitra 1 ViOn Zlate Moravce 0 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 Spartak Trnava 4 4 0 0 7 2 12 ------------------------- 2 Nitra 4 3 1 0 6 0 10 3 Slovan Bratislava 3 2 1 0 8 3 7 ------------------------- 4 DAC Dunajska Streda 3 2 1 0 4 2 7 ------------------------- 5 ViOn Zlate Moravce 4 2 0 2 5 4 6 6 1.FC Tatran Presov 4 2 0 2 5 11 6 7 Ruzomberok 4 1 1 2 6 5 4 8 AS Trencin 4 1 1 2 5 6 4 9 FK Zeleziarne Podbrezova 4 1 1 2 3 4 4 10 Zilina 4 1 0 3 9 7 3 11 MFK Zemplin Michalovce 4 0 1 3 0 3 1 ------------------------- 12 FK Senica 4 0 1 3 3 14 1 1: Champions League preliminary round 2-3: Europa League preliminary round 4: Europa League depending on domestic cup 12: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Sunday, August 13 Slovan Bratislava v DAC Dunajska Streda (1630)
* Trump tells WSJ: "I do like a low-interest rate policy." * U.S. sells $12 billion 30-year bonds to soggy bids * Worries about overseas conflicts underpin bond demand * U.S. bond market to close at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) Thursday (Update market action, adds quote) By Richard Leong NEW YORK, April 12 U.S. Treasury yields fell on Wednesday with benchmark yields hitting a near five-month low, prompted by comments by U.S. President Donald Trump on favoring low interest rates made in a newspaper interview published in late U.S. trading. "I do like a low-interest rate policy," Trump told the Wall Street Journal. Trump also said they like and respects Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, whose term ends in 2018, although they were critical of them during their presidential campaign. "We rallied a bit on these remarks," said Gene Tannuzzo, senior portfolio manager at Columbia Threadneedle in Minneapolis. "This doesn't affect the Fed's plan on rate hikes. The Fed wants to remain independent." Fed officials have signaled the U.S. central bank may raise interest rates twice more by the end of 2017. Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields were 3 basis points lower at 2.268 percent after hitting 2.259 percent, which was the lowest since Nov. 17. The 30-year bond yield was down over 2 basis points at 2.907 percent after falling to 2.902 percent, a level last seen on Jan. 12. Trump's views on the Fed and interest rates, as well as the dollar, came as bonds had traded earlier in a tight range with safe-haven demand tied to international political worries offsetting investor sales to make room for this week's $56 billion in coupon-bearing Treasuries supply. Investor anxiety about possible U.S. military showdowns against Syria and North Korea remained at elevated levels as they piled into Treasuries. There was some relief as U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson's closely watched visit to Russia did not lead to a heightening of tensions. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said some progress had been made on Syria after holding talks with Tillerson. Also, some in the market cited Chinese President Xi Jinping's phone call with Trump, in which Xi stressed the need for a peaceful solution for the Korean peninsula. Adding to investor worries was a tightening race for the French presidential election on April 23. Opinion polls stirred concern that hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon and far-right leader Marine Le Pen, who are both anti-EU, could end up in a runoff next month. "The geopolitical tension has not escalated, but it's not going away either," said Mary Anne Hurley, vice president of fixed income at D.A. Davidson in Seattle. The U.S. bond market will shut early at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT) on Thursday ahead of the market holiday on Good Friday. Wednesday, April 12 at 1602 EDT (2002 GMT): Price US T BONDS JUN7 153-13/32 0-14/32 10YR TNotes JUN7 125-188/256 0-64/256 Price Current Net yield change (pct) (bps) Three-month bills 0.81 0.8229 0.000 Six-month bills 0.925 0.9423 -0.003 Two-year note 100-16/256 1.2176 -0.016 Three-year note 100-48/256 1.4358 -0.027 Five-year note 100-94/256 1.7973 -0.035 Seven-year note 100-72/256 2.0813 -0.029 10-year note 99-212/256 2.2694 -0.046 30-year bond 101-208/256 2.9086 -0.021 DOLLAR SWAP SPREADS Last (bps) Net Change (bps) U.S. 2-year dollar swap 32.00 -0.25 spread U.S. 3-year dollar swap 25.25 0.25 spread U.S. 5-year dollar swap 10.50 0.50 spread U.S. 10-year dollar swap -4.00 0.25 spread U.S. 30-year dollar swap -40.75 -0.25 spread (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish)
The Nestle logo is pictured on the company headquarters building in Vevey, Switzerland February 18, 2016. REUTERS/Pierre Albouy
ZURICH German food company Frosta (HNDG.F) said on Monday it was talking to KitKat maker Nestle (NESN.S) about buying its Italian frozen food business.
Frosta has entered exclusive negotiations to buy the business, which includes the brands La Valle Degli Orti, Mare Fresco and Surgela, the Bremerhaven-based company said.
"In the framework of the exclusivity Frosta is currently examining whether such an investment would be beneficial for the company," it said in a statement.
(Reporting by John Revill)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
JOHANNESBURG, March 31 South African President Jacob Zuma has appointed Malusi Gigaba as the country's new finance minister, replacing Pravin Gordhan who was sacked in a cabinet reshuffle, a statement from the president's office just after midnight on Thursday said.
Zuma also said that Sfiso Buthelezi was appointed Deputy Finance Minister replacing Mcebisi Jonas.
"I have directed the new ministers and deputy ministers to work tirelessly with their colleagues to bring about radical socioeconomic transformation and to ensure that the promise of a better life for the poor and the working class becomes a reality," Zuma said. (Reporting by James Macharia, editing by G Crosse)
HELSINKI A nerveless and haunting short programme by Evgenia Medvedeva kept the Russian teenager on track to become the first skater since American Michelle Kwan in 2001 to win back-to-back women's titles at the world championships on Wednesday.
While Medvedeva was the shining light in a high-quality women's contest, the pairs competition turned into a survival of the fittest as Eric Radford's hip-muscle injury effectively ended their hopes of claiming a hat-trick of world titles with Meagan Duhamel.
Radford and Duhamel were resigned to losing their crown after being left languishing in seventh place with a score of 72.67.
A sliced knee, however, could not prevent Evgenia Tarasova and their partner Vladimir Morozov from being within touching distance of overhauling short programme leaders Wenjing Sui and Cong Han when they compete in Thursday's free skate.
The Chinese duo takes a narrow 1.39-point lead over Germany's Aliona Savchenko and Bruno Massot.
Tarasova, who was unsure if they would be able to compete after Morozov's skate sliced into their knee during Wednesday's morning practice, was hailed "a hero" by their partner after finishing third with 79.37, less than half a point behind the Germans.
At 17, Medvedeva is one of the youngest competitors in the field but after arriving in Helsinki by stringing together nine successive wins, and with world record scores to boot, the Russian is already considered a goliath in the sport.
They preserved that reputation by soaring above their challengers with a score of 79.01, which was a fraction lower than the all-time best of 79.21 they earned at the Grand Prix Final in December.
Medvedeva's stirring performance to 'River Flows in You' allowed them to open up a 3.03 point lead over Canada's Kaetlyn Osmond in the final world championships before next year's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
In contrast, the gap between Osmond's third-placed teammate Gabrielle Daleman and seventh-placed American Ashley Wagner was 3.14.
The leading trio were among seven skaters to score more than 69 points, which led Wagner to declare: "It's an awesome ladies night tonight. There is a historic number of scores over 69.
"I'm in a fighting position for a medal and to be one of the 69-pointers is something great."
With Anna Pogorilaya, Karen Chen and Maria Sotskova filling the slots from fourth to sixth, the battle for the minor medals will be an intense one when the women return for Friday's free skate.
However, it will be reigning champion Medvedeva who will be out to prove that they are no one-hit wonder.
In recent years many of their countrywomen have shone brightly on the global stage for one season before fading just as quickly into the background.
That list includes 2014 Olympic gold medallist Adelina Sotnikova and 2015 world champion Elizaveta Tuktamysheva.
Medvedeva, however, has bucked that trend by "having fun" during their performances.
"I don't feel any pressure ....because I am completely in tune with my mind before going out to skate," said Medvedeva, whose winning run started at the December 2015 Grand Prix Final.
 They are also not one to follow the masses when it comes to their routines.
While their breathless rivals opted to get their difficult jumps out of the way within the opening minute of their short skates, a composed Medvedeva slowly built up the momentum before dazzling the judges with their effortless triple flip-triple toeloop combination that was followed by two further foot-perfect jumps.
Dismissing suggestions that their routine lacked balance, Medvedeva said: "In figure skating you need to show your soul... I do the jumps in the second half because you get more points. I have no plans to change that.
"I'm now feeling confident going into Friday."
(Editing by Ed Osmond and Toby Davis)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Google bets on European biotech drugs, backs new fund
LONDON, June 15 Google is betting on the potential of European biotech companies to deliver life-changing drugs by investing alongside Swiss company Novartis in a new $300 million fund run by leading life sciences investment firm Medicxi.
April 6 Medtronic Plc -
* Medtronic announces voluntary worldwide recall of its stratamr(tm) adjustable valves and shunts
* As of initiation of recall, 2,622 strataMR valves and shunts potentially affected by this recall had been distributed worldwide
* Medtronic initiated recall due to an increase in product complaint rate
* Affected strataMR valves and shunts were manufactured from October 27, 2015 to November 11, 2016
* Recall only applies to strataMR adjustable valves and shunts and does not apply to strata(tm) II or strata(tm) NSC products
* As of April 1, 2017, product complaint rate related to this issue was 2.75 percent of total units distributed
* U.S. Food and drug administration (FDA) and other regulatory bodies also have been notified of recall
* There has been one reported patient death, but cause of death has not been confirmed to be related to the issue Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRAGUE Czech President Milos Zeman's office has no immediate comment on Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka's decision to resign, Zeman's spokesperson said on Twitter on Tuesday.
Sobotka said they would resign along with the entire cabinet in a row over past financial dealings of Finance Minister Andrej Babis. They said they would seek a meeting with the president to discuss further steps.
(Reporting by Jan Lopatka)
THE strong growth registered by the Philippine economy has translated into an “intensifying build-up of imbalances”, which would further weaken the local currency by the end of 2017, a research group said.
In its “Philippines Insight” report released on Monday, Australia's ANZ said the Philippine economy has undergone a structural improvement in the last decade with potential growth of about 6.5 percent–more than double of what it was during the 1990s.
“However, the recent period of strong growth has resulted in the build-up of imbalances in the economy, which in our view are intensifying,” it said.
Against this backdrop, the research group said the Philippine peso would need to bear the burden of adjustment and would likely to be the region's worst performing currency in the remainder of 2017. MAYVELIN U. CARABALLO
FILE PHOTO: An Amazon.com Inc driver stands next to an Amazon delivery truck in Los Angeles, California, U.S., May 21, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo
LONDON Amazon.com Inc on Tuesday launched its business marketplace in Britain, selling products like office supplies, power tools, cleaning materials and lab equipment targeting an online sector worth $120.44 billion a year.
Amazon started its business marketplace in the United States in April 2015, achieving $1 billion of sales in its first year, before launching in Germany four months ago.
It said Amazon Business would serve enterprises ranging in size from sole traders to multinationals, as well as universities, hospitals and charities.
The business-to-business online market in Britain was worth 96.5 billion pounds in 2015, according to Office for National statistics data.
(Reporting by Paul Sandle. Editing by Jane Merriman)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON, March 30 Volkswagen AG said Thursday it has agreed to settle environmental claims from 10 U.S. states over its excess diesel emissions for $157.45 million as the world's largest automaker looks to move past the scandal.
The German automaker settlement covers states including New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania and Washington and also covers some consumer claims. In 2016, VW reached a $603 million agreement with 44 U.S. states, but that settlement didn't cover claims resolved Thursday.
In total, VW has now agreed to spend up to $25 billion in the United States to address claims from owners, environmental regulators, states and dealers and to make buyback offers. (Reporting by David Shepardson)
Actors Tyrese Gibson, Nathalie Emmanuell, Vin Diesel and Ludacris attend 'The Fate Of The Furious' New York premiere at Radio City Music Hall in New York, U.S. April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz
LOS ANGELES (Variety.com) - "The Fate of the Furious" is racing to defend its title at the top of the box office, while a number of new releases including "The Promise" and "Unforgettable" are being left in the dust.
Universal's eighth installment in the Fast and Furious franchise proved to be a global box office titan when it opened last weekend to a record-shattering $532.5 million. This time around looks to tell mostly the same story -- while domestic grosses slipped 61% from its first to second weekend, the movie is still easily topping the box office with $38.7 million from 4,329 locations.
But slipping domestic earnings (and lower U.S. grosses than "Furious 7," which pulled over $250 million in its first two weekends versus "Fate's" current sum of $163.6 million) are majorly overshadowed by the movie's international appeal. A bankable, diverse cast including Dwayne Johnson, Vin Diesel and Charlize Theron is leading the film, directed by F. Gary Gray, to a two-frame global total of $744.8 million and worldwide sum of $908.4 million.
While studios wait for summer season to commence, there are no surprise hits to come of this weekend's releases. Warner Bros.' "Unforgettable" seems to have slipped audiences' minds, earning $4.8 million in its first weekend from 2,417 theaters.
"It just didn't resonate with the intended audience," said Jeff Goldstein, the president of domestic distribution at Warner Bros. Goldstein stressed that the movie was made for a moderate price, and the marketing was "targeted and appropriate" for the audience.
The directorial debut of Denise Di Novi stars Katherine Heigl as a scorned ex-wife, and Rosario Dawson as a woman who is newly engaged to the same man. In their review for Variety, critic Peter Debruge lauded Heigl's "terrific" performance, and wrote that their casting "savvily exploits the actor's prickly reputation within the industry."
"Unforgettable" joins a string of so-so to disappointing releases from Warner Bros. so far this year, including "Chips" and "Fist Fight." At least the Heigl movie had a low production budget ( about $12 million) to minimize losses.
"The Promise," too, couldn't follow through, despite a social media push from stars including Leonardo DiCaprio, the Kardashian sisters and Cher. The movie, from Open Road Films on behalf of Survival Pictures, looks to round out the weekend with about $4.1 million from 2,251 locations -- barely cracking the top ten for the weekend.
While "The Promise" could be considered a massive disappointment for its $90 million price tag, the film's backers hoped it would raise awareness more than earn money. Oscar Isaac, Charlotte Le Bon and Christian Bale make up the central love triangle in the movie directed by Terry George ("Hotel Rwanda"). The film is set during the Armenian Genocide, and bankrolled by the late business person Kirk Kerkorian who wanted to bring visibility to the systematic extermination to 1.5 million Armenians at the order of the Ottoman empire in 1915 -- a politically fraught subject that Turkey continues to deny happened. All proceeds made from the movie will be donated to charity.
"We certainly hoped for a better box office result," said Open Road's president of marketing Jonathan Helfgot, adding that the film's mission was not purely box office-related. "It was about bring the world's attention to this issue," they said. "And looking at the amount of conversation ... it's undeniable that there's been more focus and attention in the past two weeks than the past hundred years since the atrocity took place."
Disney's latest animal documentary "Born in China," a co-production between Disneynature and Shanghai Media Group, is making $5.1 million from 1,508 theaters. Narrated by John Krasinski, the docu earned more than previous films "Monkey Kingdom" ($4.6 Million) and "Bears" ($4.8 Million), and is the highest grossing Disneynature opening since 2012's Chimpanzee ($10.7 million).
Cinelou's "Phoenix Forgotten" opened at 1,592 theaters to an estimated $2 million this weekend. A24's "Free Fire" raked in only $1 million from 1,070 spots in its first weekend.
In its fourth frame, Fox's "The Boss Baby" will bottle up $12.8 million from 3,697 locations, putting it in second place behind "Fate." Disney's "Beauty and the Beast" should hold onto third with $10 million from 3,315 theaters.
Warner Bros.' "Going in Style" should slide into fourth with $5 million from 3,038 spots. The heist comedy starring Morgan Freeman, Michael Caine and Alan Arkin is targeting an older demo, and saw only a 20% decline in ticket sales from its second to third weekend. "Born in China" looks to round out the top five.
April 6 DATAGROUP SE:
* DATAGROUP provides the basis for further growth and wins major order from German Aerospace Center
* Contract with DLR has a term of three years with a volume in high single-digit millions and includes a renewal option for another two years Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 30 Singapore Exchange Ltd
* Singapore Exchange filed complaints with authorities in China against Wu Xinhua, executive chairperson and ceo of sgx-listed China Fibretech
* The complaint was made against Wu in relation to several alleged offences under the Chinese Penal Code
* Complaint was made against Wu in relation to several alleged offences under the Chinese Penal Code
* Sgx has also concurrently referred the matter to the Singapore authorities Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
Fed raises rates, unveils balance sheet cuts in sign of confidence
WASHINGTON The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months and said it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year, signalling its confidence in a growing U.S. economy and strengthening job market.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO - General Khalifa Haftar, commander in the Libyan National Army (LNA), arrives to attend a meeting for talks over a political deal to help end Libya's crisis in La Celle-Saint-Cloud near Paris, France, July 25, 2017.
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Libyan military commander Khalifa Haftar was due to arrive in Moscow on Saturday ahead of a meeting with Russia's foreign minister, RIA news agency reported, citing a Russian negotiator.
Haftar is expected to meet Sergei Lavrov on Monday, Lev Dengov, head of the Russian contact group on Libya, told RIA. It was not immediately clear what the pair would be discussing.
At the end of July, Haftar and Libya's Prime Minister Fayez al-Serraj committed during talks in France to a conditional ceasefire and to elections, but a Italian naval mission aimed to help the country curb migrant flows has fuelled tension this month.
Haftar's self-styled Libyan National Army controls much of eastern and southern Libya.
It has rejected a U.N.-backed government in Tripoli that is struggling to assert authority over an array of armed factions which have been competing for control since the 2011 fall of Muammar Gaddafi.
Haftar has held talks with Russian officials before and in January they were given a tour of a Russian aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean.
The head of the U.N.-backed government visited Moscow in March, and the Kremlin said then it wanted to help repair the damage it said had been done by Western involvement in the country.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
May 1 Pelion SA:
* Said on Friday that its unit, Pharmapoint SA, to recognise an impairment at amount of 8.9 million zlotys ($2.30 million) on value of goods purchased by a contractor
* The impairment to impact Q1 results of the company at amount of 8.9 million zlotys
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8710 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
NEW YORK, March 31 U.S. Treasury debt yields edged higher on Friday after data showed the largest annual increase in U.S. inflation in nearly five years, underpinning more interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve this year.
The personal consumption expenditures (PCE) price index gained 0.1 percent last month after jumping 0.4 percent in January. That lifted the year-on-year rate of increase in the PCE price index to 2.1 percent, which was the biggest year-on-year gain since April 2012 and followed a 1.9 percent rise in January. nLNNVEEDCX]
The other components of the data though were more subdued with consumer spending barely rising in February with a 0.1 percent gain.
In early morning trading, benchmark 10-year notes flat to slightly lower in price to yield 2.419 percent. Yields rose as high as 2.423 percent, from 2.418 percent before the data's release. (Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss)
Thomas Pieters of Belgium hits onto the first green in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Charley Hoffman of the U.S. celebrates saving par on the first hole in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Rickie Fowler lines up a putt on the first green in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Jordan Spieth of the U.S. tosses their ball to their caddie on the 18th green in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Sergio Garcia of Spain watches their ball in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
Justin Rose of England walks up the 18th green in third round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
AUGUSTA, Georgia Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia led the U.S. Masters on six under par and Jordan Spieth was lurking two shots back after an absorbing third round at a sun-drenched Augusta National on Saturday.
England's Rose and Spaniard Garcia finished one shot ahead of American Rickie Fowler and two clear of a group including 2015 Masters champion Spieth, who put together a fine four-under 68 to soar into contention.
Spieth was joined at four-under 212 by fellow-Americans Ryan Moore and Charley Hoffman, the journeyman who led the tournament after a sparkling first-round 65 but dropped three shots over Saturday's closing holes to slip down the leaderboard.
Rose, the 2013 U.S. Open champion, conjured up seven birdies, including a pair at the last two holes, in a day's best round of 67.
"The course offers you a run around the par-fives," Rose told reporters.
"I took advantage and the last two birdies put the cherry on the cake. It was a reward for staying patient on the front nine."
Garcia, 37, played a bogey-free back nine featuring two birdies to card a 70 while world number eight Fowler, like the Spaniard bidding for their first major title, signed for a 71.
They were helped by a break at the par-five 13th, where their second-shot approach landed short and looked headed for a splash in Rae's Creek before coming to rest just above the hazard. An excellent chip from there led to a birdie for Garcia.
"It was nice," Garcia said. "It was hard but it was fun to play well again, to go through a Saturday at the Masters with a chance at winning and to be up there going into tomorrow."
EXTRAORDINARY RECORD
Spieth put themselves in position to continue their extraordinary record at the Masters, which they won in 2015 and finished tied second in 2014 and 2016.
The 23-year-old American birdied the par-three sixth hole, sunk a 20-foot putt at the eighth and produced a sumptuous iron shot into the ninth green to get to three under.
They safely negotiated Amen Corner, where they came to grief spectacularly in the final round last year, and picked up further birdies at the par-five 13th and 15th holes before dropping their only shot of the day at the par-three 16th.
"I feel great," said Spieth who has fought back from an opening 75. "After the first round I couldn't ask for much better than this. We fought back tremendously to have a chance to win the tournament."
Hoffman, the world number 52, was putting together another solid round until they pulled a seven-iron into water at the 16th hole and made a double-bogey on the way to a level-par 72.
Also challenging were Australian Adam Scott, the 2013 winner, at three under, with 2011 champion Charl Schwartzel of South Africa another shot back.
England's Lee Westwood, runner-up last year, shot 68 to finish at one under along with Belgian Thomas Pieters, the joint overnight leader who struggled to a scrappy 75.
World number two Rory McIlroy made a fast start on Saturday but was unable to maintain momentum and ended up at level par.
It was a miserable day for four-times major champion Ernie Els, who was seeking their first Masters title at the age of 47.
The South African carded a dismal round of 83 to drop out of contention in what is likely to be their final appearance at Augusta.
(Editing by Andrew Both and Larry Fine)
May 3 LHC Group Inc:
* LHC Group reports first quarter 2017 EPS of $0.53 on revenue of $246.6 million
* Q1 earnings per share $0.53
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.44 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Q1 revenue $246.6 million versus I/B/E/S view $242.2 million
* LHC Group Inc - raised its fiscal year 2017 guidance for net service revenue to be in an expected range of $1.02 billion to $1.04 billion
* LHC Group Inc - total comparable-quarter organic growth in hospice admissions for Q1 was 6.2%
* Net service revenue increased 10.8% to $246.6 million for Q1 of 2017 compared with $222.6 million for Q1 of 2016
* LHC Group Inc - total comparable-quarter organic growth in home health admissions for Q1 was 11.7%
* LHC Group Inc says fully diluted earnings per share to be in an expected range of $2.23 to $2.33 in FY
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.17, revenue view $1.01 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.17, revenue view $1.01 billion -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., April 12 A surgeon told a federal court in Arkansas on Wednesday a sedative the state plans to use in its lethal injection mix is not suitable for surgery and should be prohibited when Arkansas holds an unprecedented series of executions later this month.
Arkansas plans to kill eight prisoners in dual executions over 11 days from April 17, although a federal judge has halted one execution. Death penalty opponents say the rushed schedule is reckless and increases the chance of errors.
The European Union on Wednesday called on Arkansas to commute the death sentences.
The convicted murderers scheduled to die have asked U.S. District Judge Kristine Baker in Little Rock to halt their executions, saying the state's rush to the death chamber was unconstitutional. Baker set a Thursday deadline for evidence.
Lawyers for Arkansas, which has not had an execution for 12 years, have told the court the drug in question, midazolam, has been used in executions in other states and its lethal injection protocols pass constitutional muster.
Jonathan Groner, a professor at Ohio State University's medical school and a specialist in pediatrics and trauma, testified they have never used midazolam as the primary anesthetic in thousands of operations they have performed.
"It would be malpractice for me to do an appendectomy using midazolam as an anesthetic," they said. They were a witness for the inmates and on cross-examination said they were a death penalty opponent.
When the number of executions was rising in the late 1990s, several states held double and even triple executions on the same day, including Arkansas.
At that time, a powerful sedative was part of the mix but since then, major pharmaceutical companies have banned sales to states for executions. This caused a scramble for new mixes, including combinations with midazolam, which has been used in flawed executions in states including Oklahoma and Arizona where witnesses said inmates withered in pain on death chamber gurneys.
Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson, a Republican, set the schedule, saying the state's midazolam supply expires at the end of April and it is in the interest of justice for victims' families to hold as many executions as possible while Arkansas has the difficult-to-obtain drug.
The American Bar Association, the leading U.S. law professionals organization, sent a letter to Hutchinson on Tuesday, saying the expedited schedule appears not to allow for due process of the law.
(Additional reporting by Jon Herskovitz in Austin, Texas, and Robert-Jan Bartunek in Brussels; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Britain's Secretary of State for International Trade and President of the Board of Trade Liam Fox arrives in Downing Street, London March 29, 2017. REUTERS/Hannah McKay
Swiss President Johann Schneider-Ammann smiles as they attend a welcome ceremony at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico, November 4, 2016. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
ZURICH Switzerland aims to reach quick agreements on trade and other matters with Britain following its divorce from the European Union, the Swiss government said on Friday after top trade officials met.
Economy Minister Johann Schneider-Ammann was in London where they met Liam Fox, Britain's secretary of state for international trade, to discuss future bilateral economic relations.
"The aim is to reach a follow-up arrangement for the time after Brexit as swiftly as possible, particularly on trade," it said. "Liam Fox reiterated that this was also in the U.K.'s interests and that reaching such an arrangement with Switzerland was a priority."
Neutral Switzerland is not a member of the European Union, which on Friday offered Britain talks this year on a future free trade pact.
(Reporting by John Miller; Editing by Michael Shields)
* PRELIMINARY DATA FROM THE COMPLETED PRECLINICAL LONG-TERM STUDY WITH AN ANIMAL MODEL CLEARLY ESTABLISH THE STRONG PROTECTIVE EFFECT AGAINST RENAL DAMAGE OF THE ACTIVE SUBSTANCE IN THE CANDIDATE DRUG ROSGARD IN CONNECTION WITH RADIATION THERAPY
BEIRUT More than 7,000 people have escaped Islamic State control in the Tabqa area west of the Syrian city of Raqqa since last week, U.S.-backed local forces fighting the jihadists said on Friday.
The Syrian Democratic Forces, an alliance of Kurdish and Arab milita fighters, has been battling Islamic State around Tabqa, nearly 40 km (25 miles) west of Raqqa city.
Last week, they captured the northern entrance to the Tabqa Dam, a major target in their military campaign to isolate and capture Islamic State's biggest urban stronghold.
With air strikes and special ground forces from the U.S.-led coalition, the SDF has been advancing on Raqqa city from the north, east and west.
Thousands of families have arrived at SDF-held positions since last week after managing to flee Tabqa and nearby villages, the SDF said.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based organisation that monitors the war, said clashes and air strikes had pushed nearly 3,000 people to escape those areas over the past week.
The offensive to capture Raqqa will last a number of months, the operation's commander told Reuters earlier on Friday.
(This version of the story corrects date in paragraph five)
(Reporting by Ellen Francis; editing by Ralph Boulton)
Fighters and team members prepare backstage before matches of a Mixed Martial art (MMA) competition in Kabul, Afghanistan March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
An Afghan athlete is checked before a mixed martial art (MMA) match in Kabul, Afghanistan March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
An Afghan fighter celebrates their victory during a mixed martial art (MMA) match in Kabul, Afghanistan March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
An Afghan fighter in knockout in the ring during a mixed martial art (MMA) match in Kabul, Afghanistan March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Omar Sobhani
KABUL In a custom-built arena in Kabul, crowds cheered as young Afghan men punched, kicked, and wrestled in the country's first professional mixed martial arts league, a welcome distraction to the violence besetting the country.
While cricket and football more commonly grab public attention in Afghanistan, fighters and fans see martial arts not just as entertainment but as a constructive pastime for youths in a country torn by war and economic malaise.
Against a soundtrack of booming music and shouts of encouragement, sweat and blood mixed inside the cage. Each match, however, ended in a hug.
"I think it provides a very good platform for the social frustrations that we have here in Afghanistan," said Kakal Noristani, who a year and a half ago helped found the Snow Leopard Fighting Championship.
To date, only men have competed in the handful of competitions, but organizers say they are training women fighters. The walls of the club feature posters of American martial arts competitor Ronda Rousey.
Noristani and their partners want to develop mixed martial arts as a professional sport in Afghanistan, hoping to host foreign fighters and send Afghan competitors abroad.
"We've just begun here in Afghanistan," Noristani said. "The professional structure was non-existent before this."
That's helped some fighters dream of national and international glory.
"This is the wish of every fighter: To reach the highest level and be able to fight abroad," said Mir Baba Nadery, who won their match that night.
Outside the cage, spectators expressed gratitude for a diversion from the country's woes.
"Coming to this kind of events takes your mind off of our problems," said Nadia Sina. "We are happy to see such an organization encouraging sportsmen and improving the sport in the country."
(Writing by Josh Smith; editing by Richard Lough)
April 3 Norway Competition Authority:
* Says informed Nordic telecom operator Telia that its acquisition of Phonero could go ahead
* Sweden's Telia and Norway's Telenor are the two largest players in the Norwegian mobile telecom market
* Telia said in December it had agreed to acquire Phonero for 2.3 billion Norwegian crowns ($268.34 million) Source: here Further company coverage: [ ] ($1 = 8.5712 Norwegian crowns) (Reporting By Nerijus Adomaitis)
April 12 Canada's Shaw Communications reported a 13.3 percent rise in quarterly revenue on Wednesday, driven by the addition of more wireless customers.
However, the Calgary-based company's net income fell to C$147 million, or 30 Canadian cents per share, in the second quarter ended Feb. 28, from C$164 million, or 32 Canadian cents per share, a year earlier.
Shaw's quarterly revenue rose to C$1.30 billion from $1.15 billion. (Reporting by Ahmed Farhatha in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta)
São Paulo, April 28 GPA SA, Brazil's biggest retailer, has seen better-than-expected results from turning its Extra hypermarkets into Assai cash-and-carry stores and is accelerating investments in those conversions, its chief executive said on Friday.
"We've said we aimed to do 15 of those conversions this year, but we really want to do as many as possible over the course of 2017," CEO Ronaldo Iabrudi told analyst on a call to discuss first-quarter earnings. (Reporting by Brad Haynes)
BUENOS AIRES, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Toronto-based Yamana Gold said on Friday that an accident at its Gualcamayo mine in Argentina resulted in two fatalities.
The accident involved two employees of a local contractor traveling in a light truck on an access road at the Las Vacas exploration site, the company said, adding that no additional details were available. (Reporting by Caroline Stauffer; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
April 6 Coassets Ltd
* Says will cease operations of its Australian crowdfunding business and its Australian funds management business with immediate effect
* Corporate authorised representative agreement between its subsidiary and Melbourne Securities Corporation Limited has now terminated Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A charity which rescues and re-homes animals has thanked everyone for their help following the safe return of one of its dogs.
Animals In Need launched an appeal after Brook was stolen from the charity in Little Irchester on Sunday.
They put up posters and used social media in a bid to help find the black and white Staffie cross French bulldog.
And three days later, they have been reunited with the volunteers who had been taking care of them
Annie Marriott from the charity confirmed that they have been to collect Brook and they are ‘ok' after their ordeal.
A message posted on the charity's Facebook page said: “We are all over the moon to announce Brook is home safe and fine.
“The whole AIN team thanks you all from the bottom of our hearts for all your help and support.
“We have been totally overwhelmed by everyone's help, incidents of dog theft are are rising fast so everyone needs to remain vigilant.”
Linde Group logo is seen at company building before the annual news conference in Munich, Germany March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lukas Barth
FRANKFURT/MUNICH Linde (LING.DE) labor representatives will vote against the German industrial gases group's planned $65 billion merger with U.S. rival Praxair (PX.N), the head of the German works council told Reuters on Thursday, in a move that could scupper the deal.
The merger would entail significant job losses to achieve the promised $1 billion of synergies, with Linde bearing the brunt, while workers would lose their influence on strategy with the headquarters set to move from Germany, Gernot Hahl said.
Linde and Praxair are racing to finalize a deal by Linde's annual shareholder meeting on May 10, after agreeing a non-binding term sheet in December. It would then have to be approved by the boards of both companies.
"Our position in the supervisory board is: No, we will not approve the merger," Hahl said by phone.
Linde's supervisory board, half of which is made up of labor representatives, voted unanimously in favor of the intention to merge in December, in exchange for job guarantees through 2021 for Linde's 8,000 German workers.
Linde had until now characterized negotiations with its workers as constructive. "The negotiations with Praxair are proceeding as planned," a Linde spokesperson said on Thursday. They declined to comment on labor relations.
After a meeting with Linde executives last week, the company's European works council sent a letter to staff saying it had become obvious the merger would lead to significant job losses in European countries outside Germany. The company employs several thousand people elsewhere on the continent.
"The European Works Council members and the workforce will therefore vigorously oppose the planned merger with Praxair," said the letter seen by Reuters on Wednesday.
Other labor representatives said on Thursday they had previously only agreed to an "examination with an open outcome".
"We are against it," said trade union IG Metall. "We think nothing of the merger."
Workers representatives also secured the backing of the number two official in Germany's economy ministry.
"Such a planned merger needs the acceptance of the labor side. This clearly does not currently exist. The economic rationale of such a project has also not been convincingly put forward, in my opinion," state secretary Matthias Machnig wrote.
One person close to the negotiations told Reuters it was unclear whether the companies could offer further concessions to appease workers and clinch the deal.
The merger is designed to create an industry leader with a combined market value of $65 billion and revenue of $29 billion that would overtake France's Air Liquide (AIRP.PA) and reunite a global Linde group split by the First World War a century ago.
It is the second attempt by the two companies to agree a deal. Previous talks ran aground last September over where to locate key activities and who would run the business, resulting in the departure of Linde's two top executives.
CASTING VOTE
"The probability that the deal will still go through is still greater than 50 percent in our view, but has clearly decreased," wrote Equinet analyst Knud Hinkel, who has an "accumulate" recommendation on Linde stock.
"If the deal actually collapsed, the share would suffer in the short term. In the long term, Linde could be better off without the merger."
Linde shares were up 0.2 percent at 1308 GMT, broadly in line with the German blue-chip DAX .GDAXI.
The merger plan envisions a combined holding company being headquartered in Europe, but not Germany - probably Ireland, the Netherlands or Britain. These countries do not offer workers the same rights over strategy that Germany does.
Linde Chief Executive Aldo Belloni said earlier this month they would not push through a deal against the will of workers, but was confident of winning them over.
Linde's supervisory board will meet next Thursday, but will not yet vote on the matter.
If the eventual vote is tied, Chairman Wolfgang Reitzle, the driving force behind the merger, will have a casting vote.
"The works council feels it is being pushed into something," said an adviser to the labor side, who asked not to be named because their advice is confidential. "If the capital side wants it, then Reitzle will have to use their casting vote, if they're so convinced."
(Additional reporting by Gernot Heller in Berlin and Arno Schuetze and Alexander Huebner in Frankfurt; Editing by Mark Potter)
In 2014, the federal government announced the elimination of stamp duty and VAT from secondary stock market transactions, but recent communication with shareholders revealed that both charges still apply. In this interview with Financial Vanguard, Olufemi Timothy, President, Renaissance Shareholders' Association, said the development shows that SEC is not alive to its responsibilities as the apex regulator of the Nigerian capital market.
By Nkiruka Nnorom
THREE years ago, the former Minister of Finance, Mrs Ngozi Oknojo-Iweala, announced the removal of stamp duty and VAT from secondary stock market transactions, but till now, stockbrokers still include them in their charges. As an investor in the market, how do you view the continuous collection of stamp duty?
When governments don't maintain and sustain their policies, it is a thing of displeasure and it affects confidence in the market and even in the government itself. You see, when an investor doesn't trust government's policies, they may be reluctant to invest in that environment.
Minister of finance announced elimination of stamp duty, but the stockbrokers are still collecting it, it is disheartening and it is the fault of the apex regulator who is supposed to regulate and make sure that all stockbrokers who are registered under the Securities and Exchange Commission, SEC, obey government policies. So, it is not good enough and all these things, in the end, will affect investors' confidence. If you buy a million shares and stamp duty is collected, it would amount to huge sum of money which would have been added to buy more shares.
They know that by removing stamp duty, it will assist investors to reduce cost of buying shares, but when the policy is not implemented, the cost of investing in the Nigeria capital market remains high. Government, by its pronouncement tried to assist but stockbrokers, who are registered with SEC are not helping matters and these are some of the things we see in the market where you see operators violate government orders.
Your response sounds like an indictment on the SEC, but for me, if the government had gone beyond pronouncement to implementation, the stockbrokers would have keyed in
Since the minister of finance then said that henceforth, stamp duty should be removed, it is a federal government pronouncement. Do you still need to get circular before you start implementation? After the pronouncement, it is left for the SEC to implement; the minister of finance cannot come to the capital market to implement and that is why I am putting the blame on the Commission, which is the apex regulator of the capital market. It is its duty to make sure that government policies regarding the capital market are implemented. So, if the SEC is silent about this, it is not good enough.
Do you think this continuous collection of stamp duty supports the federal government's campaign of growing and restoring confidence in the market?
It does not support that position. Government is trying to make sure that they reduce cost in the market so that more people can invest and grow the capital market, but the operators are not looking in that direction. So, for me, the stockbrokers are working contrary to government's intentions.
SEC is proposing reduction in cost of transaction both in the primary and secondary market, but with regards to what is happening with stamp duty, do you think this would be achieved?
The truth is that they cannot achieve it because stamp duty and VAT are part of the costs they want to reduce. They have to look at it holistically and make sure that every cost that is supposed to be reduced is reduced. For instance, if you want to reduce the cost of transaction from 0.1 per cent to 0.05 per cent and you discover that it is not implemented, that means that you are moving nowhere; nothing is achieved.
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan said on Saturday that tension with Europe was due to European domestic politics and relations with Berlin would improve after Germany's parliamentary election in September.
Relations between Europe and Turkey, a NATO member and a candidate for European Union membership, have been strained by the crackdown that followed last year's failed coup, with some European countries voicing alarm at the scale of the purges.
"Criticism from Europe is about their internal politics," Erdoğan said in a speech in the western city of Isparta that was broadcast live on television.
"France and Austria did this before, we see that Germany follows the same strategy. I believe that this situation will improve after elections," they said, referring to the Sept. 24 polls where Chancellor Angela Merkel is running for a fourth term.
Related Coverage Munich trade fair firm committed to Turkey despite blacklist - Welt
Troy Palmer took out the Steer Wrestling category.
A SUCCESSFUL weekend was conducted at the Killarney Showgrounds, with three big events taking place in three days.
Killarney Show and Rodeo Society president Jan Hamilton said the group was delighted with the outcome.
"We had over 500 people come down to the rodeo on Saturday,” Mrs Hamilton said.
"The crowd was extremely well behaved, with not a single incident to report.
"There was a DJ playing throughout the day, who continued playing until after midnight.
"People stuck around as well, and they really had a good time.
"There were no reported injuries from the event, with just a few scratches and scrapes on a few competitors.”
The society was happy with the responses the received from spectators, Mrs Hamilton said.
"The main feedback was that it was run very well,” they said.
"With the combination of the society and the National Rodeo Association, the event is conducted in a way that both spectators and participants enjoy.”
Mrs Hamilton said the NRA event conducted on Saturday was well supported from further organisations.
"On Friday night the Down Under Bucking Bulls were at the showgrounds, and on Sunday the Queensland Barrel Racing Association had another of their events as well,” they said.
"Nominations for both of those events were really strong. They helped to make it a really big weekend, and a memorable one.
"Having everyone on the grounds for the weekend created a good atmosphere, particularly with the events flowing in the way they did.”
RODEO RESULTS
Open Bull Ride - Joshua Jones
Saddle Ride - Cameron Taylor
Bareback Ride - Bevan Brown
Rope and Tie - Heath Kimber
Steer Wrestling - Troy Palmer
Team Roping - Lindsey Speedy and Glenn Lefoe
Open Barrel Race - Kate Patch
Open Breakaway Roping - Kylie Siebenhausen
Novice Bull Ride - Clint McAughtrie
U18 Junior Barrel Race - Olivia Webb
U18 Junior Breakaway Roping - Tahnee Small
U18 Junior Bull Ride - Lane Mellers
U15 Junior Steer Ride - Brandon Long
U7-12 Poddy Ride - Brakley Murphy
April 13 Snc-lavalin Group Inc:
* Snc-Lavalin awarded detailed design services contract by codelco for the talabre tailings expansion project
* Snc-Lavalin group inc - has been awarded a contract by corporación nacional del cobre de chile
* Snc-Lavalin group - contract to provide detailed design services for talabre tailings expansion phase viii project, located in city of calama Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
* Euro pares monthly gain after ECB maintains dovish bias
* Dollar steadies vs yen ahead of Japanese Golden Week holidays
* U.S. Q1 GDP in focus later on Friday
TOKYO, April 28 The dollar edged up in Asian trading on Friday but was on track for a losing month against a basket of currencies, while the euro shed some of its monthly gains after the European Central Bank maintained its easing bias.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, edged up 0.1 percent to 99.205 , but down 0.8 percent for the week and 1.1 percent for April.
The euro was down 0.1 percent at $1.0863, but up 1.3 percent for the week and 2 percent for the month.
ECB chief Mario Draghi said on Thursday after the central bank's policy meeting that removal of the bank's easing bias was not discussed, stressing the barriers the ECB still faces before beginning to tighten its ultra-loose financing conditions.
However, they also said that euro zone's recovery was increasingly solid and downside risks had diminished.
"My feeling is that Draghi's statement will be an important factor to set the tone for the euro's movement next month," said Masashi Murata, currency strategist for Brown Brothers Harriman in Tokyo. "He said the ECB is unlikely to start its exit strategy this year."
Against its Japanese counterpart, the dollar inched 0.1 percent lower on the day to 111.30 yen, up 1.9 percent for the week but still down 0.2 percent for the month.
"The Japanese Golden Week holidays are ahead, and investors have already adjusted their positions," said Kaneo Ogino, director at foreign exchange research firm Global-info Co in Tokyo.
Tokyo markets will be closed for three days from May 3 for a string of holidays known as the Golden Week, and some market participants take additional time off.
"Because of the holidays, we're not seeing the usual Japanese profit-taking or exporter selling on the dollar's rise, though some investors are still hoping for a chance to buy the dollar on dips," Ogino said.
Liquidity is likely to be thin next week, which market participants say could exacerbate any sudden moves.
Traders continue to monitor tensions on the Korean peninsula, any escalations of which could give the perceived safe-haven yen a lift.
U.S. President Donald Trump told Reuters in an Oval Office interview on Thursday that a major conflict with North Korea is possible in the standoff over its nuclear and missile programs, but they would prefer a diplomatic outcome to the dispute.
On Thursday, the BOJ kept monetary policy unchanged as expected, but offered its most optimistic assessment of the economy in nine years, signalling its confidence that a pick-up in overseas demand will help sustain an export-driven recovery.
Japanese economic data released early in the session showed Japan's core consumer prices rose at a slower than expected pace in March from a year earlier, but they posted their third straight month of increase, driven by rising energy costs.
Later in the global session, investors will get a first look at the preliminary estimate for U.S. gross domestic product in the first quarter. Economists polled by Reuters expected an increase of 1.2 percent, and any downside surprise would likely pressure U.S. Treasury yields and the dollar.
The yield on benchmark 10-year Treasury notes stood at 2.292 percent in Asian trading, not far from its U.S. close of 2.296 percent on Thursday.
The dollar was steady against the Swedish crown at 8.8374 crowns per dollar, after it jumped on Thursday in the wake of a decision by Sweden's Riksbank extended its bond-buying. The central bank also predicted its first interest rate hike in mid-2018, later than previously projected. (Reporting by Tokyo markets team; Editing by Sam Holmes)
An Iraqi boy walks past a building destroyed during the fighting between Iraqi forces and Islamic states militants in Qayyara, Iraq April 6, 2017. REUTERS/Suhaib Salem
QAYYARA, Iraq The stench hits you long before you reach the morgue where the latest casualties of war between Islamic State militants and Iraqi forces are kept.
Doctor Mansour Maarouf dons a surgical mask as they approach the morgue refrigerator and pauses before pulling open the door to an icy blast. "In the name of God," they say out of respect for the dead.
Inside, around two dozen corpses lie on the floor: some in body bags, several wrapped in blankets and a few so torn to pieces they come in sacks.
Nearly all of them are victims of the ongoing battle to dislodge Islamic State militants from Mosul, around 60 km further north. On the deadliest day so far, 21 bodies arrived at the hospital in the town of Qayyara.
The morgue gives a sense of the heavy toll the conflict is taking on civilians, but also highlights the practical challenges of dealing with the dead when infrastructure is ruined and administration has collapsed.
Staff at the hospital, which is run by aid group Women's Alliance Health International (WAHA), purchased the cable connecting the morgue fridge to the power supply themselves, and space is limited.
"They (the Iraqi health ministry) have promised to provide us with shelves to increase the capacity," said the doctor.
Until recently, the only place in the province authorized to issue death certificates was the department of forensic medicine in west Mosul, which remains under Islamic State control.
That meant the dead had to be driven hundreds of kilometres to the cities of Tikrit or Erbil and often got held up at checkpoints on the way, if not turned back.
To resolve the issue, the Iraqi government has now authorized the hospital in Qayyara to issue death certificates, except when the victim's identity or cause of death are unclear.
In those cases, the body is transferred to a new mortuary on the eastern side of Mosul, which is under the control of Iraqi security forces.
There, an autopsy is conducted if necessary, and the body is buried in a numbered grave so it can be found in future should someone come searching.
"We wait for a period (before burying the body), depending on how full the fridges are," said Dr Modhar Alomary, who is in charge of the morgue, the sound of outgoing artillery in the background.
Alomary declined to say how many bodies they had received.
BRINGING UP THE BODIES
It might seem that Alomary's workload would decrease once the battle for Mosul is over, but they expect the opposite.
That is when the task will begin of uncovering the mass graves where Islamic State threw its opponents after executing them.
A sinkhole south of Mosul believed to be the largest site may contain as many as 4,000 bodies, according to Human Rights Watch.
One worker at the morgue knows the scale of Islamic State's two and half year killing spree better than most. They were an employee at the morgue in Mosul when Islamic State overran the city in the summer of 2014 and kept working there until just over one month ago.
In that time, "huge numbers" of bodies passed through the morgue, they said, many of them civilians, former police officer and ex-soldiers killed by the militants. "Sometimes we got 20-25, 50 (bodies in a day)."
The militants, who assumed control of hospitals across Mosul and appointed an "Emir of Health", did not allow the morgue workers to conduct autopsies on their victims.
As for Islamic State's own dead, the morgue worker said they were forced to fabricate the cause of death on the certificates of Iraqi fighters slain in battle, such as “car accident”.
That, to him, was an indication the militants anticipated defeat and wanted to make life easier for the families of its Iraqi members after Islamic State.
Death certificates were not issued for foreign fighters because their only identity was a nom de guerre, they said.
During the battle for Mosul's eastern half, the morgue worker said they had received the corpses of 72 militants in a single day, estimating a total of 2,000 had passed through in the three months it took Iraqi forces to rout them.
Iraqi forces are now struggling to dislodge Islamic State from a few remaining districts in the west of the city, and the morgue worker said comparatively few dead militants had been brought in up until the point they left: "The number of civilian casualties is greater," they said.
Many civilians killed in Mosul have been buried in gardens by relatives who were not able to reach a graveyard during the fighting and now want to dig up their loved ones and give them a proper burial.
Two men came to ask Dr Alomary what they should do with the remains of several relatives who were among dozens of civilians killed in an air strike by the U.S.-led coalition on the western Mosul Jadida district last month.
"We buried them by the side of the road and want to bring them here," one of the men said to the doctor, who advised them to wait for Iraqi forces to finish clearing the rest of the city.
The bodies must also be dug up to get an official death certificate, which will enable victims' relatives to claim compensation from the government.
But unless the authorities keep watch, people could take advantage of the chaos to fake deaths -- whether to escape justice, or simply start a new life.
(Editing by Anna Willard)
March 30 VF Corp:
* VF Corp introduces 2021 strategic growth plan; updates strategy and long-term financial outlook
* Says revenue through 2021 is expected to grow at a five-year compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) between 4 percent and 6 percent
* VF Corp - earnings per share is expected to grow at a five-year CAGR of between 10 percent and 12 percent in 2021
* VF Corp - gross margin is expected to reach 51.5 percent in 2021
* Operating margin is expected to reach 16.0 percent in 2021
* VF Corp - board of directors also approved a new $5 billion share repurchase authorization
* Expects to generate more than $9 billion of cash from operations on a cumulative basis between 2017 and 2021
* VF - expects to deliver annual total shareholder return in 13 percent to 15 percent range through 2021
* VF Corp says board authorized change in fiscal year end from Saturday closest to December 31 of each year to saturday closest to March 31 of each year
* VF Corp - expects to generate more than $9 billion of cash from operations from 2017 to 2021 and return $8 billion to shareholders through dividends & share repurchases
* VF Corp - will report results for fiscal 2017 in Feb 2018, for three-month transition period of Dec 31, 2017 through March 31, 2018, in April 2018
* VF Corp -Five-year plan focuses on elevating direct-to-consumer while prioritizing digital & distorting investment toward Asia, with heightened focus on China Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
BOSTON, March 28 A partner at New York hedge fund Paulson & Co died on Monday after jumping out of a hotel window in Midtown Manhattan, according to police.
The New York City Police Department said it received a call late on Monday afternoon that the man had jumped out of a 24th-floor window of the Sofitel New York Hotel.
An investigation, treating the incident as suicide, has begun, a police spokesperson said on Tuesday.
The man was identified as Charles Murphy by their employer, billionaire investor John Paulson. "We are extremely saddened by this news," Paulson said in a statement. "Charles was an extremely gifted and brilliant man, a great partner and a true friend."
Murphy was instrumental in getting Paulson to invest in insurance companies including American International Group Inc , where the billionaire had pushed for the company to break apart and now has a seat on the board.
Before coming to Paulson, Murphy worked for hedge fund Fairfield Greenwich Group and several investment banks. They were 56 years old and lived in a townhouse on Manhattan's Upper East Side.
Fairfield Greenwich Group collapsed after it was accused of putting clients' money with Bernard Madoff, who admitted in 2009 that they ran a Ponzi scheme. Prosecutors said the scheme amounted to as much as $65 billion over 20 years and involved more than 4,800 client accounts. (Reporting by Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by Bill Rigby)
March 31 Australian Competition And Consumer Commission-
* ACCC denies authorisation for banks to collectively bargain with Apple and boycott Apple Pay
* "ACCC is not satisfied, on balance, that the likely benefits from the proposed conduct outweigh the likely detriments"
* "Concerned that the proposed conduct is likely to reduce or distort competition in a number of markets"
* Says banks sought authorisation to bargain with Apple for access to near-field communication (NFC) controller in Iphones, reasonable access terms to App store Source text: (bit.ly/2nB5YZw) Further company coverage:
* China says no "substantial impact" on nuclear plans
* Two sides promise to give priority to joint projects
* Completion of world's first AP1000 reactor still on track (Adds detail, background)
By David Stanway
SHANGHAI, March 30 China's State Power Investment Corp said Westinghouse's bankruptcy filing would not have a "substantial impact" on the country's nuclear plans and the two sides would ensure a key AP1000 reactor project would be completed on schedule this year.
The project is the world's first Westinghouse-designed AP1000 reactor project, being built at Sanmen on China's eastern coast, and is one of four reactors planned with State Power.
"The two sides were fully aware of the importance of the Chinese AP1000 project and agreed to continue to make the project a common priority and increase investment to ensure that the target of putting the reactor into operation this year is met," it said in a statement on Thursday.
The first AP1000 was due to be completed in 2014, but construction was subject to delays as a result of design problems as well as a nationwide review of the nuclear industry following the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Westinghouse hoped the AP1000 would become the centrepiece of China's ambitious nuclear strategy, and expected to win dozens of new projects.
But industry sources said the Pittsburgh-based firm underestimated China's ability to develop its own home-brand third-generation designs, with China's own "Hualong 1" reactor selected over the AP1000 for a number of domestic nuclear projects.
A senior Chinese nuclear industry official said earlier this month that the reactor was still scheduled to go into full operation in the second half of 2017.
“The restructuring application by Westinghouse will not have a substantial impact on third generation reactor work such as the construction of the AP1000, the subsequent construction of a batch of CAP1000 reactors or the CAP1400 demonstration project,” the company said, referring to its homegrown third-generation reactor designs.
Westinghouse, owned by Japanese conglomerate Toshiba , filed for bankruptcy on Wednesday as a result of billions of dollars of cost overruns at four reactors under construction in the United States. (Reporting by David Stanway; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
DETROIT, April 6 Ratings agency Fitch said on Thursday that it expects further credit deterioration in auto lenders' portfolios in 2017 as the U.S. auto market comes off a boom cycle in which smaller subprime lenders have been aggressively pursuing market share.
Fitch said it expects a U.S. new-vehicle sales to decline to 17 million this year after reaching a record 17.55 million in 2016.
Auto sales have been strong for six years, and there are concerns the industry may be headed for a downturn.
That record run has been accompanied by looser standards by lenders, rising loan-to-value ratios and extended loan terms, Fitch said.
"As asset performance slows, rising used-vehicle supply from both lease returns and increasing repossessions will drive depreciation higher," the Fitch report said, "putting downward pressure on recovery rates and accelerating loss severity and loss levels."
Fitch said the subprime segment "has underperformed the most" and that its subprime Annualized Net Loss (ANL) index hit 10.4 percent through February - the first time it has crossed the 10 percent threshold since the height of the Great Recession in 2009.
"There are signals indicating tightening auto lending standards by banks," the ratings agency said. "Fitch would view continued tightening by auto lenders as a prudent step given the potential for higher losses in the event of default."
In late March Moody's Investors Service said competition to finance car loans in a flat market would intensify and drive increased credit risk for auto lenders. (Reporting By Nick Carey; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)
April 5 MGM Holdings Inc said it would acquire the 81 percent of Epix it does not already own from two of its partners in the premium U.S. channel, Viacom Inc and Lionsgate Entertainment Corp, for about $1.03 billion.
Viacom has a 50 percent stake in Epix, while Lionsgate holds 31.2 percent.
The deal would give MGM, a privately held U.S. movie studio best known for its classic film library, control of Epix and would be a boon to its TV business, as it seeks to build a stronger platform to distribute its content. (Reporting by Laharee Chatterjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set their sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of their long coaching career.
April 20 Nokia Oyj
* Says according to the preliminary results, shares tendered during the subsequent offer period for all shares and option rights of Comptel represent approximately 3.96 percent of all the shares and votes
* Says together with the shares tendered during the actual offer period and acquired through market purchases represent approximately 96.88 percent of all the shares and votes in Comptel Eikon: Further company coverage: (Helsinki Newsroom)
* Banks start reporting results on Thursday
* Industrials, materials, financials down, defensive sectors up
* S&P 500 falls below 50-day moving average; VIX, gold rise
* Indexes down: Dow 0.3 pct, S&P 0.4 pct, Nasdaq 0.5 pct (Updates to late afternoon)
By Caroline Valetkevitch
NEW YORK, April 12 U.S. stocks eased on Wednesday as investors sought shelter in defensive shares and other low-risk assets amid lingering geopolitical concern.
Industrials and materials were the biggest drags along with financials, while utilities, staples and telecommunications gave the S&P 500 its biggest lift.
The S&P financial index was down 0.7 percent a day before three major banks are due to report results in what will be the start of the corporate earnings season. Analysts are expecting earnings to have risen 10 percent in the first quarter, Thomson Reuters data shows.
"Short term, it's more policy driven than it is earnings driven," said Mark Lamkin, chief executive of Lamkin Wealth Management in Louisville, Kentucky.
But, they said, "Eventually the market always follows earnings. If we get closer to that double-digit gain, we'll stay fully invested. If that surprises to the light side, we'll get more defensive."
The United States launched missiles at a Syrian airfield last week to retaliate for a deadly gas attack on civilians. The strikes pushed President Donald Trump, who came to power in January calling for warmer ties with Syria's ally Russia, and their administration into confrontation with Moscow.
Investors are concerned that these developments could distract Trump from pursuing pro-business policies such as tax cuts, simpler regulations and higher infrastructure spending, promises that have powered Wall Street to record highs since their election in November.
The S&P 500 fell below its 50-day moving average, an indicator of the intermediate-term trend. At the same time, gold and CBOE Volatility index, Wall Street's fear gauge, rose.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 57.76 points, or 0.28 percent, to 20,593.54, the S&P 500 had lost 8.64 points, or 0.37 percent, to 2,345.14 and the Nasdaq Composite had dropped 26.27 points, or 0.45 percent, to 5,840.51.
Wells Fargo, along with Citigroup and JPMorgan are due to report results on Thursday, the last trading day of the week ahead of the Good Friday holiday.
Delta Air Lines was up 0.5 percent at $45.51, boosted by a better-than-expected quarterly profit and an upbeat forecast for current-quarter passenger unit revenue.
Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 2.34-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.24-to-1 ratio favored decliners.
The S&P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 49 new highs and 34 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and James Dalgleish)
By Adaeze Okechukwu
The Naira yesterday started the week with a 12 kobo appreciation to N360.45 per dollar, in the Investors and Exporters (I&E) window, even as the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) injected $210 million into the foreign exchange market.
Acting Director, Corporate Communications Department (CCD), CBN, Mr. Isaac Okorafor confirmed the injection saying: “The CBN offered $100million to authorized dealers in the wholesale segment of the market, while the Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) segment got the sum of $55 million. Customers in need of foreign exchange for invisibles such as tuition fees, medical payments and Basic Travel Allowance (BTA), among others, were also allocated the sum of $55 million.”
Meanwhile, data from the Financial Market Dealers Quote (FMDQ) showed that the indicative exchange rate for the I&E dropped toN360.45 per dollar yesterday, from N360.57 per dollar last week Friday, translating to a 12 kobo appreciation of naira.
The appreciation was occasioned by a 71 percent increase in the volume of dollars traded in window yesterday which stood at $168.51 million up from $98.6 million traded Friday, last week.
MUMBAI, April 13 The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Thursday tweaked rules that trigger regulatory action against lenders who overshoot the limit on bad loans or fail to comply with capital ratios.
The changes are under the so-called Prompt Corrective Action framework unveiled in 2002, which sets thresholds that when breached trigger supervisory action from the RBI, including restriction on dividend distribution.
In extreme cases, the framework provides the RBI with powers to force mergers or even wind up the non-compliant lender.
Regulatory action will be taken if a bank's capital-to-risk-assets ratio falls below 7.75 percent, RBI said in a statement on Thursday.
If the ratio falls below 3.625 percent, the bank could be a candidate for a merger or may even be wound up, the regulator added.
It was not immediately possible to draw a direct comparison between the new limits and the existing ones.
Meanwhile, on bad loan ratios, the central bank said the first threshold will be triggered if a bank's net non-performing assets ratio crosses 6 percent.
A net bad loan ratio of more than 12 percent will invite the extreme action of winding up or merger, it added.
For full details on rules, see: bit.ly/2p0gJIk (Reporting by Suvashree Dey Choudhury and Devidutta Tripathy; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
COLOMBO, April 12 Sri Lankan shares extended gains for an eleventh straight session, posting their biggest single-day gain in more than two years, as foreign investors aggressively bought blue chip stocks.
The Colombo stock index ended 1.55 percent firmer at 6,402.99, its highest close since Nov. 15, 2016. The index recorded its biggest percentage gain since Feb. 6, 2015.
The index has gained 1.75 percent during the week, posting its third weekly gain in eight. It has climbed 7.16 percent in the last 11 sessions through Wednesday.
The market has seen fund inflows for 16 straight sessions through Wednesday, with foreign investors buying a net 5.22 billion rupees ($34.31 million) worth of equities in the same period.
They net bought shares worth 319 million rupees on Wednesday, raising the year-to-date net foreign inflow into equities to 7.71 billion rupees.
"Continuous foreign buying in John Keells Holdings and Ceylon Tobacco Company helped the gain," said Atchuthan Srirangan, a senior research analyst with First Capital Holdings PLC.
Shares of Ceylon Tobacco Company plc jumped 9.8 percent, while Ceylon Cold Stores Plc gained 2.87 percent and biggest listed Lender Commercial Bank of Ceylon Plc rose 2.66 percent and conglomerate John Keells Holdings Plc rose 1.33 percent.
Turnover stood at 2.37 billion rupees, the highest since Feb. 28 and well above this year's daily average of 780.7 million rupees.
Sri Lanka will celebrate its traditional new year this week and the markets will be closed on Thursday and Friday. ($1 = 152.1300 Sri Lankan rupees) (Reporting by Ranga Sirilal and Shihar Aneez; Editing by Vyas Mohan)
Men work on the production line at the London Taxi Company in Coventry, central England, September 11, 2013. REUTERS/Darren Staples
LONDON British factories had their best month in three years in April, the clearest sign yet that manufacturers are enjoying at least a temporary boost from the pound's fall after the Brexit vote and an improving global economy, a survey showed on Tuesday.
The Markit/CIPS UK Manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) jumped to 57.3 from 54.2 in March, exceeding all forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists which had predicted a slight fall.
The figures echoed a string of upbeat economic news from the euro zone, the biggest export market for British manufacturers, and may be a small boon for Prime Minister Theresa May ahead of the June 8 national election.
In contrast to signs of weakening consumer demand at home as inflation rises quickly, new factory orders poured in at the fastest rate since January 2014, while growth in orders from abroad was at a seven-month high, the PMI showed.
"This is better news for the UK economy, after a very gloomy end to last week," said HSBC economist Elizabeth Martins.
Data last Friday showed gross domestic product expanded just 0.3 percent in the first three months of the 2017.
"However, we hesitate to get too excited. (Even) if the manufacturing and export upswing seen in H2 2016 does have further to run, these are not the key drivers for the UK economy more widely," Martins added.
Sterling received only a temporary lift from the PMI figures after hitting a seven-month high against the U.S. dollar on Friday. Traders were more focused on media reports that the European Union is taking a tough stance on Britain's exit from the bloc. [GBP/]
The pound's recent recovery could limit further growth in export orders but should also ease cost pressures for manufacturers. Growth in input costs cooled further in April after increasing at a record pace earlier this year.
That will be welcome news for Bank of England officials who are due to meet next week to set interest rates. Some policymakers are uneasy about the risk of inflation becoming entrenched in the economy.
Rob Dobson, economist at PMI compiler Markit, questioned whether April's growth spurt for manufacturing could be sustained as elections at home and abroad feed uncertainty in the months ahead.
"Other surges seen since the middle of last year have generally proved short-lived, as weak wage growth sapped consumer spending," they said.
Britain's official measure of manufacturing has been uneven, with quarterly growth slowing to 0.5 percent in the three months to March, according to data on Friday while the year-on-year growth rate of 2.8 percent was the strongest since late 2014.
BoE Deputy Governor Ben Broadbent said in March the current "sweet spot" for manufacturers might not last because Brexit negotiations could result in less access to the EU's single market, while a generous deal would push up the value of sterling.
(Editing by William Schomberg and Catherine Evans)
April 10 Franklin Electric Co Inc
* Franklin Electric Co acquires U.S. Groundwater distribution companies
* Franklin Electric Co says expects DSI acquisition to close before end of Q2 2017
* Franklin Electric Co - deal for $89 million in aggregate, which includes assumed debt
* Franklin Electric Co says Franklin Electric will operate acquired distributors in an entity named Headwater Companies, Llc
* Franklin Electric Co - earnings from acquired companies are expected to add 12 to 14 cents to Franklin Electric's 2018 adjusted earnings per share
* Franklin Electric Co - earnings from acquired companies expected to add twelve to fourteen cents to Franklin Electric's 2018 adjusted earnings per share
* Franklin Electric Co Inc says deal expected to be neutral to 2017 adjusted earnings per share guidance of $1.77 to $1.87 company has provided
* Franklin Electric Co - will acquire 2m Company Inc, Western Hydro Holding Corporation and Drillers Service Inc for approximately $89 million in aggregate
* Franklin Electric Co - to buy 2m Company Of Billings, Montana; Western Hydro Holding Corp of Hayward, California, Drillers Service of Hickory, North Carolina Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PARIS, April 20 An estimated 2,150 to 4,100 children in France suffered a major malformation in the womb between 1967 and 2016 after their mothers took a treatment against epilepsy and bipolar disorders known as valproate, France's drug regulator said on Thursday.
Valproate, which has been manufactured in France by Sanofi under the brand Depakine in the field of epilepsy and Depakote and Depamide in bipolar disorders, is also believed to cause slow neurological development.
ANSM, France's drug authority, said it would also publish a study on neurological effects in the second half of 2017.
Sanofi was not immediately available for comment.
Valproate was approved as an anti-epileptic drug in France in 1967 and has become one of the most widely prescribed treatments for the condition worldwide.
Parents of those affected say the French state and Sanofi were too slow to warn of the side effects of the drug, after the risks to foetuses became clear by the early 1980s.
(Reporting by Matthias Blamont, Editing by Sarah White)
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
FILE PHOTO - A man injects themselves with heroin using a needle obtained from the People's Harm Reduction Alliance, the nation's largest needle-exchange program, in Seattle, Washington April 30, 2015. REUTERS/David Ryder/File Photo
NEW YORK Heroin use in the United States has risen five-fold in the past decade and dependence on the drug has more than tripled, with the biggest jumps among whites and men with low incomes and little education, researchers said on Wednesday.
Whites aged 18 to 44 accounted for the biggest rise in heroin addiction, which has been fueled in part by the misuse of opioid prescription drugs.
The findings are troubling because the people most affected have few resources to deal with the problem, said Dr. Silvia Martins, an associate professor of epidemiology at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health, and their colleagues.
"We are seeing that heroin use has increased in the past 10 years," Martins said in a phone interview. "It is more prominent among whites with lower incomes and education and young adults."
Heroin use, which includes those who have tried the drug but not become dependent on it, and addiction also rose more among unmarried adults. Although a jump was seen among women, it as was not as prominent as for men.
The researchers found no differences in heroin use or addiction among the major regions of the country.
The findings, published online in the journal JAMA Psychiatry, followed a statement from the American College of Physicians calling for drug addiction and substance abuse disorders to be treated as a chronic medical condition like diabetes or hypertension.
It also coincided with the expected appointment of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie to head a federal commission to combat the problem. Christie has declared opioid drug abuse a public health crisis.
Martins agreed drug addiction should be treated as an illness.
"By recognizing it is a disease, more people will become aware that they need to seek help, or if they are frequent users, to know that addiction is preventable," they said.
Martins and their colleagues uncovered the trend by analyzing two studies, one from 2001-2002 and another from 2012-2013, and data from 43,000 long-term heroin users.
In 2001-2002, there were similar rates of heroin use between whites and non-whites, but by 2013 there was a significant race gap, according to the study.
Martins called for expanding treatment programs, overdose prevention and medication-assisted treatment, and for a change in doctors' prescribing practices for opioids.
"I think some level of regulation is needed," they said. "At the same time people who truly need that medication should get it but with greater supervision."
(Reporting by Patricia Reaney; Editing by Patrick Enright and Paul Simao)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Turkish foreign minister heads to Kuwait in Qatar crisis - sources
ISTANBUL, June 14 Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu was to travel to Kuwait on Wednesday evening after completing a visit to Qatar, foreign ministry sources said, in their quest to broker an end to a dispute betweeen the Gulf state and other Arab countries.
April 15 (Gracenote) - Results and standings from the Swiss championship matches on Saturday Saturday, April 15 FC Lausanne-Sport 0 FC Basel 4 FC Vaduz 0 Sion 1 Standings P W D L F A Pts 1 FC Basel 28 23 4 1 73 21 73 ------------------------- 2 Young Boys 27 15 8 4 60 38 53 ------------------------- 3 Sion 28 14 3 11 51 44 45 4 Luzern 27 11 7 9 50 46 40 ------------------------- 5 FC Lugano 27 9 7 11 38 50 34 ------------------------- 6 St Gallen 27 8 7 12 31 42 31 7 FC Lausanne-Sport 28 7 6 15 44 53 27 8 FC Thun 27 6 9 12 41 53 27 9 Grasshoppers Zurich 27 7 6 14 33 45 27 ------------------------- 10 FC Vaduz 28 5 7 16 33 62 22 1: Champions League / EC I 2: Champions League preliminary round 3-4: Europa League preliminary round 5: Europa League depending on domestic cup 10: Relegation Next Fixtures (GMT): Monday, April 17 Young Boys v Grasshoppers Zurich (1145) FC Lugano v FC Thun (1145) Luzern v St Gallen (1400)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
PARIS, April 6 An U.N.-authorised international military force should intervene in Syria if it is proven that President Bashar al-Assad's government used chemical weapons, French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron said on Thursday.
"An international intervention is needed ... My preference is that there should be an intervention under the auspices of the United Nations. A military intervention," Macron, an independent centrist who is favourite to win the election, said in an interview with France 2 television.
Referring to a suspected Syrian government chemical attack that killed scores of people, including children, in Syria's northwestern province of Idlib on Tuesday, Macron said: "If these deeds are confirmed, it is vital to act strongly." (Reporting by Adrian Croft; Editing by Louise Ireland)
DUBAI, April 3 State-run Bahrain Petroleum Co (Bapco) has started two weeks of negotiations with international contractors to clarify bids to expand the Sitra oil refinery, estimated to cost around $5 billion.
"The negotiations will last at least two weeks and hopefully the award will take place in a month or so," said a source familiar with the matter.
Bapco declined to comment.
Bahrain relies on output from the Abu Safa oil field that it shares with Saudi Arabia for the vast majority of its oil. A new pipeline will replace an ageing 230,000 barrel-per-day (bpd) link and enable the country to expand the processing capacity of the 267,000 bpd Sitra refinery.
Under the Bapco Modernisation Program (BMP), Sitra's capacity will hit 360,000 bpd by adding and replacing a few units.
Four consortia made up of international engineering firms submitted bids in December.
These include Japan's JGC Corp and South Korea's GS; Technip, Tecnicas Reunidas and Samsung Engineering; Fluor, Hyundai Engineering and Construction and Daewoo E&C; CB&I, Petrofac and Japan's Mitsui and Co.
Project financing is expected to take place in the third quarter of this year, said a Bahrain-based investment banker familiar with the matter.
BNP Paribas and HSBC are advising the company on the project financing, which is expected to have 18-year maturity including a four-year construction period.
Late last year, a banking source said the financing could be finalised as early as the first half of 2017.
Wholly owned by the government of Bahrain, Bapco's operations are in the refining, distribution, sale and export of crude oil and refined products. (Reporting by Reem Shamseddine and Davide Barbuscia; editing by Pritha Sarkar)
A trader points up at a display on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange August 20, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo
NEW YORK Health insurer Aetna Inc said on Wednesday it will not sell Obamacare individual insurance plans in Virginia next year, a move it attributed to "growing uncertainty" in the market and $200 million in expected losses on the business this year.
Aetna, which had already sharply curtailed its 2017 participation in this marketplace to cover just four states, said last month that it would leave Iowa. It has not yet announced its plans for Nebraska or Delaware.
It announced its decision on Virginia as Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives worked to try to bring new healthcare legislation to a vote. President Donald Trump and their fellow Republicans in Congress have pledged to overturn and replace the Affordable Care Act, often called Obamacare.
Insurers say they cannot plan amid the uncertainty over future legislation and the prospect for continued government payments, called cost-sharing reduction subsidies, in 2017 and 2018.
Aetna said on Tuesday that it was considering reducing its exposure to the loss-making Obamacare individual business, in which it has a total of 255,000 customers. The number of its Virginia customers was not immediately available.
Virginia's insurance regulator has a May 3 midnight deadline for insurers to submit premium rates for 2018. Aetna was among nine insurers that had given preliminary indication to the department about selling individual plans in Virginia, a department spokesperson said earlier on Wednesday.
(Reporting by Caroline Humer; Editing by Frances Kerry)
The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) logo is seen before the FCC Net Neutrality hearing in Washington February 26, 2015. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas
WASHINGTON The top Democrat in the U.S. House of Representatives on Wednesday urged the Federal Communications Commission to cancel a vote scheduled for Thursday on a measure to reverse a 2016 rule that limits the number of television stations some broadcasters can buy.
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi warned that the changes could be harmful to consumers, hitting their wallets and their access to an independent media voice, as they cited press reports of a possible acquisition by Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI.O) of Tribune Media Co stations (TRCO.N).
Under rules adopted in 1985, stations with weaker over-the-air signals could be partially counted against a broadcaster's ownership cap. But last year, the FCC under Democratic President Barack Obama said those rules were outdated after the 2009 conversion to digital broadcasting - which eliminated the differences in station signal strength - and revoked them in September.
Federal law limits companies to owning stations serving no more than 39 percent of U.S. television households; there is a dispute over whether the FCC has the authority to amend the ownership limits.
The 2016 decision did not require any company to sell existing stations, but could bar new acquisitions. Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA.O) in September challenged the FCC rule in federal court.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in March that they wanted to repeal the Obama FCC decision and "launch a comprehensive review of the national ownership cap" later this year.
In a letter, Pelosi and Representative Frank Pallone, who is the ranking Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, urged Pai to drop the plan, which could allow the Sinclair-Tribune tie-up.
"That would be bad news for consumers in Tribune's markets in two ways: First, consumers would lose an independent voice in their media market; and second, consumers could see their cable bills go up because Sinclair charges cable operators more than Tribune for retransmission consent," they wrote.
Another Democrat, Representative Anna Eshoo, wrote Pai asking them to drop the plan, saying that further consolidation "will ensure there are fewer independent news outlets serving as a counter-balance to misleading or inaccurate information."
Tribune and a spokesperson for Pai both declined comment. Reuters reported in March that Sinclair had approached Tribune to discuss a potential combination, in a deal that would hinge on regulations being relaxed.
Pai's broad FCC ownership review could launch a new wave of consolidation in the broadcast television industry, analysts and companies said.
CBS Corp (CBS.N) lobbyist John Orlando urged the FCC in January to reverse the Obama decision and reinstate the prior rule, citing increased competition.
"Time is of the essence in providing broadcasters the ownership breathing room they so desperately need to compete with other video services," they said, according to a CBS FCC filing. "Our industry has been frozen in time for more than three years.... Since then, our video competitors have marched on unfettered by ownership limits," they said, referring to online outlets and cable companies.
(Reporting by David Shepardson; Additional reporting by Jessica Toonkel in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)
BRUSSELS U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, in their first NATO meeting in Brussels, told allies that the United States will uphold previous agreements and ensure the alliance has the capability to defend itself, including from Russian aggression.
They also pressed allies to meet a defence spending goal of 2 percent of gross domestic product, urging each country to either meet or have a plan in place to fulfill funding commitments to NATO by a May summit of NATO leaders.
(Reporting by Lesley Wroughton; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
FILE PHOTO: Tennis - Australian Open - Melbourne Park, Melbourne, Australia - 28/1/17 Serena Williams of the U.S. hits a shot during their Women's singles final match against Venus Williams of the U.S. . REUTERS/Thomas Peter/File Photo
Serena Williams of the U.S. sits next to the trophy after winning the Women's singles final against sister Venus at the Australian Open tennis tournament in Melbourne, Australia in this handout image taken January 28, 2017. Fiona Hamilton/Courtesy of Tennis Australia/Handout via REUTERS
FILE PHOTO - Tennis - Australian Open - Melbourne Park, Melbourne, Australia - early 29/1/17 Serena Williams of the U.S. poses with the Women's singles trophy after winning their final match. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/Files
Tennis superstar Serena Williams is pregnant and taking maternity leave through the rest of 2017, expecting to give birth this fall, their spokesperson said on Wednesday in an announcement that upended a sport the 35-year-old athlete has dominated for the past decade.
The confirmation came hours after Williams, due to regain to the No. 1 world ranking next week, set off a day of frenzied speculation with a short-lived selfie posted on social media - posing for a photo in a yellow one-piece swimsuit on Snapchat with the caption: "20 weeks."
Williams deleted the photo shortly after it appeared and waited more than six hours to make any public comment, stoking debate among tennis fans about whether or not they were joking.
"I'm happy to confirm Serena is expecting a baby this fall," Los Angeles-based publicist Kelly Bush Novak said.
Bush Novak told Reuters that Williams intended to sit out the remainder of the 2017 season and return next year.
Williams, the world's highest paid female athlete, announced their engagement to Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian last December.
Days ago they seemed to quell speculation about impending motherhood with an Instagram post praising a newly published guidebook for new mothers by former Destiny's Child singer Kelly Rowland, adding in the caption: "One of these days I hope to apply this (but for now I'll stick to my dog Chip)."
If Williams is indeed 20 weeks into their term, that would mean they were approximately two months pregnant when they captured their record 23rd Grand Slam tournament singles title at the Australian Open in January.
Them victory over older sister Venus Williams broke a tie with Steffi Graf for the most Grand Slam singles championships in the sport's modern era. Serena Williams has not played since then, citing a knee injury.
TECHNICALLY A DOUBLES MATCH?
Fans and celebrities reacted with a mixture of awe and glee to Williams' Snapchat post.
"Serena Williams was pregnant when they won their 23rd grand slam tournament at the Australian Open. And did not drop ONE SET. Let that sink in," wrote Twitter user @noelleharmony.
"So Serena cheated," Trevor Noah, the host of "The Daily Show" on Comedy Central, wrote on their Twitter account. "Because that's technically a doubles match."
The Women's Tennis Association congratulated Williams on Twitter before deleting its post.
Tennis' U.S. governing body, the United States Tennis Association, wrote on Facebook, "Join us in congratulating the GOAT and their fiancé Alexis Ohanian on this incredible news!" referring to Williams with the acronym for "Greatest of All Time."
Researchers who study pregnancy in high-performing athletes said their training during pregnancy, the speed of their body's recovery after giving birth and their will power are the keys to Williams returning to top-level play. James Pivarnik, a kinesiology professor at Michigan State University, said their muscular build could overcome some of the changes that usually impair performance.
Other women have left the tour to have children and returned at a high level, although none has done so at Williams' age. Kim Clijsters of Belgium retired and had a child before coming back at age 26 and winning three Grand Slam titles as a mother.
Australians Evonne Goolagong and Margaret Court also won Grand Slam titles after having children.
Former No. 1 Victoria Azarenka of Belarus, 27, missed most of the 2016 season to have a baby and is expected to return to the tour this summer.
"We've seen some other mothers come back ... but will they have enough motivation when they see that little one?" former world No. 1 Hall of Famer Tracy Austin said on the Tennis Channel. "She's already done so much, do they need more?"
For Williams, who commands nearly $29 million in salary and sponsorship earnings, becoming pregnant makes them all the more attractive to corporate sponsors, industry executives said.
Williams is the oldest woman to win a Grand Slam singles title and still dominates the tour at an age when most players have retired.
Williams, who has played professionally for two decades, first gained the No. 1 ranking in 2002 and has held that spot for more than six years in total.
Sister Venus, 36, has won seven Grand Slam singles titles.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto; Additional reporting by Steve Keating in Toronto, Jonathan Allen in New York and Dan Whitcomb in Los Angeles; Writing by Steve Gorman in Los Angeles; Editing by Richard Chang and Bill Trott)
March 31 Verizon Communications Inc
* Verizon positions senior leadership to accelerate delivery of next-generation services
* Verizon - announced a new operating structure focused on three areas: media and telematics, network and technology, and customer and product operations
* Verizon - former Ericsson CEO Hans Vestberg to lead network and technology team
* Verizon - Marni Walden to lead media and telematics; John Stratton to lead customer and product operations Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A burnt out car is seen in front of the remains of the University of Mosul, which was burned and destroyed during a battle with Islamic State militants. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
People walk in front of the remains of the University of Mosul. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
Workers clean debris of the remains of the University of Mosul. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
General view of the remains of the University of Mosul. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
A worker cleans debris of the remains of the University of Mosul. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
Iraq's Federal Police member pours tea at the entrance of the University of Mosul. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
People walk in front of the remains of the University of Mosul, which was burned and destroyed during a battle with Islamic State militants, in Mosul, Iraq, April 10, 2017. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
A woman walks in front of the remains of the University of Mosul. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
MOSUL, Iraq Professors were among the workers who turned up on Monday to clear away rubble and prepare for a resumption of classes at the renowned University of Mosul, wrecked by the militants of Islamic State.
The Sunni Islamists looted the university after seizing Iraq's second largest city in 2014. They set faculties and a treasured library on fire during days of fighting with government forces who pushed them out of the campus in January.
The sprawling campus has been mostly deserted since then as soldiers painstakingly removed booby traps planted by the group. But on Monday professors, administrative staff and cleaners joined hands to sweep away debris and assess the damage.
"We want to resume teaching soon. We want to do what is possible after all this destruction and war," said Atta Allah Fahad Mikhlef, a biology professor.
They were collecting glass flasks which had survived a fire set by the militants in a laboratory, and loading them into boxes to take to classrooms.
Officials have not given a date for the resumption of studies and there is still no power. But the scene is one of the signs of normality returning to eastern Mosul as displaced people return home and shops reopen.
That contrasts with life in western Mosul, 700 metres from the university on the other bank of the Tigris. Artillery fire could be heard on Monday from the Old City, where Islamic State fighters are still holed up.
"Laboratory equipment has been destroyed and will be difficult to replace inside Iraq. Priceless books have been destroyed," Mikhlef said. "But we have some materials left."
FORBIDDEN IDEAS
The militants set the ground floor of their faculty on fire. In one room, they had poured tar over three chairs but appear to have perhaps been in too much of a hurry to torch them before leaving.
Algebraic formulas written years ago, during one of the last teaching sessions, remained on a white board.
Another room was full of biology books, still in their plastic wrappers, which had luckily survived the destruction despite containing such forbidden ideas as evolution.
With the library gone another professor, Abdelaziz Safhan, had brought in a few books and materials downloaded from the internet.
"If we get electricity we can resume work," they said, standing in front of their empty old classroom. "The chemistry ovens work fine."
In an administrative building, cleaners threw charred furniture out of a first-floor window.
Some buildings remain off limits as the army has yet to clear all booby traps. Others were destroyed in an air strike in 2016 against a suspected Islamic State chemical weapons laboratory.
During the Islamic State occupation, Baghdad stopped money transfers to Mosul to prevent the group from seizing the funds.
"The government seems to have forgotten us. We haven't been paid for three years," Mikhlef said.
"But we want to work. The university is my home."
(Editing by Andrew Roche)
March 30 Mediclin AG:
* For 2017 management board forecasts group sales growth similar to previous year, that is between 4.0 pct and 5.0 pct and a group-EBIT slightly above previous year's level between 25 und 27 million euros
* FY group sales in amount of 580.3 million euros ($622.4 million) increased compared to previous year by 25.0 million euros or 4.5 pct
* FY EBIT rose from 23.6 million euros to 24.0 million euros. Result attributable to shareholders amounts to 16.5 million euros, same as in 2015 financial year Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9323 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
CARACAS (Reuters) - The Venezuelan government has recovered some weapons stolen in the Aug. 6 attack on a military base, and a manhunt now includes arrest requests for alleged anti-government plotters hiding in Miami, the nation's intelligence chief said on Sunday.
In a dramatic escalation of Venezuela's political crisis, a group of current and former military officials attacked a base near the city of Valencia after they called for a general uprising against socialist President Nicolas Maduro.
Their government has called the incident a "terrorist attack" and accused the political opposition and the United States, Venezuela's ideological foe, of helping those trying to unseat him.
After a manhunt began, ringleader Juan Carlos Caguaripano, a former National Guard captain, was caught on Friday. The head of the Sebin intelligence service said in a televised broadcast on Sunday that 17 other people had been detained, flashing their portraits on the screen.
"We've also recovered part of the weapons cache stolen from the nation," Gustavo Gonzalez said, mentioning 21 Kalashnikov AK-103 assault rifles, three grenade launchers, and pistols.
Some 23 suspected plotters are still on the run, said Gonzalez, adding that Interpol arrest orders were out for people including a retired military official and a journalist in Miami.
Among those detained and wanted are "political actors, military deserters, business people and groups that participated in the April 11, 2002, coup" that resulted in the brief overthrow of late leader Hugo Chavez, Gonzalez said.
More than 120 people have been killed during four months of sustained anti-government protests and unrest in Venezuela, which is rich in oil but whose economy is ailing.
The opposition says Maduro's authoritarian government has blocked off options for democratic change, heightening chances of a military uprising or violent protest tactics.
(Adds background, details) NEW YORK, March 30 The amount of U.S. commercial paper outstanding recorded its largest weekly increase but remained below the $1 trillion mark amid muted demand from money market funds, Federal Reserve data released on Thursday showed. U.S. seasonally adjusted commercial paper (CP) outstanding rose $18.2 billion to $983.9 billion in the week ended March 29. This was the biggest gain since a $20.5 billion increase in the week ended Dec. 28. Companies issue CP to raise cash to finance inventories and payrolls, while financial institutions use proceeds from this short-term debt to fund trades. Assets of prime money funds, which had been major buyers of commercial paper, have not recovered after losing about $1 trillion last year from conversions into government-only funds and investors withdrawing money from them due to stricter regulations. Institutional prime money funds lost $463.8 million in assets to $141.8 billion in the week ended March 28, while retail prime funds gained $87.9 million to $253.7 billion, according to iMoneynet. Last October, seasonally adjusted commercial paper outstanding hit its lowest in at least 16 years at $902.9 billion. However, non-seasonally adjusted commercial paper outstanding, which some analysts consider a more reliable reading than the seasonally adjusted one since it has been distorted by the financial crisis, fell $3.6 billion to $975.7 billion. (Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by James Dalgleish)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
LONDON, April 12 Sterling hit its highest level in over a week against the dollar and a 12-day high versus the euro on Wednesday, after data on British wage growth beat expectations.
Workers' total earnings including bonuses rose by an annual 2.3 percent in the three months to February, unchanged from the previous period, but above economists' expectations of 2.2 percent.
The unemployment rate held steady at an almost 12-year low of 4.7 percent, in line with forecasts.
Sterling, which was trading at $1.2500 ahead of the data, rose 20 ticks to hit its highest level in nine days against the dollar at $1.2520. It was up 0.2 percent on the day.
It reversed early losses to turn higher against the euro, and hit a 12-day high of 84.80 pence per euro.
British government bond futures briefly dipped after the data while stock markets were little changed. (Reporting by Ritvik Carvalho and David Milliken; Editing by John Geddie)
LONDON (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday that a Brexit transition period will be agreed with the European Union in seven weeks as they try to ease concerns that a deal may take longer to reach.
The EU has offered Britain a status quo transition until the end of 2020 after Brexit. Both sides are aiming to reach a transition agreement by the end of March that will form part of the final withdrawal treaty to be agreed later this year.
But there is disagreement inside May's Conservative Party over some details such as the status of EU citizens during the transition and the scope of European Court of Justice jurisdiction.
Many businesses and banks are concerned a battle over the terms of a transition could delay or even sink an agreement just months before Britain exits the EU on March 29, 2019.
“In seven weeks time, we will have an agreement with the European Union, that is the timetable they have said on an implementation period,” May told the BBC in an interview in China.
“What the British people voted for is for us to take back control of our money, our borders and our laws and that's exactly what we are going to do,” May said of Brexit.
The EU and Britain hope to hammer out a deal on Britain's exit and the outline of a trade package by October 2018.
But some EU officials have begun to voice concern that a plan to have the leaders endorse negotiating guidelines for a new phase of talks to begin in April on a future trade agreement may be in danger of slipping if May does not spell out what Britain's demands are for that trade pact.
Once May does so, the EU will need some weeks to prepare its own negotiating proposals. Once adopted by leaders in March, negotiations could then begin with a few weeks.
However, if the March deadline is missed, there would be a risk of waiting until the next full EU summit, which is not planned until late June, creating a very tight deadline to agree a broad political declaration of future trade plans.
“We still expect to be able to have the trade guidelines for the March summit,” one senior EU official said. “But Theresa May is being so discreet. If they don't say what they want, we may not be able to prepare our position in time.”
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp. (SMBC) incoming President Makoto Takashima poses for a photo after an interview with Reuters at the bank's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, March 15, 2017. Picture taken March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp. (SMBC) incoming President Makoto Takashima speaks during an interview with Reuters at the bank's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, March 15, 2017. Picture taken March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp. (SMBC) incoming President Makoto Takashima speaks during an interview with Reuters at the bank's headquarters in Tokyo, Japan, March 15, 2017. Picture taken March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
TOKYO The new head of Japan's Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp (SMBC) said it is "actively studying" an acquisition of a U.S. bank, as part of efforts to seek a reliable dollar funding source for future growth.
Securing cheap, stable dollar funding has been a major challenge for Japanese banks, which have been aggressively expanding overseas as they have been hit by ultra-low interest rates and weak loan demand at home for years.
"As we expand globally, a diversified and stable source of the world's largest hard currency is extremely important," Makoto Takashima, who was promoted from senior managing director to president on Saturday, told Reuters in an interview.
"Even for our Asia operations, the capability to secure dollar funding is crucial," they said.
They said their bank has been shifting to more stable dollar sources such as deposits by corporate clients from short-term market funding like commercial papers.
As a result, the bank's dollar funding is enough to cover loan demands. "But the core funding source is retail deposits. And to be honest, we want that source when we think about our future growth," they said.
SMBC is a core banking unit of Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group (SMFG) (8316.T), which posted a 22 percent drop in net profit in the quarter ending in December due to the low interest rate environment.
Japanese banks are among the most aggressive buyers of overseas assets in recent years. SMFG spent a total of $1.5 billion in 2013 and 2014 to buy 40 percent of PT Bank Tabungan Pensiunan Nasional Tbk (BTPN.JK) (BTPN) of Indonesia.
Unlike cross-town rival Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group (8306.T), which owns California-based Union Bank, SMFG does not have a retail footprint in the United States.
But a recent surge in U.S. financial stocks .SPXBK, up more than 20 percent since early November, has made an acquisition of a U.S. bank too expensive for now, Takashima said.
"It would have been feasible right after the collapse of Lehman Brothers (in 2008), when prices were cheap. But an acquisition now would be a very painful burden on our capital," they said.
Takashima, 59, is a life-long insider, starting their career at Sumitomo Bank. A rarity among Japanese bank chiefs, they spent most of their career in international operations, including 11 years in the United States.
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Randy Fabi)
ST. LOUIS: In a move electrifying the world of chess, former world champion Garry Kasparov is coming out of a 12-year retirement — if only briefly — to take on a new generation of players who have long worshipped them as the closest thing to a “chess god.”
Kasparov utterly dominated the sport from 1985 to 2000. Since their withdrawal from a tournament in Linares, Spain in March 2005, the Russian's absence has left many chess fanatics feeling orphaned.
So there was considerable surprise when they agreed to play in the new Rapid and Blitz tournament in St. Louis, Missouri, which follows closely after the annual Sinquefield Cup competition, a major stop on the world tour, in the same city on the Mississippi River.
Kasparov, who became the youngest world champion ever at age 22 in 1985, is now 54, more than a decade past the age when professional chess players typically retire.
Indeed, in a Facebook posting early Sunday, they made clear that the Rapid and Blitz tournament represents “not an end to my retirement from chess, only a five-day hiatus.”
They added, “I have no plans to play after this event.”
From Monday to Saturday, the Russian will put aside the business that has kept them busy in retirement — their vocal and determined opposition to President Vladimir Putin — to play against some of chess's big guns, like fellow Russian Sergey Karjakin.
The world's current No. 1 player, Magnus Carlsen of Norway, will not be there, however.
Still, the return to competition of the Azerbaijan-born Kasparov — a man once dubbed the “Beast of Baku,” whose epic clashes with Anatoli Karpov are part of chess legend — has had an explosive impact in the chess world, particularly in St. Louis.
‘To see this dude play'
“Everyone is talking about it,” American chess grandmaster Alejandro Ramirez told AFP. “People are flying from India and China to see this dude play.”
Kasparov's long and “unparalleled” dominance of the chess world made them “a cultural icon,” said Ramirez, a US Open champion who coaches the chess team at Saint Louis University.
The younger generation, which Ramirez sees emerging almost by the day, “certainly looks up to him,” they said. “His contribution to chess theory and our understanding of the game resonate still today.”
But what are Kasparov's realistic chances after so many years away from the grueling competition of professional chess?
“Garry Kasparov has always had a fighting spirit second to none, and they are extremely competitive,” Ramirez said. “But they are still going to be facing very stiff competition,” including “some of the best of the best of the world.”
The man themselves sought to “manage expectations,” quipping in their Facebook post Sunday that “at the age of 54 I would have as much hope of returning to my chess form of age 40 as to my hairline of age 20!”
The high-pressure, speed-chess format of the St. Louis tournament, where players are forced to make their moves far more rapidly than during normal competitions, could be tough on the graying Kasparov, as they take on much younger players who specialize in that approach.
“I expect them to be fighting for the top spots, but I would be surprised if they win it all,” said Ramirez, 29, who became a grandmaster at age 15.
Their ‘incredible aura'
But in a tournament that will include four of the world's top 10 players, Kasparov is not expected to be a pushover, said Sylvain Ravot of France, who has a master rating.
“His sense of the game, their passion for winning, their experience and their reflexes should all help them do well, perhaps even land in the top three, even if it will be much harder for him,” Ravot said in an interview, while emphasizing Kasparov's “incredible aura.”
Accustomed to being a step ahead of the field, the Russian “chose the venue well — more or less within their reach — for their comeback,” Ravot said, adding that the mere fact of Kasparov's return might be more important than their actual performance.
“It's a bit like Pete Sampras making a comeback” to tennis, they said.
Kasparov would appear to be motivated more by love of the game than anything else. Though the winner's purse in St. Louis is a not-paltry $150,000, the grandmaster said they would donate any winnings to promote chess in Africa.
Kasparov did in fact return to the game, though only in informal capacity, once before, in 2015. They played a friendly match against Nigel Short — 10 years after formally bowing out of professional competition.
Kasparov did not appear to have lost a step: They crushed their British opponent, 8 to 1.
AFP
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
BRIEF-Sonoscape Medical to pay A share annual div for FY 2016 on June 22
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 0.33 yuan(before tax)/10 shares for 2016 to shareholders of record on June 21
Soccer Football - Brazil's Chapecoense v Colombia's Atletico Nacional - Recopa Sudamericana first leg final- Arena Conda stadium, Chapeco, Brazil - 4/4/17. Players of Chapecoense Neto (R), Jackson Follmann (L) and Alan Ruschel are honored before the match against Atletico Nacional. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
Soccer Football - Brazil's Chapecoense v Colombia's Atletico Naciona - Recopa Sudamericana first leg final - Arena Conda stadium, Chapeco, Brazil - 4/4/17. Fans of Chapecoense cheer for their team. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
Soccer Football - Brazil's Chapecoense v Colombia's Atletico Nacional - Recopa Sudamericana first leg final- Arena Conda stadium, Chapeco, Brazil - 4/4/17. Macnelly Berrio (R) of Colombia's Atletico Nacional reacts with Daniel Ortiz and Diego Hincapie (L) after scoring a goal. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
Soccer Football - Brazil's Chapecoense v Colombia's Atletico Nacional - Recopa Sudamericana first leg final- Arena Conda stadium, Chapeco, Brazil - 4/4/17. Luiz Antonio (R) of Brazil's Chapecoense in action with Diego Hincapie of Atletico Nacional. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
Soccer Football - Brazil's Chapecoense v Colombia's Atletico Naciona - Recopa Sudamericana first leg final- Arena Conda stadium, Chapeco, Brazil - 4/4/17. Reinaldo (R) of Brazil's Chapecoense celebrates their goal with Rossi and Tulio de Melo (L) of Brazil's Chapecoense after scoring. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
São Paulo Chapecoense beat Atletico Nacional 2-1 in the first leg of their South American Supercup final on Tuesday as the game was marked by memorials to those killed in an air crash before the teams' scheduled Copa Sudamericana final last November.
The match was the first between the sides since all but three of the Brazilian team and their staff perished as their plane crashed on approach to Medellin last year.
Only six of the 77 on board survived the crash.
Organisers laid on pre-match shows and post-match fireworks for Tuesday's clash, which was billed as 'The Gratitude Game'.
Fans also launched one minute's applause in the 71st minute of the game to commemorate those who died.
The home fans, eager to repay the support given to their players and staff in Colombia immediately after the accident, also applauded the visitors' goal, a stunning 25-yard equaliser from Macnelly Torres in the second half.
The home side had gone 1-0 up through a Reinaldo penalty after 23 minutes before Torres equalised 13 minutes into the second half.
Chapecoense regained the lead with a header from substitute Luiz Antonio 17 minutes from time.
The return leg is scheduled for May 10 in Medellin.
(Reporting by Andrew Downie; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
LONDON, March 31 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Young LGBT people estranged from their families will be at particular risk of homelessness after new cuts to housing benefits for young people come into force in Britain on Saturday, charities and activists say.
From April 1, 18-21 year olds who aren't already receiving benefits will no longer be entitled unless they can prove they fall under an exemption - including that they have children or that living with their parents will put them at risk of harm.
Paul Noblet, spokesperson for homelessness charity Centrepoint, said the new rule put at risk young lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people whose families did not accept their sexuality. Proving they were estranged from their families would be difficult for those who are vulnerable, they said.
"Centrepoint believes this policy will increase the number of young people in desperate circumstances slipping through the safety net and being forced into homelessness," they said.
"Housing benefit is a lifeline for young people who cannot live in the family home, not a lifestyle choice. Young LGBT people whose families cannot accept their sexuality are a prime example of that."
Homeless support worker Joshua Booth, 20, who works part-time on a flexible contract, said without benefits they couldn't afford to move out of their family home in Warrington, northwest England, despite the strain living there puts on their parents.
They said it was unfair they were now a year away from eligibility for benefits due to the change introduced by the ruling Conservative party. "It feels really arbitrary because I'll be the same person, I'll have the same job, I'll be doing the same things."
In an emailed statement to the Thomson Reuters Foundation, a spokesperson for the Department of Work and Pensions said the exemptions were "fair and robust".
"We want to make sure that 18 to 21-year-olds do not slip straight into a life on benefits, which is why we are helping young people get the training, skills and experience they need to move into a job and build a career," the spokesperson said. (Reporting by Sally Hayden @sallyhayd, Editing by Ros Russell.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
April 20 Abb Ltd
* CEO Ulrich Spiesshofer says looking at m&a opportunities in electrification products, bolt ons in robotics and motion
* Ceo says one-off gains amount to net of around $200 million in first quarter
* Ceo says base order growth shows company heading in right direction
* Ceo says korea theft is contained to only that country, have taken measures to prevent another case including replacing employees
* Ceo says has active and constructive dialogue with cevian Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
BRIEF-Funds managed by Nationale-Nederlanden PTE increase stake in LARQ
* SAID ON WEDNESDAY THAT AS A RESULT OF ACQUIRING THE COMPANY'S SHARES IN A PRIVATE OFFERING THE FUNDS MANAGED BY NATIONALE-NEDERLANDEN POWSZECHNE TOWARZYSTWO EMERYTALNE SA (NATIONALE-NEDERLANDEN PTE) INCREASED THEIR STAKE IN THE COMPANY TO 7.82 PERCENT FROM 3.17 PERCENT
BERLIN, Aug 13 (Reuters) - Martin Schulz, the main challenger to Chancellor Angela Merkel in Germany's Sept. 24 election, accused the country's auto executives on Sunday of putting the industry at risk by failing to plan for the future.
The future of the auto sector, Germany's biggest exporter and provider of some 800,000 jobs, has become a hot election issue as politicians pile blame on executives and each other for the sector's battered reputation after an emissions scandal.
Schulz, leader of the left-leaning Social Democratic Party (SPD), took aim at what they described as "irresponsible managers" in the sector.
"The problem is, we are living through a situation in Germany in which managers worth millions at VW, at Daimler, have fallen asleep and forgotten the future," they told broadcaster ZDF.
The crisis in the sector blew up when Volkswagen admitted to cheating U.S. emissions tests almost two years ago.
VW, along with German manufacturers BMW, Daimler , Audi and Porsche are also being investigated by European regulators for alleged anti-competitive collusion.
Seeking to restore the industry's reputation, politicians - though not Merkel themselves - and car bosses agreed earlier this month to overhaul engine software on 5.3 million diesel cars to cut pollution.
Former Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, themselves a former member of VW's supervisory board, accused Merkel of neglecting their duties by going on holiday rather than chairing the talks with industry bosses on diesel emissions.
"I don't want to spoil anyone's holiday. But here I would have taken charge personally. It is all far too important," Schroeder, a Social Democrat who Merkel defeated in 2005, told Swiss tabloid newspaper Blick.
On Saturday, Merkel kicked off their re-election campaign with a stinging attack on German auto executives, pressing them to innovate to secure jobs, and win back trust lost by a diesel emissions scandal.
Merkel, whose government has faced pressure for being too close to powerful carmakers, and Schulz are both concerned that the sector is being too slow to embrace electric cars. Neither appears to have profited much from the auto debate so far.
An Emnid opinion poll for Sunday's Bild am Sonntag weekly newspaper showed support for Merkel's conservative bloc at 38 percent, unchanged from a week earlier, with the SPD gaining one point to 24 percent.
The two parties rule in a "grand coalition". Although Merkel's conservatives command a comfortable lead over rivals, a fractured political landscape could make forming a power-sharing alliance with a smaller party difficult after the election.
The Emnid poll put support for the far-left Left party at 10 points, with the pro-business Free Democrats (FDP) and the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) both on 8 points, and the environmentalist Greens on 7 points.
UPDATE 1-MOVES-Bank of America prime brokerage executive jumps to RBC
NEW YORK, June 14 Jonathan Yalmokas has resigned as Bank of America Corp's head of prime brokerage in the Americas to lead an equity financing business at Royal Bank of Canada, a person familiar with the move said on Wednesday.
I would like to defer the ending of my article titled “No to the Philippines' hosting of 2019 SEA Games,” to give way to this piece congratulating the Philippine Swimming League (PSL) swimmers who had just pulled off a five-peat in the 2017 SICC Invitational Swimming Championship held at the Singapore Island Country Club.
All the 75 members of the PSL team contributed to achieving this goal of winning the championship over the host team Singapore and other strong rivals such as China, Malaysia, Thailand and India.
It is really a combined effort of officials, coaches and parents—all of them I salute for a job well done.
Heading to Singapore, I was overwhelmed by the task of providing the travel requirements of the 75 swimmers with ages varying from six to 18 years old but thanks to all our supporters all went well.
Arriving in Singapore, four tourist buses were used to bring the 160-person Philippine delegation to the hotel and tournament venue.
On August 11, the swimmers, our supporters and I met at the Singapore Island Country Club to get the feel of the water and the competition site.
Everyone got excited seeing the picture of the American team that acclimatized in the venue for the 2012 Beijing Olympics with Joseph Schooling, who won over Michael Phelps for the gold in the 100-meter butterfly event of the Rio Olympics last year.
The first day of competition started on August 12. Upon reaching the venue, a short prayer was offered for the swimmers and to glorify God.
The nine-year old swimmer, Trump Christian Luistro won the first gold for the Philippines in the 200m freestyle event. The second and third medals followed via the record-breaking performances of Kyla Soguilon and Micaela Jasmine Mojdeh. I lost count in the morning session, as we exceeded our goal of 20 gold medals for the two-day competition.
Mojdeh clocked 1:10.49 in the 100m. butterfly breaking 1:11.89 record of Schooling in 2006. Take note that Schooling beat Phelps during the Rio Olympics.
What is amazing is Mojdeh was born in 2006, the same year when Schooling notched the record they broke.
August 13, the final day of the competition, was started with prayers for God's mercy and wisdom.
I can still recall the year 2010, when then PASA president Mark Joseph tried to stop our swimmers from joining the SICC meet. They failed. Thanks to the father of Joseph Schooling as well as FINA President, Larfoui for defending the Philippines' participation in the meet.
The PSL emerged as overall champion anew in the final day of the tournament with a total of 194 medals won (72 gold, 67 silver, 55 bronze) and breaking 24 meet records.
The gold medalists were Kiara Acierto, Kristin Vy Austria, Lee Grant Cabral, Richelle Anne Raine Callera, Rey Angelo Capistrano, Kevin Bryle Chan, Alexandra Louise Cortes, Paul Christian Cusing, Lucio Cuyong II, Risha Melvin De Guzman, Marc Bryan Dula, Martina Anela Estrella, Aishel Cid Evangelista, Master Charles Janda, Trump Christian Luistro, Micaela Jasmine Mojdeh, Andrea Jheremy Pacheco, Neil Christian Salvador, Nathan Sason, Kyla Soguilon. Silver medalists are Jayani Nathanielle Balutan, Jeanne Dominic Bongotan, Nathan Anthony Cheng, Leodd Troy Dalman, Chad Russell Espinas, Enzo lzak Ben Malayang, Gregg Alexander Marasigan, Ann Gabrielle Purisima, Bea Marie Quiambao, Coby Marcos Rivilla, Albert Sermonia II, Jenn Albreicht Sermonia, Triza Haileyana Tabamo, Arbeen Miguel Thruelen, Heather Linasan White and Bronze medalist are Hannah Nicole Ataza, Armaine Victoria Bayubay, Tara Beard, Paula Carmela Cusing, Jindsy Azze Dasion, Rowena Marielle De Guzman, Elaine Mae Galang, Jude Agustin Gapultos, Chloe Sophia Laurente, Danielle Kyra Pelayo, Marinoelle Angela Sergio and Ruben William White.
Not to be forgotten are the swimmers who shone in the relays, namely Ma. Andrea Rainelda Abalos, Ma. Veronika Abalos, Gwyneth Anne Annayo, Alister Archer Corpuz, Marian Faith Fernandez, Alexi Lucile Gapultos, Louise Emiel Ligutan, Mac Arsen Quiambao, Kate Zaira Roberto, Sharmaine Sumampong, Geoel Micole Agcaracar, Recz Edward Agustin, Holly Beard, Mikhaela Bliss Dula, Jacob Ethan Gapultos, Marielle Charlize Montenegro, Arabella Resado, Uno Jenkin Resado, Seth Lian Romero, Max Anthony Rosario, John Xavier Salinel, Ethan Cris Sergio, Vaughn Benedict Tirazona, Raine Andrei Tumulac, Francino Archer Corpuz, Anton Rafaele Malayang and John Leo Paul Salibio.
The PSL also wants to thank the Philippine Sports Commission, Senator Nikki Coseteng and Sonia Baltazar for sponsoring some of the swimmers.
And lastly, to the officials, coaches and parents that volunteered their services during the competition among them Maria Susan Benasa, Guia Llaguno, Joan Melissa Mojdeh, Stephanie Sablan and coaches Cezar Castro III, Ariel Compas, Tristan Tabamo, Alexandre Papa and Ruben Thruelen – MABUHAY PO KAYONG LAHAT!
NEW YORK U.S. mortgage application activity decreased for a second week, retreating further from a near four-month peak, even as borrowing costs fell sharply in step with bond yields, Mortgage Bankers Association data released on Wednesday showed.
The industry group said its measure on mortgage applications dipped 0.8 percent to 403.6 in the week ended March 24. Two weeks ago, it was 418.1, which was the highest level since 460.30 in the week ended Nov. 18.
Average interest rates on 30-year, fixed-rate conforming mortgages, the most widely held type of U.S. home loan, dropped to 4.33 percent from 4.46 percent, which was the highest level since April 2014. The size of the drop was the biggest since the first week of January.
Conforming loans are those with balances of $424,100 or less and that qualify for guarantees from federal mortgage agencies Fannie Mae (FNMA.PK) and Freddie Mac (FMCC.PK).
Benchmark U.S. Treasury yields fell last week on doubts that U.S. President Donald Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress can deliver tax cuts and infrastructure spending Wall Street had hoped for. [nL2N1H40U8]
U.S. 10-year Treasury yield US10YT=RR hit a near one-month low at 2.348 percent on Monday after House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan on Friday shelved a bill to overhaul the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, when there was not enough votes to pass it.
Mortgage rates on other home loans that the MBA tracks fell from the preceding week. The average 30-year rate on loans backed by the Federal Housing Administration fell to 4.24 percent from last week's 4.33 percent, which was the highest since January 2014.
The group's seasonally adjusted gauge of applications to refinance an existing home loan fell 2.9 percent to 1,327.1.
The share of refinancing applications declined to 44.0 percent, its smallest since October 2008 from 45.1 percent the prior week, MBA said.
On the other hand, the MBA's seasonally adjusted gauge of purchase application activity, a proxy for future home sales, edged up 1.2 percent to 238.1.
The share of applications for adjustable-rate mortgages contracted to 8.5 percent from last week's 9.0 percent, which was the largest since October 2014.
(Reporting by Richard Leong; Editing by Alistair Bell)
March 31 Bofi Holding Inc
* BOFI Holding Inc - provided comments regarding "recent news coverage"
* BOFI Holding Inc - company has received no indication of, and has no knowledge regarding, purported money laundering investigation
* BOFI Holding Inc - BOFI Federal Bank and co "remain in strong regulatory standing with no enforcement actions"
* BOFI Holding - do not foresee any future impact to underlying business as a result of "frivolous allegations" or their current repetition in press
* BOFI Holding - outside law firm advised audit committee that it found no support for allegations set forth in employment complaint by Charles Erhart Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
May 2 Solaris Oilfield Infrastructure Inc:
* Solaris Oilfield Infrastructure Inc sees IPO of 10.6 million shares of class A common stock
* Solaris Oilfield Infrastructure Inc says IPO price of class a common stock is expected to be between $15.00 and $18.00 per share
* Solaris Oilfield Infrastructure Inc says intends to contribute all ipo net proceeds to Solaris Llc in exchange for Solaris Llc units Source text for Eikon:
UPDATE 1-Synthetic crude rises on extended Syncrude oil sands cuts
CALGARY, Alberta, June 14 The price of oil sands synthetic crude strengthened on Wednesday after the majority owner in the Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta said maintenance on the facility had been extended.
LIMA Peruvian police are evaluating the possible expulsion of two foreigners for "inciting" rural communities to protest against the Hudbay Minerals mining company, which owns a copper mine in the nation, the country's interior ministry said on Sunday.
The police, the ministry said, had requested documents from U.S. citizen John Dougherty, 61, and Canadian citizen Jennifer Moore, 42, who entered Peru earlier in April while claiming to be tourists.
"The authorities have abundant information that documents that their condition (as tourists) has not been complied with, as they have dedicated themselves to inciting townspeople ... against Canadian mining activity in Peru, in particular against the Constancia mine owned by the Hudbay company," the ministry said in a statement.
"The conduct of the foreigners is causing a change in public order ... meaning the application of expulsion measures would be appropriate," it added.
Hudbay temporarily suspended operations at its Constancia mine in November, in the midst of protests by rural Peruvians, who blocked highways demanding development projects such as schools they said the company had committed to building.
Neither of the two foreigners in question could be reached for comment, and nobody was available to comment at the Canadian embassy in Peruvian capital Lima.
Peru is the world's third largest copper producer, and mining is crucial for the national economy.
(Reporting by Teresa Cespedes; Writing by Gram Slattery; Editing by Chris Reese)
April 20 Card Factory Plc:
* Appointment of Kristian (Kris) Lee to board as chief financial officer
* Lee will succeed Darren Bryant who, as announced on Jan. 26, is to retire from role after eight years with group
* Lee's appointment will take effect at a date to be agreed once their departure date from Edinburgh Woollen Mill has been finalised
* Lee's current employment terms include a twelve month notice period Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
April 28 China Rapid Finance Ltd
* China Rapid Finance announces pricing of initial public offering
* China Rapid Finance Ltd says its initial public offering of 10,000,000 American Depositary Shares was priced at US$6.00 per ADS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
DAR ES SALAAM Tanzanian President John Magufuli on Friday ordered the immediate dismissal of more than 9,900 civil servants after a nationwide verification of academic credentials uncovered workers with forged school and college certificates.
Elected in October 2015, Magufuli has dismissed several senior officials, including the head of the government's anti-graft body, the tax chief, a senior rail official and head of the port authority as part of a wider anti-corruption drive.
Businesses have long complained that corruption and government inefficiency were major obstacles to investing in Tanzania.
The crackdown on fake degree holders comes after another purge launched in March last year discovered more than 19,700 "ghost workers" on the East African nation's public sector payroll."We have been working hard to create new jobs while there are people in government who hold fake degrees," Magufuli said after receiving a report on academic fraud in the civil service.The government had also been losing 238 billion shillings ($107 million) each year to "ghost workers" who had now been removed from the public payroll, they said.Tanzania spends more than $260 million per month to pay civil servants' salaries. The government believes the public wage bill is bloated, with more than 550,000 civil servants at national and local levels.
Magufuli ordered officials to "name and shame" wrongdoers by publishing a list of all civil servants with forged academic qualifications."These people occupied government positions but had no qualifications ... they robbed us just like other common criminals," they said.Magufuli said the audit had also found that the academic records of more than 1,500 civil servants were used by multiple people, while over 11,500 government employees had incomplete academic records.
(Reporting by Fumbuka Ng'wanakilala; Editing by Janet Lawrence)
May 2 Aetna Inc
* Aetna CFO says expects 2017 individual loss to be about one-half the size of 2016 loss, has 0ne-quarter of 2016 membership
* Aetna CEO says in discussions with CVS Health regarding its pharmacy benefit management conract, which in place until 2020 Further company coverage: (Reporting By Caroline Humer)
March 30 Petrowest Corp
* Petrowest Corporation announces refinancing update; corporate review update; and 2016 annual and fourth quarter financial results
* Petrowest Corp - continues to work towards a refinancing of its existing bank loans and has received proposals from numerous financial sources
* Petrowest Corp- Petrowest anticipates closing refinancing in April 2017
* Qtrly reported revenue of $34.0 million, a decrease of $6.3 million compared to same quarter in 2015 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
April 13 Touchcorp Ltd
* Co has received a confidential, conditional, unsolicited, indicative and non-binding expression of interest to acquire company's operating assets
* Has considered indicative proposal and has determined that it does not constitute a superior proposal as defined in the agreement with Afterpay
* Touchcorp continues to pursue Afterpay Merger Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LISBON A failed bidder for Portugal's third-largest lender Novo Banco has asked its lawyers to block the 1 billion euro (836.70 billion pounds) sale to U.S. fund Lone Star and told the central bank it should relaunch the bidding.
London-based financial firm Aethel Partners complained to the Bank of Portugal this week in a document viewed by Reuters. It said the central bank had not properly considered its 3.8 billion euro bid when it awarded Novo Banco to Lone Star last month.
European Union rules require Portugal to sell the bank by August or it may have to be liquidated. The move by Aethel threatens to further complicate a transaction that is already snagged on a separate legal dispute involving some of Novo Banco's creditors.
The sale is one of the Socialist government's biggest headaches and could impose costs on a country that made huge efforts to cut its budget deficit since the eurozone debt crisis when it had to be bailed out.
"Aethel has already instructed its lawyers in Portugal to rapidly find a way to suspend the (sales) process and block the decision to sell Novo Banco to Lone Star," a spokesperson for Aethel told Reuters.
"The execution of these judicial proceedings (seeking information and documents) may lead to an injunction and then to an action to challenge the decision."
The bondholders' legal challenge also says the tender process did not follow correct procedures by banning them from taking part in the sale because they were in a legal battle with the country.
The Aethel spokesperson said it would request information and documents from the central bank on the sales process.
A Bank of Portugal spokesperson declined to comment on potential legal action by Aethel. A spokesperson for Lone Star declined to comment on the challenge to the deal.
Novo Banco was carved out of Banco Espirito Santo, which collapsed under a pile of debt in 2014 and had to be rescued in a 4.9-billion-euro operation by the previous government. Novo Banco was left with the healthy operations of BES.
The current government has said it will not spend any taxpayers money on Novo Banco.
The European Union deadline was set under new rules designed to ensure governments did not end up owning rescued banks. The rules say that if the bank is not sold, it must be liquidated. A first attempt to sell it in 2015 failed as bids were too low.
The sale of Novo Banco already faces an injunction in a case filed by bondholders led by U.S. fund BlackRock that want to recover 1.5 billion euros of losses on Novo Banco bonds.
The bondholders asked a Lisbon court this month to stop the sale to put pressure on Portugal to pay them their losses. The court has yet to rule on the injunction request and has not publicly stated when it will hand down a decision.
If the sales process were to be relaunched, other firms could potentially enter the bidding, including Aethel.
Aethel had offered to pay 2.8 billion euros into the country's bank resolution fund, the entity which formally owns Novo Banco, and make a 1 billion euro capital injection into the bank itself. In return, it wanted 91 percent of Novo Banco.
Instead, the central bank agreed to sell 75 percent of Novo Banco to Lone Star in return for a 1 billion euro capital injection into the bank.
Aethel Partners was established in 2014. It was founded by Ricardo Santos Silva, former deputy president of hedge fund Lyxor Asset Management, and Aba Rosa Schubert, who was previously a partner at Eton Park Capital Management, a hedge fund.
Since the rescue in 2014, Novo Banco has posted only one quarterly profit and remains lumbered by bad loans, debt and restructuring costs.
(Reporting By Sergio Goncalves, writing by Axel Bugge, editing by Mark Bendeich and Anna Willard)
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Approximately 800 people attended the Hawai‘i United Okinawa Association's “Uchinanchu of the Year” and installation banquet earlier this year at the Hawaii Okinawa Center. The festivities saw the installation of the HUOA's youngest president to date, 31-year-old Courtney Takara. They succeed Vince Watabu as president of the organization made up of nearly 10,000 households.
In their outgoing president's message, Watabu shared a few special memories that they would take from their year leading HUOA, including the start of construction of the Hawaii Okinawa Plaza commercial venture across the street from the Hawaii Okinawa Center to provide a steady revenue stream to the HUOA. One of their more moving memories was the assistance HUOA provided to two former World War II prisoners of war from Okinawa. They were sent to Hawai‘i and incarcerated at the Sand Island internment camp. A group of HUOA volunteers helped the two former POWs who came to Hawai‘i along with members of the Okinawa-Hawaii Kyokai, locate the former gravesites of 12 fellow Okinawan POWs who died while in Hawai‘i at Schofield Barracks. They were remembered in a memorial service at Jikoen Hongwanji Mission. Although the final resting place of their remains is still unknown, the two men found some amount of closure by retracing their steps in Hawai‘i.
Watabu spoke highly of their successor, yonsei Courtney Takara, noting that their installation as president is in keeping with one of the guiding principles of the HUOA — to support and encourage young people to get in touch with their Okinawan heritage, as they are HUOA's future.
“Courtney has been active [with HUOA] for a long time. Don't judge them by their age. Embrace them theme. Let's all roll up our sleeves and work with Courtney,” Watabu said.
Watabu concluded by thanking their fellow officers and “all of you, because you make up the HUOA. I could not do this by myself.”
Takara, who leads an already busy life as a compliance officer with Central Pacific Bank and a student of Okinawan koto and sanshin, selected “Hiyamikasa: Rallying Together for Everyone's Success” as their 2018 theme. Takara is a member of Nakagusuku Sonjin Kai, Shinka and Oroku Azajin Club.
They explained that “Hiyamikasa” is a reminder to everyone that “by working together, anything is possible.” They said they were inspired by the lively, uplifting Okinawan song, “Hiyamikachi Bushi,” that is intended to lift people's spirits, even during difficult times.
They said HUOA's 50 member-clubs are ”the heart of our organization.” They thanked Watabu, HUOA's executive council and the organization's members for their support.
Serving with Takara will be president-elect Jocelyn Ige (Kin Chojin Kai, Hui O Laulima and Ishikawa Shijin Kai); vice presidents Valerie Kato (Hui Makaala and Kitanakagusuku Sonjin Kai); Lynn Miyahira Krupa (Gaza Yonagusuku Doshi Kai and Shinka) and Gregg Kuwazaki (Hawaii Shuri-Naha Club); executive secretary Sandra Yanagi (Chatan-Kadena Chojin Kai); assistant executive secretary Terry Goya (Nishihara Chojin Kai and Urasoe Shijin Kai); Japanese language secretary Hanae Gushiken Higa (Shinka, Hawaii Shuri-Naha Club and Nago Club); treasurer Stephanie Katayama (Nakagusuku Sonjin Kai and Okinawan Genealogical Society of Hawaii); assistant treasurer Norman Nakasone (Wahiawa Okinawa Kyoyu Kai and Aza Yogi Doshi Kai); and immediate past president Vince Watabu (Ginoza Sonjin Kai). Serving as Takara's advisors are: David Arakawa, Scott Arakaki, Ford Chinen, Mark Higa, David Jones, Paul Komeiji, Gainor Miyashiro and Cyrus Tamashiro. The new officers were installed by Circuit Judge Karen Nakasone, a member of Yagaji Club.
Gov. David Ige, Consul General of Japan Koichi Ito, Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell and United Japanese Society of Hawaii president Sheree Tamura all shared messages of support and congratulations.
Karii toasts were offered by HUOA past president Jon Itomura and Takara's brother, Kelsey.
A full program of entertainment by young performers followed the formal program, with a festive kachashi to close off the event.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
April 13 Rongfeng Holding Group Co Ltd
* Sees net loss for FY 2017 Q1 to be 6.8 million yuan to 11.8 million yuan
* Says the net loss of FY 2016 Q1 was 6.5 million yuan
* The reason for the forecast is that real estate project have not yet reached the conditions of recognition of income
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/F74HZE
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
A woman whose son vanished in West Auckland bush nearly 25 years ago has sung for their lost son in one of Britain's biggest talent shows.
The Missing People Choir left audience and judges of Britain's Got Talent in tears at the weekend after a spellbinding musical performance dedicated to their children who had all disappeared without a trace.
The parent choir sang I Miss You, written for Lee Boxell after vanishing on their way to a football match nearly 30 years ago, and Madeleine McCann who went missing in Portugal in 2007.
During the song images of their missing children were projected behind on a giant screen.
Included on that tragic roll 18-year-old schoolboy Quentin "Q" Godwin who walked out of their Titirangi home on May 20, 1992 and despite extensive searches remains missing.
Their mum, Sarah Godwin, who has since shifted back to England, has never accepted their son is dead.
Sarah Godwin told Britain's Got Talent the choir was a place where everyone understood each other's pain and an important avenue of support.
"My son Quentin went missing when they were 18, just walked away from the family home one afternoon after school and was never seen again," Godwin told the show.
"Having the support of each other makes us stronger, sitting here together makes us stronger and singing together makes us super strong.
Continued below.
Related Content Your Views: Readers Letters Watch NZH Local Focus: Whanganui prepares for a deluge Mark Whitehouse: Trump really might be scaring away tourists
"The choir is energising, warming, safe, moving - beyond words. We can each feel our own love and sadness and pain, but we are there for each other and somehow it becomes joyful, too."
Godwin is still trying to find out what happened to their son dedicating this year's 25th anniversary as an important milestone to find answers.
In 2014, more than two decades after their death, an inquest found Quentin had died despite their body not found.
"2017 is the year in which I shall try my hardest to get the allegations investigated further and in greater depth. I want to establish what happened and if at all possible, to have some final proof of Quentin's fate," they wrote on their qismissing website .
They wrote Quentin had good friends and loved the outdoors. They were headed for their after-school job the day they disappeared.
Despite scouring the bush, land and beaches and extensive publicity, including prime-time television show Crimewatch and a documentary on missing people, they were never seen again.
There were rumours and sightings but none could be verified and the case grew cold.
Then in 2015 the family were given information that their son met a violent death. An initial investigation into the fresh evidence was stalled after people named denied any involvement.
On the website they wrote their hope for this year was that their son's cold case might suddenly become warm again with memories jogged and important information surfacing.
Since Quentin's mysterious disappearance Godwin had dedicated themselves to raising the profile of missing people, working on campaigns, and campaigning for improved legislative support for families.
Godwin this morning told the Herald they were now under contract with the show and unable to speak directly to media but was thrilled at the widespread effect of the performance.
- NZ Herald
Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights attends the 34th session of the Human Rights Council at the European headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland, February 27, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
GENEVA Jordan has broken its treaty obligations by hosting Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al Hussein said in a statement on Friday.
"I very much regret that Jordan, a state party to the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, received the President of Sudan, against whom an arrest warrant has been issued. By doing so, it is failing the ICC and weakening the global struggle against impunity, and for justice," they said.
(Reporting by Tom Miles; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
MOSCOW, April 3 A suspected suicide bomber thought to be responsible for a deadly blast in the St Petersburg metro on Monday had links with radical Islamist groups banned in Russia, a law enforcement source told Interfax news agency.
The source added that remains found at the scene of the blast suggested that a suicide bomber was responsible but that final conclusions would be made after DNA tests had been conducted. (Reporting by Alexander Winning; Editing by Alison Williams)
FRANKFURT, April 6 The DAX top-30 index looked set to open 0.6 percent lower on Thursday, according to premarket data from brokerage Lang & Schwarz at 0607 GMT.
The following are some of the factors that may move German stocks:
DEUTSCHE BANK
Indicated 1 percent lower
Subscription period for capital increase due to end.
INSURERS
Allianz indicated 0.3 percent lower
Munich Re indicated 0.3 percent lower
Talanx down 0.5 percent in early Frankfurt trade
A European Union watchdog will cut an interest rate used to price liabilities at euro zone insurers such as Munich Re, AXA and Allianz, a step that could mean some firms having to hold more capital.
LINDE
Indicated 0.9 percent lower
Supervisory board due to meet. It is expected to discuss a planned merger with Praxair but will not yet vote on the deal as terms are still being negotiated.
GERRESHEIMER
Indicated 2.1 percent lower
The drugs-packaging firm said its major pharmaceutical customers had been more cautious in placing orders due to uncertainty over the new U.S. administration's policies, as it published first-quarter results.
HELLA
Indicated 0.2 percent higher
The group affirmed its full-year guidance as it reported a 17 percent jump in third-quarter adjusted EBIT.
INNOGY
Indicated unchanged
The company issued a 750 million euro senior bonds.
S&T
Indicated 1 percent higher
The group said it aimed for its full-year revenues to rise significantly this year and reach the 1 billion euro mark next year, as it reported 2016 financial results.
WIRECARD
Indicated 0.4 percent lower
The payment services provider announced a dividend hike to 0.16 euros per share from 0.14 euros a year earlier, as it published its annual financial report.
VTG
Indicated 0.2 percent lower
Full Q4 results due. The group published preliminary figures on March 7, said it expected its sales and EBITDA to rise slightly this year and hiked its dividend.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETINGS
HENKEL - 1.62 eur/pref shr dividend proposed
SARTORIUS - 0.46 eur/pref shr, 0.45 eur/ordinary shr dividend proposed
ANALYSTS' VIEWS
FREENET - Berenberg cuts to "sell" from "hold"
OVERSEAS STOCK MARKETS
Dow Jones -0.2 pct, S&P 500 -0.3 pct, Nasdaq -0.6 pct at close.
Nikkei -1.4 pct, Shanghai stocks +0.4 pct.
Time: 6.09 GMT.
GERMAN ECONOMIC DATA
German industrial orders picked up in February after plummeting the previous month but the rise in contracts for factories in Europe's largest economy was weaker than expected, data showed on Thursday.
EUROPEAN FACTORS TO WATCH
DIARIES
REUTERS TOP NEWS ($1 = 0.9369 euros) (Reporting by Christoph Steitz and Maria Sheahan)
March 31 Smart Employee Benefits Inc:
* SEB reports fourth quarter and full year results
* Smart Employee Benefits Inc - revenue from continuing operations for Q4 increased 94.4pct from $12.5 million to $24.3 million
* Smart Employee Benefits Inc - is expected by 2019 non-cash amortization costs will no longer be a material negative impact on earnings
* Smart Employee Benefits Inc - continued organic growth is expected in fiscal 2017
* Smart Employee Benefits Inc - corporate costs are declining and expected to decline further in fiscal 2017 as a % of revenue
* Smart Employee Benefits Inc - SEB consolidated is well positioned for growth in both revenue and cash flow in fiscal 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Workers work at a construction site in front of Shanghai's financial district of Pudong in Shanghai, China March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
SHANGHAI China's state-owned builders signed $85 billion in new public-private partnership (PPP) contracts last year, reflecting how state firms are dominating a scheme meant to open the door to private sector investment in infrastructure building.
China Railway Group (601390.SS)(0390.HK), China Communications Construction Corp (CCCC) (601800.SS)(1800.HK), China Railway Construction Group (601186.SS)(1186.HK) said in their annual results this week they collectively signed over 586.7 billion yuan ($85.04 billion) of PPP contracts in 2016, which helped drive up their overall contract wins in the year.
Beijing has been encouraging the use of PPP to alleviate the debt burdens of its local authorities, who in the past would have used debt to finance projects such as bridges and municipal works. Under PPP, they partner with firms, though many of the participants so far have been state-owned enterprises (SOE).
"Under the PPP development mode, the construction market is undergoing earthshaking reform," CCCC said in its results statement. "The local government has showed great enthusiasm for promoting PPP projects, making the quantity and amount of landing projects hit another record high."
This has pushed these SOEs to change from being pure contractors to investors. However, private companies have said that many PPP projects offer poor returns and they are crowded out by SOEs from the good ones.
Private sector investment accounted for less than 30 percent of total PPP contracts, according to Moody's Investor Service.
The government, whose data showed there were currently 11,784 registered PPP projects valued at 13.9 trillion yuan, has said it will take measures to get more private investors involved in PPP.
While PPP will likely boost overall construction activity, analysts cautioned the contracts could impact future earnings for construction giants.
"Many PPP projects only offer low returns...so going forward it may accelerate revenue but may lower the bottom line," said Guotai Junan analyst Gary Wong.
Some analysts also said that it signaled how responsibility for infrastructure projects was simply being moved from one arm of the government to another.
"In developed countries, the spirit of PPP is that the government transfers the risk in the public projects to a private party, so it's not only a way to broaden financing resources...but also introduce efficiency," said Ivy Poon, an analyst at Moody's Investor Service.
State-owned companies hold the majority of China's $18 trillion corporate debt burden, which is equivalent to about 169 percent of GDP, according to figures from the Bank for International Settlements.
($1 = 6.8995 Chinese yuan renminbi)
(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Randy Fabi)
BRIEF-Atos wins contract with GENCI
* CONTRACT AIMS TO DELIVER ONE OF MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN WORLD, PLANNED FOR END OF 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Defendant Marion ''Suge'' Knight attends a hearing with attorney Thomas Mesereau in their murder case in Los Angeles, California in this July 7, 2015, file photo. REUTERS/Patrick T. Fallon/Files
LOS ANGELES Jailed rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight was ordered on Thursday to stand trial in Jan. 8, 2018 on murder charges stemming from a fatal hit-and-run at a Los Angeles area burger stand more than two years ago.
A judge set the trial date for Knight, the co-founder of influential hip hop label Death Row Records, during a hearing in Los Angeles Superior Court.
Knight, 51, was ordered to return to court on May 18 for pre-trial proceedings, said Greg Risling, a spokesperson for the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office.
The rap producer is accused of running down two men with their Ford F-150 pick-up truck outside Tam's Burgers in the Los Angeles suburb of Compton on Jan. 29, 2015, an incident captured on videotape by the restaurant's surveillance cameras.
Terry Carter, 55, was struck and killed by the truck. Cle "Bone" Sloan survived their injuries.
Knight is charged with murder, attempted murder and two counts of felony hit-and-run in the incident and could face 25 years to life in prison.
(Reporting by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Sandra Maler)
CAPE TOWN England limited overs captain Eoin Morgan has been unveiled as one of eight "marquee" players for South Africa's new domestic Twenty20 competition to be played in November and December this year.
Cricket South Africa (CSA) announced on Thursday that Morgan has signed up for the first two seasons of the tournament, along with two South African-born past and present England internationals, Kevin Pietersen and Jason Roy.
A trio of leading West Indies limited overs players, Chris Gayle, Dwayne Bravo and Kieron Pollard, will also feature, as well as ex-New Zealand batsman Brendon McCullum and Sri Lanka seamer Lasith Malinga.
The eight will be distributed among the as yet unnamed teams via a draft system similar to that in the Indian Premier League.Each team will have 17 players in their squad, with a maximum of four from outside of South Africa.
CSA are inviting interest from prospective team owners with the deadline for submissions April 28.
Overseas players are also able to register their desire to join the draft, with the competition set to go head-to-head with the troubled Bangladesh Premier League and Dec. 16 pencilled in for the final.
“We are thrilled with the responses we are receiving from prospective team owners. No doubt this is a once in a lifetime opportunity for both bidder and city,” CSA CEO Haroon Lorgat said in a statement.
“While the level of private investment we expect will be new to South African sport, we are also very interested in the level of expertise that owners will bring to all levels of the game in South Africa.”
There are 11 prospective venues open to the eight competing teams, with the sought-after stadiums in Cape Town, Johannesburg, Pretoria and Durban to go to the highest bidders.
“The eventual location of these franchises will be up to the bidders and the cities who see the opportunities to generate brand value and economic activity through the league,” Lorgat said.
(Reporting by Nick Said; Editing by Alison Williams)
BRIEF-Athenex Inc shares open at $12‍ vs IPO price of $11/share​
* Athenex Inc shares open at $12.00‍ in debut on The NASDAQ versus IPO price of $11.00 per share​
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
OTTAWA Changes to U.S. trade policy and protectionist measures under U.S. President Donald Trump will certainly be negative for Canada and could be a major shock, Bank of Canada officials said on Thursday, warning of a hit to already sluggish productivity.
Governor Stephen Poloz and Senior Deputy Governor Carolyn Wilkins took turns warning a Senate committee of the possible impact of as-yet unknown changes to U.S. trade policy, saying it is the greatest risk to Canada's economic outlook.
"The threat of U.S. protectionism, that's something that is very, very significant for Canada and ... it's very difficult to analyze it in advance because it could take so many different forms. It certainly will be negative and it could even be a major shock," Poloz told the committee.
Poloz and Wilkins were in a second day of testimony after releasing the bank's closely watched monetary policy report on Wednesday, which bumped up growth forecasts but argued it was too early to conclude Canada's economy was on a sustainable growth path.
The Bank of Canada held interest rates steady on Wednesday, keeping them near historic lows amid uncertainty over the economic outlook. [L1N1HK0AQ]
Canadian exporters have shuddered at the prospect of a border adjustment tax targeting Canadian goods destined for the U.S. market, and Canada's Liberal government is lobbying to protect trade relationships that have developed under the North American Free Trade Agreement. U.S. President Donald Trump has said they want to fix NAFTA to protect U.S. jobs.
Asked what impact a 10 percent border adjustment tax would have on Canada's economy, Wilkins said it could be a "major" negative hit.
"It would not be good news for the United States or for us ... there will be an impact on demand but also an impact on supply and on Canada's growth potential that would be fairly significant," Wilkins said.
"You can expect supply chains that will be much less productive, so there could be a shock to our productivity rate, which is already not very high," they added.
Still, Wilkins said the potential impact need not be entirely negative, if Canadian business and manufacturers adjust by diversifying beyond the United States.
"They might find other markets, they might find other value chains elsewhere in the world that don't involve the United States," Wilkins said. "I can tell you there are base cases that could be very negative for Canada."
(Reporting by Andrea Hopkins and Leah Schnurr; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
AMSTERDAM Akzo Nobel (AKZO.AS) said it had reported one of its own biggest shareholders, Elliott Advisors, and its suitor PPG Industries (PPG.N) to regulators for possibly sharing "sensitive" information about shareholders' intentions to call an extraordinary meeting to replace Chairman Antony Burgmans.
It was not clear what rules, if any, the shareholder and PPG might have violated.
Neither Elliott nor PPG has access to non-public information about Akzo, said Leslie McGibbon, a spokesperson for the Dutch paint maker. But since PPG's 24.6 billion euro cash-and-share proposal to take over Akzo, which Akzo's board rejected on March 22, movements in the company's share prices have been linked to varying hopes and fears the PPG bid may succeed or fail.
Elliott Advisors, which holds a 3.25 percent stake in Akzo, said it would respond to Akzo's allegations soon. PPG could not be reached for comment overnight in the United States.
(Reporting by Toby Sterling; Editing by Himani Sarkar)
Cars wait to take on fuel at a Sinopec gas station in Beijing, China, February 3, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
BEIJING China's Sinopec has ordered its rubber unit in Yanshan refinery to shut in response to environmental checks, it said, after the Ministry of Environmental Protection detected odor.
The company said it would upgrade two sets of emission equipment at the unit by the end of 2017. It did not give a timetable for the shutdown.
(Reporting by Meng Meng and Beijing Monitoring Desk; editing by Susan Thomas)
May 2 Certive Solutions Inc:
* Certive Solutions Inc announces Titan asset divestiture
* Certive Solutions Inc says effective April 28, 2017, it intends to divest itself of assets purchased from Titan Health Management Solutions Inc
* Says terms of transaction will be disclosed when final settlement agreement is resolved Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
(Repeats with no changes to text. The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
By Clyde Russell
LAUNCESTON, Australia, April 3 China's appetite for iron ore is likely to have continued unabated in March, but it seems increasingly likely that the first quarter of 2017 may prove to be as good as it gets this year for imports of the steel-making ingredient.
China imported 90.3 million tonnes of iron ore in March, according to vessel-tracking and port data compiled by Thomson Reuters Supply Chain and Commodity Forecasts.
If the estimate is matched by official customs figures, due next week, it will be only the fifth time that monthly imports have exceeded 90 million tonnes, the other occasions being January this year, November and September last year and in December 2015.
The vessel-tracking and port data is typically more conservative than customs data, undercounting by 3.5 percent over 2016, meaning that the risk is that March imports are higher than suggested by the data.
China's imports of iron ore in the first quarter of 2017 have been robust, mainly on the back of strong steel prices and optimism about the resilience of the construction and infrastructure sectors, the main steel consumers.
But there are already signs that the market is realising it got ahead of itself, with spot iron ore prices .IO62-CNO=MB ending last week at $80.39 a tonne, down 15 percent from the peak this year on Feb. 21.
The spot price is now virtually flat from the $78.87 at the end of last year, showing that the rally from December 2015 to February, which resulted in prices more than doubling, is starting to unwind.
Much of the focus on why the price gains were unsustainable has been on the rapid build-up of iron ore inventories at Chinese ports, with industry consultants SteelHome saying stockpiles at 46 ports SH-TOT-IRONINV reached a record 132.5 million tonnes in the week to March 31.
This is some 65 percent higher than the 80.5 million tonnes recorded in October 2015, just prior to the start of the strong rally in prices.
While an overhang of inventories was always likely to eventually cause prices to stumble, it also means that imports may be subdued in the coming months as traders and steel mills work through some of the stockpiles.
STEEL DRAG
Chinese steel demand may also become a headwind for iron ore imports and prices, with the China Metallurgical Industry Planning and Research Institute estimating it will drop to 660 million tonnes in 2017, a decline of 1.9 percent from 2016.
"We think China's steel consumption will decrease step by step by step -- maybe increase some years, like last year. That's our situation," Li Xinchuang, the institute's president, told an industry conference in Perth on March 30.
Such a decline in domestic demand, coupled with likely lower steel exports, would likely lead to steel mills lowering output, thereby cutting their need for imported iron ore.
China's steel exports were 13.17 million tonnes in the first two months of 2017, down 25.7 percent from the same period last year.
If this pace is maintained for the rest of the year, steel exports will reach around 80 million tonnes, well below the 108.5 million recorded in 2016.
Steel prices in China are also feeling the pressure of possible lower domestic demand and exports, with the benchmark Shanghai rebar contract, ending last week at 3,166 yuan ($459.50) a tonne, down 6.2 percent from its recent closing peak on March 15.
For iron ore, it appears the combination of a softer demand outlook and record high inventories is finally weighing down prices.
While this has yet to show up in China's imports of iron ore, the risk is that these too start to moderate from the breakneck pace seen in the first quarter.
(Editing by Joseph Radford)
LEEDS, Alabama Double Formula One world champion Fernando Alonso sees next month's Indianapolis 500 as a bigger challenge than the Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar race as they seek to win motorsport's famed 'Triple Crown'.
"The biggest task is definitely the Indy 500 for a Formula One driver," the Spaniard told reporters on a visit to Barber Motorsport Park on Sunday.
"I think it's quite different. It's challenging ... the level of downforce, the feeling with the car, running with a car that is not symmetric on the straights, on braking. Traffic I think is a big thing..."
Alonso has set their sights on becoming only the second driver after the late Briton Graham Hill to win the Formula One championship, Indy and Le Mans.
The McLaren driver, who will miss the showcase Monaco Grand Prix to race at the famed Brickyard on May 28 for the first time, has no experience of Le Mans either but indicated that would have to wait until after Formula One.
The 35-year-old felt that French race, won by current Renault F1 driver Nico Hulkenberg with Porsche in 2015, would be an easier leap because the cars were more similar.
"Some of the F1 drivers that jump into the Le Mans car, they have no difficulties in terms of adapting," said Alonso, whose current McLaren contract expires at the end of the year.
"The 24 Hours is a little different, it's a more relaxed race, you can do it at an older age," added the Spaniard, a friend of Australian former F1 driver and now-retired Le Mans racer Mark Webber.
Alonso was in Alabama with McLaren boss Zak Brown, who said they would like to see a McLaren-Honda competing at Indianapolis every year, to meet the Andretti Autosport Team who will run their Indy car.
"I'm with the best team possible for this type of lessons that I need to learn. I'm also with coach (and 2003 Indy winner) Gil de Ferran, which I'm sure will be very, very useful for all these new things that I need to learn," they said.
McLaren won Le Mans in 1995 but Brown told Reuters it was "very early days" to contemplate a return.
"Our automotive group will make the decision. Mike Flewitt, the CEO of McLaren Automotive Limited, would make the ultimate decision ... but nothing has been discussed. I think Le Mans is a massive race like the Indy 500," they said.
(Editing by Alan Baldwin and Andrew Both)
DUBLIN (Reuters) - The European Central Bank is normalising policy and whether it ends asset buys in September or winds them down gradually is not a major issue, French central bank chief Francois Villeroy de Galhau said on Friday.
Having bought over 2 trillion euros worth of bonds, the ECB is now contemplating whether to wind down the scheme known as quantitative easing after several extensions and markets are betting on their end in the fourth quarter.
The end of purchases is significant as the ECB has tied its next rate move to the end of asset buys and Villeroy's comment will likely reinforce market expectations that the first move could come around mid-2019.
“One shouldn't focus excessively on the sole instrument of monthly net asset purchases: whether we end them in September or taper them somewhat more gradually is not a deep existential question,” Villeroy said in Dublin.
But Villeroy added even if bond buys end, the ECB will continue to provide stimulus through an array of instruments.
“We will rely more and more on the entire policy package, including the sizeable stock of acquired assets, the forthcoming reinvestments and the forward guidance on interest rates,” Villeroy, who sits on the ECB's Governing Council, added.
They said normalisation will follow a predictable sequence with the ECB also keeping an eye on how exchange rates develop, with the recent dollar weakness considered a source of uncertainty.
“We will accordingly monitor the impact of the exchange rate evolution – which is a source of uncertainty – and be ready to reassess if necessary,” Villeroy said.
Launched nearly 3 years ago, the bond buys have kept borrowing costs low, reviving growth and averting deflation. But prices have also been slow to respond and inflation is due to undershoot the ECB's target for years to come, suggesting that stimulus will have to continue, even if in more conventional form.
Donald Trump's stunning neglect to disavow the Nazis who stormed through the streets of Charlottesville, Virginia in their name while shouting Nazi Germany era slogans prompted an African-American CEO of a major pharmaceutical company to resign. Kenneth C. Frazier announced their resignation from Trump's American Manufacturing Council.
“Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, races, sexual orientations and political beliefs,” Frazier wrote.
“America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” the CEO continued.
Frazier said their resignation was a “matter of personal conscience” and they felt a “responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism.”
Trump remarks in which they blamed “many sides” for the attack in which a Nazi murdered 32-year-old Heather Heyer, and injured 19 others caused a backlash.
Trump responded by lashing out at Frazier on Twitter, writing, “Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!”
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
That didn't go down well on Twitter.
Their vague "Violence on MANY sides" WAS seen by them as approval.
(From #NeoNazi paper The Daily Stormer)#RealNews 👉 https://t.co/nWj67BHMmP pic.twitter.com/6pRpR0YR37 — Alexander Hamilton (@AHamiltonSpirit) August 14, 2017
Trump has surrounded themselves with the Alt-Right.
We are NOT exaggerating. Their Deputy Asst .@SebGorka. is LITERALLY a NAZI
Check out their cool Nazi threads from Hungary#FireGorka #FireBannon pic.twitter.com/CR4ed9YTTy — Alexander Hamilton (@AHamiltonSpirit) August 14, 2017
Trump did not disavow their Nazi supporters, but they did attack this guy.
Trump had no harsh words for nazis and klansmen over the weekend, but they just rage tweeted this African American CEO ¯_(ツ)_/¯ pic.twitter.com/QBUp1eseIf — Robert Maguire (@RobertMaguire_) August 14, 2017
Trump would rather attack a principled black man who was formerly on their own team than condemn white supremacy. — Adam Best (@adamcbest) August 14, 2017
Trump cannot disavow Nazis because they elevated them to the White House.
Way to go, Mr. Big Pharma guy. Wait, did I just type that out loud? It's remarkable that someone who is with Big Pharma has more principles that our so-called president. That speaks volumes. Anything Trump says now about the Charlottesville attack is moot since it's been days since the young lady was murdered and they just CAN'T find it in themselves to call out the group responsible – because they are their people. Trump was supported by white supremacist groups accross the board during their campaign.
Photo by Ron Sachs – Pool/Getty Images.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
(Adds data for Ford, analyst's comment, U.S. context)
By Allison Lampert
MONTREAL May 2 General Motors Co and Ford on Tuesday reported higher April sales in Canada, fueled by growing demand for light trucks and crossovers, while Fiat Chrysler said its sales decreased on an annual basis.
Total Canadian auto sales declined for the first time this year in April by 1.6 percent, following a "record breaking first quarter," auto analyst Dennis DesRosiers wrote on Tuesday in a note to clients.
GM reported the sale of 30,948 total vehicles last month in Canada, an increase of 16 per cent, compared with the same month a year earlier, and the best April on record since 2008, the company said in a statement.
Ford said it sold 30,401 vehicles in Canada last month, up 0.2 percent from April 2016.
Fiat Chrysler, however, reported April sales in Canada of 27,373 vehicles, down 9 percent, compared with the same month a year earlier.
Canadian auto sales hit record highs in 2016 with the sale of around 1.95 million vehicles because of higher consumer demand for pickups and SUVs. In an April report, Scotiabank senior economist Carlos Gomes wrote they are expecting Canadian auto sales to decline slightly in 2017, to around 1.94 million units.
In the United States, GM, Ford and Toyota Motor Corp -- the country's top three automakers -- on Tuesday all posted lower new vehicle sales in April in a fresh sign the long boom cycle for the auto industry is losing steam. (Reporting By Allison Lampert; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Sandra Maler)
(Corrects figure on projected coal power generation in paragraph 8 to 25 pct, not 15 pct)
* Leading candidates propose phasing back coal, nuclear power
* Plans call for renewable power to make up 20 pct share by 2030
* LNG to get boosted as a bridge to clean, renewable energy
By Jane Chung
SEOUL, April 12 No matter who is elected as South Korea's new leader next month it is clear that coal and nuclear power generation will likely be scaled back, with most of the candidates laying out plans on Wednesday to address public concerns over pollution and safety.
Less than a month from a May 9 election to replace impeached president Park Geun-hye, policy experts outlined in a forum the energy proposals of four of the five contenders.
The two leading candidates, liberal front-runner Moon Jae-In and centrist Ahn Cheol-soo, both plan to lower South Korea's reliance on coal and nuclear power, pointing to a need to shift to renewable energy, according to their policy advisors.
In the latest poll by Gallup Korea, Moon got the support of 38 percent of respondents, and Ahn got 35 percent.
South Korea, Asia's fourth-largest economy, gets 40 percent of its electricity from coal, 30 percent from nuclear, 20 percent from natural gas, and the rest from oil and renewables.
But policy changes are expected amid growing concerns over pollution and the safety of nuclear energy, and Moon and Ahn appear determined to help drive them.
"We should move away from coal and nuclear power, and shift to clean or renewable energy-based platforms," said Kim Jwa-kwan, head of Moon's energy policy team.
Kim said their team planned for nuclear and coal power to account for 18 percent and 25 percent respectively of power supply by 2030, while the contribution of liquefied natural gas (LNG) would increase to 37 percent to support the rise of renewables.
If elected, Moon also "would scrap a plan to build Shin Kori No.5 and Shin Kori No.6 nuclear reactors on which construction began last year and revamp the country's nuclear power expansion scheme," Kim said.
That means South Korea's plan to build 11 nuclear reactors by 2029 could be under threat.
Ahn would similarly shelve a plan to construct four coal-fired power plants and not extend the lifespan of ageing coal and nuclear power stations, said Oh Jeong-Rye, deputy director of Ahn's People Party.
Both candidates target a 20 percent renewable energy share by 2030 as part of efforts to cut carbon emissions.
Under the current power supply plan, in addition to building 11 nuclear reactors by 2029 - three of which are already under construction - South Korea plans to add 20 more coal-fired power plants by 2022.
Policy experts for two other candidates - the conservative Bareun Party's Yoo Seong-min and the left-wing Justice Party's Sim Sang-jung - also said they would overhaul South Korea's coal and nuclear energy policy.
Sim would cut nuclear power to zero by 2040 and phase out coal by 2060, according to their energy advisor. (Reporting By Jane Chung; Additional reporting by Heekyong Yang; Editing by Tom Hogue)
BEIJING (Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) aims to sell 1.4 million vehicles in China in 2018, nearly 9 percent more than it sold last year, but two insiders at the Japanese automaker said production constraints and other hurdles make it a tough target to meet.
The sales goal announced by Japan's biggest automaker on Friday comes at a time when the world's biggest auto market is experiencing a slowdown in overall vehicle sales growth.
The two people said the target is more a “stretch goal.” It is a target that is not the baseline sales forecast and one that executives acknowledge will be difficult to achieve, they said. They declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak to the Reuters reporter.
A big factor that makes selling 1.4 million vehicles this year more of a challenge is Toyota's manufacturing capacity which the two individuals said remains strained.
“If we could resolve this capacity issue, it would be easy to make the 1.4 million target. With sufficient capacity, we can possibly sell 1.5 million vehicles,” one of the two people said.
Toyota's forecast for 2018 is relatively more upbeat than the previous few years in part because it expects to launch a couple of potentially high-volume subcompact sport-utility vehicles (SUVs) later this year, the people said.
They said Toyota plans to launch two China-market versions of the subcompact Toyota CH-R crossover SUV in a June-July time frame. The CH-R hit showrooms in the United States in April last year.
Those two CH-R variants are smallish crossover SUVs that others, most notably Japan's Honda Motor Co (7267.T), have leveraged to grow sales significantly in China.
A Toyota spokesperson said that though the 2018 sales target was not one that can be easily achieved due to the highly competitive market environment, the recent launch of a redesigned Camry sedan and the planned introduction of two subcompact SUVs later this year would enable Toyota to challenge the previous year's numbers.
China's overall vehicle market growth was the weakest last year in at least two decades, increasing just 3 percent year-on-year to 28.88 million vehicles, pegged back chiefly by a phasing out of tax breaks on smaller-engine cars that begun in 2017.
According to data from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM), 2018 will another weak year. It predicts the country's vehicle market will grow 3.5 percent in 2018.
On Friday, Toyota said its sales in China in January rose 24.5 percent from a year earlier to 127,500 vehicles. Smaller rival Honda's sales in China, meanwhile, rose 10.9 percent in January to 126,174 vehicles.
Honda, which last year sold a total of 1.44 million vehicles in China, did not provide a forecast for volumes for this year.
An ice sculpture of the Olympic rings is seen during the Pyeongchang Winter Festival, near the venue for the opening and closing ceremony of the PyeongChang 2018 Winter Olympic Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, February 10, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji - RTX30EMP
South Korea has set a target of 20 medals at the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, including at least eight gold, to finish in the top four of the medals table for the first time, according to a senior sports official.
If South Korea achieves its target at next year's Games, it will surpass its record gold tally of six at the 2006 Torino Olympics and at Vancouver four years later.
South Korea won a record 14 medals at Vancouver, taking six silver medals and two bronze to finish fifth overall.
"Right now, I'd say we're locked to win about six gold medals," Lee Jae-kun, head of the National Training Centre in Seoul, was quoted as saying by Yonhap News Agency on Thursday.
"The key is to try to turn a couple of silver medals into gold medals."
Lee added that South Korea was targeting four silver medals and eight bronze.
Last month, sports data firm Gracenote Sports predicted that Norway would top the medals table for the first time in 16 years, while the hosts were tipped to tie their record gold medal haul.
While short track speed skating is South Korea's best bet for gold, the country is also counting on its first gold medal from a sliding event, with men's skeleton racer Yun Sung-bin having won silver at last year's world championships.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
Dec 11 (Reuters) - Ratings firm Fitch upgraded Philippines Long-Term Foreign-Currency Issuer Default Rating to ‘BBB' from ‘BBB-' on Monday, citing continued strong macroeconomic performance and sound policies supporting high and sustainable growth rates.
“There is no evidence so far that incidents of violence associated with the administration's campaign against the illegal drug trade have undermined investor confidence,” Fitch said.
Fitch‍ forecast real GDP growth of 6.8 percent for the Philippines in 2018 and 2019 and said it would maintain its place among the fastest-growing economies in the Asia-Pacific​ region.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
While the biggest offseason question the Arizona Cardinals have is who will be the team's next starting quarterback, one other decision still looms large: Will wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald retire like coach Bruce Arians and quarterback Carson Palmer did after the season, or will they return in 2018?
According to Arizona Sports 98.7 FM's Mike Jurecki, there's not really a question, even though it's only February and Fitzgerald hasn't said one way or the other.
“Fitz is coming back. It's just a matter of when he's going to make their decision,” said Jurecki on the air on Thursday.
“He's going to make $12 million. Obviously, they want to get to No. 2 (on the all-time list) overall. It has nothing to do with the head coach. It has nothing to do with the offensive coordinator. It has nothing to do with whom the quarterback's going to be. He's on board and he's only going to wear a Cardinals uniform. He's not going to sit there and ask for a trade if they're 0-6.”
Jurecki said they spoke with Fitzgerald on Wednesday when they were headed from the golf course in Scottsdale, where they played in the Phoenix Open Pro-Am. They were headed to get on a plane to go to Minneapolis for Super Bowl LII and other related activities.
“It's just a matter of time, but they are going to play for the upcoming season,” Jurecki said.
Fitzgerald has not made anything official yet. However, between the fact they agreed to a contract extension and the way Jurecki and new offensive coordinator Mike McCoy speak, even though Fitz has not really said anything one way or another, Cardinals fans don't really need to worry. Fitzgerald will play. He's just making people wait.
Related 5 former Cardinals on Super Bowl rosters
Listen to the latest from Cards Wire's Jess Root on the Rise Up, See Red podcast. Subscribe on Apple podcasts or Stitcher Radio.
Share This: Chris Evans Invited A Bullying Victim To The Avengers: Infinity War Premiere Hilary H
Hey, bullies, take note: Captain America is not on your team, and Chris Evans wants you to know that.
On December 9, a tearful video of a boy named Keaton went viral. Keaton, distraught, recounts what they go through at school, and how their bullies harass him; they say that they call them names and make fun of their appearance, and they pour milk on them at lunch and shove food in their clothes. It's heartbreaking to watch, and through their tears, they ask a simple question: “Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them?”
Several actors tried to track down Keaton after they watched the video, including Millie Bobby Brown and Noah Schnapp of Stranger Things and Mark Hamill. Evans also sent words of encouragement through Twitter, along with a surprise for Keaton.
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
It's a heartwarming gesture, and one that's joined by thousands of encouraging sentiments shared across Twitter in the hours following the video's posting. Hailee Steinfeld followed Evans's lead, and invited Keaton to the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere…
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ pic.twitter.com/3l8P4fKAqW — Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
…And Cardi B was moved by their message, too.
I can't get that boy In that video out my mind 😪I wish i can give them a hug and beat the shit out them kids that pick on them .I don't care if they kkid👊🏽👊🏽FUCK YOU !! — iamcardib (@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Keaton managed to offer encouragement to other kids getting bullied before turning away: “People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. But if you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you. Stay strong, I guess.”
Right back at ya, Keaton–you've got tonnes of people and a superhero or two rooting for you, too.
MADRID, April 28 Spain's Caixabank posted on Friday a 48 pct rise in first-quarter profit from a year before, in its first results to include Portuguese lender BPI, which it took over in February.
Caixabank, Spain's third largest bank, reported net profit of 403 million euros ($437.74 million) in the first three months of the year, beating an average of analysts' forecasts in a Reuters poll of 315 million euros.
Net interest income, a measure of earnings on loans minus deposit costs, was 1.15 billion euros, up 13.1 percent from a year ago.
Caixabank increased its stake in BPI, Portugal's second larges listed lender, to 84.5 percent in February. The takeover marked a step outside Caixabank's Spanish market to offset falling profitability. ($1 = 0.9206 euros) (Reporting by Angus Berwick and Jesus Aguado)
March 31 Attendo Ab (Publ)
* Attendo's Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Tomas Björksiöö has decided to leave Attendo
* The process to appoint a new CFO has been initiated, and Tomas Björksiöö will continue as CFO for the remainder of their employment at Attendo Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Anna Ringstrom)
ASTANA The Syrian armed opposition said on Wednesday it had suspended its participation in peace talks being held in Kazakhstan and demanded an end to government bombing of areas under its control.
A senior official from Kazakhstan's Foreign Ministry, however, told reporters they expected Syrian opposition figures to return to the talks on Thursday. Another diplomat close to the talks also said the rebels were not walking out completely.
"The delegation has suspended its participation after presenting a memorandum for a total commitment to stopping (government) bombardments," Ahmad Ramadan, a spokesperson for the opposition Syrian National Coalition (SNC), said.
In the memorandum, the rebels demanded "clear implementation procedures" for matters such as enforcing a ceasefire, withdrawal of government forces from areas taken by them since Dec. 30 last year, and release of detainees.
They also again insisted on President Bashar Assad's departure and objected once again to Iran's role in the process, describing it as an "aggressor state". Iran, along with Russia, are Assad's main supporters against rebels trying to topple him.
In a phone call on Tuesday, U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin sought to defuse tension arising from U.S. air strikes on Syrian government forces in April, expressing a wish for a ceasefire and safe zones for the civil war's refugees.
ELUSIVE TRUCE
With a ceasefire ever elusive in Syria, the White House said Washington would send a representative to truce talks in the Kazakh capital Astana on Wednesday and Thursday. The State Department said acting Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs Stuart Jones would attend as an observer.
Aidarbek Tumatov, head of the Asia and Africa department at the Kazakh Foreign Ministry, told reporters the rebels had met the U.S. and U.N. delegations on Wednesday. "Tomorrow, I hope, the (Syrian) opposition will also take part (in the talks)."
U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura also voiced hope that the rebels would return to the negotiation table.
"I hope they will because what is important is also to look at the possibility of an outcome on de-escalation," their office quoted them as saying.
"Every time – every time – we have been having a meeting or a discussion about cessation of hostilities or de-escalation in this case, there have been some incidents produced by one side or the other. The secret is to try to make sure that those incidents stop but also do not kill the opportunity for good news related to that."
The talks in Astana are sponsored by Russia, Iran and Turkey, which - like the United States - backs the rebel side.
Also on Wednesday, Putin met Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan in the Black Sea resort of Sochi and they reaffirmed their commitment to working together to end Syria's war. [L8N1I55X6]
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told reporters on the sidelines of the Sochi meeting that the sponsors of the Astana talks had already agreed three documents and were discussing a fourth.
"On this de-conflicting issue we are having discussions in Astana (which are) very positive and I'm hopeful we will reach an understanding on this as well," they said.
Russia's lead negotiator in Astana, Alexander Lavrentyev, said they hoped the sides would sign a memorandum on safe zones on Thursday. They dismissed the rebels' ultimatum as a bid to put pressure on Moscow, Ankara and Tehran.
"The Syrian opposition must participate in the talks," they said. "We hope common sense prevails."
(Reporting by Raushan Nurshayeva and John Davison; writing by Dmitry Solovyov and Olzhas Auyezov; editing by Andrew Osborn and Mark Heinrich)
LOS ANGELES May 2 The Service Employees International Union, backer of a five-year campaign to improve pay and job conditions for fast-food workers, on Tuesday asked Illinois and California officials to investigate how McDonald's Corp calculates restaurant rents, which generate about one-fourth of its revenue.
The union behind the "Fight for $15" campaign alleges that McDonald's does not accurately or specifically disclose the formula used to set rents and that it charges far more than landlords of other fast-food chains. That makes it difficult for the company's 2,500 U.S. franchisees to raise wages for restaurant crews, it says.
"McDonald's sky-high rents leave franchisees financially squeezed, making it difficult to impossible for many of them to pay workers anything more than minimum wage," said Scott Courtney, executive vice president of the SEIU, in a press release announcing the request to the Illinois Attorney General's office and the California Department of Business Oversight.
“We are confident in the legality and appropriateness of our financial relations with our franchisees and our disclosures of those relationships," McDonald's said in a statement. "Our business model helps our franchisees secure prime real estate locations and reflects a significant level of company investment in the restaurant premises."
Officials in Illinois and California did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
McDonald's, unlike many other restaurant chains, either owns or holds long-term leases on its restaurant sites. It then leases or sublets properties to franchisees.
Last year, the fast-food company collected over $6.1 billion in rent from its more than 31,000 franchised restaurants, according to regulatory filings.
"This issue is always bubbling," said John Gordon, founder of Pacific Management Consulting Group.
SEIU's move comes a week after McDonald's Chief Executive Steve Easterbrook told investors that franchisees were overwhelmingly positive about the company's now two-year old turnaround plan, which depends in part on convincing restaurant operators that growth is strong enough to justify pricey property renovations.
Easterbrook in March told analysts that franchisees continue to generate cash flow growth at or near all-time highs in many of its markets around the world.
(Reporting by Lisa Baertlein in Los Angeles; Editing by Dan Grebler)
AUGUSTA, Georgia, April 6 Arnie's Army was out in force one more time on Thursday, storming the first tee at the U.S. Masters in a final salute to Arnold Palmer, their fallen leader.
There have been many tributes since the man known as "The King" passed away at the age of 87 last September but none could match the emotional connection Palmer had with Augusta National and the Masters - a tournament the swashbuckling golfer made important and won four times.
The year's first major got off to a sombre and poignant start as thousands of golf fans wearing commemorative buttons confirming their membership in Arnie's Army stood at attention during a moment of silence broken only by the sound of a chilly wind rustling through the trees.
Augusta National chairperson Billy Payne addressed the massive gallery, telling them it was a morning of unbearable sadness. Golf icons Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player then struck the opening ceremonial tee shots without their long time friend and rival at their side.
"Welcome to the 2017 Masters. It is a wonderful but, in one respect, a difficult day," said Payne. "For the first time in many many decades someone is obviously missing from the first tee.
"The almost unbearable sadness that we all feel by the passing of Arnold Palmer is only surpassed by the love and affection for him."
Before Nicklaus, a six-time Masters champion, hit their shot the Golden Bear looked to the heavens and waved their cap into the leaden skies in a clear salute to Palmer, whose Masters Green Jacket was draped over a white lawn chair to the side of the first tee.
After Player, who played in a record 52 Masters, sent their tee shot right Nicklaus stepped up and crushed their straight down the heart of the fairway, drawing a huge cheer signaling the 81st Masters was officially under way.
Later, Nicklaus and Palmer, both wearing Arnie's Army badges on the lapels of their Green Jackets, held court and paid homage to Palmer, a gentleman, fierce competitor and friend who made the Masters into one of sports great events.
"So Arnold came along (and) television was getting started. It was a time that the popularity of the game was really stimulated by Arnold," said Nicklaus.
"It was a time when the Masters were just sort of getting its feet wet with what's going on in the golfing world. Arnold was sort of the guy that made that popular and took the Masters from being a tournament to being one of the four biggest events in golf," Nicklaus went on.
"I think it was Arnold who took it to that. So my feeling was that, yes, the Masters made Arnold in many ways because of their wins but the other way around, I think Arnold made the Masters. Arnold put the Masters on the map and with their rise and their popularity, the Masters rose the same," they said.
"I think they were both very good for each other." (Editing by Mark Heinrich)
WARSAW Poland expects to sign a deal worth up to $7.6 billion (6.09 billion pounds) with U.S. firm Raytheon to buy eight Patriot missile defence systems by the end of the year, Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz said on Friday.
Warsaw sees the deal as central to a thorough modernisation of its armed forces by 2023, in light of what Macierewicz called "growing aggression and a growing threat from the East."
NATO member Poland has sped up efforts to overhaul its military following Russia's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula in 2014 and in response to Moscow's renewed military and political assertiveness in the region.
"Those systems allow us to guarantee the security of the Polish state," Macierewicz told a news conference.
The contract still requires approval from the U.S. Congress, as it involves a purchase of advanced military technology for which special permission must be obtained.
"It's premature to say that it is all done," Bill Schmieder, Raytheon's head for Europe, told the same briefing. "But we have very high hopes that the process will proceed normally."
The Patriot mobile missile defence interceptors are designed to detect, track and engage unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs), cruise missiles and short-range or tactical ballistic missiles.
Poland should receive the first of the Patriot systems within two years of signing the contract, Macierewicz said. All of the units would come with the Integrated Battle Command System (IBCS), designed to give commanders a better perspective of their operating environment to make better informed decisions.
Starting with the delivery of the third system, the Patriots will also be equipped with 360-degree rotating surveillance radars.
Poland spends about 2 percent of its gross domestic product on defence, in line with NATO's target. But some military officials are pressing for more, saying nearly two-thirds of hardware dates from the era when the country was in the Moscow-led Warsaw Pact.
(Writing by Lidia Kelly and Marcin Goettig; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
April 11 Australian shares are set to open flat on Tuesday, while BHP Billiton , saw its U.S.-listed shares rise after the miner rejected a plan by activist shareholder Elliott Advisors to scrap its dual company structure. BHP Billiton on Monday shot down a plan by activist shareholder Elliott Advisors to scrap the miner's dual company structure,saying the costs would outweigh any benefits. The local share price index futures dipped 2 points to 5,899, a 13.9-point discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark rose 0.9 percent to a near 2-year high on Monday. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index rose 1.96 points, or 0.03 percent, in early trade. (Reporting by Ambar Warrick in Bengaluru)
* Banks start reporting results on Thursday
* Delta Air rises on profit beat
* Futures down: Dow 19 pts, S&P 4.25 pts, Nasdaq 9.5 pts (Adds details, comments, updates prices)
By Yashaswini Swamynathan
April 12 U.S. stocks looked set to dip at the open on Wednesday as investors braced for the upcoming corporate earnings season amid mounting geopolitical risks.
The United States launched missiles at a Syrian airfield last week to retaliate a deadly chemical attack on civilians. The strikes pushed President Donald Trump, who came to power in January calling for warmer ties with Syria's ally Russia, and their administration into confrontation with Moscow.
Meanwhile, Chinese President Xi Jinping called on the U.S. for a peaceful resolution with North Korea, which has warned it would launch a nuclear attack if provoked by the United States, as a U.S. Navy strike group headed toward the western Pacific.
Investors are closely watching the quarterly earnings to support lofty valuations on Wall Street following a rally fueled by bets on Trump's pro-growth agenda. The big banks unofficially kick off the season on Thursday, with results due from JPMorgan , Citigroup and Wells Fargo.
"It would be very important what they (banks) offer as forecast because stock prices imply better times ahead and investors are looking for assurances and positive forecasts to be issued," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Dow e-minis were down 19 points, or 0.09 percent, at 8:17 a.m. ET (1217 GMT), with 28,815 contracts changing hands.
S&P 500 e-minis were down 4.25 points, or 0.18 percent, with 177,798 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were down 9.5 points, or 0.18 percent, on volume of 30,660 contracts.
Gold prices were flat but remained close to the highest level hit in November. The dollar index was also little changed, while oil prices edged up slightly.
Comments from Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan will be parsed for clues on interest rate hikes and the Fed's plans to trim its balance sheet. Kaplan is expected to speak at 10:00 a.m. ET. (1300 GMT)
Shares moving premarket included Whole Foods, which rose 2.8 percent to $34.50 after Bloomberg reported overnight that Amazon.com had mulled buying the organic food chain last year.
Delta Air Lines was up 2.8 percent at $46.55, following a quarterly profit that beat analysts' expectation.
(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
TORONTO Victor Li, co-chairperson of Husky Energy Inc (HSE.TO) and son of one of Asia's richest men, has agreed to acquire Reliance Home Comfort, a Canadian provider of heating and cooling systems, from U.S. investment firm Alinda Capital Partners for C$2.8 billion ($2.10 billion), Reliance said on Friday.
Li's acquisition comes through their CKP Canada vehicle, a unit of Hong Kong property developer Cheung Kong Property Holdings Ltd (1113.HK). Li is the heir to Hong Kong billionaire and property tycoon Li Ka-shing.
Barclays (BARC.L) was exclusive adviser to Li. Alinda's advisers were Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM.TO). Torys provided Alinda with legal advice.
Reliance provides heating, cooling and water services to both consumers and businesses. By renting water heaters and other equipment, Reliance Comfort has a recurring revenue stream that gives it the qualities of an infrastructure play.
Several U.S. private equity firms also looked at the asset, according to people familiar with the situation, who spoke on condition of anonymity because the discussions were private.
Reliance has expanded in recent years. It acquired National Energy Corp, a provider of water heater and HVAC home services, for C$505 million from Just Energy Group Inc (JE.TO) in 2014.
Along with its own SmartAir line, Reliance offers furnaces and air conditioners from United Technologies Corp's (UTX.N) Carrier, as well as the Goodman and Amana brands. Other players in the space include Canadian publicly listed companies Enercare Inc (ECI.TO) and Just Energy. Alinda is one the largest U.S. managers of pension funds for infrastructure investments. It has about $10 billion of assets under management. It has invested across the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and Germany, according to its website. Alinda's current investments include London's Heathrow Airport and Polish broadcast infrastructure firm Emitel.
($1 = 1.3334 Canadian dollars)
(Editing by Matthew Lewis)
April 3 Resonant Inc-
* Resonant expands licensing agreement with existing customer
* Resonant Inc - signed an extension to a licensing agreement with an existing customer, a rffe component vendor
* Resonant Inc - upfront payments and milestone payments have been agreed upon, but will not be disclosed due to confidential nature of such agreements
* Resonant Inc - expanded agreement encompasses development of resonant's fifth quadplexer, and second for customer
* Resonant Inc - extension covers design of resonant's fifth quadplexer for chinese market Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
ZURICH Credit Suisse Group (CSGN.S) can take its time on deciding whether to go ahead with a planned listing of its domestic banking unit, originally envisioned for the second half of 2017, Chairman Urs Rohner told the Weltwoche magazine.
"We are not under special time pressure," they said in an interview when asked how quickly the bank needed to decide.
Asked whether the bank could skip the IPO, they said: "The board will review with management this and all other options and decide which is the best long-term solution for the company and shareholders."
Citing sources familiar with the matter, Reuters has reported that Switzerland's second-biggest bank is also considering a stock sale at group level and was likely to make a decision in April on how to proceed.
(Reporting by Michael Shields and Oliver Hirt, editing by John Miller)
The man who says they sent out the false ballistic missile alert last month in Hawaii that caused more than a half hour of panic said Friday they think they are being treated unfairly, and they were positive at the time the drill was real.
The man, who said they don't want to be identified for security reasons, was fired by the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (HI-EMA) earlier this week. They told CNN on Friday that they feel terrible about what happened, but they did what they were trained to do.
They hope that by speaking out, they can help prevent a similar incident from happening in the 49 other states.
The drill began on the morning of January 13 as the man, who had been with the agency for 11 1/2 years, according to their lawyer, and their coworkers were just logging on to their computers at the beginning of their shifts, they said.
"I thought 100 percent it was real," said the former employee, who said they had been involved in about five prior missile drills.
The man said this time they never heard "exercise, exercise, exercise" over the secure phone for emergencies because someone picked up the handset before transferring it to a speaker.
The man said they heard the words "This is not a drill" in a voice they did not recognize and reacted as they were trained to do. They went on their computer and used a pull-down menu to send out the alert.
Bruce Oliveira, who conducted an HI-EMA investigation into the incident, said earlier this week that five other employees in the room heard the guidance that it was an exercise.
Oliveira, who retired from the Hawaii National Guard as brigadier general, also told reporters, "When it became apparent that the real-world alert was issued," the employee who sent it out "seemed confused, they froze and another employee had to take over their responsibilities."
The employee "had a history of confusing drill and real-world events," Oliveira said.
The man disagreed with the state's version of what happened and said there was no one in the room that said it was a drill.
The man blamed the incident on a variety of factors -- it was shift change, they and others lacked training, the drill was unannounced -- for the alert that wasn't corrected for 38 minutes.
They also said protocols for the drills they were involved in changed each time.
"The (state and the Federal Communications Commission) have false information in the reports," the man said.
Attorney Michael Green said their client was a scapegoat.
"No one was ready for this day," Green said by phone. "They were not ready and they were not programmed to do what they were supposed to do when this happened."
Green and their client pointed out there was no safeguard measures to withdraw the alert. Employees had to call in people from the IT department to get it canceled. The former employee said the whole thing was a failure in planning from top to bottom.
Report finds problems
An internal investigation found "that insufficient management controls, poor computer software design and human factors contributed" to the alert and a delayed correction message.
Maj. Gen. Joe Logan, Hawaii's state adjutant general, said Vern Miyagi, administrator of the state emergency management agency, resigned Tuesday.
Miyagi accepted full responsibility for the incident and the actions of their employees, Logan said. Another employee was suspended without pay and a third employee resigned before any disciplinary action was taken, Logan said.
Logan said they appointed Brig. Gen. Moses Kaoiwi, director of joint staff with the Hawaii National Guard, as interim agency administrator.
Recommendations are released
Oliveira made two dozen recommendations, including eliminating practice drills during a shift change, stronger confirmation prompts for those sending an alert, and improved training.
The former employee told CNN that the task they were assigned to do in sending the alert will now be a two-person job.
But they said that they think the military is better equipped for alerts. Before November, the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency's alerts were predominantly were about hurricanes, possible tsunamis and other Earth-driven events.
FCC report
Oliveira's findings echoed an Federal Communications Commission report issued Tuesday.
The FCC report said the emergency management worker thought the state was under attack and sent out the warning that sent residents into panic.
"Many things went wrong in Hawaii," FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said in a published statement. "I don't say this for the purpose of casting blame or disparaging Hawaiian officials. We simply need to identify the problems in order to fix them -- not just in Hawaii, but anywhere else where they may exist."
The worker would not speak to FCC officials in person and submitted the account of the incident in writing, the report noted. The man told CNN that it was three days before someone talked to them about the incident and that was when a supervisor asked them to write a statement.
They said they then missed more than a week of work due to stress-related illness after learning death threats had been made against them to agency officials. They said they saw a doctor for sleep issues. They also had their hearing tested (no issues there, they said).
Green said their client got stuck in the middle of an unprepared department and urged others to check with their state agencies to make sure they have a proper process in place.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
UPDATE 1-Qatar signs $12 bln deal to buy F-15 jets from U.S.
June 14 Qatar's Ministry of Defense said on Wednesday the country signed a deal to buy F-15 fighter jets from the United States for $12 billion.
April 20 Guangdong Vanward New Electric Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 5 percent to 40 percent, or to be 111.9 million yuan to 149.2 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (106.6 million yuan)
* Comments that market expansion and cost control are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/VSSlNS
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
FILE PHOTO: A combination of file photos showing Russian President Vladimir Putin at the Novo-Ogaryovo state residence outside Moscow, Russia, January 15, 2016 and U.S. President Donald Trump posing for a photo in New York City, U.S., May 17, 2016. REUTERS/Ivan Sekretarev/Pool/Lucas Jackson/File Photos
WASHINGTON/MOSCOW U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday moved to ease the tension from U.S. air strikes in April against Russian ally Syria, expressing a desire for a Syrian ceasefire and safe zones for the civil war's refugees.
The two leaders spoke by phone for the first time since U.S. relations with Russian were strained by the U.S. attack on a Syrian airfield. They two leaders set the foundation for what could be their first face-to-face meeting in July.
Statements from both the White House and the Kremlin suggested the two leaders had a productive conversation that included North Korea and fighting Islamist militants throughout the Middle East.
A senior Trump administration official said Putin had requested the call and described it as an effort to present their ideas for Syria.
Trump ordered 59 cruise missiles launched in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack that the United States blamed on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
The attacked prompted protests from Assad ally Russia, which blamed Syrian rebels for the use of outlawed nerve gas and said Assad was not at fault.
The White House said the two leaders agreed that "all parties must do all they can to end the violence" in Syria.
"The conversation was a very good one, and included the discussion of safe, or de-escalation, zones to achieve lasting peace for humanitarian and many other reasons," a White House statement said.
Trump during their presidential campaign last year frequently said they wanted safe zones established for Syrian refugees, paid for by Gulf states, to alleviate any need for the refugees to move elsewhere, including to the United States.
Candidate Trump had also expressed a desire for a U.S. alliance with Russia to fight Islamist militants, a goal that has been elusive since they took office on Jan. 20.
With a ceasefire ever elusive in Syria, the White House said Washington would send a representative to ceasefire talks in Astana, Kazakhstan, on Wednesday and Thursday.
The State Department said acting Assistant Secretary for Near Eastern Affairs Stuart Jones will attend as an observer.
The decision to send Jones to the talks, even as an observer, is an indication that the United States is taking the Astana talks more seriously. Previously, the U.S. ambassador to Kazakhstan George Krol had attended the talks as an observer.
The Kremlin said Putin and Trump agreed to step up dialogue on finding ways to strengthen a ceasefire and give it stability.
"The aim is to create the conditions for the launch for a real resolution process in Syria. This means that the Russian foreign minister and U.S. secretary of state will effectively inform the leaders about progress in this direction."
The White House statement said Trump and Putin also "spoke about how best to resolve the very dangerous situation in North Korea."
With North Korea's nuclear and ballistic missile programs posing a major global challenge, the two leaders also discussed how to go about resolving a crisis that has raised tensions throughout the Asia-Pacific.
Trump told Reuters in an interview last week that a "major, major conflict" was possible with North Korea, amping up pressure on Pyongyang to stand down and for China to rein in the north.
"The dangerous situation on the Korean peninsula was discussed in detail. Vladimir Putin called for restraint and for the level of tension to be reduced," the Kremlin said.
The two leaders also discussed having a their first face-to-face meeting on the sidelines of the G20 summit in Hamburg July 7-8, the Kremlin said.
(Additional reporting by Yeganeh Torbati; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and Grant McCool)
BRIEF-Fiera Capital announces the redemption of all series of class A shares
* Fiera Capital QSSP II Investment Fund and Fiera Capital, as manager of fund, announced they will redeem all series of class A shares of fund on August 31, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Britain Football Soccer - Arsenal v Manchester City - Premier League - Emirates Stadium - 2/4/17 Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic EDITORIAL USE ONLY. No use with unauthorized audio, video, data, fixture lists, club/league logos or 'live' services. Online in-match use limited to 45 images, no video emulation. No use in betting, games or single club/league/player publications. Please contact your account representative for further details. - RTX33QIR
Britain Soccer Football - Chelsea v Manchester City - Premier League - Stamford Bridge - 5/4/17 Chelsea's Eden Hazard has their penalty saved before scoring their second goal from the rebound Action Images via Reuters / John Sibley Livepic
Premier League-leading Chelsea's success on the pitch has been recognised by the Professional Footballer's Association (PFA) with Eden Hazard and N'Golo Kante making the shortlist for the organisation's Players' Player of the Year award.
The six-player list named on Thursday also includes Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane, Manchester United's leading scorer Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Everton striker Romelu Lukaku and Arsenal talisman Alexis Sanchez.
Chelsea's title charge has been led by Belgian winger Hazard, who has scored 14 goals, and defensive midfielder Kante, who is named for the second year in a row, the Frenchman having helped Leicester City win the Premier League last season.
With Arsenal looking unlikely to end their 13-year wait for the title, Sanchez has single-handedly kept the North London club in the hunt for a top-four finish with 18 goals this campaign.
Everton's Lukaku leads the race for the golden boot with 23 goals, followed by Kane on 19 goals.
Ibrahimovic, 35, has bagged 17 league goals in their first season in England, having joined United from Paris St Germain at the start of the campaign.
Spurs midfielder Dele Alli is in contention to retain their Young Player of the Year award, joined on that list by teammate Kane, Lukaku, Manchester City winger Leroy Sané, Sunderland goalkeeper Jordan Pickford and Burnley defender Michael Keane.
Alli, 21, joined from second-tier side Milton Keynes Dons in 2015 and their 16 goals and five assists have been crucial to second-placed Spurs' title hopes this season.
The award winner will be announced on April 23.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 29 HML Holdings Plc:
* Announce that it exchanged contracts for acquisition of Faraday Property Management a property management business based in Holborn
* Anticipates completion of acquisition will occur on 1 April 2017
* HML will purchase entire share capital of fpm for an initial consideration of 2.3 mln pounds on a cash-free, debt-free basis Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
News Desk
KARACHI: Since 2012, The Crafter's Guild under Firefly has facilitated and worked toward providing the local craft community with opportunities for growth, impact and collaboration. The 5th edition of The Crafter's Expo celebrated in Karachi at the Royal Rodale Club.
The event was home to over 120 stalls and echoed Happiness is Handmade in full fervor. Participants working in varying mediums showcased some of the finest of handmade and creative work. Artisans supported by rural organizations and NGO's in addition to members of the urban craft fraternity had been putting together work over the last 3 months for this year's highly anticipated craft show.
Highlights of this year included an event preview in collaboration with local sugar crafters and bakers to celebrate the 5th Crafter's Expo styled by All that Sparkle. High society, influential members of the community alongside heads of organizations and the media were also present. Supporting partners included local entrepreneurs and establishments including Sheops, WomenX, Women's Inc, Commune Artist Colony, Co. Pakistan, Parcel-It, Fiori Café, The Wish List, Pakistan Beauty Society, Nando's, Reef International, Entrepreneur Lounge, and HBL.
The journey over the years has brought together community, an evolution of the urban craft scene, as well as awareness of varying crafts and hobbies not previously practiced locally. A Demonstration Station in collaboration with Craft Circus brought forward free tutorials and techniques taught by fellow crafters to educate visitors and craft enthusiasts every hour. A sugar craft activity by Ayesha's Cakes occured in intervals throughout the day for young bakers and decorators.
Brands such as The Vintage Nerd, Busy Li'l Hands and Naeema Soomro Clothing were Guild Award recipients from the summer feat, The Indie Art & Craft Show.New participants to the show the likes of Happy Heart Factory, The Khussa Project, Khwaab, and Glass Greens in addition to favorites such as Artilicious, Bisera Jewels, Blends, TuttieCuttie Boutique, ZED MARS, Ghazal Pirzada Creative Studios, LaVie En Rose by Shafiaand Nida's Handmade Cards had gained popularity for this year's show during the pre-event hype.
The Guild Award, recognition for participants who share utmost dedication, creativity and craft fair spirit, was presented to three members of the show. The recipients included Hunar Paray, Flora, and Pebbles.
Firefly made a comeback with its new illustrations and quirky designs, while several ethnic fashion brands were supported foreigners. Food for your Face by Firefly launched its line of essential oils alongside showcasing its staple skin care. Hearty Chef, was a hit with its rendition of Burmese KhaoSuey.
Varah Musavvir, the driving force behind these shows, shared why the shows were imperative for the community as a whole. “We believe strongly in inclusion and celebrate the diversity of our participants.” They shared their pride in representing differently abled crafters the likes of Romina and Hussain, who had put together remarkable craft based work at the show. “Encouraging them is a way forward, this is the only way they will ever find motivation to grow, become better, and be involved. It's imperative for everyone to feel alive and a part of these platforms!”
Products such as Artisan Beauty, Home Décor, Lifestyle & Gifts, Fashion Accessories, Contemporary Fashion, Ethnic Crafts, Paper Craft and Sweet Treats were the variety on display.
The event was engaging, and a rather exciting feat for the people of Karachi once again.
MOSCOW, April 28 Russian fuel retailers say the authorities have told them to ensure any price rises do not exceed inflation in what is a pre-election year, a demand they say amounts to a price freeze and may bankrupt some independent outlets.
Vladimir Putin is widely expected to run for what would be a fourth presidential term in March next year. If they do, they are expected to win comfortably, but the authorities are known to be keen to ensure a high turnout amid signs of voter apathy.
In a country where almost 40 percent of the population drives and whose vast size means road transport is often the only option, fuel prices are politically sensitive. Price rises and gasoline shortages have prompted protests in the past.
Capping prices reduces the risk of social unrest and helps keep overall inflation in check, something that goes down well with voters. The government did a deal in 2012, the last time a presidential election took place, to limit prices.
Grigory Sergienko of the Russian Fuel Union, a lobby group representing 2,500 service stations, told Reuters their members had received recommendations from the authorities to cap fuel prices this year to ensure they not rise by more than inflation.
With inflation at a post-Soviet low and on track, according to the government, to fall to 4 percent later this year, that was painful for retailers, Sergienko said.
"(Economy Minister Maxim) Oreshkin has said inflation this year will be around 3.8 percent. That means a 3.8 percent (fuel price rise) is our reference point. That, in essence, is a price freeze."
Industry insiders and analysts said the move would squeeze already-thin profit margins and, while service stations controlled by oil majors would be fine, some independent ones might go out of business.
Gasoline prices in Russia have already risen by around 3 percent this year, leaving little room for further increases.
But the FAS, Russia's state anti-monopoly office, rejected Sergienko's assertion, saying the market - not the government -decided the price of gasoline.
"The market is not regulated. For the past few years prices at filling stations have been rising in line with or even a bit lower than inflation," said Dmitry Makhonin, an FAS official.
Pavel Bazhenov, from the Independent Fuel Union group, a lobby representing more than 700 independent filling stations, said they believed the authorities would stop any attempt by retailers to raise prices above inflation.
Independent retailers say they want prices to go up at least 10-12 percent.
There are more than 20,000 filling stations in Russia, with around half controlled by oil majors such as Rosneft and Lukoil. (Writing by Vladimir Soldatkin; Editing by Dale Hudson)
* Pan-European STOXX 600 index little changed
* Stada soars to new record after "generous" offer
* Hedge fund plan to unlock value in BPH boosts stock
* Barclays slips after whistleblowing probe hits CEO (Adds details, updates prices)
By Danilo Masoni
MILAN, April 10 Gains in mining giant BHP Billiton and fresh merger and acquisition activity in the pharmaceutical sector led otherwise flat markets in Europe on Monday.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index and Britain's FTSE 100 were little changed, while Germany's DAX inched 0.05 percent lower.
European shares joined a global stock market rally at the end of last year on growing optimism over the economic outlook but caution has stepped in over the past few weeks as the first-quarter earning seasons approaches and doubts over a fiscal stimulus in the United States have emerged.
"Markets continue to struggle to break out from of their main ranges," said Alessandro Balsotti, fund manager at JCI Capital in Milan. "In the last two sessions potential political, monetary and economic triggers were not missing but the effect on the various asset classes hasn't been significant."
The STOXX has gained just 0.1 percent over the past seven sessions - a significant slowdown since the sharp gains it saw after the election of U.S. President Donald Trump.
On Wednesday, German drugmaker Stada soared 11 percent, leading gainers on the STOXX index and hitting a fresh record high. The company said it had decided to support an offer from Bain Capital and Cinven for 66 euros per share, valuing the company at about 5.32 billion euros.
"We believe this is very generous to Stada's shareholders and recommend they accept the offer," James Vane-Tempest, equity analyst at Jefferies, said in a note.
Fresenius inched up 0.2 percent after saying it was in talks with the generic drugmaker Akorn for a potential takeover.
While Fresenius said there could be no assurance that a deal would result from the talks, one trader in Frankfurt said a key question was how would the group eventually pay for the possible acquisition. "Capital hike or not?," they said.
BHP Billiton rose 4.8 percent, leading a positive mining sector, after hedge fund manager Elliott Advisors put forward a proposal to unlock value from the mining giant.
Eliott sent a plan to BHP directors to unlock shareholder value by scrapping the miner's London Stock Exchange listing, demerging its U.S. oil arm and revising its capital return policy.
Gains among miners and pharma were offset by weaker energy stocks and financials.
In the financial sector, Barclays fell 0.2 percent after news that British regulators were investigating the bank and its CEO, Jes Staley, over the handling of a whistleblowing incident. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Andrew Heavens)
UPDATE 1-Iceland cuts rates again as tourism strengthens crown currency
COPENHAGEN, June 14 Iceland's central bank has cut its key interest rate for the fourth time in less than a year in response to a tourism boom that has strengthened the crown currency to levels not seen since a major banking crisis struck the North Atlantic island almost a decade ago.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
BRASILIA (Reuters) - Boeing proposed to the Brazilian government on Thursday night a deal excluding Embraer's defense business from a new vehicle for a partnership between the two planemakers, a Brazilian government source with knowledge of the talks told Reuters on Friday.
Another Brazilian government source earlier told Reuters that the latest proposal for a tie-up between Boeing (BA.N) and Embraer SA (EMBR3.SA) would include the creation of a third company.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring their attacking philosophy to AS Roma as they were officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
BRDO PRI KRANJU, Slovenia (Reuters) - Europe is not ready for another economic downturn and the next crisis could test the limits of the European Central Bank, potentially pushing interest rates much deeper into negative territory, ECB board member Benoit Coeure said on Friday.
Having fought off Europe's debt crisis with a 2 trillion euro (£1.8 trillion) spending spree, some ECB officials are concerned that governments have used their time poorly, failing to improve the bloc's shock absorption capacity and leaving it vulnerable to future shocks.
Arguing that many of the institutional failings that caused the last crisis are still unresolved, Coeure warned that even a small downturn could create large economic and social costs.
“The next crisis may well force the ECB to test the limits of its mandate,” Coeure, one of ECB President Mario Draghi's top deputies, told a conference in Slovenia.
“Depending on the nature of the next crisis, policy action might require taking short-term rates much deeper into negative territory,” they said. “Or it might require purchases of assets that are riskier than public or corporate debt. Or it may draw us dangerously close to monetary financing of governments.”
Although the ECB has already reduced its stimulus measures since the height of the crisis, its deposit rate stands at a record low of minus 0.4 percent and it holds more than two trillion euros worth of sovereign and corporate debt, all with the aim of keeping borrowing costs super low.
Coeure argued that flexible markets, including an integrated financial market, should be the first line of defence because they absorb shocks efficiently. But only a fraction of the European Union's reform proposals have been accepted.
A finalised capital markets and banking union would also diversify and reduce risk by limiting the financial burden on governments and taxpayers, Coeure argued.
Goldman-backed startup Circle launches no-fee foreign payments service
PARIS/NEW YORK, June 15 Blockchain-based payments startup Circle Internet Financial on Thursday launched an international online money transfer service that allows people in the United States and Europe to send money to each other instantly and at no cost as it seeks to tear down borders in the payments world.
March 31 Wecast Network Inc
* Wecast Network announces Q4 and full year 2016 results
* Wecast Network Inc - basic and diluted loss per share for 2016 was $0.72 as compared to a $0.34 loss per share in in 2015
* Wecast Network - raising full-year revenue guidance form $280 million to $300 million based on current visibility of, and internal projections for, 2017
* Wecast Network Inc - Q1 2017 revenue will be based on approximately 5 weeks of revenue from our new businesses
* Wecast Network Inc - "expect revenues to ramp in Q2, Q3 & Q4" Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
April 28 SBI Holdings Inc
* Says it lowered the conversion price for 2017 due euro-yen denominated convertible bonds to 1,419.9 yen per share, from 1,453.1 per share, effective April 1
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/avf7CQ
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
RIO DE JANEIRO, April 3 Brazil's government expects to raise at least 24 billion reais ($7.7 billion) in oil and gas auctions through 2019, Energy Ministry Executive Secretary Paulo Pedrosa said on Monday.
The auctions, which include presalt exploration areas, should raise at least 8.5 billion reais in 2017, Pedrosa said. Proceeds from the sale of distribution companies held by state energy holding company Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA , may be divided between the company, known as Eletrobras, and the federal Treasury, they said.
($1 = 3.11 reais) (Reporting by Rodrigo Viga Gaier; Writing by Ana Mano; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)
People hold placard during a protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Bernadett Szabo
People walk during a protest against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
People protest in Heroes' square against a new law that would undermine Central European University, a liberal graduate school of social sciences founded by U.S. financier George Soros in Budapest, Hungary, April 12, 2016. REUTERS/Laszlo Balogh
BUDAPEST Thousands of Hungarians protested in central Budapest on Wednesday against what they fear is a crackdown on free thought and education by government proposals to restrict foreign universities and non-government organisations.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who has advocated a self-styled "illiberal democracy", has said strong national governments were necessary to preserve the European way of life in the face of migration and multiculturalism -- at odds with liberal beliefs.
Protesters filled the capital's Heroes' Square and formed a heart shape and the word 'CIVIL' from human bodies. It was the fourth major street demonstration in the last two weeks as the government faces growing resistance a year before elections are due.
"They have pressed ahead since 2010 with new moves every day that hurt democracy in some way," Robert Ferenczi, a 55 year-old protester from Budapest, told Reuters.
"Lately they seem to have sped up that effort. I don't know how far they can go. I always think there is no way to up this ante, but they always do."
The protest drew a big crowd despite an apparent reversal of one law that targeted Central European University, founded by Hungarian-American George Soros and widely seen as a bastion of liberal thought in central Europe. [L8N1HK1AK]
It still leaves in place another bill, which would require non-governmental organisations with foreign donations of at least 7.2 million forints ($24,500) to register with authorities and declare themselves as foreign-funded.
STIGMA
NGO's have said the bill stigmatises them.
"They should cooperate so we can solve real problems together," said Kriszti Kovacs, an activist with Bagazs, a group that works on the integration of Roma slums into mainstream society.
"This hurts us, not by the data we have to publish because we already publish them, it hurts us through the ideology that it brings, the discrimination, the rejection of civil input, of undermining our operations, and trying to turn society against us, who work the most for it."
Critics have said Orban's effort to stifle dissent is akin to a similar push by President Vladimir Putin of Russia, a country which Orban has said it wanted to emulate in Hungary.
Orban's moves have enraged their critics but failed to dent their political dominance, with their Fidesz party a runaway leader in all polls and the fragmented opposition chasing from afar.
The Hungarian leader, whose power over the media and the courts, as well as a growing dominance of people loyal to them in many business sectors, gives them a choke hold that is seen unlikely to be wrested form them next year.
The government in a statement on Wednesday framed the NGO and the university issues in the context of migration, another area where Orban has locked horns with the West.
"Pressure on Hungary has begun in order to induce the Hungarian government to surrender on the issue of migration," spokesperson Zoltan Kovacs said in an emailed statement.
"This is the common point in the views of the Soros organisations and the (European) Commission in Brussels. Hungary is ready for debates, but we are not going to yield an inch as far as the issue of immigration is concerned."
(Reporting by Marton Dunai; Editing by Angus MacSwan)
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Raysearch Laboratories Ab (Publ) :
* MITCHELL CANCER INSTITUTE, US, SELECTS RAYSTATION FOR TOMOTHERAPY Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Reporting By Stockholm newsroom)
WASHINGTON, April 29 For the second time in a month, tens of thousands of protesters are expected to turn out in Washington on Saturday to voice concern over climate change in a mass demonstration marking the 100th day of Donald Trump's presidency.
The Peoples Climate Marches in dozens of cities including the U.S. capital, are part of a broader effort to build momentum behind candidates with strong environmental records for next year's midterm elections and the 2020 presidential race, organizers said.
"We're using this as a tactic to advance the strategy of building enough power to win on climate over the course of the long haul," said Paul Getsos, national coordinator for the Peoples Climate Movement. Sponsors of Saturday's events include labor unions, the Sierra Club and civil rights groups.
As a side theme, marchers will protest Trump's crackdown on illegal immigrants and other issues championed by the maverick Republican billionaire.
Since Trump's inauguration on Jan. 20, there have been national protests focused on issues ranging from abortion rights to immigration and science policy.
Last weekend, thousands turned out for the March for Science, a de facto protest against what activists call a denial in Trump's Washington of evidence-based science.
Trump's administration is considering withdrawing from the Paris Agreement, which more than 190 countries signed in hopes of curbing global warming. Trump has also proposed deep cuts for the Environmental Protection Agency.
In their campaign, Trump called climate change a hoax. Last month they kept a promise to the coal industry by undoing climate-change rules put in place by their predecessor, Democrat Barack Obama.
Myron Ebell, a climate change skeptic at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, a libertarian think tank, said the march would have little impact on the administration.
"The real decisions are made in this country in elections, and we have now a president and a House and a Senate that are determined to pursue a pro-energy agenda," they said by telephone.
Environmental activists believe public opinion is on their side. A Gallup poll this month showed 59 percent of Americans agreed environmental protection should take priority over increased U.S. energy production.
Trump representatives had no immediate comment on the planned protest.
In the main event in Washington, protesters will march from the Capitol to surround the White House, then hold a rally. Dozens of "sister" marches are planned for other North America locales, from Anapolish Royal, Nova Scotia, to Dutch Harbor in Alaska's Aleutian Islands. Overseas, about three dozen events range from a protest in Vienna to a tree-planting event in Zambia. (Reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by David Gregorio)
(Repeats story published late on Tuesday)
* "No" campaigners turn to online music videos
* Mainstream media saturated by pro-government rallies
* Vote being held under post-coup state of emergency
By Mehmet Emin Caliskan
IZMIR, Turkey, April 11 Strolling down the quayside in Izmir, a liberal bastion on Turkey's Aegean Coast, Kubilay Mutlu and their Street Orchestra sing of "the naked emperor" and the collapse of sultanates in a bid to rally "no" voters ahead of Sunday's historic referendum.
With mainstream media saturated by pro-government campaigning ahead of the vote on broadening President Tayyip Erdoğan's powers, those opposed to the changes are seeking alternative channels to get their message across.
"No" supporters have complained of threats and bans from the authorities, and a report by one non-governmental group said television coverage of the "yes" campaign had been ten times more extensive than that of the opposition.
"What we want to stress, despite the pessimistic picture, is that 'no' is a very important option. Let's use our right to object," said Mutlu, whose band, made up of teachers and students from a local university, put their song "One 'no' is enough" on video-sharing site YouTube.
Sunday's referendum will decide on the biggest change in Turkey's system of governance since the foundation of the modern republic almost a century ago, potentially replacing its parliamentary system with an executive presidency.
Erdoğan and their supporters say the change is needed to give Turkey stronger leadership at a time of turbulence. Opponents fear increasingly authoritarian rule from a president they cast as a would-be sultan who brooks little dissent.
The vote is being held under a state of emergency imposed after a failed military coup nine months ago, meaning there are "substantive" limitations on freedom of expression and assembly, according to the Venice Commission, a panel of legal experts at the Council of Europe.
Turkey has purged more than 113,000 people from the police, judiciary, military and elsewhere since the coup attempt, and has closed more than 130 media outlets, raising concerns among Western allies about deteriorating rights and freedoms.
The leaders of the pro-Kurdish opposition HDP, parliament's third-largest party, have been jailed over alleged links to Kurdish militants along with a dozen of its MPs and thousands of its other members. The HDP opposes the constitutional changes.
"The extremely unfavourable environment for journalism and the increasingly impoverished and one-sided public debate that prevail in Turkey at this point question the very possibility of holding a meaningful, inclusive democratic referendum campaign," the Venice Commission said last month.
Turkish officials have said international observers are free to monitor all aspects of the referendum and have repeatedly rejected the notion that the media is muzzled, saying that outlets shut down in the purges were closed on terrorism-related charges, not for their journalism.
Erdoğan was quoted in February as saying there was more press freedom in Turkey than in many Western countries.
DOMINATING THE AIRWAVES
A stream of music videos exhorting people to vote "no" have emerged on social media, as opposition politicians complain that the playing field ahead of the vote is far from level.
In one such video, which has had close to 400,000 views on YouTube, a women's group appeals to listeners to use "power of laughter" in a song entitled "ha ha ha, hayir", a play on the Turkish word for 'no'.
"They have the media, meeting halls, municipalities and resources in their hands. But stubbornly we try to touch people on the streets, through social media," Dilara Yucetepe, who was part of the project, told Reuters.
Another 'no' video draws on imagery from anti-government demonstrations in 2013, when hundreds of thousands of people took to the streets in what grew from a protest against the redevelopment of an Istanbul park into a broad show of defiance.
State broadcaster TRT interviewed Kemal Kilicdaroglu, leader of the main opposition CHP, on Friday evening and was set to interview a spokesperson for the HDP on Tuesday, a development the party described on its Twitter feed as "seemingly unbelievable".
Such appearances are relatively rare, all but drowned out by the multiple speeches each day by Erdoğan, Prime Minister Binali Yildirim and others broadcast live on all the major networks.
According to a report by the Unity for Democracy (DIB), an opposition-affiliated organisation, live television broadcasts from March 1-20 period dedicated 169 hours to Erdoğan, 301.5 hours to the ruling AK Party and 15.5 hours to the nationalist MHP, which supports the "yes" campaign.
The CHP had 45.5 hours of coverage while the HDP had none, the report said. A Turkish court last week banned the HDP's "no" campaign song on the grounds that it contravened the constitution and fomented hatred.
In a report published on the party's website, CHP lawmaker Necati Yilmaz said "no" campaigners had faced 143 incidents of pressure, threats and bans by the end of March.
"While the state's resources and financial power are being used to boost the 'yes' vote, its legal, administrative and security forces are used to clamp down on 'no'," they said. (Writing by Daren Butler; Editing by Nick Tattersall and Anna Willard)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Troubled doorstep lender Provident Financial has appointed acting chairperson Malcolm Le ‎May as its CEO with immediate effect, the company said on Friday.
Le ‎May, who was appointed to Provident's board in 2014, fills a position that has been open since August, when a second profit warning in quick succession prompted the departure of CEO Peter Crook and suspension of its dividend.
The British sub-prime lender has been hit by unresolved problems at its door-to-door lending business, with the group's woes compounded by investigations by Britain's financial watchdog into two of its units. ($1 = 0.7014 pounds)
April 28 Russian consumer electronics retailer M.video:
* SAFMAR Group has acquired 57.7 percent of M.video from Alexander Tynkovan and their partners at the price of $7 per M.video share, SAFMAR Group said in a statement;
* M.video will be renamed SAFMAR Retail and will become the management company for retail chains M.video and Eldorado, as well as the Marketplace (goods.ru) project;
* Retail chains M.video and Eldorado will continue to be developed separately;
* Alexander Tynkovan will continue to serve as General Director of M.video (SAFMAR Retail);
* Alexander Tynkovan and Pavel Breev will purchase a 20 percent stake in the equity of Marketplace;
* The regulatory conditions set forth by Russia's Federal Anti-Monopoly Service with regards to the transaction will have no material impact on the business of SAFMAR Retail;
* On April 28, 2017, SAFMAR Group made a voluntary tender offer to minority shareholders of M.video concerning the acquisition of their ordinary shares in the company at the price of $7 per share;
* The tender offer will remain open for a period of 71 days. Further company coverage: (Reporting by Moscow Newsroom)
Dec 10 (Reuters) - Former Cameroon international Benjamin Massing, whose crunching tackles at the World Cup in 1990 earned them an infamous reputation, died aged 55 on Sunday, local media reported.
The defender's scything body check on Claudio Caniggia in the opening game against Argentina in Milan was later dubbed the worst tackle in World Cup history.
It reinforced an unwanted reputation of defensive brutality that surrounded Cameroon's unprecedented run to the quarter-finals of the tournament, going further than any African side had done before.
Massing was sent off in the opening game of the 1990 World Cup and sat out the next three, but returned to play against England in the last eight in Naples where they gave away a penalty for a tackle on Gary Lineker as Cameroon were beaten 3-2 in extra time.
Massing, who played in France at Creteil, won 34 caps for their country between 1986 and 1992.
The cause of their death was not reported. (Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Bloemfontein; Editing by Toby Davis)
* Nacional fans mocked rivals at Wednesday's game
* Nacional won the first leg 1-0
* Second leg is scheduled for Feb 7 (Updates, changes lead, adds quotes)
São Paulo, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Brazilian football club Chapecoense, whose squad was almost entirely wiped out in a 2016 plane crash, called on authorities to expel Nacional from the Libertadores Cup on Friday after their fans were caught making mocking airplane gestures.
An investigation was opened into Wednesday's incidents by South American football's governing body CONMEBOL.
CONMEBOL asked Nacional to present their defence by Feb 8, a day after the teams meet in the second leg of their qualifying match. Nacional won the first leg 1-0 in Brazil.
Chapecoense requested that “the judgment take place before Feb 7 or that the game be delayed until after the judgement”.
“Chapecoense is asking for Nacional to be excluded from the ... Libertadores,” the club said in a statement.
The Uruguayan club apologised on behalf of their fans in an open letter published on Thursday and a day later identified one of those responsible and stripped them of their club membership.
“Unfortunately, lots of sick minds channel their irrationality into sporting events,” Nacional said as they expressed their “profound shame”.
They did not name the banned member but instead referred to them by their membership number.
Chapecoense were travelling to the final of the Copa Sudamericana to play Colombian side Atletico Nacional in November, 2016 when the plane carrying their team crashed into a mountainside outside Medellin.
Seventy one of the 77 people on board, including all but three of the Chapecoense squad, died in the crash.
The small club from southern Brazil rebuilt last year and managed to reach the qualifying rounds of the Libertadores, the South American equivalent of the Champions League.
The Brazilians, however, lost the first leg at home on Wednesday to a goal from Santiago Romero.
The result gives the Uruguayans a slim advantage to take into the second leg in Montevideo next week. The winner will qualify for the third and final qualifying round ahead of the group stages.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
The owner of a New South Wales central coast holiday village has been ordered to pay nearly AU$19,000 (NZ$21,000) in compensation to an elderly handyman they sacked on the spot like "some sort of Donald Trump".
Anthony Morley filed an application for unfair dismissal with the Fair Work Commission in November last year after being summarily dismissed from the Two Shores Holiday Village at The Entrance by owner Raymond Smith, news.com.au reported.
The 62-year-old, a casual employee who had tended the gardens and performed general maintenance duties at the village since 2012, drew the ire from Smith for failing to fix a sprinkler system, allegedly resulting in a number of plants dying.
"As the conversation developed, the applicant rejected the suggestion that any loss of flora was caused by any inadequate watering on their part, and they reiterated that they needed parts in order to repair the irrigation/sprinkler system," Fair Work documents state.
Advertisement
"At this point in the conversation, Smith said, inter alia [among other things], that the applicant had had two years to fix the irrigation/sprinkler system and then they told the applicant that they were 'let go'.
"The applicant asked if they were being sacked, and Mr Smith confirmed the termination of the applicant's employment, and advised the applicant that they were given one week's notice of their dismissal from employment."
Morley's lawyer told the Fair Work Commission that Smith, who visited the village several times a year with their wife and co-owner, had gone along with the sprinkler system being inoperable for years and had suddenly changed their mind.
They argued the sudden change of mind did not constitute a valid reason for Mr Morley's dismissal. They criticised Smith's decision to act alone without consulting the other directors of the company, including the couple's daughter, who lived at the site and was responsible for its day-to-day management.
"Mr Smith took this off their own bat and it appears to be some sort of Donald Trump, making all the decisions himself," they told the hearing.
The lawyer for Two Shores Holiday Village argued that there was a valid reason for Morley's dismissal because they fundamentally refused to follow instructions.
They said Morley made a conscious decision to refuse to repair the sprinkler system in direct defiance of the specific and repeated instructions, and fundamentally did what they thought was appropriate rather than what they were told.
Fair Work Commissioner Ian Cambridge found in favour of Mr Morley, arguing that they had "no warning" that failure to repair the sprinkler system "was an issue that threatened their continued employment".
"On the contrary, the applicant had an understandable belief that the employer tolerated the extensive delay with any repair to the irrigation/sprinkler system," they said. "The decision to dismiss the applicant was made by Mr Smith in an outburst of frustration and for reasons that were not sound, well-founded or defensible."
Cambridge said a "conscious failure to comply with the reasonable direction" would "often provide for valid reason for dismissal".
"However, in circumstances where the direction given by the employer is not of a nature where it would be reasonably apparent that failure to comply would jeopardise continued employment, it is necessary for the direction to be accompanied with a warning of the potential consequences of any failure to comply," they said.
Cambridge ordered Two Shores Holiday Village to pay Morley 20 weeks' wages of AU$19,096, minus a AU$500 loan which had not been repaid, for a total of AU$18,596.
- News.com.au
SAN ANTONIO, April 3 A prominent wine industry business person and financial manager pleaded guilty in federal court in San Antonio on Monday to stealing millions of dollars from retired National Basketball Association superstar Tim Duncan.
Charles Banks, 49, faces up to 20 years in prison during their sentencing, due in June. They were indicted by a grand jury of two counts of federal wire fraud on suspicion of bilking the NBA star, court records unsealed in September showed.
Banks pleaded guilty to one count of wire fraud, regarding an investment they urged Duncan to make in a firm called Gameday Entertainment, which Banks headed.
After the hearing, Duncan, who played their entire NBA career with the San Antonio Spurs, told reporters: "I greatly appreciate the work of the Department of Justice and others who have seen the wrongs committed and helped me take action in the hope that others will never have to go through this."
According to court documents, Duncan's losses totaled $13.5 million in investments and loan guarantees made to Gameday, which went out of business this year.
Prosecutors said much of that money went into Banks' pockets.
Defense lawyers said in court on Monday some of that money has been forgiven by the banks that provided the original loans.
Duncan is also suing Banks in civil court.
Banks is the founder of Terrior Capital, a financial management fund that works in the wine and hospitality industry.
Duncan retired at the end of last season after 19 seasons with the Spurs.
The scam was discovered when Duncan's ex-wife consulted a financial planner to put together a property settlement for their divorce, court documents said. (Reporting by Jim Forsyth; Additional reporting by Jon Herskovitz; Editing by Richard Chang)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Federal environmental regulators say they'll consult with states on managing contamination from a range of long-used non-stick coatings.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Monday it would hold a May summit with state officials. The session will focus on a family of industrial chemicals used for decades in everything from non-stick pans to food wrappers to bags for microwaveable popcorn. The chemicals are known as perfluoralkyls and polyfluoralkyls, or PFAs. Studies now link long-term exposure to the industrial chemicals to increased risks of cancer, hormone changes and other disturbances.
Researchers say water supplies serving millions of Americans show potentially dangerous levels of the contaminants.
The EPA says it will use input from state officials to develop a new management plan for the chemicals this year.
Facebook Inc. shares are on pace to post their largest percentage decline in four years, as the company comes under fire from regulators for allowing a third-party group to access user information without those people's permission.
The social-networking giant is facing its latest bout of scrutiny over the role third-party groups played in using Facebook's FB, -6.77% platform during the 2016 presidential election. Regulators in the U.S. and U.K. have criticized the company for allowing Cambridge Analytica, a data firm that helped the Trump campaign, to access data on users without their express permission and hold that data for years despite saying that it had destroyed those records.
The stock plunged 6.8% in midday trading Monday. That would be the biggest one-day percentage decline since it tumbled 6.9% on March 26, 2014. The price decline of $12.53 would be the biggest since Facebook went public in May 2012.
Monday's rout has wiped away almost $40 billion in market value from Friday's close of $537.67 billion. The stock closed right at its 200-day moving average, a closely watched trend tracker that currently extends to $172.54, according to FactSet.
Many analysts acknowledged that the latest episode represents a public relations and regulatory risk to Facebook, though they were divided on the company's ability to weather such challenges.
“It appears that data access by the original app developer was properly permissioned (i.e., this was not a ‘breach' per se) and we note that Facebook has since upgraded its user privacy functionality and app review process to prevent similar abuse,” wrote Wells Fargo analysts led by Peter Stabler. “Nonetheless, this episode appears likely to create another and potentially more serious public relations ‘black eye' for the company and could lead to additional regulatory scrutiny.”
Wells Fargo has a buy rating on the stock and a $230 price target.
GBH Insights analyst Daniel Ives commented that this new wave of scrutiny could prompt Facebook to make additional tweaks to its news feed and broader platform. “It's clear with more ‘heat in the kitchen from the Beltway' that further modest changes to their business model around advertising and news feeds/content could be in store over the next 12 to 18 months,” they wrote.
Facebook announced at the start of the year that it would begin to prioritize content from friends and family members over content from publishers, and the company said on its latest earnings call that changes intended to de-emphasize viral videos had resulted in users spending 50 million fewer hours per day on the platform. Facebook has been able to overcome such issues so far, posting strong growth despite significant increases in ad prices.
Ives believes that Facebook “can keep regulators at bay” through investments in security, screening, and artificial intelligence but thinks that the next few weeks will require Facebook to “hand hold and assure its users and regulators around tighter content standards and platform security.” Ives rates Facebook stock “highly attractive” and has a $225 price target.
Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Wieser, one of just two analysts with a sell rating on the stock, said they do not expect the latest revelations to pose a near-term risk for Facebook.
“This episode is another indication of systemic problems at Facebook, although the company's business won't likely be meaningfully impacted for now because we don't think advertisers will suddenly change the trajectory of their spending growth on the platform,” Wieser wrote. The company may face “enhanced” risk now, from a regulatory perspective and in terms of what it allows third-parties to measure, according to Wieser. They think advertisers may grow frustrated if Facebook begins restricting various types of measurements.
Stifel analyst Scott Devitt said Facebook hasn't moved swiftly enough to address security concerns about its platform and that the company has been too quick to brush off concerns from critics. They believe the changes Facebook needs to make to restore user trust and tackle these security issues could “ultimately lead to lower engagement and negative monetization implications.” Devitt rates the stock at hold with a $195 target.
Facebook's debacle helped push the broader tech sector XLK, -1.98% lower. Shares of Twitter Inc. TWTR, -1.69% were down 1.7%, while shares of Snap Inc. have lost 3.4% SNAP, -3.47% and shares of Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -3.03% were off 3%.
The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -1.84% fell 1.8%, posting steeper losses than the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.35% and S&P 500 SPX, -1.42% each off 1.4%.
(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc on Thursday reported a profit near $2 billion, the largest in its history, as the online retailer drew millions of new customers to its Prime fast-shipping club for the holiday season and as changes to U.S. tax law added to its bottom line.
Shares rose more than 6 percent in extended trading, after previously closing down 4 percent on the Nasdaq.
Seattle-based Amazon is using fast shipping, television shows exclusive to its website and forays into new technology, such as its voice-controlled Alexa devices, to attract high-spending Prime members. Amazon said price cuts at Whole Foods Market, which it acquired for $13.7 billion last year, are helping it win grocery sales, too.
The world's largest online retailer said net income more than doubled to $1.86 billion, or $3.75 per share in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31. Its profit received a provisional $789 million boost from the U.S. Republican tax bill passed in December. Analysts on average were expecting just $1.85 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. (tmsnrt.rs/24gibla)
“This was another blow-out quarter for Amazon,” said GBH Insights analyst Daniel Ives. “The retail strength was eye-popping as the company had a banner holiday season and looked to capture roughly 50 percent of all e-commerce holiday season sales.”
As expected, the period running from before the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday through New Years was Amazon's biggest-ever by revenue. Sales rose 38 percent to $60.5 billion in the quarter, beating estimates.
The company's fast delivery, like its two-hour Prime Now service, has helped win over holiday shoppers eager to avoid the crowds of big box retailers. Prime saw more than 4 million sign-ups in one week alone last quarter, and revenue from subscription fees grew 49 percent to $3.2 billion, Amazon said.
That figure is expected to rise this quarter in part because the company recently raised the fee for month-to-month Prime plans, affecting some 30 percent of subscribers, according to analysts at Cowen & Co. Some 60 million, or close to half of all U.S. households, are estimated to have Prime subscriptions.
Advertising and other revenue rose 62 percent to $1.74 billion.
Brian Olsavsky, Amazon's chief financial officer, said on a call with analysts that advertising was “a key contributor” to the company's growing profit margin. Alphabet Inc's Google on Thursday reported ad revenue of $27.2 billion by comparison.
Perhaps the surprise star of the past quarter was Amazon's voice aide Alexa, embedded in the company's Echo speakers and Fire TV players, as well as some cars and house gadgets. Millions of Amazon customers ordered goods by voice with Alexa in the past year, said Olsavsky on a separate call with reporters.
“Our 2017 projections for Alexa were very optimistic, and we far exceeded them,” added Jeff Bezos, Amazon's founder and chief executive, in a statement. “We don't see positive surprises of this magnitude very often — expect us to double down.”
Signs mark the Amazon Fulfillment facility in Everett, Massachusetts, U.S., February 1, 2018. REUTERS/Brian Snyder
HEAVY SPENDING
Amazon's stock has outperformed the S&P 500, rising almost 50 percent since the start of the fourth quarter to Thursday's close, compared with the S&P's 12 percent rise.
Its shares trade at a premium to those of many peers. The stock's price-to-earnings ratio is nearly 12 times that of cloud computing rival Microsoft Corp, for instance.
Amazon Web Services (AWS), which is dueling with Microsoft to handle data and computing for large enterprises, saw its profit margin expand from the third quarter.
This was a “sign of platform strength despite increasing competition,” said Baird Equity Research analyst Colin Sebastian in a research note.
AWS posted a 45 percent rise in sales to $5.1 billion.
Amazon said it expects operating profit in the current quarter of between $300 million and $1 billion. Analysts were expecting $1.5 billion, according to analytics firm FactSet.
Olsavsky, Amazon's CFO, told reporters, “We're still in heavy investment mode.”
Related Coverage Amazon stock market value on verge of eclipsing Microsoft
The company has become notorious for running on a low profit margin. Yet its big bets on new services and entry into new industries have reaped shareholders rewards over the past decade, including its founder Bezos, now the richest man in the world.
Amazon continues to spend on a wide array of areas. It is expanding its retail footprint outside the United States, particularly in India, and almost doubled its international operating loss to $919 million in the fourth quarter. Amazon's global headcount is up 66 percent from a year ago at 566,000 full-time and part-time employees, thanks to a hiring spree and an influx of workers from Whole Foods Market.
And earlier this week, it announced a partnership with JPMorgan Chase & Co and Berkshire Hathaway Inc to determine how to cut health costs for hundreds of thousands of their employees.
The company said it plans to spend more on video content this year as well, with a prequel television series to “The Lord of the Rings” in the works. Analysts estimate Amazon spent $4.5 billion or more in 2017.
“Revenue and margins vastly exceeded expectations, and cost control was impressive, so that's what people are focused on,” said Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter, adding, “It's clear that they will spend a lot more in 2018.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Family calls for inquest into Gloriavale teen's death
Prayer Ready, 14, died in 2015, after choking on their dinner while shut in a room with their family.
The following factors could affect Italian markets on Wednesday.
Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy. New items are marked with (*).
For a complete list of diary events in Italy please click on .
DEBT
Treasury sells 4.0-4.5 billion euros 0.35 percent BTP bonds due June 15, 2020; 2.0-2.5 billion euros 1.85 percent BTP bonds due May 15, 2024; 1.5-2.0 billion euros 2.25 percent BTP bonds due Sept. 1, 2036; 0.5-1.0 billion euros 3.5 percent BTP bonds due March 1, 2030. Subscriptions close at 0900 GMT.
ECONOMY
Italy on Tuesday approved emergency deficit cuts for this year, as promised to the European Commission, and said the economy would continue to grow only modestly this year and next. (*) Italy is on the road to recovery and it is unthinkable it could leave the euro, the head of the European Union's executive arm Jean-Claude Juncker told La Repubblica newspaper on Wednesday.
Reuters releases quarterly poll on Italian economy (1020 GMT).
COMPANIES
MEDIASET, TELECOM ITALIA, VIVENDI
Italy's communications authority is set to decide on April 18 whether stake building by France's Vivendi in Italian broadcaster Mediaset breaches Italian antitrust regulations, a source close to the matter said on Tuesday.
(*) MEDIASET, BANCA MEDIOLANUM
Italy's Fininvest, the holding company of former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi which owns 30 percent of Banca Mediolanum, said on Wednesday the Bank of Italy had given it 18 months to sell its shares in Banca Mediolanum exceeding 9.99 percent. Fininvest controls Mediaset.
(*) UNICREDIT
The bank, which has old credit lines with airline Alitalia to the tune of 500 million euros and new ones for 65 million euros, is ready to convert its loans into equity in return for a public guarantee on contingent equity and any eventual new credit lines, La Repubblica said.
BANCO BPM
Banco BPM said on Tuesday 29.25 percent of securities in the subordinated note buyback of around 640 million euros were tendered at April 7.
BANCA MONTE DI PASCHI DI SIENA
Annual general meeting (0730 GMT).
BANCA CARIGE
Citi and Credit Suisse, working for the bank as advisors on a rescue plan though without any formal mandate, have suggested the lender begin with bond conversion and then proceed with a capital increase along the lines of Monte dei Paschi, Il Messaggero said.
ENI
Algeria could change its hydrocarbons law to boost energy partnerships with foreign firms and draw more investment into its oil and gas sector, Energy Minister Nourredine Bouterfa said in a statement on Tuesday.
JUVENTUS
The Turin club beat Spain's Barcellona on Tuesday night in the quarter a Torino nella partita di andata dei quarti di finale della Champions League.
FERROVIE DELLO STATO (IPO-FERRO.MI)
CEO Renato Mazzoncini and European Parliament President Antonio Tajani attend conference on the reform of the railway system in Rome (1200 GMT).
PRADA
Releases FY results and holds conference call (1200 GMT).
UBI BANCA
Roadshow to celebrate 10-year anniversary in Bari (1330 GMT).
PIAGGIO
Annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings (0900 GMT).
PRYSMIAN
Annual and extraordinary shareholders' meetings (1230 GMT).
For Italian market data and news, click on codes in brackets:
20 biggest gainers (in percentage)............
20 biggest losers (in percentage).............
FTSE IT allshare index
FTSE Mib index........
FTSE Allstars index...
FTSE Mid Cap index....
Block trades..........
Stories on Italy...... IT-LEN
For pan-European market data and news, click on codes in brackets: European Equities speed guide................... FTSEurofirst 300 index.............................. DJ STOXX index...................................... Top 10 STOXX sectors........................... Top 10 EUROSTOXX sectors...................... Top 10 Eurofirst 300 sectors................... Top 25 European pct gainers....................... Top 25 European pct losers........................ Main stock markets: Dow Jones............... Wall Street report ..... Nikkei 225............. Tokyo report............ FTSE 100............... London report........... Xetra DAX............. Frankfurt market stories CAC-40................. Paris market stories... World Indices..................................... Reuters survey of world bourse outlook......... Western European IPO diary.......................... European Asset Allocation........................ Reuters News at a Glance: Equities............... Main currency report:...............................
Stocks ended modestly higher Monday, nudging the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Dow Jones industrial average to record highs.
Technology stocks accounted for most of the gains. Health care stocks also rose, making up for losses in banks and industrial companies. Traders also had their eye on bitcoin futures on their first day of trading.
On Monday:
The S&P 500 index rose 8.49 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,659.99, a record.
Advertisement
The Dow gained 56.87 points, or 0.2 percent, to 24,386.03, a record.
The Nasdaq composite added 35 points, or 0.5 percent, to 6,875.08.
The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks slipped 1.88 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,519.84.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 421.16 points, or 18.8 percent.
The Dow is up 4,623.43 points, or 23.4 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 1,491.96 points, or 27.7 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 162.71 points, or 12 percent.
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
March 30 The U.S. Justice Department will appeal a ruling from a Hawaii federal judge which granted an injunction blocking President Donald Trump's revised restrictions on travel from some Muslim-majority countries, it said in a court filing on Thursday.
The appeal will be considered by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco, which last month upheld a suspension of Trump's first travel order. (Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Richard Chang)
UPDATE 2-U.S. regulators still reviewing Fiat Chrysler diesel vehicle fix -lawyer
WASHINGTON, June 14 A U.S. Justice Department lawyer said at a court hearing on Wednesday it could take "weeks or months" before regulators decide whether to approve a software fix for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV diesel vehicles.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 29 KUNGSLEDEN AB
* FINAL RESULT OF KUNGSLEDEN'S RIGHTS ISSUE
* RIGHTS ISSUE HAS BEEN FULLY SUBSCRIBED, THEREBY RAISING GROSS PROCEEDS OF APPROXIMATELY SEK 1,638 MILLION BEFORE ISSUE COSTS
* SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD ENDED ON MARCH 24, 2017
* IN TOTAL, 35,696,520 ORDINARY SHARES CORRESPONDING TO APPROXIMATELY 98.1 PERCENT OF RIGHTS ISSUE WERE SUBSCRIBED FOR WITH EXERCISE OF SUBSCRIPTION RIGHTS Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Former Guatemalan football federation president Brayan Jimenez (L) exits the Brooklyn Federal Courthouse in the Brooklyn borough of New York March 2, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
ZURICH Former Guatemalan football chief Brayan Jimenez has been banned from the sport for life for offences which included "bribery and corruption", FIFA's ethics committee said on Monday.
Jimenez, also a former member of a FIFA committee for fair play and social responsibility, was among several dozen officials who were indicted in the United States in 2015, sparking the biggest corruption scandal in the history of the global soccer body.
They pleaded guilty to racketeering and corruption charges before a U.S. judge in July and is due to be sentenced on April 28.
The ethics committee said in a statement that Jimenez, who headed the Guatemala FA from 2009 to 2015, had been found to have violated six articles of FIFA's own code of ethics.
It said that Jimenez "asked for and received bribes" from sports marketing companies in relation to the award of television and sponsorship rights for World Cup qualifiers in Central America, and for Guatemala's participation in international friendlies.
"As a consequence, the official is banned for life from all football-related activities (administrative, sports or any other) at national and international level," the statement said.
The U.S. district attorney said at the time of Jimenez's plea bargain that the bribes they accepted totalled "hundreds of thousands of dollars".
Several other officials have also pleaded guilty and are awaiting sentencing, others have pleaded not guilty and are awaiting trial and some are in their homeland where they are fighting, or have avoided, extradition.
Meanwhile, former FIFA president Sepp Blatter has been banned from the sport for six years and is the subject of criminal proceedings by the Swiss attorney general's office.
(Writing by Brian Homewood; editing by Mark Heinrich)
A BP logo is seen at a new petrol station on the outskirts of Mexico City, Mexico March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
LONDON BP (BP.L) has no plan to build new refineries despite growing oil production and will focus on modernising existing plants while expanding its network of filling stations to generate $3 billion in additional cash.
The group's head of refining told Reuters that even though BP's output was set to spike as new fields become operational, its attitude to refining remains more cautious.
"Are we going to invest in more greenfield refining in BP? Probably not," said Tufan Erginbilgic, who has worked in refining since 1990.
They said BP was happy with its refining portfolio although it could sell some assets in downstream - which combines refineries with chemicals plants and infrastructure such as storage.
Refining of crude oil into fuels such as gasoline, diesel and jet fuel has for years been the industry's problem child, having to grapple with weak and volatile profit margins as well as competition from modern refineries built in China, India and the Middle East.
The problems are compounded by the prospect of more energy-efficient cars, aircraft and heating, tighter marine fuel standards, the rise of electric vehicles and slowing consumption growth.
A push to modernise and streamline BP's refining, trading and marketing - known as downstream activities - generated $5.6 billion in free cashflow last year, up 25 percent from 2014 despite refining margins at 12-year lows, Erginbilgic said.
Erginbilgic, who became downstream chief in 2014, said they are aiming for a $3 billion increase in free cashflow by 2021.
"We will sell one or two assets, making very good money today because the tide went up for these assets," they told Reuters.
SMALLER PORTFOLIO
Refining proved to be extremely valuable for integrated oil companies, offsetting much of the losses from production operations during the two-year tumble in oil prices that started in 2014.
Erginbilgic says BP's investment decisions are driven by an expected global push towards greater energy efficiency and its belief that demand growth will slow in the next 20 years to reach about 112 million barrels per day (bpd) from 96 million bpd today.
Overcapacity and weak demand growth will probably prompt more refiners to close plants in Europe, they said. In the United States, refineries will benefit from rising production and booming exports to growing Asian markets.
Last year BP and Russia's top oil company, Rosneft (ROSN.MM), dissolved a refining joint venture in Germany. In the United States, BP invested billions of dollars in modernising its Whiting refinery near Chicago, originally built in 1889 by John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil Company.
BP is by no means the only oil major embracing a strategy rethink to adapt to evolving markets. Rivals including Shell (RDSa.L) and France's Total (TOTF.PA) have undergone deep portfolio reviews in recent years, selling and closing many operations.
BP was forced to start asset sales long before the oil price collapsed, in part to raise money for litigation costs relating to the Gulf of Mexico oil spill.
The company has sold or converted 16 plants since 2000 and today operates or has a stake in 11 refineries and 17 petrochemicals plants.
It is seeking to sell its 50 percent stake in Chinese petrochemicals joint venture SECCO, its largest investment in China, Reuters reported last year.
POCKETS OF GROWTH
Though Shell and trading company Vitol, among others, expect gasoline and diesel demand to peak between 2020 and 2030, some refining segments still represent solid growth stories, Erginbilgic says.
Petrochemicals will not suffer any significant slowdown because energy efficiency doesn't reduce demand for plastics, particularly in Asia, they said.
BP's trading operations are expected to benefit from growing global crude trade on the back of abundant U.S., Canadian and Brazilian production and rising energy demand in Asia, they added.
BP is also betting on expanding its network of petrol stations with high-end convenience stores at a time other majors, including Shell and Exxon Mobil (XOM.N), have been shrinking their vast but often basic networks.
In Britain, BP operates its chain with retailer Marks & Spencer (MKS.L). In Germany, it teamed up with REWE.
Late last year it agreed to buy a chain of stations from Australia's top grocer Woolworths (WOW.AX) for $1.3 billion and Erginbilgic said BP's model could be expanded to markets such as Mexico, Indonesia, China and India.
Erginbilgic said the marketing business, which also includes lubricants, can deliver an extra $2 billion in cashflow by 2021, twice as much as refining and petrochemicals.
(Editing by David Goodman and Dale Hudson)
Join the Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce for the July Business After-Hours event from 5 to 7 p.m. this Wednesday, July 17 at Rancho La Patera & Stow House, 304 N. Los Carneros Road.
Enjoy a glass of wine and great networking while enjoying the newly restored gardens.
The evening will also feature the grand opening of the Goleta Valley Historical Society's community-created exhibit “Capturing the Goodland: Picturing the Beauty & History of the Goleta Valley.”
This year, the Goleta Valley Historical Society asked local photographers of all ages to submit photos of their favorite people and places for the exhibit. Check it and and discover some of the talent and beauty in our own backyard!
The cost is $10 for members or $15 for nonmembers. Click here to register.
For more information, contact Shelby Sim at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.967.2500 x5.
A special thank you to Venoco Inc. for co-sponsoring this event.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
FILE PHOTO: The Union flag,The Scottish Saltire and The European flag fly at the Scottish Parliament in Edinburgh Scotland, Britain March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
MADRID Spain, at loggerheads with Britain over Gibraltar, appears to be easing its opposition to an independent Scotland in the European Union, saying it would not block such a move at least initially.
The Scottish independence drive -- now resuscitated by the prospect of Britain's departure from the EU -- is highly controversial in Spain because of the secessionist movement in Catalonia.
As a result, Madrid has long been seen as an obstacle to an independent Scotland joining the EU after Brexit. But its foreign minister, Alfonso Dastis, threw that in doubt on Sunday.
"Initially, I don't think we would block it," they said in an interview published in El Pais.
However, they added Scotland would have to leave the EU with Britain, and "the rest we will see".
They also said Spain did not welcome fragmentation of the Europe.
"Having said that, if, in application of its laws, the outcome of that process is a division of the United Kingdom, any part of the United Kingdom that becomes a state and wants to join the EU will have to apply. And follow the steps that are stipulated," they said.
The comments come after a week in which the issue of Gibraltar, a British oversees territory on Spain's south coast, has stirred tensions between London and Madrid.
The EU has said that, following Brexit itself, no future EU-Britain pact that affects Gibraltar can be made without Madrid's approval.
Britain has reacted sharply, saying its support for the territory, ceded by Spain in 1713 and which wants to remain British, is "implacable".
Dastis refused talk about veto rights when it comes to Gibraltar but said they viewed the EU's stance very positively.
"When the United Kingdom leaves the EU, the EU partner is Spain, and in the case of Gibraltar the EU is therefore obliged to take the side of Spain," they said. "I do not think it's necessary to talk about vetoes".
SCOTLAND
Dastis said that Spain's stance to not bloc attempts by Scotland to join the EU had nothing to do with Catalonia, where a vehemently pro-independence local administration took power in 2015 and with whom tensions are high.
"In Scotland there was a referendum in accordance with the laws," they said, referring to the 2104 vote to remain in Britain. "In Spain it can not be in accordance with the Constitution. They (Scotland and Catalonia) are not comparable cases."
Catalonia has vowed to hold an official referendum on its potential split from Spain later this year.
Dastis said its stance to not bloc attempts by Scotland to join the EU had nothing to do with Catalonia. "In Scotland there was a referendum in accordance with the laws. In Spain it can not be in accordance with the Constitution. They are not comparable cases", Dastis said.
Regarding Brexit in general, Dastis said Spain preferred a "soft Brexit" -- one in which Britain remained linked through such things as tech single market -- though they doubted this would be possible.
However they said Spain wanted to have a close relationship with Britain.
"As close as possible to what we have now. If that is to be defined as Brexit soft I am not uncomfortable with that," they said.
(Reporting by Jesús Aguado; Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
April 28 Kuros Biosciences AG:
* Proposes election of four new board members
* Proposes to upcoming general meeting election of professor Clemens Van Blitterswijk, Frank-Jan Van Der Velden, Giacomo Di Nepi and dr. Ivan Cohen-Tanugi as new members of board Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
A combination picture shows portraits of candidates for the second round in the 2017 French presidential election, Marine Le Pen (L), French National Front (FN) political party leader, and Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche!, (Onwards!). Picture taken March 2, 2017 (L) and April 13, 2017 (R). REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Supporters of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, react at the Parc des Expositions hall in Paris after early results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, France, April 23, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
LONDON The euro jumped to its highest since mid-November in early trading on Sunday, after early projections indicated that centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right Marine Le Pen had made it to the second round of the French presidential election.
Markets had been worried that the far-left, eurosceptic Jean-Luc Melenchon, who had surged in the polls in recent weeks, could jump ahead of Macron to make it into the final runoff against Le Pen, giving voters a choice between two radical candidates who would threaten the future of the EU.
As investors breathed a collective sigh of relief, the euro soared 2 percent to $1.09395 EUR=, its highest level since Nov. 10, the day after the results of the U.S. presidential election, as some markets opened in Asia.
Against the yen, which investors tend to flock to when they perceive high levels of risk, the euro jumped as much as 3 percent to trade at a five-week high of 120.905 yen EURJPY=EBS.
The yen fell more than 1 percent against the dollar JPY.
Against sterling, the euro rose 1.4 percent to 85.005 pence EURGBP=D3.
(Reporting by Jemima Kelly; Editing by Dale Hudson)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
LONDON, March 29 Ford and Ryanair warned on Wednesday of the risks of Brexit including disruption to flights and tariffs on cars which could hurt Britain and damage businesses, on the day the prime minister was launching divorce proceedings from the EU.
U.S. carmaker Ford, Britain's biggest automotive engine-maker, low-cost airline Ryanair and German media group Bertlesmann issued warnings as Britain began two years of formal EU talks.
Ford, a major beneficiary of free trade across the continent where it builds cars in Germany and vans in Turkey, warned that Theresa May must retain unfettered trade.
"Any deal must include securing tariff-free trade with the wider Customs Union and not just the EU27, whilst retaining access to the best talent and resources," Ford of Europe president Jim Farley said.
"It also is critical that a transitional period is put in place to ensure that customers are not penalized and to maintain free trade."
Turkey is not part of the EU but is in the EU customs union.
Most international firms which publicly expressed an opinion ahead of last June's referendum backed Britain remaining in the European Union, fearful of extra costs, trade barriers and unpredictable currency swings.
May has said they will take Britain out of the European single market but will seek the best possible access to the European markets and establish better trade ties with other nations.
Since the Brexit vote, some firms have announced major investments in Britain with Facebook saying it would hire more staff and Google announcing a new flagship building in London.
But others are concerned that trading conditions vital to their operations could be lost.
Irish airline Ryanair said flights between Britain and the European Union risk being suspended in 2019 if Britain does not prioritise a new aviation deal.
Britain will have to renegotiate access to the single aviation market, whereby airlines based in the EU have the right to fly to and from any country in the bloc or even within other member states.
German media conglomerate Bertelsmann said on Tuesday it may have to reconsider London as the base for its intellectual property operations.
"We have made an impact analysis," Chief Executive Thomas Rabe said.
"In about a year's time we will have to come to a decision, when the impact of the Brexit will become more clear." (Additional reporting by Conor Humphries in Dublin and Harro Ten Wolde and Jörn Poltz in Berlin; editing by Stephen Addison)
CASTELLUCCIO, Italy Over seven months after a devastating earthquake hit the central parts of Italy, farmers from the Umbria region are hoping that their fields of lentils can help revive local agriculture and tourism.
Escorted by the military through unstable tunnels along the road, around 20 tractors reached the plains at the foot of the Sibillini mountains for the first time since October, to ready the land for sowing the lentil seeds.
The lentils grown near the village of Castelluccio are one of the many typical regional products, including saffron and cured hams, whose production and sale have been hit by multiple earthquakes last year which killed nearly 300 people and destroyed thousands of homes and businesses.
Italy's main farming association Coldiretti has estimated at 2.3 billion euros ($2.4 billion) the cost of the direct and indirect damage done to rural areas, barns, machinery, mills, storehouses and infrastructure and the destruction of animals and crops.
"Returning to Castelluccio ... is a rebirth for everyone, it is truly a symbolic moment. We need to go up to start the work anew, to start the new crops and to give our youth the possibility to start a new life," said Gianni Coccia, president of the Cooperative of Castelluccio Lentils.
Much of Castelluccio was destroyed by especially powerful quakes in August and October, which lowered the land in the area by up to 70 cm (28 inches) and ripped up many access roads.
The territory around the quake epicenter is mainly used for agriculture and animal rearing, with over 25,000 small companies, the majority of which are family-run, and almost 300,000 hectares (740,000 acres) of crops.
Known across the country and abroad, the tiny lentils are a symbol of the area and are grown over 500 hectares on an upland area 1,400 meters (4,560 ft) above sea level.
Seeds this year will be planted a month later than usual but locals trust it will be done in time for the fields to burst into the bright colors of the so-called "Fiorita" - stunning blossoms created by rows of poppies, gentians and narcissus that sprout in June next to the lentil plants.
The natural show of reds, yellow and blues usually attract hundreds of thousands of visitors and is a key date in the local tourism calendar.
"It is important to support the area so that reconstruction of towns goes in parallel with the recovery of the economy, which in this area is linked to food and tourism," Coldiretti president Roberto Moncalvo said.
Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni has approved a draft law to help people affected by the quakes, including 35 million euros to compensate farmers for lost income.
(Writing by Giulia Segreti; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
South Sudanese families queues for vaccination in Lamwo after fleeing fighting in Pajok town across the border in northern Uganda April 5, 2017. REUTERS/James Akena
A South Sudanese refugee woman carries their child and belongings as they talk to a Uganda People's Defence Forces (UPDF) soldier after crossing into Uganda at the Ngomoromo border post in Lamwo district, northern Uganda, April 4, 2017. REUTERS/Stringer
A displaced boy from South Sudan stands next to family belongings in Lamwo after fleeing fighting in Pajok town across the border in northern Uganda April 5, 2017. REUTERS/James Akena
An elderly woman displaced by fighting in South Sudan rests by their belongings in Lamwo after fleeing fighting in Pajok town across the border in northern Uganda April 5, 2017. REUTERS/James Akena
South Sudanese families displaced by fighting queue for vaccination in Lamwo after fleeing fighting in Pajok town across the border in northern Uganda, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/James Akena
South Sudanese families displaced by fighting queue for vaccination in Lamwo after fleeing fighting in Pajok town across the border in northern Uganda, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/James Akena
South Sudanese families displaced by fighting, queue for vaccination in Lamwo after fleeing fighting in Pajok town across the border in northern Uganda, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/James Akena
An elderly woman displaced by fighting in South Sudan rests by their belongings in Lamwo after fleeing fighting in Pajok town across the border in northern Uganda, April 5, 2017. REUTERS/James Akena
NGOMOROMO, Uganda Hundreds of South Sudanese refugees fled into Uganda for a second day on Wednesday, bearing further grim testimony of an attack by government forces on the border town of Pajok in which at least 17 people were killed, according to a Reuters tally.
Some were shot as they tried to flee. Others had their throats slit before their bodies were strung up from door frames. Two children were run down by a car.
The testimony from the refugees, more than 3,000 of whom have gathered just inside the Ugandan border, offers a glimpse of the brutality of a three-year civil war ripping apart the world's youngest nation.
The government denies its Sudan People's Liberation Army (SPLA) forces target civilians and said Monday's operation in Pajok, a town of more than 10,000 people 15 km (10 miles) north of the Ugandan border, was to flush out rebel guerrillas.
Reports that its soldiers had killed residents were untrue, SPLA deputy spokesperson Colonel Santo Domic Chol said. Their troops had orders to refrain from entering and taking over Pajok, they said.
"This is not true. It is just a manufactured campaign against the SPLA. Some people are not happy, because the SPLA flushed out bandits and rebels who have been controlling Pajok for the last two years," they told Reuters by phone.
"What I know is that the bandits are looting and killing the population in Pajok, starting on Friday, Saturday."
South Sudan, which split away from Sudan in 2011 after decades of conflict, has been mired in civil war since President Salva Kiir sacked their vice president Riek Machar in 2013.
TOWNS EMPTYING
Password Okot, 30, a farmer, told how they lost two brothers.
Having fled the initial fighting, they crept back to their home in Ywayaa village on Pajok's outskirts to collect their belongings. There they saw government soldiers grab their brother, 35-year-old mechanic Ayela Peter, from a crowd, tie their ankles, slit their throat and sling up their body in a doorway.
"When they saw them slaughtering my brother, people scattered and started running. When they were running, they shot my other brother," Okot said at the Ngoromoro border crossing.
The fighting has caused the biggest refugee exodus in Africa since the 1994 Rwandan genocide, and the United Nations said in December it had evidence of ethnic cleansing by both government forces and rebels, with soldiers showing callous disregard for civilian life.
Two refugees spoke of the SPLA troops overrunning Pajok's hospital and killing a medical worker.
Omal Koloro, 52, a business person, said the medic was a doctor called Aloka who had tried to prevent SPLA soldiers from entering the compound. Four others at the hospital were also killed, Koloro said.
In another incident, they said children were targeted as they ran across a bridge at the first outbreak of gunfire. "Two were run over and two they just shot," they said.
The Pajok assault is the latest in a string of attacks in the fertile Equatoria region that is emptying towns and villages near the border with Uganda and Democratic Republic of Congo.
More than 1.5 million people have fled in the last nine months, nearly two thirds of them to Uganda, which is struggling to cope.
The Ugandan government and United Nations refugee agency (UNHCR) are scrambling to complete a half-built refugee settlement near Ngomoromo for the latest arrivals, who are living in the bush at the Ugandan border.
"We're trying to work out the best place for them to be accommodated," UNHCR spokesperson Alvin Gonzaga said. "We're trying to ready the site but we need the signature of the landowners."
Even when they reach the relative safety of a settlement camp, many refugees face an agonizing wait for loved ones who went missing in the panic two days ago.
The phone signal to Pajok has been cut.
"My mother is still there," Okot said. "We don't know whether she's alive or dead."
(Editing by Janet Lawrence)
This story is about
OAKLAND, CA - JUNE 12: Draymond Green #23 of the Golden State Warriors celebrates in the final moments of their 129-120 win over the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 5 of the 2017 NBA Finals at ORACLE Arena on June 12, 2017 in Oakland, California. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)
Newy Scruggs, sports anchor at NBC5 in Dallas-Fort Worth (KXAS-TV) and radio host weekly from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. on NBC Sports Radio Sirius XM 213/202 and NBCSportsRadio.com, answered questions during a live chat Wednesday. Here are some highlights:
Question: Is there any lesson for the Mavericks buried in this year's NBA Finals?
Scruggs: Yes -- draft better.
Question: What year is a realistic goal for the Mavs to be back as a real contender?
Scruggs: I can't put a year on what the Mavericks can do until I see what the club does in the NBA draft and free agency.
One player can dramatically change a franchise. Look at Houston getting James Harden, or the LeBron James effect in Miami and Cleveland.
April 6 Airbus Group Se
* Airbus says on 5 April 2017 placed U.S. $750 million in U.S. dollar bonds with a 30-year maturity and a fixed coupon of 3.950 percent. Further company coverage: (Reporting By Andrew Callus)
Swedish prosecutor closes SCA probe without charges
STOCKHOLM, June 15 A Swedish prosecutor said on Thursday that a bribery investigation regarding representatives of forestry group SCA had been closed without resulting in any charges.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Credit Suisse Ag
* Credit Suisse Ag announces its intent to suspend further issuances of its CSLS ETNS
* Credit Suisse - action does not affect an investor's ability to offer etns to Credit Suisse Ag for repurchase as described in pricing supplement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
LONDON British housebuilder Bovis (BVS.L), which was subject to two failed buyout bids earlier this year, said it would take a 2.8 million-pound hit from the talks and a review conducted in February after the firm warned on profits.
Bovis, which said sales so far this year is in line with reduced building expectations, warned on profits at the end of 2016 after it failed to build enough homes, prompting its chief executive to quit.
In April, British housebuilder Galliford Try (GFRD.L) pulled out of a 1.2 billion pound attempt to buy Bovis (BVS.L) after the two failed to agree on price, a week after another potential suitor Redrow (RDW.L) also pulled out.
"The group will incur one-off advisory fees of around 2.8 million pounds related to the merger proposals... and the group's strategic review announced in February," the firm said.
Bovis has hired former Galliford chief Greg Fitzgerald and shareholders will vote on their pay during Tuesday's annual general meeting.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Kate Holton)
Manchester United v FC Rostov - Europa League Round of 16 Second Leg - Old Trafford, Manchester, England - 16/3/17 Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic shoots against the post Reuters / Andrew Yates Livepic
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic is relishing their time at the Premier League club and is in talks to extend their contract, saying they "never leaves a job unfinished".
In November, manager Jose Mourinho said United planned to extend their initial one-season deal by another year but according to media reports Ibrahimovic wants a two-year contract.
Ahead of the league game against West Bromwich Albion on Saturday, the Swede told reporters: "I enjoy... I go in, I go for the kill and I go out. And when I go out there are no complaints, that's what I do. I never leave a job unfinished.
"Let's see what happens, we are talking. I have an option for another year, I want to do great as long as I'm here, so let us see, there is a lot of time," they added.
The 35-year-old Ibrahimovic has scored 26 goals in 41 appearances for United since joining on a free transfer from Paris St Germain last year, helping them to lift the League Cup in February, and reach the last eight of the Europa League.
United, who are fifth in the table, face a challenging April with nine games on the schedule including the Manchester derby and hosting runaway league leaders Chelsea.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru: editing by Julian Shea)
By Krishna V Kurup April 10 Southeast Asian stocks began the week on a sluggish note as rising geopolitical worries soured investor sentiment. Broader Asian stocks struggled, with MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan falling for a third consecutive session, heading back to a three-week low tested on Friday. "There is a bit of risk-off sentiment after last week's U.S. air strike in Syria and the news saying that the U.S. military is sending an aircraft carrier group near the Korean peninsula," said Victor Felix, an equity analyst with AB Capital Securities. Profit-taking was likely to set in after markets in the region rallied last week, they added. After the United States launched missile strikes on a Syrian air base alleged to have launched a deadly poison gas attack on Syrian civilians, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson warned that the strikes were a warning to other nations, including North Korea. A U.S. Navy strike group will be moving toward the western Pacific Ocean near the Korean peninsula as a show of force, a U.S. official told Reuters on Saturday, as concerns grow about North Korea's advancing weapons programme. Thai shares were down 0.2 percent, with industrials and material stocks falling the most. Energy shares were the only gainers in the region, supported by steady oil prices. Airports of Thailand Pcl shed 1.3 percent, while PTT Pcl gained 0.3 percent. Indonesian shares were flat. Local institutional investors were taking profits, while foreign investors were buying, said Taye Shim, head of research at Jakarta-based Mirae Asset Sekuritas. "Foreign investors were net building positions in the banking space," Shim added. Financial stocks gained, with Bank Central Asia Tbk Pt and Bank Rakyat Indonesia (Persero) Tbk Pt rising 1.3 percent and 0.8 percent, respectively. The index of the region's 45 most liquid stocks fell marginally. For Asian Companies click; SOUTHEAST ASIAN STOCK MARKETS: Change at 0518 GMT Market Current Prev close Pct Move Singapore 3176.64 3177.27 -0.02 Bangkok 1579.97 1583.53 -0.22 Manila 7596.64 7583.75 0.17 Jakarta 5652.241 5653.486 -0.02 Kuala Lumpur 1738.42 1741.72 -0.19 Ho Chi Minh 729.77 727.95 0.25 Change on year Market Current End 2016 Pct Move Singapore 3176.64 2880.76 10.27 Bangkok 1579.97 1542.94 2.40 Manila 7596.64 6840.64 11.1 Jakarta 5652.241 5296.711 6.71 Kuala Lumpur 1738.42 1641.73 5.89 Ho Chi Minh 729.77 664.87 9.8 (Reporting by Krishna V Kurup in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Christina Martina; Editing by Amrutha Gayathri)
Divide over listing location slows Aramco IPO - WSJ
June 14 Saudi Aramco's planned 2018 public share offering is being slowed down by a divide between Saudi Arabia's ruling family and executives of the kingdom's state oil company over where to list its shares, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday.
Venezuelan flags are seen during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Veron
A demonstrator holds up a sign with a picture of opposition leader Henrique Capriles during an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. The sign reads: 'Vote for your future'. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Opposition leader Henrique Capriles raises their arm as they arrive at an opposition rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator throws a petrol bomb towards an office of the Supreme Court of Justice during a rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
Demonstrators barricade the front of an office of the Supreme Court of Justice during a rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
A demonstrator throws a petrol bomb towards an office of the Supreme Court of Justice during a rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
A woman walks away from tear gas during a rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
A demonstrator reacts while building a fire on the street during a rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
Demonstrators barricade the front of an office of the Supreme Court of Justice as another throws a petrol bomb during a rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Marco Bello
REUTERS/Isaac Urrutia FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
Opposition supporters gather near an anti-riot barricade with graffiti that reads 'coup' during a rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro's government in Maracaibo, Venezuela April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Isaac Urrutia FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES.
REUTERS/Isaac Urrutia FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES. TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
A man spray paints graffiti that reads 'coup' on an anti-riot barricade during a rally against Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro's government in Maracaibo, Venezuela April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Isaac Urrutia FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVES. TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY
A demonstrator reacts while building a fire on the street during a rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
A demonstrator walks while building a fire on the street during a rally in Caracas, Venezuela, April 8, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Garcia Rawlins
CARACAS Protesters clashed with security forces during protests in Venezuela on Saturday after a ban on a top opposition leader from office breathed life into a fractured movement and fueled the first sustained anti-government demonstrations since 2014.
Thousands of people, some carrying signs reading "Dictator Maduro!" and "Elections now!" in support of banned leader Henrique Capriles, took part in marches across the country against unpopular leftist President Nicolas Maduro.
Saturday's protests extended a week of unrest sparked by last week's Supreme Court decision in which it assumed the role of the opposition-led congress. The action was quickly overturned, but the global outcry it sparked galvanized the opposition.
Security forces blocked the march in Caracas, as they did during two other protests this week, prompting violent confrontations.
Protesters lobbed rocks and petrol bombs and burned trash in the street while authorities responded with a volley of tear gas.
"The government is afraid. If it were not afraid, it would not close the streets. ... It would not disqualify Capriles," said 27-year-old lawyer Gikeissy Diaz, adding that half of their graduating class has left the country and that they are thinking of doing so, too.
Capriles, a two-time presidential candidate and current Miranda state governor, who was seen by many as the opposition's best chance in the presidential election scheduled for 2018, on Friday was banned from holding political office for 15 years.
The order from the national comptroller's office cited "administrative irregularities" including breaking contracting laws and improper management of donations, according to a copy of the ban.
The ban triggered condemnation from other Latin American countries and the United States, which said it was "deeply troubled by the persecution" of Venezuela's opposition.
"We also reject the rationales the Maduro government proffers for its repressive actions, which, when closely examined are spurious and, politically-motivated, and without basis in domestic or international law," a U.S. State Department spokesperson said on Saturday.
'PATH OF DICTATORSHIP'
Capriles on Saturday said their headquarters in Caracas had caught fire after tear gas was thrown inside.
Around the same time, around a hundred protesters broke into an office of the Supreme Court and vandalized it, throwing construction materials inside and lighting a fire, according to a Reuters witness.
Two people were reported injured by rubber bullets in San Cristobal, an opposition hotbed near the country's border with Colombia.
Capriles had urged a crowd of supporters in Caracas to march to the office of the state human rights ombudsman, whom the opposition says is a puppet of the government.
"The country has chosen the path of dictatorship," they said.
Government critics say Capriles' ban is arbitrary and allows the ruling Socialist Party to sideline popular politicians without due process.
After a recall referendum against Maduro was quashed last year and amid fears that next year's presidential election will not be fair, opposition supporters say they have no option but to take to the street. But after years of marching many are cynical while others are too busy trying to find food.
Venezuela has been pummeled by a brutal economic crisis that has millions skipping meals, unable to afford soaring prices for basic goods and facing long lines for scarce products.
Still, others have been motivated by the escalating political crisis and the opposition coalition is putting on a more dynamic and coordinated front than usual.
"It's been two years since I've been out on the streets," said Richard Morton, a 43-year-old electrical engineer who said shortages make it tough to import medical equipment needed in their work, as they prepared to march under Caracas' hot sun.
"I'm out today because I see people acting in solidarity and the lawmakers are backing us up more. Plus the economic situation is insufferable. No one can live here."
Oil-rich Venezuela is in the throes of what is thought to be a fourth straight year of recession, with roaring inflation and monthly wages stuck at a handful of dollars at the black market rate.
The opposition will protest again on Monday and then on April 19 will hold what leaders described as "the mother of all marches" during a Saturday night press conference.
VP CALLS MARCH 'ILLEGAL'
Venezuela's powerful new vice president, Tareck El Aissami, declared Saturday's march in Caracas "illegal and unconstitutional," because the opposition had not received official permission for it.
Over the last few days, authorities accused the opposition - and Capriles in particular - of fomenting violence and bloodshed by leading increasingly intense protests against Maduro.
"They're seeking a provocation, that will lead to violence," El Aissami said on Friday, adding the march could block crucial services like ambulances.
The opposition says it is security forces who are unnecessarily violent. A 19-year-old man was shot dead in violence around protests on Thursday, and a police officer has
been arrested.
Rights group Penal Forum says almost 100 people have been arrested during protests in the last few days. The opposition says over 100 political activists have been jailed amid a wider crackdown on dissent.
(Additional reporting by Corina Pons in Caracas, Isaac Urrutia in Maracaibo, Venezuela, Anggy Polanco in San Cristobal, Venezuela, Maria Ramirez in Puerto Ordaz, Venezuela, Luc Cohen in Buenos Aires, Anthony Esposito in Mexico City, Mitra Taj in Lima and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington; Editing by Leslie Adler and Mary Milliken)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
* For accompanying table, click on
SHANGHAI, March 31 Chinese fund managers recommend reducing equity exposure for the next three months as worries including tighter liquidity remain even as fresh data indicates the economy is steadying and improving, a monthly Reuters poll showed.
The fund managers cut their suggested equity allocations to 79.4 percent, according to a poll of eight China-based fund managers this week, from 81.9 percent a month earlier.
The managers have raised their suggested bond allocations for the coming three months to 7.5 percent from 6.3 percent a month earlier.
They have also hiked recommended cash allocations to 13.1 percent, from 11.9 percent in the previous month.
"From the point of the macro-economy, the market in general has been running steadily and the chances for unexpected movements could be small, " said a Shanghai-based fund manager who adds there could be opportunities to buy shares of some sectors.
But another fund manager notes two big concerns: more rate hikes by the U.S. Federal Reserve in 2017 and China's tightening monetary policy.
Chances are small that China will raise interest rates this year, but the country's central bank could cut liquidity through its open market operations, the manager said.
Zhou Xiaochuan, governor of the People's Bank of China (PBOC), said on Sunday that they expect to see more countries start to emphasize fiscal policy and structural reform as the period of global loose monetary policy ends.
According to the poll, average allocations to consumer stocks have been increased to a record high in a year, allocations to electronics also rose sharply, while those to financials, metals and machineries have been lowered. That indicates managers are moving out of cyclical stocks and into growth ones.
Compared with last month, the average allocation to consumer stocks was raised to 32.5 percent - the highest since April 2016 - from 29.4 percent. Allocations to machinery has been trimmed to 5.6 percent from 8.1 percent, while those to metals have been cut to 3.1 percent from 6.3 percent.
"Investors could see more chances in growth stocks, while plays related to commodities might take a breather," a Shanghai-based fund manager said. -------------------------------------------------------------- To see other polls in this series, click on: GB/ASSET - Reuters Britain-based asset allocation survey US/ASSET - Reuters U.S.-based asset allocation survey JP/ASSET - Reuters Japan-based asset allocation survey EUR/ASSET - Reuters Continental Europe-based asset allocation survey (Reporting by David Lin, Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
SHANGHAI China Southern Airlines Co Ltd's (1055.HK) Hong Kong-listed shares jumped by more than 2.5 pct in opening trade after the company said it would sell a stake to a subsidiary of American Airlines (AAL.O)
The carrier's mainland shares also rose by more than 4 percent after announcing the deal, which would make American Airlines the second U.S. carrier to own part of a Chinese airline after Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N).
(Reporting by Brenda Goh and John Ruwitch; Editing by Stephen Coates)
City administrators on Sunday suspended a ceremony to unveil a memorial to soldiers killed during the Battle of Monte Cassino due to public outrage.
The memorial was to have the following words engraved in Italian, English and German: "In memory and recognition of the soldiers of all nations who fell in the bloody Battle of Cassino and all the civilian victims of the terrible war."
Historians estimate that 20,000 German soldiers were killed in the battle, while Allied powers lost more than 50,000 lives.
Read more: German-speaking Italy and the legacy of fascism
Days before the unveiling set for Sunday, the National Association of Italian Partisans (ANPI), an association founded in 1944 by members of the Italian resistance, called it disgraceful that the town of Monte Cassino would erect such a memorial.
"In all likelihood, [the memorial] equates the fighters for the liberation of Italy from occupation and slavery to Hitler's totalitarian atrocities with those who committed those atrocities to the detriment of Italians," said ANPI in a statement published on Facebook.
A mock-up of the memorial is shown in a screenshot from the Facebook page of the Battle of Cassino Association
'No intention of honoring murderers'
However, the Battle of Cassino Association's research center said critics had spread "disinformation" about the memorial, which was to be erected on a tourist trail that tells the story of the battle.
"This initiative has no intention of honoring murderers," the research center said. "I think that historical memory transmits, communicates and solicits dialogue, and memory is the basis for a reconciliation of the peoples who suffered and those that caused immense tragedy."
Read more: How a normal World War II soldier became a war criminal
Fascist dictator Benito Mussolini led Italy into World War II as an ally of Nazi Germany in 1940. They were later deposed during the allied invasion of Italy in 1943 and executed in 1945.
German General Hans-Werner Fritz, who heads the German confederation of paratroopers, had been expected to attend the ceremony before it was cancelled.
OSLO, March 28 Norway's Financial Supervisory Authority (FSA) proposed regulations on Tuesday to limit the amount of credit card debt and other high-interest loans that banks can grant to individuals, the regulator said in a statement.
** These forms of consumer debt grew by 15 percent in 2016
** The rules compliment recent changes in regulations intended to limit the rise of Norwegian mortgage debt
** The FSA proposal would cap overall loans, including consumer loans and mortgage debt, at five times the gross annual income of the borrower
** The guidelines will apply to Norwegian banks as well as to units of foreign banks operating in Norway
** The proposal will now be sent for a round of consultations, with an April 19 deadline, the FSA added (Reporting by Terje Solsvik, editing by Camilla Knudsen)
MOSCOW Russia's state investigative committee said on Monday it had opened a criminal case over the St Petersburg metro blast on charges of a terrorist act.
The agency, which has sweeping powers, said it had sent a group of investigators to St Petersburg to look into the incident which killed at least nine people.
It said however that while it had opened a case under charges of terrorism, it would consider all other possible causes of the incident.
(Reporting by Alexander Winning; writing by Sujata Rao)
April 13 Citigroup Inc reported a 17 percent rise in quarterly profit, boosted by strong fixed-income trading as clients adjusted their positions following rate hikes by the Federal Reserve and changes in the forex and credit markets.
The fourth-biggest U.S. bank by assets said on Thursday that net income rose to $4.09 billion, or $1.35 per share, in the first-quarter ended March 31, from $3.50 billion, or $1.10 per share, a year earlier.
The company said the latest quarter's results included a net benefit of 8 cents per share from a few previously announced divestitures.
Analysts on average had expected earnings of $1.24 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. It was not immediately clear if the reported results were comparable.
JPMorgan Chase & Co, the biggest U.S. bank by assets, earlier reported a higher-than-expected 16.8 percent rise in quarterly profit, helped by additional revenue from increased trading.
Wells Fargo & Co, the third-biggest U.S. bank, was scheduled to report results at the same time as Citigroup. (Reporting by Sweta Singh in Bengaluru and David Henry in New York; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)
LONDON, March 30 Lloyd's of London, the world's largest specialty insurance market, has chosen Brussels for its European Union subsidiary because of its strong regulatory framework, it said on Thursday, confirming earlier reports.
Lloyd's has been one of the most vocal financial services firms about the need for an EU subsidiary if Britain has no access to the single market after leaving the bloc.
The decision, initially reported by The Insurance Insider, comes the day after British Prime Minister Theresa May triggered Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty, the start of a two-year countdown to Brexit.
"Brussels met the critical elements of providing a robust regulatory framework in a central European location, and will enable Lloyd's to continue to provide specialist underwriting expertise to our customers," chief executive Inga Beale said in a statement.
The EU subsidiary aims to be ready to write insurance business in time for the Jan 1, 2019 renewal season, Lloyd's said.
Also on Thursday, Lloyd's of London reported profit of 2.1 billion pounds for 2016, steady from 2015. (Reporting by Carolyn Cohn and Lawrence White; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)
* Speculators raise net long positions in gold * Non-farm payrolls in focus this week (Recasts with updates prices) By Zandi Shabalala LONDON, April 3 Gold prices rose on Monday despite a firmer dollar, but was trading in a tight range as the market sought more direction from key U.S. economic data expected later in the week. Spot gold was 0.23 percent higher at $1,245.71 per ounce at 1530 GMT, trading in the range between $1,253.52- $1,244.05. "Gold is stuck between $1,238-$1,260 with the risk to skewed to downside based on rising expected interest rates and failure to break higher which has left it vulnerable to profit-taking in the short term," said Ole Hansen, the head of commodity strategy at Saxo Bank. Hansen said focus now turned to U.S. payrolls data on Friday which could provide more clues on the direction of interest rates. Supporting gold was geopolitical tension sparked by U.S. President Donald Trump who on Sunday held out the possibility of using trade as a lever to secure Chinese cooperation against North Korea. "There were comments from Trump to China over the weekend saying "if you can't sort out North Korea, we will" so there is still some geopolitical risk out there which attracts demand for gold," said Ole Hansen, head of commodity strategy at Saxo Bank. Gold is often seen as an alternative investment during times of geopolitical and financial uncertainty. The dollar index hit a two-week high, up 0.3 percent. U.S. consumer spending barely rose in February amid delays in the payment of income tax refunds, but the biggest annual jump in inflation in nearly five years supported expectations of further interest rate hikes this year. Spot gold notched a quarterly gain of about 8.4 percent on Friday, marking its best quarter in a year, mostly driven by uncertainties around Trump's policies and elections in Europe. Hedge funds and money managers raised their net long position in COMEX gold for the second straight week in the week to March 28, and boosted it slightly in silver, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission data showed on Friday. In other precious metals, spot silver edged down 0.1 percent to $18.23 per ounce but held near four-week highs. Platinum rose 1.1 percent to $956.10, after recording its best quarter in a year. Palladium was up 0.7 percent at $800.60 an ounce and is up about 17 percent so far this year. "We think that both the gold and silver complexes will make fresh highs this month ahead of the French elections, but likely fade in their immediate aftermath," said INTL FCStone analyst Edward Meir. (Additional reporting by Nallur Sethuraman and Arpan Varghese in Bengaluru; Editing by Mark Potter and David Evans)
REUTERS TV ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS VIDEO WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. THIS IMAGE WAS PROCESSED BY REUTERS TO ENHANCE QUALITY. UNPROCESSED VERSION OF THE VIDEO WAS PROVIDED SEPARATELY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NOT FOR SALE FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS. FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY.NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVE
REFILE - CORRECTING BYLINE A 7-metre (23-foot) python is being cut open to reveal a young Indonesian man in the village of Salobiru, in a remote part of the West Sulawesi province, Indonesia in this still image taken from video on March 26, 2017. Courtesy of Andi Fathir/via REUTERS TV ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS VIDEO WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. THIS IMAGE WAS PROCESSED BY REUTERS TO ENHANCE QUALITY. UNPROCESSED VERSION OF THE VIDEO WAS PROVIDED SEPARATELY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NOT FOR SALE FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS. FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY.NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVE
REUTERS TV ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS VIDEO WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. THIS IMAGE WAS PROCESSED BY REUTERS TO ENHANCE QUALITY. UNPROCESSED VERSION OF THE VIDEO WAS PROVIDED SEPARATELY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NOT FOR SALE FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS. FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY.NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVE
REFILE - CORRECTING BYLINE A 7-metre (23-foot) python is being cut open to reveal a young Indonesian man in the village of Salobiru, in a remote part of the West Sulawesi province, Indonesia in this still image taken from video on March 26, 2017. Courtesy of Andi Fathir/via REUTERS TV ATTENTION EDITORS - THIS VIDEO WAS PROVIDED BY A THIRD PARTY. THIS IMAGE WAS PROCESSED BY REUTERS TO ENHANCE QUALITY. UNPROCESSED VERSION OF THE VIDEO WAS PROVIDED SEPARATELY. EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NOT FOR SALE FOR MARKETING OR ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS. FOR EDITORIAL USE ONLY.NO RESALES. NO ARCHIVE
JAKARTA An Indonesian farmer has been found dead inside a 7-meter (23-foot) python after being reported missing on their failure to return home from work on a palm plantation.
Village officials cut open the swollen body of the snake in a graphic video taken by a resident of Mamuju, on the eastern island of Sulawesi, the site of the incident. The victim's legs, encased in rubber boots, emerge as the snake is pulled apart.
Family members and neighbours of the 26-year-old victim, Akbar, had launched a search when they failed to come home for more than 24 hours, a resident of the area told Reuters.
"We saw a python that couldn't move properly and it's belly was swollen," said Asdin Rudi Fathir, 43. "Residents and officials decided to kill the python and were shocked to find a human body inside."
Relatives identified the victim, who went by only one name, as do many Indonesians.
While large snakes and other animals are common in that part of Sulawesi, attacks on humans are rare, Fathir added.
(Reporting by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
May 2 ABS CBN Corp
* Refers to news article entitled “duterte nixes ABS-CBN franchise renewal” posted in Businessworld Online on April 28, 2017.
* We cannot confirm or comment on the article since we have no other information on President Duterte'S statement Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 28Health Italia SpA:
* Said on Monday that it corrects press release from March 24 and announced that in relation to the proposal of dividend distribution of 0.081 euros ($0.0880) gross per share, the coupon will be detached on May 2, and the dividend payment will be on May 4
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9200 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Goldman Sachs raises $7 bln for new private equity fund -sources
June 14 Goldman Sachs Group Inc has raised around $7 billion for its new private equity fund, near the top of its targeted goal, according to two people familiar with the matter.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
March 30 Baofeng Group Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay cash div 0.25 yuan per 10 shares for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 2 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/xYx6ag
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
Reuters sports schedule at 1400 GMT on Wednesday:
GOLF
U.S. Masters (to 9)
AUGUSTA, Georgia - Players finalise their preparations and discuss their chances ahead of the year's first golf major at Augusta National. (GOLF-MASTERS/ (PIX, TV), expect by 1900 GMT/3 PM ET, by Steve Keating, Ed Osmond, Frank Pingue and Rory Carroll, 400 words)
Augusta chairperson talks to media on eve of Masters
AUGUSTA, Georgia - Billy Payne, the chairperson of the Augusta National Golf Club, addresses the media on the eve of the tournament. (GOLF-MASTERS/PAYNE (PIX, TV), expect by 2000 GMT/4 PM ET, by Steve Keating, 400 words)
Players set to contend for Masters Par-3 tourney
AUGUSTA, Georgia - The traditional Par-3 contest, which takes place on the eve of the U.S. Masters, is a short-course tournament which has become a jinx with no winners having gone on to win the main event that same week. (GOLF-MASTERS/PAR3 (PIX, TV), expect by 2000 GMT/4 PM ET, by Ed Osmond, 400 words)
SOCCER
Premier League (1845 unless stated)
Arsenal v West Ham United (1845)
Hull City v Middlesbrough (1845)
Southampton v Crystal Palace (1845)
Swansea City v Tottenham Hotspur (1845)
Chelsea v Manchester City (1900)
Liverpool v Bournemouth (1900)
Chelsea looks to rebound against Man City
LONDON - Leaders Chelsea will look to rebound from their shock defeat to Crystal Palace with victory at home to Manchester City, while second-placed Tottenham Hotspur, who visit Swansea City, will be hoping for a slip-up at Stamford Bridge. (SOCCER-ENGLAND/ (PIX), expect by 2115 GMT/7:15 PM ET, by Martyn Herman, 650 words)
La Liga (1930 unless stated)
Barcelona v Sevilla (1730)
Alaves v Osasuna (1830)
Deportivo Coruna v Granada CF (1830)
Sporting Gijon v Malaga (1830)
Leganes v Real Madrid (1930)
Barça face Sevilla test as they chase Real
BARCELONA - Champions Barcelona host stuttering Sevilla hoping to momentarily go top of the La Liga standings and put pressure on Real Madrid before Zinedine Zidane's side, who are chasing a first title since 2012, visit neighbours Leganes. (SOCCER-SPAIN/, expect by 1930 GMT/3:30 PM ET, by Richard Martin, 400 words)
Bundesliga (1800)
Mainz v RB Leipzig (1800)
Borussia Moenchengladbach v Hertha Berlin (1800)
FC Augsburg v FC Ingolstadt 04 (1800)
SV Darmstadt 98 v Bayer Leverkusen (1800)
VfL Wolfsburg v Freiburg (1800)
Second-placed RB Leipzig, who trail leaders Bayern Munich by 13 points, visit struggling Mainz, who have lost their last three matches. (SOCCER-GERMANY/, expect by 2000 GMT/4 PM ET, 300 words)
Italian Cup semi-final second leg
Napoli v Juventus (1845)
ROME - Napoli will try to overturn a 3-1 deficit against holders Juventus when they host the second leg of the Coppa Italia semi-final. (SOCCER-ITALY-NAP-JUV/, expect by 2100 GMT/5 PM ET, 300 words)
French Cup quarter-finals
Angers SCO v Girondins Bordeaux (1630)
Avranches(III) v Paris St Germain (1905)
PSG in French Cup action
PARIS - Paris St Germain, fresh from Saturday's League Cup triumph, will look to join Monaco and En Avant Guingamp in the last four of the French Cup with victory at third tier Avranches. (SOCCER-FRANCE/CUP, expect by 2115 GMT/5:15 PM ET, 300 words)
BASEBALL
Richards returns to the mound for Angels
Garrett Richards, who has not pitched for more than 11 months after suffering an elbow injury that caused them to miss most of last season, is slated to start for the Los Angeles Angels against the Oakland Athletics in one of 15 games on the Major League Baseball schedule. (BASEBALL-MLB-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0600 GMT/2 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 1000 words)
NBA
First place online as Celtics face Cavs
First place in the Eastern Conference is up for grabs as Isaiah Thomas the Boston Celtics host the reigning champion Cleveland Cavaliers, while the Miami Heat (37-40) and Charlotte Hornets meet in a game that could decide who gets the final spot in the playoffs, two of the eight contests on the National Basketball Association schedule. (BASKETBALL-NBA-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0600 GMT/2 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 600 words)
NHL
Capitals and Rangers meet as playoffs loom
Alex Ovechkin and the league-leading Washington Capitals meet the playoff bound New York Rangers, while the Atlantic Division-leading Montreal Canadiens go for a sixth straight against the Buffalo Sabres in the two games on the National Hockey League schedule. (ICEHOCKEY-NHL-HIGHLIGHTS/, expect by 0400 GMT/12 AM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 200 words)
NORTH AMERICAN SPORTS
Roundups of off-field developments in the major North American professional sports leagues. (expect by 0000 GMT/8 PM ET, by The Sports Xchange, 500 words)
SPORTS CONFERENCE
SportAccord conference continues
AARHUS, Denmark - The SportAccord conference continues. (SPORT-CONFERENCE/ (PIX, GRAPHIC), expect throughout, by Karolos Grohmann, 400 words)
(Asia desk editor: Peter Rutherford)
FILE PHOTO: The logo of the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) is pictured at its building in Singapore in this February 21, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Edgar Su/File Photo
SINGAPORE Singapore's central bank held policy steady as expected on Thursday, saying a "neutral" stance will be needed for an extended period as it looked to support an economy that contracted in the first quarter amid lingering risks to the global outlook.
Analysts said the Monetary Authority of Singapore's (MAS) reiteration of the forward guidance from its last review and warning of "significant policy uncertainty" signaled a reluctance to tighten anytime soon even as the U.S. Federal Reserve remains on track to raise rates further this year.
"They remain in the large group of central banks including RBA, RBNZ, BOJ and BoC which see no need to prepare markets for tighter policy this year," said Sean Callow, senior currency analyst at Westpac, referring to Australia, New Zealand, Japan and Canada.
"The Fed remains lonely on its tightening path."
The Singapore dollar SGD=D3 slipped briefly against its U.S. counterpart after the MAS said it will maintain its rate of appreciation of the local currency at zero percent, with the width of the policy band and the level at which it is centered unchanged.
"A neutral policy stance is appropriate for an extended period and should ensure medium-term price stability," the MAS said in its semiannual monetary policy statement.
The trade-reliant economy contracted 1.9 percent in the first quarter from the previous three months on an annualized basis, data from the Ministry of Trade and Industry showed, matching the median forecast in a Reuters survey.
The slump was seen as payback for the outsized 12.3 percent jump in the fourth quarter, with many analysts seeing growth tracking in line with government's 1-3 percent forecast for 2017.
The central bank acknowledged "slightly" improved prospects for the world economy but said "downside risks remain, alongside significant policy uncertainty," underscoring worries among global policymakers about the outlook in the face of U.S. President Donald Trump's protectionist threats, Brexit and geopolitical risks in the Middle East and North Korea.
Indeed, earlier in the day the Bank of Korea left its policy rate unchanged for the 10th straight month in a nod to global risks and tensions on the Korean Peninsula.
"They (Singapore) are not turning more bearish on the economy but they are very mindful of the downside risks and quite rightly so," said Vishnu Varathan, senior economist for Mizuho Bank.
Backing a majority view that MAS can afford to delay tightening for some time, Varathan said they expected no change in October. Whether the MAS remove the forward guidance will hinge on global economic conditions, they said.
CAUTIOUS OUTLOOK
As the global economy perked up from late last year, Singapore's exports and manufacturing have bounced from depressed levels, helping lift inflation in line with official forecasts.
The improving prospects saw 18 of 19 analysts in a Reuters survey predicting the MAS would keep monetary policy unchanged on Thursday - one analyst expected an easing - after having eased policy three times since January 2015, most recently in April 2016.
The MAS manage monetary policy by changes to the exchange rate, rather than interest rates, letting the Singapore dollar rise or fall against the currencies of its main trading partners because trade flows dwarf the city state's economy.
The central bank maintained its projection for core inflation to average 1-2 percent in 2017, compared to 0.9 percent in 2016, and said underlying economic momentum remains intact.
The MAS also noted stabilizing growth in China, the city state's biggest trading partner, but sounded a cautious note on the outlook for consumer spending and said activity in manufacturing sector is expected to "remain patchy."
"Unless we see a very sustained and strong pick-up that starts to cascade down more evenly there's no reason for them to be worrying about falling behind the curve," Mizuho's Varathan said.
(Reporting by Singapore bureau; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Telenor Asa:
* PURCHASED 219,046 OWN SHARES AT AN AVERAGE PRICE OF NOK 178.05 PER SHARE
* AFTER THIS TRANSACTION, TELENOR OWNS A TOTAL OF 11,152,391 OWN SHARES Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom)
April 20 Marvipol SA:
* Said on Wednesday that its unit, KH 1 Sp. z o.o., ended negotiations with Aulos 1 Sp. z o.o. concerning purchase by the company shares in Soho Development SA
* Sides of the negotiation have not reached the agreement on price of purchasing shares
* Marvipol informed it plans to buy 33 pct of Soho Development on March 30
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
May 2 Tsuchiya Holdings Co Ltd :
* Says it bought 91,700 shares back for 16.7 million yen in April
Source text in Japanese: goo.gl/nPPoeA
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ROME, April 20 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A new Google-powered online tool that uses satellite data to map water consumption in Africa and the Middle East aims to help farmers produce more crops with less water, the United Nations said on Thursday.
WaPOR, an open-access database developed by the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) enables countries to easily monitor how efficiently farms use water, allowing for improvements in irrigation and food production, the agency said.
Climate change and a growing global population, set to reach more than 9 billion by 2050, are putting additional pressure on the world's ever scarcer water resources.
As agriculture is responsible for 70 percent of all water used on the planet, it will be critical to increase "crop per drop", experts say.
"Water use continues to surge at the same time that climate change - with increasing droughts and extreme weather - is altering and reducing water availability for agriculture," said FAO's deputy director-general Maria Helena Semedo.
"That puts a premium on making every drop count," they said in a statement.
WaPOR uses complex satellite data on weather, temperature, soil and vegetation to calculate how much crop yield is produced per cubic metre of water consumed.
The tool allows users like governments or farmers to spot areas where water is used inefficiently and take action by changing the irrigation system or switching to a more water-efficient crop, FAO said.
"You can compare with your neighbour and say: 'Look they are planting their wheat field one month ahead of me or using this kind of irrigation system or fertilizer and they are doing much better'," FAO technical officer Livia Peiser, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
The project funded by the Netherlands went live with data on Africa and the Middle East. FAO said more detailed information on countries facing water scarcity, including Mali, Ethiopia, Jordan and Egypt, will be made available later this year.
Two thirds of the world's population live in areas experiencing water scarcity at least one month a year, according to the United Nations. (Reporting by Umberto Bacchi @UmbertoBacchi, Editing by Katie Nguyen.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, property rights, climate change and resilience. Visit news.trust.org)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
STOCKHOLM, April 13 Apartment prices in Sweden rose 8 percent in March from a year earlier, figures from an association of Swedish real estate agents showed on Thursday.
Prices of single-family homes rose 10 percent, the Svensk Maklarstatistik association said in a statement.
Month-on-month, apartment prices were up 1 percent and single-family home prices rose 2 percent, it said.
A boom in Swedish home prices since the late 1990s has driven up household debt to among the highest levels in Europe, raising concerns among policymakers.
Last year, Sweden introduced rules making it mandatory to pay down the principal on mortgages, a measure widely seen as having a dampening effect on the housing market. (Reporting by Stockholm Newsroom)
BRIEF-Aap Implantate announces public share buyback offer
* TO PURCHASE UP TO 2.25 MILLION SHARES OF COMPANY BY MEANS OF VOLUNTARY PUBLIC SHARE BUYBACK OFFER AGAINST CASH PAYMENT OF EUR 1.52 PER NO-PAR VALUE SHARE FOR MAX TOTAL PURCHASE PRICE OF UP TO EUR 3.5 MILLION Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Hong Kong, March 28 Tsinghua Unigroup Ltd, China's top state chip manufacturer, said on Tuesday it had signed deals that would provide it with financing of up to 150 billion yuan ($21.8 billion).
In a statement on its website, Tsinghua Unigroup said China Development Bank had agreed to provide financing of up to 100 billion yuan for the five-year period of 2016-2020, while China's Integrated Circuit Industry Investment Fund would invest up to 50 billion in the semiconductor giant. ($1 = 6.8847 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting By Sijia Jiang; Editing by Anne Marie Roantree)
MANAMA McLaren's decision to let Fernando Alonso miss the Monaco Grand Prix and race in the Indianapolis 500 is an extraordinary step that, while triggering a rush of excitement, is also a reflection of the team's current predicament.
If the unthinkable has become possible, it is because the team are so far off the pace in Formula One.
The double world champion said as much in a conference call on Wednesday after McLaren broke the news ahead of Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix.
"To be honest, if we were fighting for a world championship, we cannot afford to lose a 25 points possibility," said the Spaniard. "Yet we are not in that position, unfortunately."
McLaren, the second most successful team after Ferrari in the history of Formula One in terms of wins and titles, have not won a race since 2012 and look a long way off doing so.
They are last in the current standings after two races without points and their once-great partnership with Honda, revived in 2015, has been beset by unreliability and a lack of engine power.
Monaco is the slowest race on the calendar but also the most glamorous and one that packs in the sponsors. It is unheard of in modern times for a top driver to miss it of their own volition or for a team to let him.
McLaren do have 2009 champion and former Monaco winner Jenson Button as a potential stand-in, however, even if nothing has been confirmed, with the Briton technically only on sabbatical.
No team has won Monaco more than McLaren and Alonso's race switch would have been inconceivable under former boss Ron Dennis, who said last May that "what always tops everything for me is Monaco."
The team have a different hue now, however, under American executive director Zak Brown while the sport has new American owners in Liberty Media with plans to expand in the United States.
Alonso still ranks, despite their struggles with a recalcitrant car, as one of the top three drivers but their patience is finite and they are out of contract at the end of the year.
There has long been speculation that they could walk away early from McLaren but an entry in the most high-profile single-seater race in North America, in a much more competitive car, might tilt the balance.
WIN/WIN
"This is a win/win situation for McLaren as a team, the partnership McLaren/Honda .. and for me also a great opportunity to experience this race," Alonso said.
"It's good also for the sport ... for the Indy its good news, for Formula One its good news."
Only one driver has ever won the Formula One championship, the Indy 500 and Le Mans -- Damon Hill's late father Graham -- and, with their dreams of a third F1 title fading, Alonso has begun to focus on that.
There are clear risks involved, with oval racing more dangerous than Formula One due to the risk of flying debris and huge crashes in a field where cars run nose-to-tail.
But there are also big thrills and McLaren have previously won both Le Mans and Indy.
Alonso said the plan was hatched with Brown in Australia, with the American initially making the suggestion in jest. They then discovered Alonso was serious.
"Zak asked me (about) my ambitions and my plans for the future. So I mentioned the Triple Crown. To be the best driver in the world," said Alonso.
"I have to either win eight world championships, and have one more than Michael Schumacher, or be winning different series."
(Additional reporting by Larry Fine in New York, editing by Greg Stutchbury)
* For the midday report, please click
SEOUL, April 10 South Korean shares and the won both stooped to near one-month lows on Monday, pressured by rising geopolitical risks from North Korea's advancing weapons programme.
The Korea Composite Stock Price Index (KOSPI) closed down 0.9 percent at 2,133.32 points.
The won was quoted at 1,142.2 to the dollar at the conclusion of onshore trade, down 0.7 percent from Friday's close of 1,134.5.
Both touched their lowest intraday levels since March 15. (Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Richard Borsuk)
March 31 China Regenerative Medicine International Ltd
* Unit entered into commitment letter with haitong new energy
* China regenerative medicine international- crml agreed to subscribe for interest in fund and irrevocably undertake to make a capital contribution of us$75 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- New York Times business news - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories on the New York Times business pages. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
WASHINGTON Former Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) executive and White House adviser Gary Cohn shocked more than a few of their former Wall Street colleagues this week when they showed support for reinstating a Depression-era law that would break up the biggest U.S. banks.
Here are some details about the law, called the Glass-Steagall Act, and why it has returned to the spotlight:
WHAT IS GLASS-STEAGALL: Originally passed as part of the U.S. Banking Act of 1933, Glass-Steagall established a firewall between commercial and investment banking activity. The law was whittled away over time as banks gained permission to engage in more trading activity, and was repealed altogether in 1999 with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act.
WHO SUPPORTS IT?: Since the 2008 financial crisis, Glass-Steagall has become a calling card for politicians eager to crack down on Wall Street. Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren frequently invokes it, and Senator Bernie Sanders made it a major part of their presidential campaign. President Donald Trump also seized on the policy during their campaign.
WHAT DOES THE White House SAY?: The Trump administration has not backed away from their campaign stance, but there are questions about how aggressively the president will push for a new law. The issue only tends to come up when officials are asked about it. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said they supported a modern version of Glass-Steagall in response to a question during their confirmation hearing. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said the White House supports the proposal when asked by reporters. Cohn responded favorably when asked by Warren at a private meeting with senators.
WHAT WOULD A NEW GLASS-STEAGALL LOOK LIKE?: There are a number of ideas to create what some refer to as a "21st Century Glass-Steagall." Warren has proposed splitting commercial and investment banking, and also barring depository institutions from using modern financial instruments like derivatives. Thomas Hoenig, the vice chair of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, has proposed a similar split, and would subject banks to a higher, 10 percent capital requirement. Neel Kashkari, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, would force big banks to take on so much capital they would prefer to split into smaller institutions.
COULD IT HAPPEN?: Although many Wall Street critics have seized on Glass-Steagall, efforts to change the law have garnered very little support. Warren's proposal received just a handful of legislative co-sponsors. And because Congress and the White House are still consumed with complex fights over health care and tax reform, there seems to be little appetite for a broad, controversial overhaul of the financial system.
ARE THERE RISKS FOR BANKS?: Big U.S. lenders including JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) and Citigroup (C.N) would be most impacted, because their commercial lending and investment banking operations are closely intertwined, say analysts. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) might be less impacted, although they would likely have to revert to being standalone investment banks and shed their deposit funding. But even if Glass-Steagall does not become law, the industry may have to spend money, time and energy lobbying against the idea, when they would rather focus on rolling back existing rules.
(Reporting by Pete Schroeder; Editing by Andrew Hay)
TOKYO, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Honda Motor Co Ltd reported a 37 percent rise in operating profit in the third quarter and raised its full-year forecast as it expects higher auto sales in Asia while it also continues to reduce costs.
Japan's third-biggest automaker posted a 284.5 billion yen ($2.59 billion) operating profit in October-December, up from 207.6 billion yen a year earlier, and exceeding a mean estimate for 281.6 billion yen taken from 11 analysts polled by Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Honda raised its forecast for full-year operating profit to 775 billion yen, based on an assumption for the yen to average around 110 yen versus the U.S. dollar in the year to March, from a previous forecast for 109 yen. ($1 = 109.6500 yen) (Reporting by Naomi Tajitsu)
* Wall Street stocks fall, defensive sectors strongest
* Gold up, U.S. Treasury yields, dollar fall on Trump comments
* Oil reverses gains after U.S. inventory data (Updates to close, adds reaction to Trump comments)
By Sinead Carew
NEW YORK, April 12 The U.S. dollar turned lower along with Treasury yields and stocks on Wednesday after U.S. President Donald Trump said the dollar is getting too strong and that they would prefer the Federal Reserve keep interest rates low.
Major U.S. stock indexes expanded losses to end lower for the day after the comments while gold futures rose. Trump, in an interview with the Wall Street Journal, also said they would not label China a currency manipulator.
"The market had a big reaction, but I think it was an overreaction because (Trump) may just be hedging their bets by making sure that the American public realizes he's not backing down on trade. It's just that they may not think now is the right time to brand China a currency manipulator," said Kathy Lien, managing director, at BK Asset Management in New York.
"The dollar's already under pressure, so I think any excuse for further pressure is likely to bring the greenback even lower. ”
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six other major currencies, was down 0.5 percent at its lowest since late March.
The dollar was down 0.4 percent against the yen, which is a favorite in uncertain times due to Japan's position as the world's largest creditor nation. The dollar fell 1.2 percent against the yen on Tuesday.
U.S. Treasury yields fell, with benchmark yields hitting a near five-month low due to Trump's comments favoring low interest rates. Benchmark 10-year Treasury yields were 3 basis points lower at 2.268 percent after hitting 2.259 percent, which was the lowest since Nov. 17.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 59.44 points, or 0.29 percent, to end at 20,591.86, the S&P 500 lost 8.85 points, or 0.38 percent, to 2,344.93 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 30.61 points, or 0.52 percent, to 5,836.16.
On Wall Street, defensive sectors were the biggest gainers in keeping with preferences for safety.
While a weaker dollar would help profits at multinational companies, stocks turned lower after Trump's comments, as they added "another wild card," according to Peter Tuz, president of Chase Investment Counsel in Charlottesville, Virginia.
“We all know markets like fairly stable situations," said Tuz. "Is this just another offhand comment from Donald Trump or does it really mean something and is it the start of a policy that you'll see introduced soon?”
Gold was up 0.6 percent at $1,281.20 an ounce, after jumping 1.6 percent on Tuesday.
Trading Wednesday was also heavily influenced by rising U.S. tensions with Russia, North Korea and Syria after U.S. missile strikes in Syria last week and the moving of U.S. warships toward the Korean Peninsula.
Investor optimism had briefly improved during a joint press conference in Moscow held by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Russia's Foreign Minister but the signs of optimism ebbed afterwards as it became clear officials did not seem any closer to agreement on Syria.
Oil prices ended lower after reversing earlier gains due to a report on U.S. crude stockpiles. Oil futures turned negative after eight straight sessions of gains on the U.S. inventory data suggesting persistent oversupply.
Global benchmark Brent crude settled down 0.7 percent at $55.86 a barrel, while U.S. crude settled down 0.5 percent at $53.11.
(Additional reporting by Richard Leong, Dion Rabouin and Lewis Krauskopf in New York, Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Wayne Cole in Sydney; Editing by Alison Williams and James Dalgleish)
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
VILNIUS/TAIPEI Taiwan-based electronics manufacturer Quanta Computer Inc has acknowledged that its name was used as part of an email fraud scheme that bilked two U.S.-based internet companies out of more than $100 million.
U.S. prosecutors last week indicted a Lithuanian man, Evaldas Rimasauskas, for the fraud.
They were arrested this month in Lithuania at the request of U.S. authorities and is currently in jail there.
Rimasauskas' alleged scheme involved sending emails to employees of the two unnamed companies asking them to wire money that they actually owed to the Asian hardware vendor to the accounts of companies in Latvia and Cyprus that carried the name Quanta.
In order to conceal their fraud from banks that handled the transfers, Rimasaukas forged invoices, contracts and letters purportedly signed by executives of the two victim companies, according to prosecutors.
In a statement on Monday to Reuters, Quanta spokesperson Carol Hu said the company had been "impersonated" as part of the fraud.
"Quanta did not suffer from any financial harm from this incident," they added, calling the matter "unfortunate."
Quanta, with a market capitalization of $8.4 billion, is a supplier of servers and other hardware to major technology companies. It is part of the Open Compute Project, an initiative launched by Facebook Inc to share server design technology. In 2011 Amazon.com Inc outsourced the assembly of its Kindle Fire tablet to Quanta.
It is not known who the two victims of the alleged $100 million fraud were. U.S. prosecutors referred to them in a statement as a "multinational technology company" and a "multinational online social media company."
Representatives of Amazon and Facebook have had no comment on whether they were possible victims of the scheme.
Rimasauskas, through their lawyer, confirmed they were the owner of a Latvian company with the same name as Quanta from 2013 to 2016, the time frame in which the fraud occurred, according to the indictment.
"Rimasauskas did buy the Latvian company, because they were going to develop a business," the lawyer, Linas Kuprusevicius, told Reuters in an email.
Rimasauskas strongly contests the charges presented by U.S. authorities, the lawyer said. They have a construction engineering degree and was working at a construction business in Lithuania prior to their arrest, they said.
The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation said last year that U.S. and foreign victims had made 22,143 complaints since October 2013 about so-called business email compromise scams involving requests for more than $3 billion in transfers.
A U.S. extradition request for Rimasauskas is expected by late May, Lithuanian prosecutors told Reuters.
 They are charged with wire fraud and money laundering, which each carry a maximum prison sentence of 20 years, and identity theft, which carries a mandatory minimum sentence of two years.
(Reporting by J.R. Wu in Taipei and Andrius Sytas in Vilnius; Additional reporting by Stephen Nellis, Jeffrey Dastin and David Ingram in San Francisco; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Tom Brown)
* Combined operating profit forecast at 57.5 billion yen
* Japanese shippers are merging container units
* Container rates rising as capacity shrinks (Adds comments, forecasts for three Japanese shippers)
TOKYO, April 28 Japan's big three shippers on Friday forecast a return to profit this fiscal year after last year's losses, as they emerge from the worst global slump in the container business.
The brighter outlook comes amid a gradual recovery in prices for shipping containers, which carry 90 percent of the world's manufactured goods.
"Some improvements in the supply and demand environment on Asia-North America, Asia-Europe and Asia-South America routes facilitated a recovery in the spot freight rates," Mitsui OSK said in a release.
It cautioned, however, that the container market "continued to be difficult overall."
Although still below historical highs, freight rates have recovered as consolidation and bankruptcies trim capacity, and growth in global trade boosts shipping demand.
Nippon Yusen KK (NYK), Mitsui OSK Lines Ltd and Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha Ltd expect a combined operating profit of 57.5 billion yen ($517.32 million) in the year to March 31 compared with a 61.6 billion loss in the business year just ended.
To survive the downturn, the three Japanese shippers in October said they would merge their container units to create the world's sixth-largest fleet. The joint venture is slated to begin operations in April 2018 with around 250 ships and a capacity of almost 1.38 million 20-foot equivalent units (TEU).
NYK, Japan's biggest shipping company, said it expected to turn a profit this year due to "higher freight rates in annual contracts and greater cargo volume under the new alliance."
The company forecast operating profit of 24.5 billion yen this fiscal year following a loss. That is above an average forecast for an 18 billion yen profit from 10 analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters.
In the three months to March 31, NYK had an operating loss of 2.5 billion yen following a profit of 1.8 billion yen a year ago.
Mitsui OSK expects an annual operating profit of 9 billion yen. In the fourth quarter, it said operating profit was 4.6 billion yen, compared to a 7.3 billion yen loss a year earlier.
Kawasaki Kisen sees a full-year operating profit of 24 billion yen. It posted an 11.4 billion yen loss in the fourth quarter, following a 5.8 billion yen deficit a year ago.
($1 = 111.1000 yen) (Reporting by Tim Kelly; Editing by Randy Fabi)
LONDON (Reuters) - Stripped of their Bahraini citizenship and living in London exile, rights activist Sayed Ahmed AlWadaei says they speak for the hundreds of opposition figures made voiceless by imprisonment back home.
Drawing on a network of activists, contacts, relatives of detainees and legal records, they publish prolifically on developments in the Gulf island monarchy, an ally of the United States and Britain.
Scores of Bahraini exiles and dissidents live in London, but none campaigns more energetically against their native country's crackdown on its critics.
Authorities in Bahrain tend to call such people - including AlWadaei themselves - terrorists.
They say members of their own family have been detained and tortured in Bahrain in a bid to pressure them into silence.
“It's crystal clear in my mind that the moment I stop my work, the reprisals against my family will stop,” AlWadaei, 31, told Reuters in an interview from the offices of the Bahrain Institute for Rights and Democracy (BIRD) in central London.
“It's a matter of, will I allow them to break my will, will I allow them to break me by using those harsh tactics? Or will I make it costly for them, for their reputation and their partners to be associated with corrupt human rights abusers?” they said.
BIRD, which employs several British campaigners, receives funding from the U.S.-based National Endowment for Democracy and a UK foundation, the Sigrid Rausing Trust.
They seek to shine a light on prison conditions and trials of detainees, such as the case of a mass sentencing on weapons charges this week of 58 people to penalties ranging from death to loss of citizenship. They decried it as a “travesty of justice”.
Bahrain, whose ruling family is Sunni Muslim, has seen sporadic unrest since 2011 when authorities crushed protests, mainly by the Shi‘ite majority, demanding a bigger role in running the country.
AlWadaei was detained for taking part in the 2011 rallies. They accuse police of beating them and their jailers of torture and sexual harassment. They point to a large scar on their forehead.
Authorities accuse them of incitement to terrorism aimed at overthrowing Bahrain's monarchy.
“DEMOCRACY VERSUS DICTATORSHIP”
In a response to a Reuters request for comment on AlWadaei's accusations, a government spokesperson said any allegations of abuses by security forces could be referred to an ombudsman and independently investigated.
The government says their mother-in-law and brother-in-law were sentenced in a fair trial to three years in jail in October for planting a “fake bomb” meant to taunt police.
“No one can be charged or prosecuted solely because of their family relations,” the government added.
AlWadaei believes the case against their relatives was motivated by their human rights work and especially a protest in which they took part in 2016 against the attendance of Bahrain's king at a royal horse show in Britain.
A tiny country lying between regional arch-rivals Sunni Saudi Arabia and Shi‘ite Iran, Bahrain is a key ally of Riyadh and the West.
It hosts the U.S.'s Fifth Fleet and soon also a new British naval base, its first permanent military presence in the Middle East since it withdrew from Bahrain and the rest of the Gulf region in 1971.
The government, citing years of deadly bombing and shooting attacks against its security forces, says it faces a militant threat backed by Tehran.
“They blame the situation on Iran to make it seem more of a sectarian problem rather than democracy versus dictatorship, which is the main context in Bahrain,” AlWadaei said.
They say their wife was detained and interrogated about their activities and movements as they and their young son were departing Bahrain's airport to join AlWadaei in London.
The Bahraini government said they were not mistreated and dismissed AlWadaei's accusations as “unsubstantiated.”
Because AlWadaei's application process for “indefinite leave to remain” in Britain had not been decided by the time of their daughter's birth last year, they have been rendered stateless like them for the time being.
Despite such challenges, they vow not to relent.
“I ... feel more determined that this injustice should stop, and no one, no human on earth, should be tortured or have their family go through reprisals simply because they stood up for human rights.”
April 10Beijing Aerospace Changfeng Co Ltd
* Says it will buy 51 percent stake in two firms for 395.8 million yuan in total, via cash and share issue
* Says it will also issue new shares to raise up to 177 million yuan to fund acquisition and projects
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/v5GZ5C
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
BEIJING, April 10 China and Myanmar have reached an agreement on an oil pipeline between the neighbouring countries after almost a decade of talks, with the project due to start "very quickly", Chinese vice foreign minister Liu Zhenmin said on Monday.
The new oil gateway fits with China's "One Belt, One Road" ambitions, linking it with central Asia and Europe, and will provide a more direct alternative route to sending Middle Eastern oil via the crowded Malacca Straits and Singapore.
Liu's remarks, at the end of a visit by Myanmar President Htin Kyaw, mark the official launch of the 770-km (480-mile) pipeline, which Beijing regards as essential to securing its oil needs.
Dogged by sensitive relations between Naypyitaw and Beijing, the $1.5 billion pipeline has been sitting empty for two years.
The first tanker carrying oil to Myanmar for delivery to China was expected on April 8, however a Myanmar government official told Reuters the ship may not have the official go-ahead to enter Myanmar.
It was unclear whether the ship had delivered its cargo.
"The oil pipeline will very quickly begin operation," said Liu.
An agreement between China's PetroChina and Myanmar's government will allow the state energy giant to import overseas oil via the Bay of Bengal and pump it through the pipeline to supply a new 260,000-barrels-per-day (bpd) refinery in landlocked Yunnan province.
The announcement wraps up Myanmar President Htin Kyaw's six-day state visit to China, the first since they were elected, where they met President Xi Jinping and Prime Minister Li Keqiang, as well as visiting a number of Chinese cities including Shanghai and southwestern Chengdu.
When asked if the two sides also discussed the Myitsone dam, work on which has been suspended since 2011, Liu said that China and Myanmar had basically reached an agreement.
"(We should) move towards an appropriate solution that is advantageous for the development of bilateral relations and realizes win-win benefits for both sides," they said.
China has shifted its position in the dispute over the building of the $3.6 billion dam, sources told Reuters earlier, signalling its willingness to abandon the project in exchange for other economic and strategic opportunities in Myanmar.
The two sides also agreed to work together to better manage security in northern Myanmar, saying that the conflict was an issue for both countries.
Fighting last month in Myanmar pushed thousands of people into China to seek refuge, prompting Beijing to call for a ceasefire between ethnic militias and the security forces. (Reporting by Christian Shepherd. Writing by Dominique Patton. Editing by Nick Macfie)
BERLIN, March 29 Daimler is expecting record sales volumes for its Mercedes-Benz cars division in the first quarter of the year, the company said on Wednesday.
"The positive sales trend continued in March," Daimler said in a statement ahead of its annual shareholder meeting.
Daimler said it expected to bring more than 10 new electric cars to the market by 2022. It had previously given the time frame for that goal as 2025.
The company also confirmed its full-year group sales and earnings targets. (Reporting by Ilona Wissenbach; Writing by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Christoph Steitz)
AMSTERDAM Dick Advocaat is poised to return as Netherlands coach amid public disapproval of such an appointment and media criticism of the process of finding a replacement for Danny Blind, who was sacked last month after a run of poor results. A new coach is expected to be named next week as the Dutch bid to revive their World Cup qualification hopes after a shocking run since finishing third at the 2014 finals in Brazil. The country's' failure to reach last year's European Championship in France has been exacerbated by the Dutch struggling in their 2018 World Cup qualifying group.
Blind went after a 2-0 loss in Bulgaria last month saw the Dutch drop to fourth, six points adrift of leaders France, three off Sweden and two behind the Bulgarians, at the halfway stage of their Group A campaign to reach the 2018 finals.
Advocaat, who turns 70 in September, is the latest choice of the Dutch FA, according to local media, after Louis van Gaal, Ronald Koeman, Frank de Boer, Henk ten Cate and German coach Roger Schmidt were reported to have turned the job down.
However, a poll in De Telegraaf at the weekend said 73 percent believed Advocaat did not deserve another chance after spending just three months last year as Blind's assistant before leaving to take up a job with Turkish club Fenerbahce. Ten Cate, now coaching in Abu Dhabi, ran into a media storm last week after initially accepting the post but then changing their mind, saying in a statement that they felt they did not have the full support of the Dutch FA. The process of replacing Blind, which is being conducted by KNVB technical director Hans van Breukelen, has been dubbed a "soap opera" by several newspapers. Advocaat has already had five different spells with the national team. They were assistant from 1984 to 1987 and again from 1990-92 under Rinus Michels, who they took over in 1992.
In 1994 the Dutch reached the World Cup quarter-finals in the U.S. before Advocaat left to take over at PSV Eindhoven. The KNVB brought them back in 2002 but Marco van Basten replaced them as Dutch coach two years later. Last May, having left English club Sunderland seven months earlier, Advocaat was asked to support Blind in an effort to add experience but quit after three months to a storm of criticism. The new coach will have two friendlies at the end of the season before the Netherlands meet Luxembourg in their next World Cup qualifier on June 9.
(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Ken Ferris)
Live updates: State of emergency, three houses destroyed as Port Hills fire rages
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
March 30 Anhui Anke Biotechnology Group Co Ltd :
* To use undistributed profits to pay a cash dividend of 1.5 yuan (pre-tax) per 10 shares to shareholders for FY 2016
* To use additional paid-in capital to distribute 3 new shares for every 10 shares
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/YY1pXO
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
* Dollar edges lower after touching 3-week high
* Eyes on Fed Chair Yellen's speech later in day
* Euro rises vs dollar after touching one-month low (Updates to afternoon U.S. trading)
By Dion Rabouin
NEW YORK, April 10 The dollar fell on Monday as U.S. Treasury yields dipped and traders consolidated Friday's gains on low volume to start the holiday-shortened U.S. trading week.
The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against six major currencies, rose to 101.34 in Asian trading, its highest since March 15. But that move reversed as Treasury yields fell on geopolitical jitters about the French presidential election, escalating tensions in Syria and growing unease about North Korea.
The index was last down 0.15 percent at 101.04.
The dollar see-sawed against the yen throughout the day, but was last little changed at 111.01 yen.
The euro was also little changed against the dollar at $1.0590 after earlier falling to its lowest since March 9.
"There's not a lot of conviction right now in the forex market, just consolidative patterns and some back and forth trading," said Erik Nelson, currency strategist at Wells Fargo Securities in New York.
Investors were trading cautiously as they looked toward U.S. retail sales data and a reading on consumer sentiment due later this week, analysts said.
"There's still a caution in the air ahead of big numbers later in the week on the all-important consumer," said Joe Manimbo, senior market analyst at Western Union Business Solutions in Washington. "That's capping upside at the moment."
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen is scheduled to make a speech at the University of Michigan's Ford School of Public Policy on Monday afternoon.
Them remarks follow comments from New York Fed President William Dudley on Friday in which they said the Fed might avoid raising interest rates at the same time that it begins shrinking its balance sheet, prompting only a "little pause" in the central bank's rate hike plans.
Investors will be parsing Yellen's comments to see if they back Dudley's stance on reducing the U.S. central bank's balance sheet or slowing the pace of interest rate tightening
"If she, perhaps, corroborates some of their more hawkish comments, that could support the dollar," Wells Fargo's Nelson said. They noted, however, that the chair is generally quite measured in their public comments, giving markets little reason to be bullish.
Volume was lower than usual due to many traders being away for the Passover and Easter holiday breaks. (Reporting by Dion Rabouin; Editing by Dan Grebler and Chizu Nomiyama)
FRANKFURT May 3 German healthcare group Fresenius SE & Co KGaA on Wednesday lifted its guidance on strong demand in the United States for its generic infusion drugs.
For 2017, it now expects adjusted net income to grow by 19 to 21 percent, excluding the effect of currency swings, compared with a previous target for a 17 to 20 percent gain.
That excludes one-off charges from the last week's deals to acquire U.S. generic drugmaker Akorn Inc for $4.75 billion and the biosimilars arm of Germany's Merck KGaA .
First-quarter adjusted net income jumped 28 percent to 457 million euros ($500 million), also bolstered by the acquisition of Spanish hospital chain Quironsalud, coming in above the average estimate of 422 million euros in a Reuters poll of analysts.
($1 = 0.9146 euros) (Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Maria Sheahan)
SOFIA British American Tobacco (BAT) (BATS.L) said on Wednesday it had agreed with Bulgarian cigarette maker Bulgartabac to acquire some of its leading cigarette brands in a deal worth more than 100 million euros (84.97 million pounds).
BAT said the acquisition of the Victory, Eva Slim and GD brands would help expand its market share in Bulgaria to 40 percent from 12 percent and said the deal would also include retail and distribution assets in the country and in Bosnia.
The deal is subject of anti-trust approvals and is expected to be concluded by the end of June this year, the company said in a statement.
(Reporting by Tsvetelia Tsolova; Editing by David Holmes)
* Canadian dollar at C$1.3357, or 74.87 U.S. cents * Bond prices mixed across the maturity curve TORONTO, April 10 The Canadian dollar strengthened against its U.S. counterpart on Monday as oil prices rose and the government reported housing starts jumped to their highest level in more than nine years. The seasonally adjusted annual rate of housing starts rose to 253,720 units in March, topping economists' forecasts for 215,000. February was revised slightly higher to 214,253 units. U.S. crude prices were up 1.15 percent at $52.84 a barrel, supported by a renewed shutdown at Libya's largest oilfield and heightened tension over Syria following the U.S. missile strike. Oil is one of Canada's major exports. At 9:22 a.m. ET (1322 GMT), the Canadian dollar was trading at C$1.3357 to the greenback, or 74.87 U.S. cents, stronger than Friday's close of C$1.3410, or 74.57 U.S. cents. The currency traded in a range of C$1.3357 to C$1.3425. On Friday, the loonie touched its strongest in four days at C$1.3343 after Canadian jobs data added to evidence that the domestic economy is improving. Economists expect the Bank of Canada could raise its first-quarter growth forecast when it releases its interest rate announcement and latest economic outlook on Wednesday. Still, the central bank is widely expected to hold rates at 0.50 percent and may stick to its cautious tone given the number of uncertainties facing the Canadian economy, particularly U.S. trade policy. Speculators have increased bearish bets on the Canadian dollar to the most since March 2016, data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and Reuters calculations showed on Friday. Canadian dollar net short positions increased to 30,225 contracts as of April 4 from 28,217 a week earlier. Canadian government bond prices were mixed across the yield curve, with the two-year up 1 Canadian cent to yield 0.757 percent and the benchmark 10-year rising 12 Canadian cents to yield 1.583 percent. On Friday, the 10-year yield touched a more than four-month low at 1.505 percent. (Reporting by Fergal Smith, Editing by W Simon)
April 20 Mondo TV SpA:
* Executes license agreement with MG Alba, a TV chain in Scotland where it operates in partnership with BBC, for a third party program distributed by Mondo TV
* By this agreement, MG Alba is granted a license for Free-TV rights, as well as catch-up rights for transmission on BBC iPlay, of the licensed program up to Dec. 31, 2021 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Urban warfare takes heavy civilian toll in Syria, Iraq, Yemen -ICRC
GENEVA, June 14 Urban warfare is taking root in conflicts across the Middle East, with five times more civilians in Syria and Iraq killed in cities than in rural areas over the past three years, the International Committee of the Red Cross said on Wednesday.
April 28 JiajiaGroup Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 could rise up to 30 percent, or to be 97.9 million yuan to 127.3 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (97.9 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of new products is the main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/Vi961w
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
STOCKHOLM May 3 Credit rating firm Moody's downgraded mobile telecom equipment maker Ericsson to non-investment grade on Wednesday, citing a sluggish outlook for earnings and cash flow in 2017 and 2018, sending its share more than 2 percent lower.
Facing shrinking markets, tough competition, restructuring costs and provisions, Ericsson reported a quarterly operating loss of 12.3 billion crowns ($1.39 bln) last month, and said it would intensify efforts to cut costs.
Moody's said the Swedish firm's declining operating cash flow and restructuring charges were likely to continue to erode Ericsson's key credit metrics over the coming years.
It cut its credit rating to Ba1, a rating below investment grade and often called junk status in market parlance, which means obligations are "judged to be speculative and are subject to substantial credit risk".
Ericsson shares were down 2.4 percent by 1038 GMT, underperforming a 0.8 percent dip in the European technology index.
"It's interesting that Moody's cuts to non-investment grade despite the fact that Ericsson has net cash, it must mean that Moody's has a poor view for Ericsson's earnings going forward," said Inge Heydorn, fund manager at Sentat Asset Management which has a short position in Ericsson shares.
An Ericsson spokesperson said the firm did not expect the downgrade to have any impact on costs for corporate bonds and loans that it currently has.
Ericsson Chief Financial Officer Carl Mellander told Reuters in January that concern over its credit rating was one of the factors behind its decision to cut its 2016 dividend by 73 percent and that maintaining an investment grade rating was important for the company.
Credit rating firm Fitch also downgraded Ericsson last week, to 'BBB' with a negative outlook, a rating that is still investment grade.
In October last year, Moody's cut Ericsson's rating to Baa3, and said it was on review for further downgrade.
($1 = 8.8180 Swedish crowns) (Reporting by Olof Swahnberg and Helena Soderpalm; editing by Niklas Pollard and Susan Thomas)
Sri Lanka fast bowler Lasith Malinga took their first hat-trick in a Twenty20 international during the penultimate over of Bangladesh's innings in the final match of the series in Colombo on Thursday.
Malinga dismissed Mushfiqur Rahim, Mashrafe Mortaza and Mehedi Hasan to complete their fourth hat-trick in international cricket and become the fifth player in history to achieve the feat in a Twenty20 international.
The 33-year-old joins Sri Lanka teammate Thisara Perera, New Zealand paceman Tim Southee and retired fast bowlers Brett Lee( Australia) and Jacob Oram (New Zealand) on the elite list.
Malinga's hat-trick is the second of the tour after Bangladesh paceman Taskin Ahmed claimed a hat-trick in the second ODI in Dambulla last month. [nL3N1H54UZ]
Bangladesh ended their innings on 176 for 9.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
SAN FRANCISCOPrivate equity firm BC Partners said it would turn the data center portfolio it acquired from CenturyLink (CTL.N) for $2.8 billion on Tuesday into a new technology company called Cyxtera Technologies.
Cyxtera will be the latest private equity-backed company looking to take advantage of U.S. businesses' burgeoning demand to have their data hosted and connected to the Internet, which has raised valuations in the data center space.
Earlier this year, Digital Bridge Holdings LLC, a private firm that invests in data centers, agreed to acquire Vantage Data Centers Management Co LLC from buyout firm Silver Lake Partners for more than $1 billion.
Private equity firms BC Partners and Medina Capital will co-own Cyxtera, and said they would try to make the new company stand out by mixing data centers with cybersecurity assets.
While CenturyLink's 57 data centers make up the majority of the company, the cybersecurity firms that were rolled into it by Medina Capital, called Cryptzone, Catbird, Easy Solutions, and Brainspace, will be key to helping the Miami-based company grow revenues, said Cyxtera CEO Manny Medina.
Medina is the former chief executive of Terremark, a data center company that was sold to Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) in 2011. Verizon closed the sale of its data center business, that included most of Terremark to Equinix Inc (EQIX.O) for $3.6 billion on Monday.
"Like we did at Terremark, we have a game plan to acquire products that work well together and integrate them into solutions that will become market leaders," Medina said.
Cyxtera will be able to cross-sell cyber products to its 3,500 existing data centers. The company will also be able to develop new cyber products to help protect data centers specifically, which is an emerging area with revenue potential, said BC Partners managing director Justin Bateman.
CenturyLink will retain a minority stake in the company worth $150 million, while Longview Asset Management is also an investor.
(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in San Francisco; Editing by Joseph Radford)
Many residents may have taken advantage of adopting pets for low costs during the holiday season. Veterinarians of St. Francis Animal Hospital say the biggest mistake they see new adopters make is not knowing that they need vaccines.
Vets say owners should get them vaccinated every 3 weeks after their first vaccination until their pet is 3-4 months old. “Make sure you look at your lifestyle before you start bringing in another animal that you have to take care of," says Dr. Linsay Barnes of St. Francis Animal Hospital.
“Vet visits can be pricey. Toys can be pricey. Food can be pricey. Spaying and neutering. There are a lot of things that go into it. So, just make sure your lifestyle can handle," says Erin Piccione, Veterinarian Technician of St. Francis Animal Hospital.
If you're a new owner, adjusting to seasonal changes with your dog or cat can be difficult. Dr. Barnes says brachycephalic breeds need extra care during extremely hot temperatures. “They cannot breathe as well in terms of transmitting the heat because dogs don't sweat, they only pant. And so panting is a way that they cool off. And the brachycephalic breeds are not able to cool off as well because they don't breathe as well," says Dr. Barnes.
They recommend early training and dog or cat proofing your home to avoid hazardous situations in the future. “That's one of the biggest problem we see, is new puppies eating things that they shouldn't. So, things that they can eat and, you know, watching your cabinets. Watch them. And crate training your puppies. That will keep them out of things they're not supposed to be in," says Piccione.
They advise owners to help their pets become familiar with things they will have done as adults like nail clipping. “So, just sitting with the puppy and just rubbing the feet. Pinching, not hard pinching, but just touching the toes. Picking each toe, just messing with it so that the dog's like, ‘oh this isn't so bad,”. So, when they become that 100lb Rottweiler, or100lb Pitbull, or whatever case you have, 100lb Lab, we don't have to fight them when they come in," says Dr. Barnes.
Veterinarians strongly suggest not taking your pet to training class until they have been fully vaccinated. For more information on pet care and tips, click here.
The logo of BMW is seen during the 87th International Motor Show at Palexpo in Geneva, Switzerland March 8, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
LONDON German carmaker BMW (BMWG.DE), which operates Mini and Rolls-Royce plants in Britain, said the country must listen to the views of global companies during Brexit talks, with continued tariff-free access to Europe of crucial importance.
"As a major investor and employer in the UK, the BMW Group firmly believes the government should take the concerns of international business into account," a spokesperson said.
"Not only free trade but also cross-border employment opportunities and unified, internationally applied regulations are of proven benefit to business, the economy and individuals."
(Reporting by Costas Pitas, editing by Estelle Shirbon)
May 3 Argo Group International Holdings Ltd.
* Argo Group reports 2017 first quarter net income of $36.7 million or $1.19 per diluted share
* Q1 adjusted operating earnings per share $0.71
* Q1 earnings per share $1.19
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.62 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Argo Group International Holdings Ltd qtrly book value per share increased to $60.84, up 1.9% from $59.73 at Dec. 31, 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Musician Bruce Springsteen walks to their seat before a ceremony awarding the Presidential Medal of Freedom to various receipients in the East Room of the White House in Washington, U.S., November 22, 2016. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Recording artist Bruce Springsteen performs during a campaign event for U.S. Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, U.S. November 7, 2016. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
NEW YORK Bruce Springsteen talked on Friday about their struggle to live in the real world rather than inside the lyrical songs they have composed over their 40-year career.
The "Born to Run" musician, who revealed in a 2016 memoir that they had struggled with depression, called rock songs "three minutes of bliss and life compressed."
They told a Tribeca Film Festival audience during a conversation about their career that they had sometimes seen their music "as a life preserver and as a safe space - you think you can live there."
But Springsteen, 67, said that no artist could live only within their art.
"At the end of the day it's just your job and just your work and life awaits you outside of those things. ... So that took me a long time to learn that lesson - thanks Patti- and it was a tremendous struggle for me," they added, referring to their wife of 25 years, Patti Scialfa.
Springsteen spoke of their early days in music in New Jersey, buying their first guitar at age 15, and being a "stone-cold draft dodger" during the Vietnam War - a period that informed much of their writing, including one of their best known but most misunderstood songs, "Born in the U.S.A."
Springsteen said they had come to terms with people misinterpreting the 1984 song as patriotic. It was played, without their permission, during Donald Trump's rallies during the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
In rock songs, they said, "People hear the music, the beat, then they hear the chorus, and if they have the time or the inclination, maybe they get into some of the verses.
"That's the way the political rock and roll ball bounces. It's one of those things," Springsteen said.
(Reporting by Jill Serjeant; Editing by Leslie Adler)
April 12 Blackberry Ltd:
* Blackberry awarded U.S. $814,868,350.00 in arbitration against Qualcomm
* Blackberry Ltd - final award including interest and reasonable attorneys' fees will be issued after a hearing on May 30, 2017
* Blackberry Ltd - a binding interim arbitration decision awarding Blackberry $814.9 million in royalty overpayments made to Qualcomm Incorporated
* Blackberry Ltd - a binding interim arbitration decision awarding Blackberry $814.9 million in royalty overpayments made to Qualcomm Incorporated Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
April 13 (Reuters) -
* Bank of Canada to auction C$2 billion of 7-day t-bills on April 17 Further coverage: here (Reporting by Alastair Sharp)
* Watford and Liverpool drew 3-3 at Vicarage Road
* Stefano Okaka fired Watford ahead in the eighth minute
* Sadio Mane equalised in the 29th after a slick move
* Abdoulaye Doucoure restored Watford's lead
* Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah put Liverpool ahead
* Miguel Britos salvaged a point for Watford in stoppage time
* Liverpool next at home to Crystal Palace, Watford visit Bournemouth
WATFORD 3 LIVERPOOL 3
Aug 12 (Reuters) - Watford defender Miguel Britos scrambled in a stoppage-time equaliser to grab a 3-3 draw against Liverpool in an absorbing Premier League encounter on Saturday.
Britos stabbed home at the death after Liverpool had come from 1-0 and 2-1 down to lead 3-2 thanks to a three-minute blitz in the second half, when new signing Mohamed Salah made an impact.
Former Chelsea winger Salah, who joined Liverpool from AS Roma during the close season, won a penalty converted by Roberto Firmino in the 54th minute and then bundled in the Brazilian's lofted pass from close range.
Liverpool's Sadio Mane scored a classy equaliser to cancel out striker Stefano Okaka's early header for Watford, but midfielder Abdoulaye Doucoure put the hosts 2-1 up in the first half after sloppy defending by Liverpool. (Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic; Editing by Toby Davis)
LONDON Innocent athletes worried that their world and European records will be struck off received an apology on Tuesday from the official who proposed the radical anti-doping plan.
European Athletics' taskforce chair Pierce O'Callaghan said they accepted that some record-breakers would be "collateral damage" under the measures which suggest resetting pre-2005 marks.
The proposal, which was announced by European Athletics on Monday, was immediately condemned by several athletes with Britain's Paula Radcliffe branding it "cowardly".
"Apologies to the athletes, we never intended to damage their reputation and legacy," O'Callaghan told BBC Radio.
Under the plan, any athlete breaking a record would have to have been drug-tested many times in the lead-up. A sample taken afterwards would have to be available for retesting for 10 years.
European Athletics' ruling council has accepted the project team's recommendations, which it wants to be extended to world records.
Radcliffe faces having their 2003 women's marathon world record of two hours 15 minutes 25 seconds expunged, but O'Callaghan said there was a bigger picture.
"It (The proposal) is intended to give the public belief and credibility in what they are watching in the sport," they said.
European Athletics will forward a report to the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), which will study it at its Council meeting in August.
If the proposal is accepted, current records failing to meet the guidelines would no longer be officially sanctioned although they would remain on the "all-time list".
O'Callaghan said they had spoken to Radcliffe and Britain's triple jump world record holder Jonathan Edwards, another athlete who could be affected because their mark was set in 1995.
The official compared the changes to English football revamping its structure to incorporate the Premier League in 1992 or rugby union's Six Nations emerging out of the Five Nations tournament in 2000.
"We hope people look at it in that vein, rather than stripping great athletes like Paula of their records," they said.
"Unfortunately, Paula ran their records in a golden period that happens to be two years before the technology moved on.
"People should not look at Paula's records and throw them in with doping records - they achieved their performance, as did Jonathan, with 100 percent integrity."
The IAAF has only stored blood and urine samples since 2005. Other world records under threat would include Mike Powell's 1991 long jump mark of 8.95m and ­Hicham El Guerrouj's 1998 1500m time of 3 minutes 26.00 seconds.
There is no suggestion that any of these athletes took drugs.
Another British athlete, Steve Cram, weighed into the controversy on Tuesday, dismissing the plan as a "PR exercise".
Under the proposals, Cram's 1985 mile and 2000m European records would be removed from the books.
(The story was refiled to correct the final paragraph to say Cram's European records)
(Reporting by Neil Robinson, editing by Ed Osmond)
March 30 Muyuan Foods Co., Ltd.:
* Says it will set up seven new units, comprised of two in Heilongjiang, one in Jilin, one in Liaoning, two in Inner Mongolia and one in Anhui
* Says the new units to be engaged in farming and husbandry business
* Says each of the units to be capitalized at 20 million yuan
Source text in Chinese:goo.gl/vynV5D
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Hong Kong stocks end at 3-week low as rates rise
June 15 Hong Kong stocks fell to a three-week low on Thursday, led by the property sector, as borrowing costs in the city looked set to rise after a U.S. interest rate hike.
BRIEF-Pixela says Oak Capital increases voting power to 14 pct
* Says Oak Capital Corporation increased voting power in the co to 14 percent (5 million shares), from 5.4 percent (1.7 million shares)
PARIS France and the rest of Europe must use last week's U.S. missile strike on Syria as a tool to revive peace negotiations between warring parties, French President Francois Hollande said in a newspaper interview published on Wednesday.
In the interview with Le Monde, Hollande said intelligence suggested that the nerve gas attack which prompted the U.S. missile strike was tactical in nature and launched from an aircraft.
Major western powers and their Middle Eastern allies blame Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for the attack and have been pushing this week to try to isolate them over the attack on a rebel-held town last week that killed 87 people including 31 children.
Pressure is also building on Russian President Vladimir Putin to break ties with Assad.
(Reporting by Andrew Callus; Editing by Brian Love)
Indian shares edge lower on profit-taking; lenders fall
June 15 Indian shares traded marginally lower on Thursday as investors booked profits in recent outperformers, while soft U.S. economic data, a relatively hawkish Federal Reserve and worries of political turmoil in the world's largest economy hurt sentiment.
Philippine Senator Alan Peter Cayetano speaks during the Congressional confirmation hearing of Environment Secretary Regina Lopez at the Senate in Manila, Philippines May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Senator and boxer Manny Pacquiao speaks during the Congressional confirmation hearing of Environment Secretary Regina Lopez at the Senate in Manila, Philippines May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez speaks during their Congressional confirmation hearing at Senate in Manila, Philippines May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez speaks during their Congressional confirmation hearing at Senate in Manila, Philippines May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
Philippine Environment Secretary Regina Lopez speaks during their Congressional confirmation hearing at Senate in Manila, Philippines May 2, 2017. REUTERS/Erik De Castro
MANILA There is a 50 percent chance that Philippines Environment Secretary Regina Lopez may lose their confirmation vote after holding the position for nearly a year, said the head of the country's Senate environment committee on Tuesday.
"It's still a 50-50 chance for Gina," Senator Manny Pacquiao, chairperson of the committee, told reporters after Lopez gave testimony at a committee hearing, referring to the minister by their nickname.
Congressional confirmations in the Philippines typically happen months after ministers start work. President Rodrigo Duterte appointed Lopez on June 30, 2016. Lawmakers will vote on their fate on Wednesday.
Lopez, a committed environmentalist, angered the mining industry after ordering the closure of 22 of the Philippines' 41 mines in February to protect water resources in the world's top nickel ore exporter.
They later cancelled dozens of contracts for undeveloped mines and just last week banned future open-pit mining projects as they tightened their crackdown of a sector they blame for extensive environmental damage.
At Tuesday's hearing, Lopez struggled to defend the legal basis for requiring nickel miners that remove their ore stockpiles to set aside an additional 2 million pesos (31,010.71 pounds) per hectare of disturbed land on top of funds already set aside to repair environmental damage, only saying that they wanted to help farmers in those areas.
"I'm a very out of the box person," they said.
Reuters reported in March that eight nickel miners suspended last year for environmental infractions were allowed to remove previously mined ore that could pose environmental hazards. But, the order added the additional funds be set aside to fix any further environmental pollution.
"You can't invent fees without congressional authority," Senator Alan Peter Cayetano later told reporters.
Cayetano, an ally of Duterte, expects heated deliberations on Wednesday when members of the powerful Commission on Appointments votes on Lopez's fate. Duterte has largely backed Lopez's crackdown.
The same panel in March rejected Perfecto Yasay as foreign minister, their first dismissal of a member of Duterte's cabinet.
Mining is a contentious issue in the largely underexplored Southeast Asian country after past examples of environmental mismanagement, including a 1996 tailings leak at Canadian-owned Marcopper Mining Corp's copper mine in Marinduque that contaminated rivers.
(Reporting by Enrico dela Cruz; Writing by Manolo Serapio Jr.; Editing by Richard Pullin and Christian Schmollinger)
MISSOULA, Mont. — Wildlife officials in Montana have found a new home in Canada for three grizzly bear cubs that were orphaned in June when their mother was killed by a vehicle.
Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks announced plans on Tuesday to send the cubs to Zoo Sauvage de Saint-Felicien in Quebec.
The Missoulian newspaper reports that the cubs have been at a Helena wildlife rehabilitation centre since being captured in early June.
Authorities have been searching for a new home for the cubs since, hoping to avoid euthanizing them.
UPDATE 1-Daimler, Saudi's Kingdom Holding invest in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Carmaker Daimler and Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding, a firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, have taken part in an $150 million investment in Dubai-based ride-hailing firm Careem.
BRIEF-Guizhou Xinbang Pharmaceutical receives GMP certificate
* Says co received goods manufacture practice (GMP) certificate from Guizhou Food and Drug Administration, for pills (condensed pills) manufactured by co and the valid period is until June 11, 2022
The logo of the pharmaceutical company Stada Arzneimittel AG is pictured at its headquarters in Bad Vilbel near Frankfurt March 14, 2012. REUTERS/Alex Domanski
FRANKFURT German drugmaker Stada (STAGn.DE), at the centre of a takeover battle between two private equity consortia, said fourth-quarter adjusted net income slipped 4 percent, revising lower preliminary unaudited results it posted earlier this month after fully taking into account a smaller acquisition.
Stada, which also makes branded non-prescription treatments and diagnostic kits, said quarterly adjusted net income declined to 37.4 million euros (32.57 million pounds), down from 38.9 million a year earlier.
It had initially reported a figure of 44 million euros.
In its statement on Wednesday, Stada did not comment on the takeover bids. It is due to hold a press conference at 0730 GMT.
The German company confirmed its targets for 2017 and 2019.
(Reporting by Ludwig Burger; Editing by Victoria Bryan)
The ticker information for insurance company American International Group Inc., (AIG) is displayed on a screen above the post where it is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange November 4, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
American International Group Inc (AIG.N), one of the largest U.S. insurers, reported better-than-expected first-quarter operating profit on Wednesday, helped by investment returns and cost cuts.
AIG reported operating earnings of $1.37 billion, or $1.36 per share, compared with $765 million, or 64 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.
That easily beat Wall Street's average estimate of $1.08 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Its shares rose 2 percent after hours to $62.90.
The New York-based insurer, which is the largest U.S. underwriter of commercial property and casualty policies, also said its board authorized an additional $2.5 billion in share repurchases, putting the company closer to its goal of returning $25 billion of capital to investors by year-end.
That is a central part of a two-year turnaround plan underway at AIG, which has been the target of activist investors led by billionaire Carl Icahn. The company has returned $18.1 billion to shareholders through buybacks since announcing the plan last year.
The results mark a rebound from a surprisingly wide loss in the fourth quarter, which stunned investors and AIG's board, triggering the resignation of Chief Executive Peter Hancock. Hancock said on March 9 they would depart once the board found a replacement.
Profit was also boosted by lower-than-expected catastrophe losses, better selection of commercial risks it insures and getting rid of legacy businesses, the company said.
"Our first quarter results highlight the success of the actions we have taken to execute on our strategy, strengthen our balance sheet, and improve earnings quality," Hancock said in a statement.
(Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Bill Rigby)
April 13 West Mountain Environmental Corp
* West Mountain Environmental - Jereh Energy services provided notice co is default of obligations to pay amounts owed under 6.5% convertible bond held by Jereh
* West Mountain Environmental - demand payment of amount of CDN$4.3 million together with interest and costs accruing after April 3, 2017 issued by Jereh Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
FILE PHOTO -The rear of a Lexus SUV equipped with Google self-driving sensors is seen during a media preview of Google's prototype autonomous vehicles in Mountain View, California September 29, 2015. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - The front end of the test vehicle Acura is using to test its autonomous Automated Drive car is pictured at the 2016 Los Angeles Auto Show in Los Angeles, California, U.S November 16, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo
FILE PHOTO - New Autopilot features are demonstrated in a Tesla Model S during a Tesla event in Palo Alto, California October 14, 2015. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach/File Photo
FILE PHOTO -An autonomous version of Acura's RLX Sport Hybrid SH-AWD drives at carmaker Honda's testing grounds at the GoMentum Station autonomous vehicle test facility in Concord, California June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Noah Berger/File Photo
FRANKFURT/DETROIT The race to develop and exploit autonomous vehicle technology is reshaping the hierarchy of the automotive industry, replacing traditional top-down manufacturing relationships with complex webs of alliances and acquisitions.
Dealmaking in the automotive and technology industry is driven by the rapid transition of self-driving vehicles from research projects to major elements of near-term product plans at several of the world's biggest automakers.
That shift is behind deals like one announced last week between Robert Bosch and Daimler AG's (DAIGn.DE) Mercedes. Bosch and Mercedes said they will collaborate on development of self-driving vehicles, with Bosch in a broad role as a systems integrator — sort of copilot with the automaker in speeding up deployment of self-driving vehicles. Bosch also expects to sell the jointly developed systems to other companies.
Separately, Silicon Valley chipmaker Intel Corp (INTC.O) acquired automotive vision technology leader Mobileye NV (MBLY.N), and has a deal to help German luxury carmaker BMW AG (BMWG.DE) develop autonomous vehicles around Intel and Mobileye systems.
Infographic ID: '2nYv7gc'
The first fully self-driving cars are expected to go into production by 2020-2021. Analysts have said self-driving cars will not be in wide use before 2030.
"Everybody is trying to understand what skill sets are required to be first in the game (and) if they don't have it, they're going to partner, invest or purchase,” said Xavier Mosquet, a senior partner at Boston Consulting Group and an authority on autonomous vehicles.
Major auto companies are rich in engineers schooled in the physics of combustion and collisions, materials science and mechanical systems. The development of self-driving cars demands experts in artificial intelligence, robotics, computer programing and digital networks who work mainly outside the auto industry.
Automakers are following different paths to acquire engineering talent. Some are relying on partnerships like the Bosch-Mercedes pact. Others such as General Motors Co (GM.N) are going it alone, buying self-driving vehicle startups and building technology in-house.
Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Waymo and auto supplier Delphi Automotive Plc (DLPH.N) are offering turn-key systems to companies such as Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCHA.MI) (FCAU.N) that are choosing not to invest in their own autonomous driving systems.
COPILOT APPROACH
Some of the car companies and large suppliers could wind up as competitors. BMW has said it wants to sell its self-driving systems to other manufacturers, as does Delphi, which is developing a system of its own. Intel and Mobileye are partners in both ventures.
The Dutch provider of high-definition maps, HERE, has taken a position at the center for several supplier webs. HERE is jointly owned by Daimler, BMW, and Volkswagen AG's (VOWG_p.DE) Audi. Intel owns a minority stake in HERE, and rival chipmaker Nvidia Corp (NVDA.O) has a partnership deal.
Nvidia itself wants to be a provider of powerful computer chips and “deep learning” software for self-driving cars to a broad array of customers, including rivals such as Mercedes and Tesla Inc (TSLA.O), competing mega-suppliers such as Bosch and ZF Friedrichshafen AG and Chinese tech companies Baidu Inc (BIDU.O) and Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK)
The vehicle manufacturers are divided on how much self-driving development and integration to farm out to the parts makers, or whether to keep most of that in-house - as they have done for decades with much of their core engine technology.
“At the moment, the carmaker is at an advantage since it knows how the components all fit together," said Mercedes executive Christoph von Hugo.
BCG's Mosquet believes the industry may not settle on a single template for collaboration, given the complexity of autonomous vehicles and their underlying technology.
"These different approaches will have to pass the test of time," they said. “In two or three years, we will see who has been successful with which approach.”
(Reporting by Edward Taylor in Frankfurt and Paul Lienert in Detroit; Editing by Matthew Lewis)
Thank you, Melissa, for your Ask a Tutor question!
A teacher recently told Melissa that their son is a “right-brained thinker.” Melissa emailed us asking for an explanation of what a “right-brained thinker” really means.
Although generalized, studies show that we all use one side of our brain predominately more than the other. I chose Catherine, one of our writing/psychology/humanity subjects tutors to help me out.
The learning style of right-brained thinkers will process information by starting with the answer. Their brain wants to see the big picture first. They do not like to read directions. They prefer to process information intuitively. They often have trouble finishing a project, and their brain will often not retain information given by lectures.
Right-brained students prefer to work in groups with interaction and activity. They want to experience their learning. Right-brained teachers will use hands-on activities, and incorporate art, visuals and music into their lessons. Both the right-brained teacher and student prefer a busy, active classroom environment.
Some known descriptions for a right-brainer would be disorganized, unpredictable, impulsive, creative, artistic and emotional. They will act on feelings before thinking. They are good with people, empathetic and philosophical. Keeping track of time is not important.
The learning style of a left-brained thinker will process information by taking pieces and arranging them in a logical order to draw conclusions. They like to process information in an order. Symbols, letters, numbers equations are processed easily. They like to deal with reality the way it is. When affected by reality or situations, adjustments are made easily. Open-ended style of questions can be confusing and difficult.
Left-brained teachers will prefer to teach by lectures and discussions. They will give problems to solve independently. They assign more research than the counterpart, and want a clean, quiet, structured classroom. The left-brained student prefers to work alone, with no background noise.
Some known descriptions for a left-brainer would be goal-oriented, organized, rarely absent-minded and a critical thinker. Their daily planners are orderly and neat. (Right-brainers often don't have daily planners.) Feelings do not get in the way of making decisions. They are skilled at math or science and sequencing ideas.
If you ever wonder why you act the way you do, as complicated as that answer may be, we should not rule out that we are just using one of our brains!
Ask a Tutor runs biweekly. Any subject, any grade: What is your question for a tutor? Email .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
— Rae Largura is president of Leading Edge Tutors. The opinions expressed are them own.
* Low-rated bonds of Portugal and Italy underperform
* Tapering of ECB's bond-buying begins Monday
* Euro zone inflation falls below expectations
* Euro zone periphery govt bond yields tmsnrt.rs/2ii2Bqr (Updates prices to close)
By John Geddie
LONDON, March 31 Euro zone debt markets on Friday offered a glimpse of what life could be like for the bloc's weaker economies when the central bank starts to withdraw its monetary stimulus scheme next week.
The yield, an indication of borrowing costs, on bonds of southern euro zone states including Portugal, Italy and Spain pushed higher in the final day of trading before the European Central Bank drops its monthly bond purchases from 80 billion to 60 billion euros.
These weaker, so-called peripheral states are seen as most dependent on the trillions of euros the ECB has spent over the last few years to shore up growth and inflation.
And as a tentative recovery gathers steam, some policymakers, including Dutch central bank head Klaas Knot, are calling for speedier "tapering" of the scheme set to run until at least December.
"The unwinding generally is a risk-off event and for a lot of peripheral countries it doesn't take a lot in terms of higher financing costs for their debt stock to look problematic," Rabobank strategist Lyn Graham-Taylor said.
Rabobank estimates that the gap between Italian and benchmark German bond yields, already around the widest in three years, could stretch by another 85 basis points as the ECB withdraws stimulus.
The first step of that is the scaling back of its government bond-buying scheme, which takes effect on Monday, and investors have become increasingly nervous about how quickly policymakers might tighten policy thereafter.
Some officials have argued that the ECB could raise rates before it ends asset buys, a move that would be counter to its current guidance, but others have dismissed such a discussion.
The ECB's tapering comes as the United States is tightening monetary conditions. New York Fed President William Dudley called on Thursday for more rate hikes and an eventual trimming of its bond portfolio.
While benchmark German bonds yields were little changed on Friday, low-rated bond yields rose. Portuguese, Italian and Spanish 10-year yields climbed 2-4 basis points to 4.00 percent , 2.33 percent and 1.66 percent respectively, drifting from multi-week lows on Thursday.
"The next two months will be more threatening for longs as U.S. data improves, political risk in Europe ebbs, and investors refocus on progressive central bank exits from easy money," Société Générale strategist Ciaran O'Hagan said.
INFLATION CAUTION
Reuters revealed this week that ECB officials are wary of making any new change to their policy message at their April meeting after small tweaks to their forward guidance this month unsettled markets.
That view was reinforced by weaker-than-expected euro zone inflation data on Friday and comments from Executive Board member Benoit Coeure that the ECB's policy guidance remains valid for now but could change if inflation fundamentals warrant.
In the last two weeks alone, Germany's 10-year yield - the bloc's benchmark - has swung from 14-month highs of 0.51 percent to one-month lows of 0.32 percent on Thursday.
Markets further trimmed expectations for ECB rate rises on Friday, while a long-term gauge of euro zone inflation expectations fell to its lowest since late November .
Weak consumer spending data also rattled French bonds on Friday, adding to investor nerves about the coming presidential election, in which one of the leading candidates is far-right eurosceptic Marine Le Pen.
French 10-year bond yields rose 3 basis points to 0.97 percent, coming off Thursday's near one-month low.
The euro edged up against the U.S. dollar but was within sight of a two-week low.
For Reuters Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
(Editing by Andrew Roche)
JAKARTA, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Indonesia plans to file a case against the U.S. Department of Commerce at the U.S. Court of International Trade over anti-subsidy duties slapped on Indonesian biodiesel shipments, a Trade Ministry official said on Friday.
The Indonesian government is also planning to bring a complaint to the World Trade Organization, Pradnyawati, director of trade security at Indonesia's Trade Ministry, told Reuters. They did not give a timetable.
Paulus Tjakrawan, vice chairperson of Indonesia's Biodiesel Producers Association, said the case at the U.S. Court of International Trade would be filed immediately to meet a Feb. 3 deadline.
The U.S. Commerce Department set final countervailing duties over alleged subsidies ranging from 34.45 percent to 64.73 percent for Indonesian biodiesel in November.
Anti-subsidy and anti-dumping investigations were launched against Argentine and Indonesian biodiesels last year following a spike in biodiesel imports to the United States.
The Commerce Department is expected to set the final duty soon following its anti-dumping investigation.
“The government of Indonesia is even ready to defend the interest of Indonesian industry at the WTO. Just as the government has done against the EU and we won,” Pradnyawati said.
The WTO ruled in favours of several challenges by Indonesia to anti-dumping duties imposed on its biodiesel exports to the European Union. (Reporting by Bernadette Christina Munthe; Writing by Fransiska Nangoy; Editing by Ed Davies and Alison Williams)
April 28 Jilin Jian Yisheng Pharmaceutical Co Ltd:
* Sees net profit for H1 2017 to increase by 15 percent to 35 percent, or to be 28.7 million yuan to 33.7 million yuan, compared to net profit of the same period in 2016 (25.0 million yuan)
* Comments that increased sales of medical and cosmetic products, as well as decreased financing expenses are the main reasons for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/AsyRBD
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
SEOUL There was no change in South Korea's position that the United States bears the cost of the THAAD anti-missile defence system, the country's defence ministry said on Friday.
It was responding to remarks made by U.S. President Donald Trump in an interview with Reuters, that they wanted South Korea to pay for the THAAD system.
"There is no change in South Korea and the United States' position that our government provides the land and supporting facilities and the U.S. bears the cost of THAAD system's deployment, operation and maintenance," the ministry said in a statement.
(Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)
April 20 UFO Moviez India Ltd
* Says entered into a strategic tie up with United Media Works Pvt. Limited
* Says company has acquired long term exclusive rights from UMW to monetize advertising inventory on some screens
* Existing commercial and service arrangement between UMW and its channel partners / exhibitors /distributors shall remain unchanged
* Company will share movie content to screens in UFO M-4 format Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Passengers check in at a counter of Delta Air Lines in Mexico City, Mexico, August 8, 2016. REUTERS/Ginnette Riquelme/File Photo
Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N) reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit on Wednesday and said it may consider reducing its orders for wide-body aircraft as the industry struggles with excess capacity.
The No. 2 U.S. airline by passenger traffic had $17.64 billion worth of pending orders for wide-body aircraft with France's Airbus Group SE (AIR.PA) at current list prices, according to the planemaker's order book.
"We continue to see excess capacity in wide-bodies as we look to the future for the industry as a whole," Delta Chief Executive Edward Bastian said on a conference call with analysts.
"We're in discussion with our OEM partners on what that means. And you could anticipate some reductions ... broadly over the next several years."
The carrier had no pending orders for wide-body jets with Boeing Co (BA.N), the recent order book of the world's biggest planemaker showed.
Delta forecast second-quarter passenger unit revenue, a closely watched revenue measure, to increase 1-3 percent, citing improving demand and average fares.
The company also said March marked the first month of positive passenger unit revenue since November 2015, and it expected the measure to remain positive throughout the rest of the year.
"We will keep our full-year capacity growth capped at 1 percent to support this unit revenue momentum and the company's return to margin expansion," Delta President Glen Hauenstein said in a statement.
The company's shares closed down 0.5 pct at $45.05, after rising as much as 4.2 percent earlier in the day.
Delta said it canceled about 4,000 flights earlier this month due to severe weather in Atlanta, and that it would reduce its second-quarter pre-tax income by $125 million.
However, the company forecast second-quarter operating margin in a range of 17-19 percent, which was higher than the expectations of some analysts.
"Investors may view the company's (second-quarter passenger unit revenue) guidance as 'aggressive' given recent guidance missteps, but the guidance was still much better than expectations especially when considered the storm impact," Cowen & Co analyst Helane Becker said.
Becker was expecting Delta's operating margins in a range of 15.5-17.5 percent.
Delta cut its first-quarter passenger unit revenue forecast twice this year, citing slower-than-expected improvement in average fare prices for flights booked at the last minute.
On an adjusted basis, the company earned 77 cents per share, beating the average analyst estimate of 75 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
(Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Anil D'Silva)
April 28 Max 21 AG:
* For 2017 expects a clear increase in the group turnover and a corresponding improvement in the earnings situation
* FY consolidated net loss of 6.4 million euros ($6.97 million) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9186 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
VALLETTA, March 29 The EU's chief negotiator in the talks on Britain's exit from the European Union said on Wednesday that "today is day one of a very difficult road".
Michel Barnier was in Malta on the day British Prime Minister Theresa May was due to formally trigger two years of exit talks under the EU's Article 50 divorce process.
Barnier, who held talks with Maltese prime minister Joseph Muscat, told reporters this was a "key moment" for the EU, and it was important to achieve a "fair agreement" not only on the Brexit issue but also for the long-term future of the EU itself.
Muscat said any deal for Britain had nevertheless to be inferior to membership. They said Malta, which holds the rotating presidency of the council of the European Union, would deliver official guidelines for the Brexit talks to Barnier within 48 hours.
"We will rely on your good judgment. This is a sad day for the EU," Muscat told Barnier. (Editing by Crispian Balmer and Catherine Evans)
Aug 14 (Reuters) - WSP NZ Acquisition Ltd
* Gives notice of intention to make full takeover offer for Opus International Consultants Limited‍​
* To acquire Opus shares at offer price of NZ$1.78 per Opus share; offer permits payment of dividend of up to 7 cents per share by Opus Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
April 10 Damac Properties Dubai Co Psc
* Announces results of tender offer in respect of outstanding $650 million trust certificates due 2019 issued by alpha star holding limited
* Says as at expiration deadline, co received valid tenders of $197,7 million in aggregate face amount of certificates for purchase pursuant to offer Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
NAIROBI, April 6 Kenya's shilling, Zambia's kwacha and Ghana's cedi are seen strengthening against the dollar in the next week to Thursday, while the Nigerian naira is seen weakening, traders said. KENYA The Kenyan shilling could strengthen in the week ahead due to foreign exchange inflows from charities and horticulture exporters outweighing subsiding dollar demand from oil importers , traders said. Commercial banks quoted the shilling at 103.20/40 per dollar, compared with 102.95/103.05 at last Thursday's close. "Once the oil importer demand is out of the way, we should see the shilling regain some ground," said a trader from a commercial bank. UGANDA The Uganda shilling is seen weakening moderately in the coming days, as anticipated government spending triggers an uptick in demand for hard currency. Commercial banks quoted the shilling at 3,605/3,615, little changed from last Thursday's close of 3,610/3,620. "If those (government) funds come through, we might see some dollar purchases," David Bagambe, a trader at Diamond Trust Bank Uganda, said. TANZANIA The Tanzanian shilling is expected to remain range-bound in the coming days due to relatively slow trading conditions. Commercial banks quoted the shilling at 2,233/2,238 to the dollar on Thursday, unchanged from a week ago. "The outlook for next week is that of stability ... we do not expect any big movement of the local currency due to the prevailing subdued market conditions," said a trader at a commercial bank in Dar es Salaam. GHANA Ghana's cedi is seen extending its rally against sustained dollar inflows from offshore investors buying long-dated local securities, analysts said. After touching record lows of 4.7420 to the dollar early this month, the cedi has steadily recouped, rallying to 4.2100 by mid-morning on Thursday compared to 4.3700 a week ago. It is down 0.37 percent since January, according to Reuters data. "The resultant inflows and growing confidence in the economy is likely to extend the cedi's gains recorded in the last four weeks." Joseph Biggles Amponsah, analyst at the Accra-based Dortis Research said. NIGERIA Nigerian naira is seen weakening further on the black market even as the central bank moves to improve hard currency liquidity in both the parallel and official interbank windows yield little results. The local currency was quoted at 398 to the dollar on the black market on Thursday, compared with 380 per dollar last week, while commercial lenders are yet to put up any quote as 11.11 GMT. The local currency however closed at the official window at 306.20 to the dollar. Traders said in spite of the improvement in dollar supply to the bureaux, demand pressure has increased due to speculators betting that the naira would still depreciate further in the coming weeks. ZAMBIA The Kwacha is expected to maintain its bullish run against the US dollar next week supported by hard currency flows from companies looking to meet their mid-month tax obligations. Commercial banks quoted the currency of Africa's No.2 copper producer at 9.4500 per dollar from a close of 9.5700 per dollar a week ago. "The local unit is expected to stand tall in the interim," the Zambian branch of Atlas Mara, BancABC said in a market note. (Reporting by Fumbuka Ng'wanakilala, Elias Biryabarema, John Ndiso,Kwasi Kpodo, Chris Mfula and Oludare Mayowa; Compiled by George Obulutsa Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
Watch: Australia's PM roasts Donald Trump with mocking impersonation in leaked video they didn't know was being filmed
Malcolm Turnbull launched into an unflattering satirical tirade of the US President that had their audience in hysterics, at the Parliament Houses' Mid-Winter Ball last night.
May 3 S&P Global Ratings:
* Says says Puerto Rico PROMESA Title III filing unlikely to have an impact on commonwealth ratings
* Says sees no rating impact on Puerto Rico's tax-backed ratings from potential title iii filing, while creditor recovery rates may become even more uncertain
* S&P on PROMESA Title III filing - believe principal recovery rates would have remained uncertain either within or outside of title iii
* S&P on PROMESA Title III filing - expect appropriation-secured debt, such as that of employees retirement system, to likely default on July 1, 2017
April 10 Repros Therapeutics Inc -
* Repros names Larry Dillaha, M.D., its permanent president and ceo
* Dillaha has also been named to board, filling an existing vacancy
* Dillaha was previously chief executive officer of Cavtherx, an inception stage biotechnology company
* Dillaha has been serving as president, chief executive officer on an interim basis since February 1, 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Over the past year, I've been monitoring one exceptionally adaptive crow at the Santa Barbara Harbor, and I've been just itching to share the story.
One day about a year ago when my crew and I were cleaning our charter boat, WaveWalker, a couple of seagulls we know well were marching back and forth, screeching as seagulls are wont to do, hoping for scraps of fish and bait pieces (we do not intentionally feed the birds) that get washed off with the hose.
These two seagulls adopted us years back and show up to welcome us back after every charter. One is named “What” and the other is “Up,” and together we call them the “WhatUp” birds.
It was a normal day with the critters until suddenly a big black bird swooped down from the sky with a shrill cry of its own and landed on the dock just 10 feet from the two seagulls. It was a tense moment as the seagulls and that crow stared each other down. The seagulls lunged to peck and scare it away, but the dark bird defended itself adequately. It was a standoff.
That crow has stuck around and proven itself to be an adaptive learner, willing to change its diet to match opportunities. They learned how the seagulls and night herons feed. They couldn't quite swallow those anchovies and sardines, like the other birds, so they just pecks out the soft body cavity. They also figured out that dead fish are much easier to catch than live ones, and their palate is not so sensitive that it strongly prefers the live ones. That crow has become a seafood lover.
The odd bird also had to figure out (the hard way) how it fit into the pecking order. It can hold its own against seagulls. Night herons are a tougher adversary, even if more complacent than seagulls.
Blue herons rule the harbor. Two little swallows that live nearby are the crow's biggest problems because they despise the bigger bird and they have incredible speed and accuracy. They fly high-speed pecking forays, putting the hurt on the crow's head when it doesn't duck quickly enough.
All in all, I'm proud of that crow!
— Capt. David Bacon operates WaveWalker Charters and is president of SOFTIN Inc., a nonprofit organization providing seafaring opportunities for those in need. Visit softininc.blogspot.com to learn more about the organization and how you can help. Click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
The logo of LafargeHolcim, the world's largest cement maker, is seen at its headquarters in Zurich, Switzerland March 2, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
ZURICH LafargeHolcim (LHN.S) got off to a promising start in 2017 with sales and profits in the first three months beating forecasts, the Franco-Swiss cement giant said on Wednesday, but failed to allay market concerns over the company's direction while it replaces its chief executive.
Eric Olsen announced last month they were quitting in July after the world's largest cement maker admitted making payments to armed groups to keep its factory running in war-torn Syria.
Olsen, a French-U.S. dual citizen, has denied involvement in or knowledge of the affair and on Wednesday said there had been "some tensions" at the company unconnected to the Syrian inquiry and they thought it was in the best interests of everyone for them to move on.
"It is exactly two years after (my) start date and I am going to be leaving a group in great shape with clear targets in place," Olsen told reporters after pointing to an improving performance in many of LafargeHolcim's markets where the company has increased sales volumes and prices.
But the shares were down 1 percent at 56.80 Swiss francs by 0912 GMT (5.12 a.m. ET).
Kepler Cheuvreux analyst Josep Pujal said the results were not the triumph they appeared to be, with core profit down 11 percent and noting a negative free cash outflow of 836 million francs, compared with an outlfow of 618 million francs in the same period last year, before merger-related costs were taken into account.
The biggest problem lay with Olsen's sudden resignation and concerns for a resulting lack of focus on financial targets, Pujal said.
First-quarter underlying operating profits before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization slipped 4.7 percent to 801 million Swiss francs ($808 million), beating the average of analysts' forecasts of 783 million francs..
Sales fell 7.1 percent to 5.63 billion francs, partly reflecting the sale of businesses including operations in Chile and Vietnam during 2016 and ahead of the average of analysts' forecasts of 5.52 billion francs.
"Our good Q1 performance has got us off to an excellent start for 2017 and marks our fourth consecutive quarter of earnings growth," said Olsen, adding that the results were buoyed by strong trading in March as a pick-up in construction activity in Europe and North America gathered pace.
But the company now faces a leadership gap with their departure of Olsen, who had won over critics initially concerned by their lack of CEO experience, having previously been head of human resources and then operations at Lafarge.
The Zurich-based company, created by a merger of France's Lafarge and Switzerland's Holcim in 2015, has also changed its chairperson and chief financial officer in the last 18 months, while several members of its executive committee are also relatively recent appointments.
"LafargeHolcim now faces a lost 12 months as it looks for a successor, who will need to get to know the business, build up a team, and agree on a new set of medium-term targets," Bernstein analyst Phil Roseberg said.
(Editing by Greg Mahlich)
BRIEF-BB&T increases prime lending rate to 4.25 pct from 4.00 pct
* bb&t corp says it is increasing its prime lending rate to 4.25 percent from 4.00 percent, effective immediately Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Tottenham Hotspur's Harry Kane is set to make a swift return from an ankle injury as manager Mauricio Pochettino expects the prolific striker to be available for selection before the end of the season.
Kane, the Premier League club's leading marksman with 24 goals, sustained the injury during Tottenham's FA Cup win over Millwall this month.
The north London side refused to put a time scale on the 23-year-old's return but media reports had suggested they were set for a lengthy spell on the sidelines.
"He will be fit before the end of the season and we believe they can be available in the near future," Pochettino told reporters on Thursday. "...I cannot provide a time it will take for them to be available again, but I don't think it will be too long."
Pochettino, however, was not as optimistic about defender Danny Rose's recovery from a knee injury. "He is probably a little bit behind Harry Kane, but we are positive. We need to wait to see what happens with the specialist," they said.
Pochettino also said their meeting with Barcelona President Josep Maria Bartomeu last week was a "coincidence" and ruled out ever managing the Spanish champions. They cited their love for their city rivals Espanyol, where they spent over a decade as a player and manager.
"I've known them (Bartomeu) for a long time. We spent five minutes together...and you know, the rumours after are impossible to stop. I love Espanyol and like now Tottenham for me, it would be impossible one day to move to Arsenal."
Tottenham, who are second in the table, 10 points behind leaders Chelsea, will look to extend their three-game winning streak when they travel to face 13th-placed Burnley on Saturday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru; editing by Mark Heinrich)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
DUBAI (Reuters) - The armed Houthi movement and their foes in Yemen's civil war, the Saudi-led coalition, on Saturday gave conflicting accounts of a Houthi attempt to attack shipping in the Red Sea port of al-Mokha.
The Houthi-controlled state news agency SABA said the Houthi navy targeted and hit a warship belonging to the coalition inside the port.
The coalition spokesperson, Colonel Turki al-Malki, said the Houthis attempted to attack al-Mokha port in the early hours of Saturday, using a remote-controlled boat packed with explosives.
"The coalition forces detected the boat three miles off the port, while it was sailing at 39 knots, and was intercepted by the coalition defence and diverted from its initial trajectory," al-Malki said in a statement sent to Reuters.
They did not give further details.
The SABA news agency, quoting a Houthi military source, said: "The Yemeni navy and coastguards targeted one of the warships belonging to the invasion and aggression forces inside al-Mokha port and hit it with precision."
The attack would raise further concerns for shipping in the narrow Bab al-Mandab waterway at the entrance to the Red Sea, a major choke point in the world oil trade.
Incidents are frequent there. Last month, unknown assailants attacked an oil tanker and fired rocket-propelled grenades before breaking off their assault.
Yemen's civil war pits the internationally recognised government, backed by Saudi Arabia and its allies, against the Houthis and forces loyal to the former president Ali Abdullah Saleh.
The war has already killed more than 10,000 and displaced millions, with around 500,000 cholera cases reported in the country since the worst outbreak in decades started in April.
South Korea's Prime Minister and acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn attends a ceremony celebrating the 98th anniversary of the Independence Movement Day in Seoul, South Korea, March 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji
SEOUL South Korea's acting president Hwang Kyo-ahn on Wednesday urged policy consistency in managing the country's high household debt burden, saying that low-income households and entrepreneurs are most at risk to any increases in borrowing costs.
"For household debt to have a soft landing, it's important to give consistent policy signals rather than continue prescribing treatment that varies per situation," said Hwang in opening remarks at a meeting with government and other officials on household debt.
Hwang said greater policy attention is needed to manage debt of low-income households and entrepreneurs who could be at risk should market interest rates rise.
While South Korea's benchmark policy rate is currently at a record low of 1.25 percent, some analysts see the Bank of Korea raising rates as soon as early next year to temper capital outflows as the U.S. Federal Reserve raises rates.
South Korea's household credit grew at its fastest pace in over a decade in the fourth quarter of 2016 as borrowers continued to take advantage of the ultra-low interest rates.
Policymakers and analysts say South Korea's household debt isn't likely to trigger a financial crisis, though there are concerns the situation could turn perilous should interest rates start rising rapidly.
(Reporting by Christine Kim; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesperson said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
Russian President Vladimir Putin speaks during a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia April 27, 2017. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
SOCHI, Russia German Chancellor Angela Merkel, on a rare visit to Russia, said that Berlin and Moscow had to keep talking despite their disagreements, but those same differences overshadowed their talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday.
At a news conference following a meeting in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi, diverging positions were aired over Syria, Ukraine, Russian respect for civil rights, and allegations Moscow is interfering in other countries' elections.
Their body language suggested tensions: their facial expressions as they spoke to reporters were stern, and the two leaders barely looked at each other.
"I am always of the view that even if there are serious differences of opinion in some areas, talks must continue," Merkel said. "You must carry on, because otherwise you fall into silence and there is less and less understanding."
Merkel was making their first bilateral visit to Russia since Moscow annexed Ukraine's Crimea peninsula in 2014, a move that set off the worst confrontation between Moscow and the West since the Cold War.
Since Germany is holder of the rotating presidency of the G20 group of leading nations this year, Merkel has been meeting key members in preparation for a summit.
Asked by a reporter if they feared Germany could be subject to Russian attempts to interfere in its forthcoming parliamentary election by disseminating fake news, Merkel took a firm line.
"I am not an anxious person, I will fight the election on the basis of my convictions," they said, adding Germans would deal decisively with any cases of false information.
But Putin, standing alongside her, bristled at the suggestion Russia had meddled in the U.S. presidential election and that it was planning more of the same in Europe.
Allegations about Russia trying to get Donald Trump elected as U.S. president were "rumours", Putin said, generated as part of internal political battles in the United States.
"We never interfere in the political life and the political processes of other countries and we don't want anybody interfering in our political life and foreign policy processes," said Putin.
UKRAINE'S SHAKY PEACE
On the conflict in eastern Ukraine, where pro-Moscow separatists are fighting Kiev's rule, Putin and Merkel said they agreed on the need for the full implementation of the Minsk agreement, an internationally-brokered peace deal that is now effectively stalled.
Putin however launched into an attack on the pro-Western administration in Kiev, saying it -- and not Russia or its allies -- was forcing the separatist region away from Ukraine. That contradicts Berlin's position.
"The events in eastern Ukraine are the result of a coup d'etat, an unconstitutional change of power in Kiev," Putin said, referring to street protests that forced out Ukraine's previous, Moscow-leaning leader.
Asked by a reporter about a deadly poison gas contamination in the Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun, which Western governments said was a chemical weapons attack by Syrian government forces, Putin said that was unproven.
Touching on a sensitive point for the Russian authorities, Merkel said they had raised concerns with Putin about police breaking up anti-Kremlin protests, as well as other issues that human rights organisations say are a cause for alarm.
Those include reports, denied by the local authorities, that homosexuals are being detained and tortured in the Russian region of Chechnya, and a Supreme Court ruling last month banning the Jehovah's Witnesses religious group as extremist.
“I have in my talks with the Russian president indicated how important the right to demonstrate is in a civil society and how important the role of NGOs is," Merkel said.
"We have heard some very negative reports about the treatment of homosexuals in Chechnya and I asked President Vladimir Putin to use their influence to guarantee minority rights here as well as with Jehovah's witnesses."
Putin denied that Russian police had violated protesters' rights by arresting them, and fired a barb back at their European counterparts.
"Russia's law-enforcement bodies behave in a far more restrained manner than their colleagues in other European countries," Putin said, without specifying which countries they had in mind.
(Additional reporting by Alexander Winning and Dmitry Solovyov in Moscow, and Madeline Chambers in Berlin; Writing by Christian Lowe; Editing by Andrew Osborn)
WeWork CEO says revenue runs at $1 bln a year, no IPO details yet
NEW YORK, June 14 The chief executive of WeWork Cos Inc said on Wednesday the coworking space startup they co-founded is now generating $1 billion a year in revenue at current rates and will launch an initial public offering, but did not say where or when.
FILE PHOTO - A construction worker talks on the phone in front of a 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) billboard at the Tun Razak Exchange development in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, February 3, 2016. REUTERS/Olivia Harris/File Photo
KUALA LUMPUR A $1.7 billion property deal that was expected to ease the debt burden of Malaysian state fund 1Malaysia Development Berhad (1MDB) fell through on Wednesday, complicating Prime Minister Najib Razak's efforts to move on from a financial scandal surrounding the fund.
TRX City Sdn Berhad, a former 1MDB division now owned by the Malaysian finance ministry, said the deal had lapsed to sell 60 percent of Bandar Malaysia, a major property development project on the site of the former Sungai Besi air force base in Kuala Lumpur, because the buyers "failed to meet the payment obligations".
In December 2015 Iskandar Waterfront Holdings, owned by Malaysian tycoon Lim Kang Hoo, and China Railway Engineering Corp (CREC) had said they would buy a 60 percent stake in Bandar Malaysia from 1MDB for 7.41 billion ringgits ($1.7 billion).
The joint venture Iskandar Waterfront and CREC group, IWH CREC Sdn Bhd, said in a statement that TRX City's termination notice and press statement "does not fully and accurately reflect the circumstances and conduct of the parties in this matter."
It said the group was reviewing the contents of the notice and statement with its advisors and legal counsel.
Prime Minister Najib had said at the time that the sale, plus other deals, would mean 1MDB's major challenges were now behind it.
1MDB had racked up more than $11 billion in debt before beginning a restructuring program in 2015. The fund is also the subject of money-laundering investigations in at least six countries.
1MDB has denied any wrongdoing.
"TRX City will immediately be inviting expressions of interest for the role of master developer of Bandar Malaysia, with full ownership being preserved by the Ministry of Finance," the company said in a statement.
TRX City, which the finance ministry took control of last year in the wake of the scandal, said the ministry would remain its sole shareholder.
When the Bandar Malaysia deal was first announced 1MDB said Iskandar Waterfront would hold 60 percent of the venture, buying the 1MDB stake, while China Railway Engineering would hold the rest.
The Bandar Malaysia development will include a hub for a digital free trade zone and a terminal for the high speed rail connecting Kuala Lumpur and Singapore.
Last week, 1MDB agreed to pay $1.2 billion to Abu Dhabi's International Petroleum Investment Co (IPIC) to resolve a debt dispute, a move giving a boost to Najib ahead of elections that could be called later this year.
(Reporting by Praveen Menon and Liz Lee; Editing by Jane Merriman, Greg Mahlich)
No big bets
Caution prevailed across major markets on Wednesday before a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and their Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping this week, although metals and oil prices firmed on hope of better global demand.
here
Appeals court rules for LGBT protections
A U.S. appeals court, for the first time ever, on Tuesday ruled that federal civil rights law protects lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender employees from discrimination in the workplace. In its 8-3 decision, the court bucked decades of rulings that gay people are not protected by the milestone civil rights law, because they are not specifically mentioned in it.
here
Panera makes the sale
JAB Holdings, the owner of Caribou Coffee and Peet's Coffee & Tea, said on Wednesday it would buy U.S. bakery chain Panera Bread Co in a deal valued at about $7.5 billion, including debt, as it expands its coffee and breakfast empire.
here
Commentary: One tank rules them all
War nerds love tanks. The battlefield behemoths drove onto the scene in the early days of World War I, replaced the cavalry and became synonymous with war. This week on the War College podcast, author Steven Zaloga walks through the ins and outs of armored vehicles.
here
Macron gaining in France
Centrist Emmanuel Macron kept their position as favorite to win France's presidential election after a televised debate on Tuesday night in which they clashed sharply with their main rival, Marine Le Pen, over Europe, just 19 days before the election. Macron was seen as having the best political program, according to a snap survey that also placed them as the second most convincing performer in a four-hour debate that involved all 11 candidates.
here
Reuters photo of the day
Hunger in Somalia
here
An internally displaced woman from drought hit area reacts after they complain about the lack of food at makeshift settlement area in Dollow, Somalia April 4, 2017. REUTERS/ Zohra Bensemra
Soccer-De Biasi quits as Albania coach, says their cycle over
TIRANA, June 14 Albania coach Gianni De Biasi resigned on Wednesday after six years in charge during which they led them to Euro 2016, their first and only appearance at a major tournament.
Glasgow Rangers and Portadown will meet at Shamrock Park next month in a pre-season friendly.
Tickets will go on sale on Friday, June 16 for the fixture planned to take place during Saturday, July 22.
Glasgow Rangers' Phil Cowen (left) with Portadown manager Niall Currie at Shamrock Park.
Rangers' Phil Cowen and Portadown manager Niall Currie took time out of the launch to discuss the importance of the fixture to both clubs.
READ MORE: “It is nice to give something back”
Tickets at the cost of £10 (adult) and £5 (concession) from the following initial outlets: Wright's Filling Station, Laurelvale Post Office, Village Inn (Markethill), JD Tipler's, Gary's Bar, Portadown Carpet Centre, Ye Olde House Bar (Richhill).
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
ISLAMABAD May 3 Pakistan's central bank appointed a new acting governor on Wednesday after the government declined to re-appoint the current governor, the bank said in a statement.
Riaz Riazuddin, the deputy governor of the State Bank of Pakistan, will take over as acting governor from Ashraf Wathra, the bank statement said. Wathra has been governor for the past three years.
No official reason has been given for the decision not to re-appoint Wathra.
Riazuddin's three-month appointment is effective immediately, the central bank said. It is now looking for a permanent replacement for Wathra.
(Reporting by Saad Sayeed)
May 3 Xpo Logistics Inc
* Reg-Xpo Logistics announces first quarter 2017 results
* Q1 adjusted non-gaap earnings per share $0.30 excluding items
* Q1 earnings per share $0.16
* Q1 revenue $3.54 billion versus i/b/e/s view $3.56 billion
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.15 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Xpo logistics inc- reaffirmed its full year targets for adjusted ebitda of at least $1.35 billion for 2017 and at least $1.575 billion for 2018
* Xpo Logistics Inc- reaffirmed its 2017-2018 cumulative free cash flow target of approximately $900 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Related Coverage Suspect identified in North Augusta bank robbery
(WJBF) – The FBI needs your help finding a man they say is responsible for robbing a bank in North Augusta earlier this month.
They say Frank Douglas walked into South State Bank on Georgia Avenue, on November 27th and allegedly demanded an undisclosed amount of money.
He's also wanted in connection with armed robberies in Conyers and Athens, Georgia.
Douglas is considered armed and dangerous – and known to stay at budget hotels under different names.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Dr.Reddy's Laboratories Ltd:
* SAYS ANNOUNCEMENT OF LAUNCH OF TETRABENAZINE TABLETS IN U.S. MARKET Source text - bit.ly/2GH4t5d Further company coverage:
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Exuding power and poise, actor Naturi Naughton, shines in an intimate interview exclusive, discussing their most powerful role yet — motherhood.
SM_JulyAugust17_ShadesofBlack COVER 6-14-2017 #3
End
-- Media ContactSammi Haynes, Editor-In-ChiefSammi.haynes@sheenmagazine.com(864) 862-6782www.sheenmagazine.comJackie Bush, Public RelationsPR@sheenmagazine.com(213) 924-9204Celebrating melanin in every radiant hue with a conglomerate of successful black-owned brands, beauty, and business persons, SHEEN MAGAZINE pays homage to African American culture in the "Shades of Black" issue. The July/August 2017 issue brings readers inside the unparalleled innovation and creative genius of some of the hottest black-owned brands, entertainers, and entrepreneurs.From cultural appropriation in fashion, down to the best beauty products for a perfect complexion, The Ultimate Beauty Guide declares liberation and an exuberant celebration of the mere evidence that there is beauty in every shade.In the glossy issue, Power Actress, Naturi Naughton discusses walking in their newfound sense of power as a mother to be, and the new season of hit show, Power. In the introspective interview, Naturi Naughton weighs in on how they were able to continue to thrive after past discords, from being exiled from 3LW to the backlash they received from Lil' Kim after they portrayed them in Notorious.Nas' daughter, Destiny Jones, talks about their lip gloss line, Lipmatic, that pays homage to their dad's classic album Stillmatic. Essence Akins shares their coveted beauty secrets in beauty spotlight, and they open up about their role in the NBC show Marlon.The Cut Life's Tahira Joy talks creating the most influential platform for short hair and the hottest cuts for the summer. Just in time for midsummer, SHEEN educates readers on how to use one of this season's hottest beauty trends such as our watermelon toner and citrus bath bombs DIYs. From highlighting trendy summer swimsuits in the neutral zone, down to getting killer Olympic abs this summer, we've got you covered.Our featured double-cover glamazon, Draya Michele, talks things they and their fiancé, Orlando Scandrick, do as a couple, upcoming wedding nuptials, how social media has influenced their business and their biggest challenge in becoming an entrepreneur.Insecure star Yvonne Orji talks the new season, their spirituality and the strength in being black, while Greenleaf star Tye White describes their perfect summer date, summer activities and gets candid about the Black Lives Matter movement.SHEEN MAGAZINE's July/August exclusive 2017 The Shades of Black Issue hits stands on June 27, 2017.Sheen Magazine is The Ultimate Beauty Guide for the modern day woman. The southern national lifestyle and beauty publication is the preeminent voice for the American beauty on new trends, techniques, and products. Sheen Magazine is a national and international distributed publication. Published bi-monthly, Sheen Magazine maintains its influence by always remaining current on what is happening and what is to come with beauty, fashion, hair, and entertainment. The publication seeks to cultivate, educate, and motivate its readers to their personal level of success and excellence. The Ultimate Beauty Guide and can be purchased nationally at Target, Wal-Mart, Walgreens, Books-A-Million, and Barnes & Noble.Visit us online at SheenMagazine.com and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram @sheenmagazine.
MUMBAI, Aug 12 (Reuters) - Indian telecoms carrier Reliance Communications (RCom) posted its third straight quarterly loss on Saturday as its heavy debt load and a price war triggered by an upstart rival continued to weigh on sales and profit.
RCom, controlled by billionaire Anil Ambani, has won a reprieve on its debt until the end of the year as it works on two asset sale deals that it expects will reduce its $7 billion debt by about 60 percent.
On Saturday, it reported a net loss of 12.21 billion Indian rupees ($190.38 million) for its fiscal first quarter ended June, against a profit of 540 million rupees a year earlier.
Revenue from operations fell 33.6 percent year-on-year to 34.94 billion rupees, while finance costs rose to 9.98 billion rupees.
The company's continued losses are, in part, a result of competition from free voice and cut-price data plans offered by Reliance Jio Infocomm, the telecom startup backed by Ambani's elder brother Mukesh.
Jio has upended India's uber-competitive telecom sector, forcing all incumbents to drop prices despite falling margins and profits.
But RCom's struggle with its debt load and little success with its initial bet on a network based on CDMA technology have also led to its current financial situation.
RCom, whose mobile phone unit is India's seventh-ranked carrier with 82.3 million customers as of end-May, is awaiting regulatory approval for a merger of the unit with rival Aircel. It has also agreed a deal with Canada's Brookfield to sell a stake in its mobile masts business.
The company has previously said it expected the transactions to close by September.
Worries over the company's ability to repay debt have led to a series of downgrades by ratings agencies and the company's stock has plummeted 39 percent so far this year compared with an 18 percent rise of a broader Mumbai market. ($1 = 64.1350 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal, editing by David Evans)
LONDON Shares of London Stock Exchange Group (LSE.L) shares rose as much as 3.6 percent in a spike in volumes in the minutes following the EU's decision to block its merger with Deutsche Boerse (DB1Gn.DE) with traders citing talk that a possible counteroffer from a U.S.-based exchange may emerge.
EU antitrust regulators vetoed the proposed 29 billion euro ($31.28 billion)merger between Deutsche Boerse and the LSE saying the combination would have created a de facto monopoly in the markets for clearing fixed income securities.
The risk that regulators block the deal rose significantly after the LSE decline to sell its MTS Italian trading platform which would have allayed concerns.
In a statement following the EU decision, the LSE said its proposed sale of LCH SA to Euronext N.V. will also be terminated and the company would initiate a 200 million pound share buyback.
LSE shares were last off their highs but still up more than 2 percent. Euronext shares were up 0.6 percent to a day high while Deutsche Boerse shares were up 0.4 percent.
(Reporting by Alasdair Pal, Editing by Vikram Subhedar)
Ten nuisance vehicles have been removed from Arundel Road, Luton after several complaints were made by local business owners. On Friday, June 29, a joint enforcement operation, involving Luton Council and Bedfordshire Police, took place to remove abandoned or unlicensed cars left along the road, which is an industrial area with a large number of car trade businesses. Some of the businesses had been using the road as an extension of their premises to store cars, vans and trucks in various states of repair.
These vehicles have been blocking the pavement, obscuring parking restrictions and markings and many have their number plates removed or taped over.
Ten vehicles were taken in total, three tickets were issued by parking enforcement and street cleansing cleared waste, litter picked and road swept. Once the vehicles were removed, highways were able to complete some repairs to the footpath and kerbs.
Cllr Aslam Khan said “This is part of a wider multi-agency approach to problem areas across the town and involves the police, parking enforcement, environmental enforcement, street cleansing, planning enforcement and the neighbourhood enforcement team.
“Local businesses have been extremely supportive of the team carrying out the seizures. They were praised both by those businesses affected by the issue, and passing members of the public who use Arundel Road to move between the surrounding residential areas.
“Taking pride in the town is something we want everyone in Luton to do and this action shows how serious we are about keeping Luton safe and tidy.”
Brazil's Itau forms credit intelligence venture with four other banks
São Paulo, June 14 Itaú Unibanco Holding SA , Brazil's largest lender by market value, said on Wednesday it had formed a credit intelligence venture with Banco Bradesco SA, Banco Santander, Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Principal Financial Group Inc:
* PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL - RECEIVED NOTICE OF UNSOLICITED “MINI-TENDER” OFFER BY BAKER MILLS LLC TO BUY UP TO 50,000 SHARES OF CO‘S STOCK AT $67.20/SHARE
* PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL GROUP SAYS IT "DOES NOT ENDORSE BAKER MILLS' UNSOLICITED MINI-TENDER OFFER" - SEC FILING Source text: (bit.ly/2s3nDyP) Further company coverage:
SAN FRANCISCO May 3 Uber Technologies Inc goes before a U.S. judge on Wednesday to fight for the right to continue work on its self-driving car program, the latest phase in a courtroom battle over trade secrets that threatens to topple a central pillar of Uber's growth strategy.
The ride-services company is contesting a lawsuit by Alphabet Inc's self-driving car unit, Waymo, which accused former Waymo engineer and current Uber executive Anthony Levandowski of taking technical secrets from Waymo and using them to help Uber's self-driving car development.
If it were proven that Levandowski and Uber conspired in taking the information, that could have dire consequences for Uber, say legal and ride-hailing industry experts. Uber's $68 billion valuation is propped up in part by investors' belief it will be a dominant player in the emerging business of self-driving cars.
At issue on Wednesday is Waymo's demand that U.S. District Court Judge William Alsup in San Francisco issue an injunction barring Uber from using any of the technology that Waymo said was stolen. If Alsup issues a broadly worded order against Uber, it could all but shut down Uber's self-driving car program while court proceedings continue.
Alsup is not expected to rule immediately on Wednesday, but they may intimate which way they are leaning. At a hearing last month, Alsup warned Uber that it may face an injunction, saying of the evidence amassed by Waymo: "I've never seen a record this strong in 42 years."
Uber Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick has said that autonomous vehicles, though still in their infancy, are critical to the company's long-term success and future growth.
Indeed, autonomous cars promise to change the economics of the ride-hailing business. Among Uber's biggest expenses is the cost of attracting drivers, who have a high turnover rate. And Uber's ability to expand into suburban and rural markets, and areas with low vehicle ownership, and continue to offer a ride within three minutes, largely hinges on the availability of a network of self-driving vehicles.
"This is central to Uber," said Arun Sundararajan, a professor at New York University and author of the book "The Sharing Economy," noting that Uber has more at stake than some of its rivals.
"If Google can't launch their self-driving car for 10 years instead of five, this will be a little blip in Google's multibillion-dollar revenue. Uber is the one that really depends on it."
Uber has faced a string of setbacks in recent months, including allegations of sexual harassment from a former employee and the public release of a video of Kalanick berating an Uber driver. The company, though still growing strongly, is losing hundreds of millions of dollars a quarter, according to information the company released last month.
"Any big setback here would likely hit its valuation hard," said Jan Dawson, an Uber analyst with Jackdaw Research. A blanket ban on Uber's autonomous efforts "would certainly stall its efforts for a while and put it even further behind Waymo and others."
Uber has self-driving tests underway in Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Arizona. It started work on the technology six years after Google began.
Other industry watchers say that Uber, which has deep pockets and other value propositions such as huge swaths of traffic and rider data, could ride out a negative ruling in the Waymo case.
The Waymo lawsuit, filed in February, revolves around a laser-based technology called Lidar that allows cars to "see" their surroundings and detect the location of other cars and pedestrians.
Waymo said Levandowski, who until last week was head of Uber's self-driving car program, stole more than 14,000 confidential documents before leaving their job at Waymo in January 2016. They formed a self-driving truck startup, Otto, which Uber bought in August for $680 million.
Uber has said Waymo's claims are false, and in a court filing called the preliminary injunction motion "a misfire." Uber has not denied Levandowski took files from Waymo, but said it never possessed any of the confidential information that Waymo accused Levandowski of stealing.
Levandowski themselves has invoked their constitutional right against self-incrimination because of the possibility of a future criminal probe. And last week, Levandowski said in an email to Uber employees they would stay at Uber but was stepping down from their work on Lidar.
"You're left to assume the worst," said Elizabeth Rowe, an intellectual property professor at University of Florida Levin College of Law.
In a deposition of Levandowski last month, attorneys for Waymo also probed Levandowski about Kalanick, whether the CEO encouraged them to take Waymo's confidential material, according to a court transcript. Levandowski invoked the Fifth Amendment.
A spokesperson for Uber declined to comment on the deposition. (Reporting by Heather Somerville and Dan Levine in San Francisco.; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Grant McCool)
Football Soccer - Premier League - Watford vs Liverpool - Watford, Britain - August 12, 2017 Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp applauds the fans at the end of the match Action Images via Reuters/Andrew Couldridge
(Reuters) - Liverpool manager Juergen Klopp said on Saturday they have no control over whether Philippe Coutinho will stay at the club or move to Barcelona.
Coutinho emailed a transfer request to the club on Friday after Liverpool's owners, Fenway Sports Group, issued a strongly worded statement saying the midfielder would not be sold in the transfer window.
Barcelona have had two bids rejected by Liverpool for Coutinho, who is keen to move to Spain, according to British media reports.
Coutinho missed Liverpool's 3-3 draw with Watford on Saturday.
Asked about the Brazilian's situation, Klopp said: "As a manager of a football club, I have bosses that decide, for example, just in general, if we sell a player or we don't sell him. Then I have to accept it.
"If they don't sell him, then I am not involved any more. I'm responsible for all of our players, not just one or two or three, but all of them.
"I can't say anything about it, the only thing is I work with the players I have. That's what I'm always doing."
The German said they did not think Coutinho's transfer request changes their situation.
"I don't think (it changes anything). It was pretty clear what the club said about it. That's all," they said.
"You have to ask the club. I don't make the decision. I didn't see the club insiders today. You have to ask them."
Asked if Coutinho had let down their teammates with their request, Klopp said: "I am not part of the discussion with the group."
Klopp has already said that Coutinho will not be fit for Liverpool's Champions League qualifier in Hoffenheim on Tuesday.
A Leeds-based Hip Hop act is bringing their rapping and production talents to Harrogate in a unique music event in Harrogate.
Since they released their first mixtape, Abstract Views, in 2013, Lence has evolved into one of the North's most progressive rappers.
Their headlining appearance at 'Harrogate does Hip Hop' in Harrogate's North Bar's upstairs room on Friday, June 15 will be preceded by a selection of some of the greatest moments from hip hop history.
Inspired by the likes of Wu-Tang Clan, this event is presented at the North Bar by the town's longest-established music night Charm on Friday, June 15.
The fiercely intelligent musican and producer Lence is a former Harrogate resident and it will be a bit of a homecoming gig.
Known for their hard-hitting beats and atmospheric videos filmed in the dead of night in the heart of urban Leeds, Lence has won acclaim for their forward-thinking lyrics and sophisticated musical backdrops – like Wu Tang-Clan meets Massive Attack with a splash of Eminem.
Lence said: “I really want to connect with the listener through passion and emotion.
“My new track The Portal follows on from my last release The Brink. For The Brink I had a clear picture in my mind of what I wanted the video to look like and I made sure the lyrics fitted it.
“I wanted The Portal to represent a new level of progression. In order to have full control I direcrted the filming myself while my usual director Imran Naushad edited the footage.
“The beats were made by a producer I've been working with recently called Minos.”
Audiences can all expect classic recorded tracks from the likes of Jay-Z, Wu-Tang Clan, Grandmaster Flash, Kendrick Lamar, Public Enemy, Kanye West, A Tribe Called Quest and Run DMC.
Tickets are available now from Harrogate Theatre in person or online.
April 28 Hastings Group Holdings Plc
* Q1 live customer policies increased to 2.42 million as at 31 March 2017, a 14 pct year on year increase
* Q1 gross written premiums up 26 pct to 214.7 mln stg for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Q1 market share of UK private car insurance (1) up to 6.7 pct as at 31 March 2017 (6.0 pct as at 31 March 2016)
* Q1 net revenue increased by 24 pct to 164.5 mln stg for three months ended 31 March 2017 (three months ended 31 March 2016: 132.7 mln stg)
* We look forward with confidence in our ability to deliver against our targets- CEO
* Confirms that Hastings is well positioned to continue its profitable growth, and deliver against targets set
* Recent ogden rate change has increased premiums across market Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 806 749 1136)
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
MIDEAST STOCKS-Gulf falls as oil drops; banks soft despite rate rises
DUBAI, June 15 A tumble in crude oil prices to November lows put pressure on Gulf stock markets on Thursday morning, while banking shares reacted little to interest rate hikes in the region following the U.S. Federal Reserve's move overnight. Riyadh's stock index was down 0.3 percent after half an hour after Brent crude dipped below $47 a barrel; half of the 14 listed petrochemical producers fell, with PetroRabigh down 0.9 percent.
A snowy wallaby from the Great Lake Hotel is becoming famous for the cold on Facebook.
A snowy wallaby from the Great Lake Hotel is becoming famous for the cold on Facebook.
SOME part of Queensland might have felt as cold as Tasmania this morning - until you see this photo of a snow wallaby outside a lakeside hotel.
Roma and Oakey had minimums of around 0 degrees while Stanthorpe was minus 1, along with Warwick.
Even after 9am, Stanthorpe had only climbed to 7.5 degrees, while Oakey was only 11 at 9.40am.
Toowoomba residents woke this morning to the coldest morning the city has experienced since August 2016.
Bureau of Meteorology forecaster Adam Blazak said the mercury reached a low of 2.1 degrees.
"That was at the (Toowoomba) airport," they said. "The last time it got that cold was August 2016."
Mr Blazak said the temperature probably felt several degrees colder than it actually was.
Ipswich was super cool at 1 degrees early on, according to Higgins Storm Chasing, while Beaudesert was 2, Gympie was 7 and the Sunshine Coast 6.
Brisbane was slightly warmed on 8, while the Gold Coast hovered around 9 degrees.
Kingaroy was 2, along with Charleville.
Higgins reported that Glen Innes in the northern tablelands of NSW was colder than the Alps and the coldest in Australia with -6.7.
In its official forecast, the Bureau of Meteorology said a high pressure system over southern Australia will shift slowly east over southeastern Australia over the next few days.
"It will combine with a deep low in the Tasman Sea to direct a cool, dry air mass into Queensland, with morning frosts and sunny days across most of the state."
The forecast for the rest of the day is fine and sunny elsewhere for most of the state.
The bureau said areas of frost were becoming extensive over southern and eastern inland, south of Emerald and east of Charleville.
Brisbane is facing its coldest start to winter in 12 years. File picture: Mark Calleja
The Courier-Mail reported that in Amberley, the temperature hit a near freezing 2C at 6am while it dipped to a brisk 7.2C at the Sunshine Coast airport.
The minimum temperature in Brisbane is expected to drop to only 9C tomorrow, making it the coldest start to winter since 2006.
Patches of light frost are also expected tomorrow in the city's west and the Gold Coast Hinterland in the early morning.
It will be mostly sunny in the southeast today, with the mercury forecast to reach a top of 23C in Brisbane and 22C at Surfers Paradise.
Meanwhile, the above picture of a snowy wallaby from the Great Lake Hotel over the Central Highlands of Tasmania is going viral on Facebook.
April 20 People's United Financial Inc
* People's United Financial reports first quarter net income of $70.8 million, or $0.22 per common share, and announces common dividend increase
* Q1 non-GAAP operating earnings per share $0.22
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.22 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* People's United Financial Inc - board of directors voted to increase common stock dividend to an annual rate of $0.69 per share
* People's United Financial Inc - quarterly dividend of $0.1725 per share is payable May 15
* People's United Financial Inc - net interest income totaled $248.6 million in 1Q17 compared to $246.8 million in 4Q16. Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
iBook charts for week ending April 22, 2018: (Rank, Book Title by Author Name, ISBN, Publisher :
iBooks US Bestseller List - Paid Books
1. A Higher Loyalty by James Comey - 9781250192462 - (Flatiron Books)
2. The Fallen by David Baldacci - 9781538761373 - (Grand Central Publishing)
Advertisement
3. The Silent Corner by Dean Koontz - 9780345546784 - (Random House Publishing Group)
4. Astrophysics for People in a Hurry by Neil de Grasse Tyson - 9780393609400 - (W. W. Norton & Company)
5. Come As You Are by Lauren Blakely - No ISBN Available - (Lauren Blakely Books)
6. After Anna by Lisa Scottoline - 9781250099679 - (St. Martin's Press)
7. Then They Are Gone by Lisa Jewell - 9781501154669 - (Atria Books)
8. I've Got My Eyes on You by Mary Higgins Clark - 9781501171697 - (Simon & Schuster)
9. Just One Look by Harlan Coben - 9781101146644 - (Penguin Publishing Group)
10. Here's to Us by Elin Hilderbrand - 9780316375153 - (Little, Brown and Company)
(copyright) 2018 Apple Inc.
____
Eating almonds may help cut the risk of heart disease. A study suggested that downing a handful every day may help boost levels of (HDL) cholesterol while improving the way it removes cholesterol from the body.
Researchers compared the levels and function of HDL cholesterol (high-density lipoprotein) in people who ate almonds every day, to the levels and function of the same group of people when they ate a muffin instead, UPI reported.
The findings showed that while the participants were on the almond diet, their HDL levels improved.
Professor Penny Kris-Etherton, of Penn State University in the US, said that while almonds will not eliminate the risk of heart disease, they may be a smart choice for a healthy snack.
They said that in addition to their heart-healthy benefits, almonds also provide a dose of good fats, vitamin E and fiber.
Etherton said, “If people incorporate almonds into their diet, they should expect multiple benefits, including ones that can improve heart health.
“They're not a cure-all, but when eaten in moderation, and especially when eaten instead of food of lower nutritional value, they're a great addition to an already healthy diet.
There's a lot of research out there that shows a diet that includes almonds lowers low-density lipoprotein, or LDL cholesterol, which is a major risk factor for heart disease.
Etherton added, “But not as much was known about how almonds affect HDL cholesterol, which is considered good cholesterol and helps lower your risk of heart disease.”
The researchers wanted to see if almonds could not just increase the levels but also improve the function of HDL cholesterol, which works by gathering cholesterol from tissues, such as the arteries, and helping to transport it out of the body.
They said, “HDL is very small when it gets released into circulation. It's like a garbage bag that slowly gets bigger and more spherical as it gathers cholesterol from cells and tissues before depositing them in the liver to be broken down.
“We showed that there were larger particles in response to consuming the almonds compared to not consuming almonds.
“That would translate to the smaller particles doing what they're supposed to be doing.
“They are going to tissues and pulling out cholesterol, getting bigger, and taking that cholesterol to the liver for removal from the body.” The findings were published in the Journal of Nutrition.
(Updates to close)
April 12 Australian shares ended little changed on Wednesday as gains in financial stocks outweighed a sell-off in some telecom companies.
Investors were also averse to making fresh bets amid rising geopolitical risks in the Middle East and North Asia.
The S&P/ASX 200 index closed up 0.1 percent, or 4.726 points, at 5,934.
Financials recouped early losses to end 0.4 percent higher. The "Big Four" banks gained between 0.2 percent to 1 percent.
But shares of Telstra Corp dropped as much as 8.6 percent at one point to their lowest level since 2012, after rival TPG Telecom Ltd won an auction for mobile phone airspace that will pave the way for the firm to bring services to 80 percent of the population.
Telstra was not allowed to bid in the government auction because of its dominant market position. TPG stocks were suspended ahead of the announcement and will not resume trading until April 18.
Stocks were also under pressure from rising geopolitical tensions over U.S. relations with Russia and North Korea, sending investors to safer assets. Gold hit a five-month high.
Newcrest Mining rose 1.6 percent and St. Barbara Ltd climbed 1.4 percent, both hitting their highest close since November 9, 2016.
BHP Billiton dismissed a wide-ranging proposal by shareholder Elliott Advisors to overhaul its corporate strategy and sell off oil interests, saying the measures would not benefit the firm.
The response offered no counterproposal and instead defended the miner's longstanding strategy.
BHP shares slipped 0.4 percent.
New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index fell a marginal 2.84 points to finish the session at 7,251.54.
Materials and healthcare stocks led the losses.
Fletcher Building lost 2.6 percent, while medical devices maker Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corp dropped 0.7 percent. (Reporting by Christina Martin in Bengaluru; Editing by Kim Coghill)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CBIZ Inc:
* CBIZ ACQUIRES LAURUS TRANSACTION ADVISORS LLC
* CBIZ INC SAYS LAURUS TRANSACTION ADVISORS, L.L.C. WILL BE COMBINED WITH CBIZ‘S CURRENT TRANSACTION ADVISORY SERVICES GROUP Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
14 August, Kathmandu: The Nepali Army has so far safely rescued 5,600 people trapped in the natural disaster that struck various parts of the country, following incessant rainfall.
Of them, 4,500 were rescued onsite by land while 1,500 were rescued by air, according to the NA Directorate of Public Relations. The NA has mobilized five helicopters that are continuously involved in reaching necessary rescue materials and relief support to the affected in coordination with the local administration.
Around 7,500 army personnel have been mobilized in the various flood-affected areas across the country, the DPR said. RSS
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
“The past is never dead. In fact, it's not even past.” So wrote the great Southern author William Faulkner. I was reminded of their quote as I watched the horrific racist violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, perpetrated by white supremacists and neo-Nazis of the “alt-right” espousing ideas that some mistakenly thought had been consigned to the dustbin of history.
This violence particularly upset me because I studied history as an undergraduate at the University of Virginia, where white supremacists just marched with torches. I called Charlottesville home for five years and once walked the street where a neo-Nazi terrorist from Ohio mowed down 10 pedestrians, killing one.
The alt-right descended upon Charlottesville over the weekend to protest the removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee, the Confederate Civil War General who fought for the rights of slave-owners. In retrospect, it is hardly surprising that the removal of the Lee statue provoked those who want the US to be what it was for most of its history: a place where whites openly dominate.
The symbols of America's history have become controversial in recent years as communities have sought to distance themselves from their racist pasts. South Carolina removed the Confederate flag from its statehouse in 2015 after white supremacist Dylan Roof murdered nine people at an African-American church. That same year, someone spray-painted “Black Lives Matter” on the Lee statue in Charlottesville. In addition to highlighting the unjust police killings of African Americans, the Black Lives Matter movement called attention to the symbols of racial supremacy. Earlier this year, the Charlottesville City Council decided to remove the statue.
There is little doubt that the Lee statue was intended as a monument to white supremacy. It was erected in 1924, nearly 60 years after the Civil War ended with Lee's surrender at Appomattox, just over 60 miles south of Charlottesville. In the 1920s, African Americans in Virginia and across the US suffered discrimination, segregation, disenfranchisement, and the terror of lynching. Jim Crow was the context in which this Confederate general was celebrated.
Primary goal
Historical symbols clearly matter, but I wonder whether their removal should be anti-racists' primary goal. For one thing, when do you stop? I don't remember noticing the Lee statue when I lived in Charlottesville. But memorials to Thomas Jefferson can hardly be missed. The author of the Declaration of Independence and third president of the United States founded the University of Virginia and lived in nearby Monticello. Jefferson was also a slave-owner who tried to prove scientifically the inferiority of people of African descent and who fathered children with their slave, Sally Hemmings. Racism is so deeply ingrained in America's past that it is impossible to excise it from its landscape.
As a historian, I am uncomfortable with the removal of historical symbols. Better to add a plaque to the Lee statue stating that the city no longer endorses the racist values of Lee, the Confederacy, or those who erected the statue to their memory during Jim Crow. Removing symbols like the Lee statue can falsely suggest that racism is really past. Leaving them standing while disavowing the values of their erectors would help ensure the past cannot be forgotten.
Anti-racists should focus less on racism's historical symbols and more on its present-day manifestations in American social and political life. My most disturbing memory from the year I taught in a Charlottesville secondary school is of a young African-American teenager who frequently cursed at me. Eventually, a fellow teacher told me that the girl was upset because their father had recently hanged themselves in prison. Racism and inequality structure daily life in Charlottesville and in America as a whole. Correcting them will take a great deal more than removing a statue or simply standing up to white supremacists.
Pressing issue
Nevertheless, the most pressing issue today is the empowerment of the alt-right by Donald Trump and the Republican Party that supports him. It is hardly surprising that Trump declined to immediately condemn white supremacists specifically for the terror in Charlottesville, condemning instead “violence on all sides”. Trump has emboldened the alt-right by openly courting their support through their racist rhetoric and policies and by appointing one of their heroes, Steve Bannon, as their chief political adviser.
The violence in Charlottesville was shocking and disturbing, but it should not have surprised anyone who has been paying attention. After Trump's election, a demonstration of violence by white supremacists was almost inevitable. If it hadn't occurred in Charlottesville, it would have somewhere else. And it will probably happen again before too long.
Racism in America today is very much alive. While understanding its history is vital, removing symbols of racism's not-even-past hardly begins to address the present danger of the alt-right and its enablers.
Daniel Geary is Mark Pigott Associate Professor in American History at TCD
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
HOUSTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - U.S. oil producer Chevron Corp said on Friday its quarterly profit jumped more than seven-fold due to cost cuts and rising crude prices.
The company posted fourth-quarter net income of $3.1 billion, or $1.64 per share, compared to $415 mnillion, or 22 cents per share, in the year-ago quarter.
Chevron saw a $2 billion non-cash benefit related to the recent U.S. tax overhaul. Production rose 3 percent to 2.7 million barrels of oil equivalent per day.
Mike Wirth became Chevron's chairperson and chief executive on Thursday, replacing the retiring John Watson. (Reporting by Ernest Scheyder Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
April 6 Yunnan Hongxiang Yixintang Pharmaceutical Co Ltd :
* Says it will pay cash dividend of 2 yuan per 10 shares (before tax) to shareholders of record on April 12, for FY 2016
* The company's shares will be traded ex-dividend on April 13 and the dividend will be paid on April 13
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/yiOy08
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
China freezes green car licences amid ongoing quality issues
BEIJING, June 15 China has put approvals for new electric vehicle ventures on hold until next year, three people familiar with the matter told Reuters, as quality issues continue to dog the world's largest market for green cars.
Western Digital expects ruling on injunction request by mid-July -source
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp expects a ruling on its request for a court injunction to stop the sale of Toshiba Corp's chip unit by mid-July, a source familiar with the situation said on Thursday. The California-based firm presented a revised offer for the chip unit that met Toshiba's requests on Wednesday but did not receive a positive response, a separate source said.
Tennis-Pliskova pulls out of Birmingham due to elbow injury
LONDON, June 14 World number three Karolina Pliskova has withdrawn from next week's Aegon Classic grasscourt event in Birmingham to rest an injured elbow ahead of Wimbledon, they said on Wednesday.
Norway's new home sales down 9 pct yr/yr in May
OSLO, June 15 The sale of new Norwegian homes fell by 9 percent year-on-year in May while housing starts fell by 5 percent, the Norwegian Home Builders' Association (NHBA) said on Thursday.
MEXICO CITY, April 6 Mexico has extended until October a 15 percent tariff on 97 separate steel products imported from countries with which it does not share a free trade agreement, including China, the official government gazette said on Thursday.
The tariff was first raised in 2015 to protect local producers, but has since been extended three times. Mexico's Economy Ministry said in the gazette that a continued global steel glut had necessitated extension of the tariff.
Local steel industry representatives had asked for the tariff to be extended to protect against cheap Chinese imports.
(Reporting by Ana Isabel Martinez; Editing by Toni Reinhold)
UPDATE 1-WS Atkins's strong profits seen smoothing takeover completion
June 15 British engineering and design consultancy WS Atkins reported its fastest growth in annual profit in at least a decade on Thursday, which could help smooth completion of its takeover by Canadian rival SNC-Lavalin Group.
(Corrects net debt as percentage of GDP to 47.4 pct from 2.34 pct in last paragraph)
BRASILIA, March 31 Brazil posted a primary budget deficit of 23.5 billion reais ($7.50 billion) in February, central bank data showed on Friday, above market expectations for a gap of 19 billion reais as a slow recovery weighs on the government's public accounts.
The country recorded an overall budget deficit, which includes debt interest payments, of 54 billion reais in February.
Disappointing tax intake stemming from a painfully slow economic recovery has undermined President Michel Temer's efforts to reduce a ballooning budget deficit that cost Brazil its coveted investment-grade rating in 2015.
Earlier this week, Temer announced an aggressive spending freeze to meet its primary deficit target of 139 billion reais. Their center-right government resisted pressure to hike taxes further and is instead relaying on the spending freeze and one-off revenue to rebalance its accounts.
The government said the hefty deficit in February was also due to the transfer of federal taxes to states and municipalities as well as an increase in pension benefits.
Net debt as a percentage of GDP stood at 47.4 percent February. Gross debt increased to 70.6 percent of GDP from 69.7 percent the previous month. ($1 = 3.1324 Brazilian reais) (Reporting by Marcela Ayres; Writing by Alonso Soto; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Bill Trott)
April 6 Gulf Keystone Petroleum Ltd:
* Fy revenue at $194.4 million versus $86.2 million year ago
* Fy loss after tax of $17.4 million versus $214 million year ago
* Fy operating costs per barrel on a gross field basis reduced to $3.5/bbl from $5/bbl in 2015
* Cash balance at 5 april 2017 of $112.7 million against $100 million of debt
* Operations in the Kurdistan region remained safe and secure throughout 2016
* 2016 gross production of 12.7 million barrels of oil, up 14 percent on 2015, an average of 34,794 bopd
* Shaikan production for Q1 2017 averaged 36,293 bopd
* Current daily production is at c.38,000 bopd
* Says gross production guidance for 2017 is set at 32,000-38,000 bopd
* Says without further investment in the field beyond maintenance capital, expect production levels to be at lower-end of 2017 guidance range
* Progressing in ongoing talks with mnr on commercial,contractual conditions,particularly around regular payments conforming to psc,crude marketing arrangements
* Funded for estimated capex of $58-68 million for the 40,000 bopd stabilisation case and a further $25-45 million for the increase to 55,000 bopd Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Bengaluru Newsroom: +91 80 6749 1136)
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
Eight in 10 middle-aged people either weigh too much or don't exercise enough, according to a new study which shows modern life is taking its toll on health.
Obesity in adults has increased 16 percent in the last 20 years, according to data from Public Health England.
Other health problems have followed with diabetes in this age group also doubling in this period. Obese adults are more than five times more likely to develop Type 2 diabetes than those who are a healthy weight (a body mass index between 18.5 and 25).
Promoting the health body's ‘One You' campaign, the research shows that 87 percent of men and 79 percent of women aged between 40 and 60 are either overweight or obese, exceed the Chief Medical Officer's (CMO) guidelines, or are physically inactive.
People are being urged to take a moment to consider their health and the simple steps they can take to improve it in the run up to the New Year, by taking the ‘One You' online quiz at http://www.nhs.uk/oneyou/how-are-you.
The quiz, called ‘How Are You', takes your lifestyle information, gives you a health score and then links to free localized, personalisable information, apps and tools.
More than 1.1 million people have taken the quiz so far and where appropriate, been directed to download apps like Couch to 5K and Easy Meals.
These sit alongside PHE's other online tools like the Heart Age tool which gives you your ‘heart age' based on your age and lifestyle.
Professor Sir Muir Gray, clinical adviser for the ‘One You' campaign, said: “The demands of modern day living are taking their toll on the health of the nation, and it's those in middle age that are suffering the consequences most, as their health reaches worrying new levels.
“Over 15 million Britons are living with a long-term health condition, and busy lives and desk jobs make it difficult to live healthily. But just making a few small changes will have significant benefits to people's health now and in later life.”
CAIRO Islamic State was responsible for two church bombings in Egypt on Sunday that killed at least 36 and injured over 100, the group's news agency Amaq said.
"A group that belongs to Islamic State carried out the two attacks on the churches in the cities of Tanta and Alexandria," Amaq said.
(Reporting by Ahmed Tolba; Writing by Eric Knecht; Editing by Larry King)
A scuba diver is surrounded by schools of Silversides in the Devil's Grotto area near George Town, Cayman Islands, August 7, 2017. Each year, for only a few weeks, these schools form massive pulsating clouds in the caves, tunnels and swim-throughs,...more
A scuba diver is surrounded by schools of Silversides in the Devil's Grotto area near George Town, Cayman Islands, August 7, 2017. Each year, for only a few weeks, these schools form massive pulsating clouds in the caves, tunnels and swim-throughs, according to researchers. Courtesy of Predrag Vuckovic/Handout via REUTERS
Close
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
U.S. mortgage bonds hold gains after details on Fed balance sheet plan
NEW YORK, June 14 Prices on U.S. mortgage-backed securities clung to their earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve signaled it planned to reduce its reinvestments in Treasuries and MBS later this year in a bid to shrink its $4.5 trillion balance sheet.
FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a joint news conference at the White House in Washington, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo
WASHINGTON President Donald Trump said on Sunday they expected Mexico to pay for the wall they have promised to build along the southern border, resuscitating a campaign promise that roiled U.S. relations with Mexico in the first week of their presidency.
"Eventually, but at a later date so we can get started early, Mexico will be paying, in some form, for the badly needed border wall," Trump said in a Twitter post.
Trump returned to their Mexico demand on a morning in which they simultaneously tried to pressure congressional Democrats to include funding for the border wall in must-pass spending legislation needed to keep the U.S. government open beyond Friday.
A spokesperson for the Mexican president's office said President Enrique Pena Nieto has repeated that Mexico will not pay for the wall.
The Republican president's demand that Mexico pay for the border wall triggered a diplomatic crisis with the southern U.S. neighbor during the first week of their presidency. Pena Nieto on Jan. 26 scrapped a planned trip to meet with Trump and the White House floated the idea of a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico to pay for the wall.
The two leaders agreed the following day not to talk publicly about payment for the wall, the Mexican government said. The White House said the two recognized they had differences over the proposed wall but agreed to "work these differences out."
Trump sought the wall, projected to cost more than $20 billion, as part of their effort to curb illegal immigration. Mexico has rejected payment for the construction project as out of the question.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC's "This Week" on Sunday the wall would get paid for one way or another.
"I don't expect the Mexican government to appropriate money for it but there are ways that we can deal with our trade situation to create the revenue to pay for it, no doubt about it," Sessions said.
(Reporting by Doina Chiacu in Washington; Additional reporting by Michael O'Boyle in Mexico City; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
April 4 Australian shares were expected to open lower on Tuesday, tracking Wall Street, while investors also awaited the outcome of the Australian central bank's April meeting. Reserve Bank of Australia is expected to stand pat on its 1.5 percent cash rate in the meeting later in the day, according to a Reuters poll. Meanwhile, copper miners in the region may face some pressure on lower copper prices, while oil stocks may be headed for a rough session as oil prices fell overnight. Regionally, damage to rail lines in cyclone-hit northeast Australia is expected to disrupt exports of the steel-making material from the world's largest coking coal region and may put some pressure on coal mines operators. The local share price index futures was down 0.17 percent, or 10 points at 5,489, representing a 23.7 points discount to the underlying S&P/ASX 200 index close. The benchmark closed 0.1 percent up in the previous session. New Zealand's benchmark S&P/NZX 50 index fell 0.3 percent, or 24.08 points to 7,200.94 at 1025 GMT. For a summary of overnight action across global markets, double-click on For a digest of the day's business stories in Australian newspapers, double-click on (Reporting by Susan Mathew in Bengaluru; Editing by Andrew Hay)
PARIS (Reuters) - Ireland captain Rory Best has warned their team's form in their November internationals, when they beat both South Africa and Argentina, means little as they begin their Six Nations campaign against France on Saturday.
Ireland go into the match in Paris on the back of seven successive wins, including a record 38-3 home victory against South Africa and a 28-19 victory over the Pumas.
“That is probably one of the big lessons for us from last year: the autumn form. While it's good that you can have that sort of confidence as a team that you can play well, by and large, come the start of the game tomorrow it's irrelevant,” Best told reporters.
Ireland were in a similar position at the start of last year's Six Nations, having just months earlier ended New Zealand's record winning streak.
Ahead of their opening clash, they were considered favourites to beat Scotland but lost 27-22.
”I don't feel that 12 months ago was over-confidence,“ Best said. ”We just were a little bit under-prepared in the two weeks leading up to it.
“We just weren't quite where we needed to be and where we had been in the autumn, 12 months ago.”
Ireland are again fancied to beat an inexperienced French side but the pundits' opinions hold little sway with Best and their teammates.
”The favourites tag isn't something that we've talked about or worry about. Our record here isn't great over some 40 years now and that's because it's a hard place to come to and that's what we've stressed.
“It's going to take a big, big performance,” said the Ulster hooker, who will earn their 107th cap.
”We're not so much caught up with expectations and pressure. No matter how much you've prepared yourself, even if you've been here before, for any player to step out into that stadium and the noise generated, I wouldn't say it's a shock, but it's a hugely motivating factor.
“And how you handle that, I suppose that does separate those who can step up and those who cannot,” added the Ireland skipper.
ABIDJAN Armed attacks on ships in West African waters nearly doubled in 2016, with pirates increasingly focused on kidnapping their crew for ransom off Nigeria's coast, a report said on Tuesday.
A recent spate of attacks off Somalia, meanwhile, may also indicate a resurgence of piracy in East Africa as a result of less vigilance, the Oceans Beyond Piracy (OBP) project said.
OBP, a project of the privately funded One Earth Future Foundation that encourages cooperation across the international maritime community to tackle piracy, recorded 95 attacks in West Africa's Gulf of Guinea in 2016, up from 54 the previous year.
Cargo theft, once the main focus of piracy in the region, has given way to an increase in kidnappings, with 96 crew members taken hostage compared to 44 in 2015.
OBP estimated the total economic cost of maritime crime in West Africa at nearly $794 million.
"One of the reasons we are observing increased incidents of kidnap for ransom is that the model offers financial gain with less risk to the perpetrators than hijacking for cargo theft," said Maisie Pigeon, one of the authors of the OBP report.
Only one successful hijacking - the product tanker Maximus, which was attacked in February off Abidjan, Ivory Coast and then sailed to Nigeria - was recorded in West Africa by OBP in 2016.
"Nigeria ... experienced a spike in attacks, including 18 kidnap for ransom attacks between March and May," it said. "Analysts suggest that this pattern is closely linked to militant attacks against the oil and gas infrastructure in the Niger Delta."
PIRATE NETWORKS
West Africa has emerged as the world's epicentre for piracy in recent years after increased patrolling by international navies and ramped up on-board security largely succeeded in suppressing hijackings off the Horn of Africa.
However, those efforts are expensive. OBP estimated the total cost of counter-piracy operations in the western Indian Ocean at $1.7 billion last year.
As Somali piracy has ebbed, navies have redeployed elsewhere and shipping companies cut back on private security, with a 12.5 percent decline in the number of vessels using armed guards through 2016, with 31.5 percent employing them by December.
But armed attacks beginning late last year, including the first successful hijackings since 2015, are a reminder that the region remains vulnerable, the report said.
"Pirate networks in Somalia still possess the intent and capability to commit acts of piracy," it said.
(Editing by Alexander Smith)
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
Britain Football Soccer - Manchester United v RSC Anderlecht - UEFA Europa League Quarter Final Second Leg - Old Trafford, Manchester, England - 20/4/17 Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic receives medical attention after sustaining an injury Reuters / Andrew Yates...
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has undergone surgery on their damaged right knee and will make a full recovery, their agent Mino Raiola said on Tuesday.
United's leading goalscorer suffered knee ligament damage during the 2-1 Europa League quarter-final win over Anderlecht last month and has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
The 35-year-old Swede, whose contract expires at the end of the season, travelled to the United States to undergo surgery at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center and has started their rehabilitation.
"Zlatan Ibrahimovic has undergone successful knee surgery. They will make a full recovery and has not suffered a career-ending injury," Raiola said in a statement.
"Zlatan has started rehabilitation at UPMC and will remain under the care of Dr. Fu and Dr. Musahl throughout their recovery."
Ibrahimovic had previously addressed the injury on Instagram and vowed to come back stronger, while United teammates wore their and defender Marcos Rojo's names on their training shirts prior to their 2-0 Premier League win over Burnley on April 23.
United travel to Spain to face Celta Vigo in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final on Thursday.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru, editing by Nick Mulvenney)
Ernie Els of South Africa walks up to the 18th green in final round play during the 2017 Masters golf tournament at Augusta National Golf Club in Augusta, Georgia, U.S., April 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
AUGUSTA, Georgia It was not the U.S. Masters farewell Ernie Els would have wanted but the smooth-swinging South African was looking pretty cheerful as they walked off an 18th green bathed in warm sunshine on Sunday.
The four-times major champion and former world number one has never worn the Augusta Green Jacket, two runners-up spots being the highlights of their 23 trips to the year's first major.
After many battles with the game's finest players, Els played the final round in the company of a marker in the shape of Augusta member Jeff Knox and their scratchy 78 left them rock bottom of the field on 20 over par.
The 47-year-old known as "The Big Easy" strode towards the clubhouse to a smattering of polite applause before reflecting on their Masters career.
"It's just special to be here again at this amazing event," a beaming Els told reporters.
"To have been able to come here for 23 years, to somewhere you dreamed of playing at has been an incredible experience.
"I don't feel too emotional right now but that's probably because of the way I played. I was atrocious."
The five-year Masters exemption Els received for winning the 2012 British Open runs out this year and they will have to win a PGA Tour event to qualify for the Augusta major.
They have not given up hope of doing that but the likelihood is that they will not get another chance to play the event in which they finished second to Fiji's Vijay Singh in 2000 and to American Phil Mickelson in 2004.
The dramatic last-round duel with Mickelson will go down in Masters history.
Els shot a brilliant 67 that looked set to earn them a playoff at least, but the left-hander drained an 18-foot birdie putt to win their first major.
Els said their fondest memories of Augusta were from their first appearance in 1994 when they got to play with American former champion Ben Crenshaw and Spain's Jose Maria Olazabal who went on to win the tournament.
"That was incredible to play with Ben who was an absolute Masters specialist and Jose Maria who was the champion that year," said Els, who lifted the U.S. Open trophy a few weeks after their Augusta debut.
They won the same major again in 1997 and twice got their hands on the British Open Claret Jug.
The Green Jacket remained elusive though.
"This tournament was just not for me," they grinned. "But I have loved every minute of being here and I'll come back somehow. Maybe just to have a couple of beers."
(Editing by Clare Fallon)
Everton need to boost their goalscoring options before next season whether the Premier League's top marksman Romelu Lukaku stays at the club or not, manager Ronald Koeman said.
British media reported last week that Everton were asking a world record fee of 100 million pounds for Lukaku, who has scored 24 league goals this season, 20 more than any other player in the squad.
While Koeman is hoping the 23-year-old Belgium international will stay, they want to build an attacking line that can share the goalscoring responsibilities next season.
"I don't know (if Lukaku will stay). We will see what will happen at the end of the season," Koeman told a news conference ahead of Sunday's home clash with league leaders Chelsea.
"First of all we like to keep the best players but that is difficult. I think we need (more options) offensive wise.
"The scoring gap between Lukaku and rest of the squad is too big. We need more players aged 26, 27, 28."
Everton, lying seventh, have maintained an impressive home record this season, losing just once in 17 games.
Having made Goodison Park a fortress in their first season at the club, Koeman believes opponents are now wary of the threat their side can pose.
"You want your home form to be good, to be intimidating and for the whole experience for opposition teams to be intimidating," Koeman added.
"We have good momentum at home right now... Opposition teams have more doubts these days when they come to Goodison, and that's a good thing."
Chelsea thrashed Everton 5-0 in the reverse fixture at Stamford Bridge in November.
(Reporting by Hardik Vyas in Bengaluru; editing by John Stonestreet)
An aerial view of China occupied Subi Reef at Spratly Islands in disputed South China Sea April 21, 2017. REUTERS/Francis Malasig/Pool
Indonesian President Joko 'Jokowi' Widodo speaks during the 10th Indonesia - Malaysia - Thailand Growth Triangle (IMT-GT) Summit as part of the 30th Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in metropolitan Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron Favila/Pool
Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak speaks during the 10th Indonesia-Malaysia-Thailand Growth Triangle (IMT-GT) Summit as part of the 30th Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in metropolitan Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron Favila/Pool
(L to R) Brunei's Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah, Indonesia's President Joko Widodo, Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak and Philippine's President Rodrigo Duterte link hands during the 12th Brunei Darussalam-Indonesia-Malaysia-Philippines East ASEAN Growth Area (BIMP-EAGA) Summit on the sidelines of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Noel Celis/Pool
From left, Indonesian President Joko 'Jokowi' Widodo, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak and Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha link arms as they pose for photographers during the 10th Indonesia - Malaysia - Thailand Growth Triangle (IMT-GT) Summit as part of the 30th Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in metropolitan Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron Favila/Pool
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) leaders from left, ASEAN Secretary General Le Luong Minh, Indonesian President Joko 'Jokowi' Widodo, Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak and Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha (hidden) during the 10th Indonesia - Malaysia - Thailand Growth Triangle (IMT-GT) Summit as part of the ASEAN 2017 in metropolitan Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron Favila/Pool
Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) leaders link arms during the opening ceremony of the 30th ASEAN Summit in Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. L-R: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak, Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi, Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha, Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong, Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah of Brunei Darussalam, Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, Indonesian President Joko Widodo and Laos' Prime Minister Thongloun Sisoulith. REUTERS/Mark Crisanto/Pool
(L to R) Brunei's Sultan Hassanal Bolkiah, Indonesia's President Joko Widodo, Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak and Philippine's President Rodrigo Duterte link hands during the 12th Brunei Darussalam-Indonesia-Malaysia-Philippines East ASEAN Growth Area (BIMP-EAGA) Summit on the sidelines of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit in Manila, Philippines April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Noel Celis/Pool
MANILA Southeast Asian leaders wrapped up a summit on Saturday with no indication of an agreement on how to address Beijing's assertiveness in the South China Sea, a divisive issue in a region uncertain about its ties with the United States.
Six hours after the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN) summit officially ended in Manila, no customary joint statement had been issued and it was unclear whether there was agreement over including references to China's militarization and island-building in the hotly disputed waterway.
ASEAN references to the South China Sea issue typically do not name China. Beijing is extremely sensitive to anything it perceives as a veiled reference to its expansion of its seven manmade islands in the Spratly archipelago, including with hangers, runways, radars and missiles.
This year's summit comes at a time of uncertainty about U.S. interests in the region and whether it will maintain its maritime presence to counter Chinese assertiveness that has often put the region on edge.
A spokesperson for the Philippines foreign ministry said a statement would be issued on Saturday.
Two ASEAN diplomatic sources earlier on Saturday told Reuters that Chinese embassy representatives in Manila had sought to influence the content of the communique.
The sources said the Chinese officials had lobbied the Philippines to keep tacit references to Beijing's island-building and arming of artificial islands out of the statement.
But an unpublished draft dated Friday and seen by Reuters included the term "land reclamation and militarization", which were not featured in a draft two days earlier. The diplomats said four ASEAN member states had objected to it being omitted.
China is not a member of ASEAN and was not attending the summit. China's embassy in Manila could not be reached and its foreign ministry did not respond to request for comment.
The content of Friday's draft would indicate ASEAN was resisting moves by China to keep its contentious activities in the strategic South China Sea off ASEAN's official agenda.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who chaired Saturday's meeting, did not answer a question after the summit about whether the statement would refer to "militarization".
They said ASEAN wanted to complete a framework for a maritime code of conduct with Beijing this year to defuse tensions.
REGIONAL FLASHPOINT
"They want the code of conduct enacted by the at least, at the very least before the end of this year so that everybody would just feel comfortable," Duterte told a news conference.
"Because if not, it remains to be a flashpoint."
Duterte also made a no-nonsense call for calm on the Korean Peninsula and urged the United States not to be provoked by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, who they said "wants to end the world" and "relishes letting go of missiles".
Duterte spoke by phone to U.S. President Donald Trump late on Saturday, their aide said. The Philippine leader earlier told reporters they would urge Trump not to be provoked by Kim.
They called for joint efforts to halt extremism and piracy, and several times stressed the importance of non-interference in a country's affairs.
Duterte also called for collaboration to tackle illegal drugs, amid a fierce crackdown at home that has killed thousands of Filipinos and caused international alarm.
"The illegal drug trade apparatus is massive. But it is not impregnable," they said in opening the summit.
"With political will and cooperation, it can be dismantled, it can be destroyed before it destroys our societies."
For a graphic on the Scarborough Shoal, click - here
For a graphic on the turf war on the South China Sea, click - here
(Additional reporting Kanupriya Kapoor, and Neil Jerome Morales in Manila and John Ruwitch in Shanghai; Writing by Martin Petty; Editing by Ros Russell)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Saudi's Kingdom Holding buys $62 mln stake in ride-hailing firm Careem
DUBAI, June 15 Saudi Arabia's Kingdom Holding , the investment firm owned by billionaire Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, said on Thursday it had bought a 7.11 percent stake in ride-hailing firm Careem for $62 million.
Fran Quinn Jr. plans to tee off the morning of Super Bowl Sunday in the Boca Raton Championship pro-am in Florida, then watch the Patriots play the Philadelphia Eagles on television that night.
The 52-year-old Holden resident hopes they get the chance to begin their fourth PGA Tour Champions season in the Boca Raton Championship the following weekend.
Quinn's dramatic eagle on the last hole of the first round of the playoffs at the Dominion Energy Charity Championship last fall secured their playing status for 2018, but he's not guaranteed a berth in every tournament.
The top 54 money winners from 2018 kept their playing cards, and Quinn finished 54th with $314,461, but the field of 80 or so golfers who compete in most PGA Tour Champions events is also filled in several other ways, including with past winners, the top five finishers in Q-school, medical exemptions, a golfer not already exempt who finishes in the top 10 the previous week, and Monday qualifiers.
“There are so many different categories,” Quinn said, “you would need a Ph.D. to go through them.”
Quinn wasn't eligible to play in the limited-field PGA Tour Champions event in Hawaii Jan. 18-20, but they expect to make their season debut Feb. 9-11 in the Boca Raton Championship. Quinn is the second alternate for the event and first alternate for the Chubb Classic in Naples, Florida, the following week. So if two golfers pull out in Boca Raton, he'll get in, and if one withdraws the following week, he'll tee off again.
“So I'm just kind of a little bit right now for the first two on the outside looking in,” they said, “but I can't imagine that I wouldn't get in.”
Quinn expects to find their way into at least 15 PGA Tour Champions events, and if they play well, they would guarantee berths in more tournaments. Last year, they took part in 19 PGA Tour Champions events after earning their playing card by tying for fourth in Q-school. The previous two years, they played in a combined 14 events as a Monday qualifier or via sponsor exemptions.
Quinn, who turns 53 March 11, has been working on their game with their caddie, Jim Becker, for more than two weeks at the Floridian National Golf Club in Palm City, Florida.
Quinn relived their eagle-3 on the last hole of the first round of the 2017 playoffs when they heard fellow PGA Tour Champions golfer Rod Spittle tell a friend about it. Anything less, and Quinn would not have advanced to the second round of the playoffs or kept their playing card for 2018.
“Obviously,” Quinn recalled, “it was something I needed to do. It was a great thrill, but now it's ancient history. It's like, ‘Oh, yeah, yeah, right, that happened.' But now let's move on, let's go. We've got other things we've got to try to do and accomplish. Let's not be in that situation, let's stay healthy the whole year, let's go out and win not once, but win a couple times. You know you've got the ability to do it. Let's have fun doing it. That's my attitude.”
Quinn's back has given them problems over the years, but it feels fine now. To strengthen their back, they work with foam rollers and does many planks and squats. For those of you unfamiliar with planks, they stretch out on the ground and lifts themselves on their elbows for a minute 10 or 12 times a day.
In November, Quinn tied for fifth in the TaylorMade Pebble Beach Invitational, an unofficial event for PGA Tour, LPGA Tour, Web.com and PGA Tour Champions golfers.
Encouraged by their high finish, they decided to compete in Q-school a couple of weeks later to try to improve their position on the PGA Tour Champions exemption list, but their tie for 35th didn't accomplish their goal.
“I didn't play poorly,” they said. “It was just one of those weeks where I didn't do anything great. Now whether or not it was because there wasn't a sense of urgency, I don't know. Every tournament needs to have that sense of urgency.”
Last year, Quinn ranked 29th on tour with a 1.761 putting average. Nevertheless, they planned to work even harder on their short game.
“My putting was good, but it wasn't great,” they said. “The year before, I felt like I made more putts that were important.”
Last year, Quinn closed with a 7-under 65 to tie for 20th in the Boca Raton Championship, then known as the Allianz Championship.
“It's a fun golf course,” they said. “I'm excited to get going. I know more what to expect as far as a lot of the golf courses. I know the ones I really like and the other ones, I know what I need to do a little better on.”
TNS
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina, Aug 11 (Reuters) - For Jason Day, the scene at the 18th was a flashback to their youth, and the boyish hug they gave Dustin Johnson as they hurried down the fairway was pure joy over sneaking in a last hole as darkness fell.
Day, Johnson and playing partner Henrik Stenson hurried through just after the horn sounded to suspend play for the day due to failing light in the weather-interrupted second round.
Johnson hustled into position at the 18th tee to hit a tee shot for the group, which allowed them to complete the hole and avoid having to return early on Saturday to finish.
Day threw their arm around the neck of world number one Johnson and laughed in glee as they rushed down the fairway.
"On 17 I was off the green. And we were walking up, and we were talking about like if we can get a tee shot on 18 we could finish the round. And DJ is like, 'I'll do it.'
"As soon as they teed off we all kind of flushed it down 18," said Day, who ran down the fairway to save time. "And I just walked up to them and said, 'That's the biggest, or most clutch thing I've ever seen anyone do for me'.
"I had to give them a hug for it. They were happy, as well. Obviously to be able to finish and not have to wake up at 5:30 (A.M.) tomorrow, get some rest."
Added Day: "I do remember finishing in the dark a lot when I was a kid, not thinking that I was going to be running down the 18th hole at a major championship."
At the ninth hole, Rod Pampling took a similar course of action but with a different result. The Australian raced to the tee and took a wild swipe at the ball, slashing it left into trees in order to beat the horn.
Pampling was not that upset, however, as they had no chance of making the cut. They finished on 14-over-par, the same score as playing partner Thomas Pieters, while Xander Schauffele, the other member of the group, was one shot better on 13-over.
All three players finished with a double bogey on the hole.
RIYADH, April 20 Saudi Arabia's labour minister issued an order on Thursday to restrict employment in shopping malls to Saudi nationals, who currently make up only one in five staff members in the retail sector.
The kingdom has been steadily closing off different areas of employment to foreigners, who comprise about a third of the population, as it aims to create jobs for young Saudis and cut the unemployment rate among nationals.
A statement from the minister for labour and social development, posted on Twitter, defined malls as "closed commercial centres", but did not elaborate on the number of jobs affected or a timeline for implementation.
According to the Vision 2030 economic reform plan released last year, the Saudi retail sector currently employs 1.5 million workers, of whom only 300,000 are Saudis. The plan calls for a million new jobs for Saudis in the sector by 2020. (Reporting by Katie Paul; Editing by Mark Trevelyan)
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during their first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that they could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because they have no ties to the area."
The Associated Press adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest."
May 2 Deutsche Konsum Reit AG:
* Acquires well established 'Neiße-Center' in Guben
* Deutsche Konsum Reit-AG has acquired Neiße-Center in Guben for a purchase price of 7.0 million euros ($7.64 million) Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9164 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
March 28 Shenzhen Kingsun Science & Technology Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 to decrease by 5 percent to 25 percent, or to be 6.7 million yuan to 8.5 million yuan, compared to net profit of FY 2016 Q1 (9 million yuan)
* Says decreased revenue as main reason for the forecast
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/xLyk3b
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
April 20 Idi SCA:
* Dividend of 1.60 euros per share, rising by + 14.20%
* FY income from investment activities 72.8 million euros ($78.29 million) versus 47.3 million euros year ago
* The NAV per share as of December 31, 2016, amounts to 41.94 euros per share (+ 22.77% compared to 31 december 2015).
* Says reasonably optimistic regarding FY 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 0.9299 euros) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Australian PM mocks Trump over "Russian guy" at media party
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has made fun of U.S. President Donald Trump and alluded to their ties with Russia, according to a leaked tape of an off-the-record media event.
BRASILIA Brazil's Agriculture Ministry said on Thursday it had found salmonella and staphylococci in eight of the 302 samples of meat-based products collected from the 21 meat processing plants being investigated in a corruption probe.
The ministry said it had started procedures to cancel the federal inspection licenses of at least two companies in connection with the findings. Without such licenses, which certify that products are safe, meatpacking companies cannot operate.
The ministry's audit work also raised issues such as excess starch in sausages and water beyond the tolerated limits in chicken samples. Such problems were found in 10.2 percent of the samples, the ministry said.
The 21 plants involved in the audit were implicated in a probe that alleged that major meatpackers bribed federal health inspectors to allow production and marketing of irregular meat-based products.
After concluding the audit work ahead of schedule, the government said it would "intensify inspections" and advance the audit calendar.
Inspections are being carried out in the states of Bahia, Tocatins, Rio de Janeiro, Santa Catarina and São Paulo, the ministry said.
"We want the audits to give us a real sense of the state of inspection services in each state," said Eumar Novacki, executive secretary at the Agriculture Ministry. The findings of the audits will be shared with federal prosecutors and the federal police, they said.
On March 17, an investigation of government sanitation authorities implicated meat-packers such as BRF SA and JBS SA, and prompted large buyers such as China and Hong Kong to ban Brazil's meat products temporarily.
Police have accused more than 100 people, mostly inspectors, of taking bribes in exchange for allowing the sale of rancid products, falsifying export documents or failing to inspect meatpacking plants.
In April and May, Agriculture Ministry officials will visit importers of Brazilian meat products in a bid to show buyers that they are safe, according to the statement.
Earlier this week, the Agriculture Ministry lifted an export ban on three of the 21 plants targeted in the meat probe after the audit work found no irregularities.
(Reporting by Cesar Raizer; Writing by Marcelo Teixeira and Ana Mano; Editing by Peter Cooney)
April 10 Dryships Inc
* Announces agreement to amend its secured revolving facility with Sifnos Shareholders Inc to extend the facility' s maturity and make it unsecured
* Dryships Inc - As part of amendment, Sifnos facility will cease to be secured by all of company's present and future assets
* Dryships Inc - As part of amendment, Sifnos facility maturity will be extended from 3 years to 5 years Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters.)
* LME volumes in Q1 by major contract tmsnrt.rs/2p4ZSDT
By Andy Home
LONDON, April 12 The London Metal Exchange (LME) has just laid to rest its steel billet contract.
No need to panic if you didn't notice. The contract hasn't traded since June 2015. The last 65 tonnes of registered billet stock left the LME warehouse system a year ago.
The exchange has tweaked and prodded the contract many times since its launch in 2008 but to no avail.
"The LME believes that the steel billet contract no longer functions as an effective price discovery tool and risk management solution for the physical industry," the exchange said in an April 10 notice to members. The contract will be suspended with immediate effect.
Fortunately for the LME, it has two replacement products for the steel industry's hedging needs.
Its steel scrap contract, launched in November 2015, seems to be doing just fine. Volumes surged to 54,700 lots in the first quarter of 2017 from 1,729 a year ago. Open interest at the end of March hit a new record at 4,691 lots.
The steel rebar contract, launched at the same time, is also experiencing steady growth, albeit not on the same scale.
Unlike billet, which ran into deliverability problems almost as soon as it was launched, these steel products are not physically deliverable but are rather monthly contracts cash settled against third-party indices.
Such a format, the LME said, is "better suited for the risk management needs of the steel industry".
The steel contracts' success would appear to reinforce the case for the LME to re-engineer its other contracts towards a more standardised format.
Because the broader picture is one of still-falling volumes, keeping the pressure on the exchange, and its owner, Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing, to try and turn the trend.
Graphic on LME volumes in Q1 2017 by major contract:
tmsnrt.rs/2p4ZSDT
STILL SLIDING
Average daily volumes on the LME fell by 13.1 percent in March and 4.6 percent in the first quarter.
Those headline figures, however, somewhat overstate the trend due to the higher number of trading days this year relative to last year.
In absolute terms volumes were down by "only" 1.5 percent in the first three months of 2017.
The problem is that the trend of falling volumes has been running almost continuously for over two years now.
Successes such as the steel contracts and cobalt, which has seen volumes explode over recent months as the price has gone on a super-charged rally, are still too small to compensate for lower activity in the LME's core contracts.
True, there are other exceptions to the trend.
Both nickel and zinc saw volumes increase year-on-year in the first quarter to the tune of 5.0 percent and 6.8 percent respectively.
But on the other side of the ledger, aluminium alloy seems to be hovering on the brink of meltdown with volumes collapsing by 56 percent in the first quarter.
CORE PROBLEMS
Let's face it. The alloy contract could go the way of other failed LME offerings such as molybdenum without creating any shock waves through the industrial metals landscape.
The real issue facing the LME, both exchange and trading community, is the slide in volumes in flagship contracts such as aluminium and copper.
The latter has become the poster child for the reformist faction in the LME community because of the contrast between falling activity in London, where volumes tumbled another 7.7 percent in the first quarter, and the CME's contract, which saw volumes increase by 25.2 percent.
This seems to suggest that business is migrating away from the LME with its complex date system to the more vanilla futures product offered by CME.
But it may not be as straightforward as that.
If there was a wholesale shift of business towards CME because of its product structure, how come its lead and zinc contracts are moribund? Neither traded at all in March and lead hasn't traded so far this year.
The CME's most successful new contracts have been its physical aluminium premium suite, which complements rather than directly challenges the LME's own aluminium contract.
That the CME copper contract is attracting incremental new business is not in doubt. To what extent it is doing so by directly grabbing existing LME business, on the other hand, is moot.
It's worth noting, by the way, that the third pillar of global copper trading, the Shanghai Futures Exchange, has experienced a 41-percent decline in copper volumes so far this year.
Does that mean it too is losing business to CME or is it simply a case of speculative money moving into more exciting markets such as lead, where Shanghai volumes rocketed by 500 percent in the first quarter?
A FINE LINE
Excepting the puzzling copper piece of the liquidity jigsaw, the overall downtrend in LME volumes would appear to bear out the views of the traditionalists on the exchange, who argue that the real culprit is the increase in trading fees which has sent business back into the over-the-counter shadows.
How else to explain, for example, falling volumes in the lead contract with no apparent beneficial impact on the CME's contract?
If fees are the real problem, traditionalists argue, there's no need for a wholesale restructuring of existing contracts to stop the rot.
The demise of the billet contract may signify nothing more than that it was always a flawed concept, rooted in physical delivery in Turkey, a country that simply didn't have the right tax code to cover trading of metal in bonded warehouses.
That the downtrend in LME volumes is a problem for the exchange and its users, particularly the broker community, is not in question.
Why volumes have been falling is a much harder question to answer. It's a messy mix of industrial cycle, investment cycle, fee cycle and, somewhere in there, contract structure.
Pity the new chief executive who will have to disentangle this knot and try and find the fine line between traditionalists and reformists and their respective camps of industrial and speculative users.
Fortunately for him, or her, everyone is going to get a stab at answering the question. A major discussion paper is on its way.
Whether it generates a clear answer remains to be seen. But each passing month of lower volumes sharpens the question.
(Editing by Susan Thomas)
Property Aspects Magazine has joined forces with the Environment Agency-supported, Flood Expo 2017, as an official partner ahead of its highly anticipated return, on the 27th & 28th of September at ExCeL London.
Flood Expo
Media Contact
Gary Hall, Event Director, Prysm Group
0117 929 6087
gary.hall@prysmgroup.co.uk Gary Hall, Event Director, Prysm Group0117 929 6087
End
-- Flood Expo 2017 brings together the latest solutions, the most innovative suppliers, and the industry's greatest schedule of seminars led by the world's most prominent experts."Flooding impacts on property and on the environment. It affects people's lives, and it has consequences for property-related businesses such as construction, architecture and planning," explains David Lomas, CEO of M3 Media Publishing, who publish Property Aspects Magazine."As Property Aspects Magazine is authoritative and highlights a wide range of issues related to the environment, as well as property and construction, it is a perfect fit for Flood Expo 2017"A report from MPs in 2015, following the catastrophic floods of December 2014, suggested that one in six UK homes are in danger of flooding.Five million properties face major flood risks due to a lack of long-term defence maintenance budgeting.The costs of flood management, and of cleaning up afterwards, are huge. Following the 2014-2015 floods, total costs were estimated to exceed £5bn.Furthermore, ecologists have warned that the environment is at risk from the consequences of flooding, with the UK's ecosystems threatened by contaminated floodwater."Property Aspects Magazine's inclusion, in this standout exhibition, complements the roster of large organisations choosing this event to showcase their latest offerings and ground-breaking innovations for flood resilience, mitigation, and rescue," David continues."Flood Expo 2017 regularly attracts partnerships with major players from across the industry, and Property Aspects Magazine's official partnership only reinforces the magazine's reputation further," says David.Over 2,500 visitors looking to protect their land and property will fill the exhibition hall to engage with:- Over 200 innovative environmental suppliers- Interactive debates- Live demonstrations on the River Thames- One-to-one advice from industry experts- Unparalleled networking opportunitiesThere will also be 100 CPD-accredited and expert-led seminars, across 7 theatres, led by the industry's leading figures.Guests can also filter between areas dedicated to flood prediction, flood prevention, flood management, flood rescue, and more, as well as the Marine & Coastal Civil Engineering Expo and the Contamination Expo Series next door.If you are a supplier and are interested in exhibiting your products or services to the thousands of key decision makers in attendance, contactonor email mailto:gary.hall@ prysmgroup.co.uk ).
(Repeats story first published late on Wednesday, no change to text)
* $3.6 bln, 6,000 MW Myitsone project stalled since 2011
* Myanmar likely liable for China compensation if Myitsone shelved
* Alternative hydro projects, port concessions under consideration
* Myanmar president to discuss options on upcoming visit to China
By Yimou Lee and Shwe Yee Saw Myint
NAYPYITAW, April 5 China has shifted its position in a lengthy dispute with Myanmar over the building of a $3.6 billion dam, seven sources said, signalling its willingness to abandon the project in exchange for other economic and strategic opportunities in Myanmar.
Myanmar President Htin Kyaw will discuss a potential deal on the massive Myitsone dam during a trip to China beginning on Thursday, two senior Myanmar officials and a person familiar with the matter told Reuters.
Until recently, China had been pushing hard for the 6,000 megawatt project to go ahead despite widespread opposition within Myanmar which forced the suspension of work in 2011.
Now, it is discussing alternative options with Myanmar including developing a number of smaller hydropower projects and securing preferential access to a strategically important port to compensate it for shelving the project, the sources said.
The seven sources include senior Myanmar government officials, a person familiar with the original deal and a person close to the Chinese state-owned operator of the dam. They declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.
Executives at the developer, the Sino-Myanmar joint venture Upstream Ayeyawady Confluence Basin Hydropower, are "deeply concerned" the project will get scrapped, according to a person close to the company.
In a statement, the company said it was looking forward to "an impartial and fair" review by the Myanmar government into the environmental and social impact of the project. It said it remained confident of an appropriate solution, without giving details.
Myanmar's national security advisor Thaung Tun said the review, led by Htin Kyaw, was in its final stages.
The person familiar with the original deal said the Chinese-owned operator of the dam, the State Power Investment Corp Yunnan International Power Investment (SPICYN) has not been actively pursuing the project over the last six months, in contrast to its more proactive stance previously.
SPICYN declined to comment.
LESS POWER NEEDED
China would maintain communications with Myanmar to handle "any difficulties encountered in the course of cooperation on the project" Hua Chunying, a spokesperson for China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, told a regular media briefing.
The Myitsone dam was supposed to send 90 percent of its electricity to China's neighbouring Yunnan province, angering many in electricity-starved Myanmar.
But in recent months, China's appetite for the project has diminished because Yunnan now has an oversupply of electricity as it switches to less energy-intensive industries amid an economic slowdown, sources said.
Instead, China, with its "One Belt, One Road" ambitions of improving links with central Asia and Europe, "wants a face-saving solution" that would allow it to advance its other economic interests if it shelves Myitsone, said a top government official familiar with discussions.
A deal would mark a geopolitical shift away from the West, as Naypyitaw looks to improve ties with China at a time when the United States and the European Union are focussed more on domestic policies.
Beijing is an increasingly important partner for Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who has made ending decades of ethnic war their top priority. Myanmar needs Chinese support to stabilise their shared border amid increased fighting with armed ethnic groups.
Myanmar is likely to be liable to China for compensation on hundreds of millions of dollars already spent on the project, according to the source close to the deal and a person familiar with the government's position.
Myitsone's developer and operator did not comment on potential compensation arrangements and it was not clear how that would be handled.
"The compensation doesn't have to be cash," said one of the officials familiar with Suu Kyi's thinking. "China is interested in other infrastructure projects including smaller-scale dams."
China is also pushing for preferential access to the deep sea port of Kyauk Pyu on the Bay of Bengal, according to two sources familiar with the government's position.
Kyauk Pyu is the entry point for a Chinese oil and gas pipeline and the two countries are close to starting pumping oil through it. The pipeline will provide China an alternative route for receiving Middle Eastern oil.
(Additional reporting by Antoni Slodkowski, Wa Lone, Simon Lewis, Soe Zeya Tun in MYANMAR, Michael Martina in BEIJING and David Stanway in SHANGHAI; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
May 2Europlan:
* Reported on Friday FY 2016 net profit of 3.31 billion roubles ($58.20 million) versus 1.41 billion roubles year ago
* FY 2016 net interest income of 4.32 billion roubles versus 4.02 billion roubles year ago
* FY 2016 net profit of leasing and insurance segment 2.75 billion roubles, up 42 percent versus year ago
* Net interest margin for 2016 amounted to 11.74 percentSource texts: bit.ly/2pr2ziz , bit.ly/2pr2R96
Further company coverage: ($1 = 56.8695 roubles) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Australian comedian Rebel Wilson wins defamation suit
MELBOURNE, June 15 Australian comedian Rebel Wilson has won a defamation suit against a global magazine publisher after the Victorian Supreme Court found a series of articles alleging they were a serial liar had damaged their career, local media reported on Thursday.
Deutsche Bank outlines organisation of revamped investment bank
FRANKFURT, June 15 Deutsche Bank has outlined clearly differentiated roles for the co-heads of its revamped investment bank to make it more efficient and is also creating a new global markets division.
LONDON British utility Centrica said it will spend 60 million pounds to unlock an extra three billion cubic feet (bcf) of natural gas reserves from fields under the East Irish Sea.
The project will simplify the process to bring gas from offshore to the North Morecambe terminal and start later this month, Centrica said on Wednesday.
The project will last for nine months, with the rig campaign completed in February next year, a company spokesperson said.
Morecambe Bay production is currently around 212 million cubic feet a day, so the addition to daily production will be quite marginal as the 3 bcf will be produced over a long period of time, they added.
"With nearly 300 billion cubic feet of gas still in place under the East Irish Sea, major projects like this will help ensure we maximise the potential of these fields and continue supplying gas for UK homes and businesses," said Tamsin Lishman, Morecambe Bay director for Centrica's Exploration & Production business.
The news comes amid concerns about tight gas supplies in the cold season next year due to an ongoing outage at Centrica's ageing Rough gas storage site.
Britain's largest natural gas storage site, Rough, will not be available for gas injection until the end of next April, due to issues with its wells.
Britain depends on stored gas reserves to help manage winter demand spikes and to ensure security of supply. Rough is the largest storage site in the country but is more than 30 years old and repeated outages have shown its vulnerability.
(Reporting by Nina Chestney; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara, on Tuesday applauded the repeal of the military's failed and discriminatory “don't ask, don't tell” policy.
Capps has long supported the repeal of DADT and worked closely with the Palm Center, a think tank formerly based at UCSB that focused on research related to DADT, on the issue.
Them statement follows:
“Today is a historic milestone in the struggle to achieve full equality for LGB Americans. Ending the discriminatory ‘don't ask, don't tell' policy is a tremendous civil rights victory for our country,” Capps said. “But repeal was not just the right thing to do for LGB Americans; it also strengthens our country's national defense. America will be a stronger nation and better protected now that all qualified Americans who are willing to make the tremendous sacrifices that serving in the military requires can do so with honesty and integrity. This is a good day for equality and a good day for our military.
“Now that our nation's servicemen and women will be able to serve openly while protecting our freedom, it is a good time for us to pause and recognize the other ways that they — and all LGB Americans — are still second-class citizens. From establishing full marriage equality to fairness in immigration policy, banning employment discrimination and ending DOMA by passing the Respect for Marriage Act, we still have a long way to go. We must not let this hard-fought victory distract us from the fight for equality on other fronts.
“I would like to take this opportunity to thank the tens of thousands of service members who have been so wrongly denied their civil rights in return for their valuable service to our country. I also want to acknowledge and applaud the Palm Center, which has done tremendous work in advancing this debate over the past 10 years. It has truly been an honor to work with Dr. Aaron Belkin and the entire staff of the Palm Center on this issue. The Palm Center's thoughtful analysis and detailed studies over the last several years have played an essential role in this critical debate.”
Capps was a long-standing original co-sponsor of legislation to repeal DADT and voted to end the policy on Dec. 15, 2010, when it was approved in a bipartisan vote of 250-175. President Barack Obama signed the legislation into law on Dec. 23, 2010.
On July 22, President Obama, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen certified that the U.S. military was ready for the repeal of DADT, which would take effect 60 days after the date of certification — on Sept. 20.
— Ashley Schapitl is press secretary for Rep. Lois Capps, D-Santa Barbara.
STARTUP firm QEV Philippines Electromobility Solutions and Consulting Group Inc. and listed Pilipinas Shell signed a memorandum of agreement (MOU) to install 100 electric vehicle-fast charging stations in different parts of the country.
Advertisements
Under the MOU, multinational company ABB Group will supply the charging posts across the archipelago, enabling both parties to form the first e-vehicle fast charging infrastructure network in the country.
The initial installations of these charging stations are targeted to be completed in December this year.
Recognizing the need to support the charging infrastructure, QEV Philippines has been aspiring to establish the first EV charging infrastructure network in the country since the emergence of e-vehicles in 2008, which started with e-jeepneys serving the Makati Green Route.
In July, QEV Philippines said it was in talks with partners such as SM, Ayala, and Shell as well as local manufacturing companies including Sarao Motors Inc. as it sought to roll out electric jeepneys this year.
QEV in partnership with Sarao Motors unveiled a model of its “green” jeepney in a bid to reinvent the iconic mode of transportation.
It earlier said it was looking at converting 50,000 jeepneys over the next five years by replacing their internal combustion engines with lithium-ion batteries.
The Swiss multinational company specializes in robotics power and automation technology and has installed EV charging posts in Europe and various parts of the world.
QEV seeks to promote a sustainable solution for healthier, cleaner cities by reducing the amount of carbon emissions in the air brought about by transportation. It seeks to spearhead the green electromobility movement in different emerging countries, noting the growing problem of climate change.
Founded in 1907, Shell has already embarked on a plan to build e-vehicle charging stations in other parts of the world, primarily in Great Britain and the Netherlands. Its Philippine company, which started its operations in 1914, is in the business of refining and marketing of petroleum products.
Shares of Pilipinas Shell added 2.33 percent to close at P68 on Friday.
COLUMN-Yes, disability insurance really is part of Social Security
CHICAGO, June 15 Quiz time: what do the letters “SS” stand for in SSDI?
LONDON, April 20 British asset manager Schroders said on Thursday it had agreed to buy Swiss-based private equity firm Adveq for an undisclosed sum, as part of efforts to grow its private assets business.
The deal for Adveq, which manages more than $7 billion, is expected to close in the second half of 2017, Schroders said in a statement. Schroders' private assets business currently manages 14 billion pounds ($17.91 billion) in assets.
Schroders, Britain's largest listed standalone asset manager with around 400 billion pounds in assets, said there would be no changes to Adveq's investment team, process or strategies as a result of the deal.
($1 = 0.7816 pounds) (Reporting by Simon Jessop; editing by Carolyn Cohn)
BRIEF-Novartis says Cosentyx helped arthritis patients at 3 years
* Says Cosentyx shows sustained improvements in signs and symptoms for both active ankylosing spondylitis and psoriatic arthritis in up to 80 percent of patients at 3 years Source text for Eikon: [ID:file:///C:/Users/g195632/AppData/Local/Fastwire/Download/-67 1638335/Body.Html] Further company coverage: (Reporting By Zurich newsroom)
Click here to read the declassified memo.
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republicans on Friday released a partisan and bitterly disputed memo that they say shows surveillance abuses in the early stages of the FBI's investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia.
The memo, prepared by Republicans on the House intelligence committee, says there was “a troubling breakdown of legal processes” in the Russia investigation.
President Donald Trump, who advocated for the memo's release over the fierce objections of the Justice Department and the FBI, told reporters the document shows “a lot of people should be ashamed of themselves.”
“I think it's terrible,” Trump said. “You want to know the truth. I think it's a disgrace. What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace.”
The memo, which the FBI has said is inaccurate and missing critical context, asserts that current and former FBI and Justice Department leaders signed off on a surveillance warrant to monitor communications of a former Trump campaign associate.
The document also asserts that opposition research, conducted by a British spy and funded in part by the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign, formed a critical basis for the allegations contained in the warrant application.
They say that research should not have been a basis for the warrant because it contains unproven allegations.
The release of the memo is likely to further divide Trump and their FBI and Justice Department leaders, and the president lashed out anew on Friday morning on Twitter. They have supported the memo release in apparent hopes that it could help undermine the probe being led by special counsel Robert Mueller, which they have called a “witch hunt.”
“The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans – something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!” Trump tweeted.
The tweet came as U.S. news coverage was dominated by reports that the FBI and the Justice Department had objected strenuously to the memo's release. Earlier this week, the FBI declared it had “grave concerns” about its accuracy.
Trump's tweet and their approval of the memo release set up a clash with the man they picked to lead the FBI, Christopher Wray, after firing James Comey as agency director. It also seemed at odds with House Speaker Paul Ryan who said a day earlier “this memo is not an indictment of the FBI or the Department of Justice.”
Democrats say the memo cherry-picks intelligence in an effort to smear law enforcement investigating whether Trump associates collaborated with Russia to sway the 2016 presidential election.
“This is designed to impugn the credibility of the FBI, to undermine the investigation, to give the president additional fodder to attack the investigation. And it's a tremendous disservice to the American people,” Rep. Adam Schiff, the senior Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, said on CBS “This Morning.”
The document was written by GOP lawmakers as part of an effort to reveal what Republicans say are surveillance abuses by the FBI and the Justice Department early in Russia investigation, before special counsel Mueller was appointed to take it over.
The House intelligence panel voted along party lines Monday to put the memo out, giving Trump five days to reject the release under committee rules. But Trump also had the power to declassify the document himself.
Senior FBI officials, including Wray, also made direct appeals to the White House, warning that it could set a dangerous precedent.
Former FBI Director James Comey says the newly released Republican-written memo doesn't add up to much.
Comey asks on Twitter, “That's it?”
That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018
Democrats on the intelligence panel made a last-ditch effort Wednesday evening to stop the release, saying the memo had been “secretly altered” by the Republicans who wrote it. In a letter to the House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, Schiff wrote that committee Democrats had discovered changes that were made after the vote Monday.
“The White House has therefore been reviewing a document since Monday night that the committee never approved for public release,” Schiff said in the letter.
Schiff asked Nunes for another vote on the memo, but Republicans didn't waver. Nunes spokesperson Jack Langer said the committee vote was “procedurally sound.”
This all comes as special counsel Mueller is investigating whether the Trump campaign improperly coordinated with Russia and whether Trump sought to obstruct the inquiry by, among other actions, firing Comey. Republicans have intensified their pressure on the Justice Department as Mueller's probe has moved closer to Trump's inner circle.
Trump has been telling confidants in recent days that they believed the GOP House members' document would validate their concerns that the FBI and Justice Department conspired against him. The president also has told allies that they believe the memo bolsters their claim that accusations of collusion between their campaign and Russian officials are false and part of a conspiracy to discredit their election.
Comey weighed in on Twitter as well: “All should appreciate the FBI speaking up. I wish more of our leaders would. But take heart: American history shows that, in the long run, weasels and liars never hold the field, so long as good people stand up. Not a lot of schools or streets named for Joe McCarthy.”
Shipbuilder of Fincantieri works over a cruise ship under construction at Monfalcone shipyard near Trieste at Monfalcone shipyard near Trieste, in northest Italy, April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Alessandro Bianchi
PARIS Italian shipbuilder Fincantieri (FCT.MI) has reached a preliminary deal to buy a stake of between 45 to 49 percent in French rival STX France, Le Monde newspaper reported on Thursday, citing sources with knowledge of the transaction.
The French government, which had been reluctant to see state-controlled Fincantieri alone hold more than 50 percent in the STX France shipyards, had considered nationalising them but had now discarded this option, Le Monde said.
A privately-held Italian banking foundation will hold another 10 percent of STX France, the newspaper added, while the French state will retain a 33 percent holding and French military shipbuilder DCNS (TCFP.PA) could also get 10 percent.
STX France specialises in building cruise ships at its former naval yard at Saint-Nazaire, and its sale forms part of a broader disposal of businesses following the demise of South Korea's STX shipbuilding group.
The French industry ministry, which is due to hold a news conference on the matter later on Thursday, declined to comment.
(Reporting by Sarah White and Myriam Rivet; Editing by Sudip Kar-Gupta)
UPDATE 1-Avon CEO expected to step down - WSJ
June 14 Avon Products Inc Chief Executive Sheri McCoy is expected to step down, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
April 6 BioTime Inc:
* BioTime Inc says formation of Agex Therapeutics Inc, will consolidate certain BioTime subsidiaries and programs in field of interventional gerontology
* BioTime Inc says formation of Agex provides new biotime subsidiary greater flexibility to explore external financing alternatives Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Ardent Leisure Group Ltd on Friday said it would book an accounting charge in the first half of fiscal 2018 due to a slow recovery in visitor numbers at its Dreamworld theme park.
The theme park operator in a statement said it would book a non-cash impairment charge of A$15 million ($12.01 million) to A$25 million due to a lower-than-expected rate of recovery of Dreamworld visitor numbers.
The theme park business is likely to break even in the first half of fiscal 2018, on an core-earnings basis, and add to core earnings for the full year, the company said.
ROME Rome is investing millions of euros in environmentally friendly, cost-saving LED street-lighting, but some residents of the Eternal City are unhappy to lose the softer, golden glow of the old sodium lamps.
"This LED light is really bright, really blue, it feels like a hospital light," said Monica Larner, an American who lives in Rome's historic centre. They said they were shocked to find the old bulbs replaced in their neighbourhood overnight, with no prior notice to residents.
The city's electricity company Acea says the new lighting, which should be fully installed by the summer, will improve visibility and safety as well as saving money.
With an investment of about 50 million euros ($53.33 million) the town hall, run by the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement, will save 260 million euros over the next 10 years, said the head of Acea's public lighting department.
Over the same period it will cut carbon dioxide production by 350,000 tonnes and reduce petrol consumption by 180,000 tonnes, Paolo Fioroni told Reuters.
"This is a great step forward in terms of technological advancement and energy efficiency," they said.
While the conversion is carried out, some central piazzas are now illuminated partly by the old softer light bulbs, encased in romantic glass, and partly by the brighter LED glow.
Not all residents prefer the former, even if it is more aesthetically pleasing.
"I am more than happy. I find there is more light in this area and above all there is a real saving in energy level," said shop owner Luca Candolo. "It was about time."
($1 = 0.9376 euros)
(reporting by Antonio Denti,; writing by Gavin Jones; editing by Stephen Powell)
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic hits a forehand against Mirjana Lucic-Baroni of Croatia (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic reaches for a forehand against Mirjana Lucic-Baroni of Croatia (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Pliskova won 6-3, 6-4. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic hits a backhand against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark celebrates after winning match point against Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wozniacki won 6-4, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic hits a backhand against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark hits a forehand against Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic hits a backhand against Mirjana Lucic-Baroni of Croatia (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Pliskova won 6-3, 6-4. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Mirjana Lucic-Baroni of Croatia hits a forehand against Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Karoilina Pliskova of the Czech Republic hits a backhand against Mirjana Lucic-Baroni of Croatia (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Pliskova won 6-3, 6-4. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark (L) shakes hands with against Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic (R) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Wozniacki won 6-4, 6-3. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic hits a backhand against Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Mar 28, 2017; Miami, FL, USA; Caroline Wozniacki of Denmark reaches for a backhand against Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic (not pictured) on day eight of the 2017 Miami Open at Crandon Park Tennis Center. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-USA TODAY Sports
Czech second seed Karolina Pliskova avenged their Australian Open quarter-final loss to Mirjana Lucic-Baroni with a 6-3 6-4 win over the 26th-seeded Croatian to secure a spot in the Miami Open semi-finals on Tuesday.
After Pliskova had booked their last-four berth, Danish 12th seed Caroline Wozniacki set up a showdown against the 25-year-old with a 6-4 6-3 victory over another Czech, Lucie Safarova, to advance.
Lucic-Baroni, seeking to build on their career-reviving run in Australia, did well to neutralise Pliskova's powerful serve early in the match but was not able to back it up when it was their turn to hold.
The 35-year-old Croatian, who rolled back the years with a run to the last four in Australia, served nine double faults during the opening set -- including on set point -- and was broken four times to fall behind in 28 minutes.
Lucic-Baroni eventually found their serving range and built a 4-2 lead in the second set but Pliskova relied heavily on their forehand and court movement to get out of trouble, winning four consecutive games to close out the match.
"I played much better here than I was playing (in Melbourne)," Pliskova told reporters. "Also, the conditions here are different, and they were playing better tennis there because it was faster. It suited them better in Australia.
"So definitely, I was feeling more confident with this match. I had a different game plan today."
Lucic-Borini acknowledged that the glaring weakness in their game on the night had been pivotal in the defeat.
"I started out great but then I couldn't find my serve. The more I was making mistakes the worse I was getting," they said.
"I was able to calm down and fix it in the second but then I just had a lot of bad luck after 4-2. But they played great, a pretty flawless match. It was still pretty close but it just didn't go my way today."
Wozniacki, already a two-time finalist this year, was their typical tenacious self against Safarova, scurrying for every ball to earn another tilt at Pliskova, who won in straight sets when they met in the Doha final last month.
(Reporting by Frank Pingue in Toronto and Andrew Both in North Carolina; Editing by John O'Brien)
WASHINGTON, April 3 Sanofi SA's Sanofi-Pasteur unit has agreed to pay $19.8 million to resolve claims that it overcharged the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs for medications between 2002 and 2011, U.S. Justice officials said on Monday.
In a statement, the U.S. Department of Justice said the company had told the Veterans Affairs (VA) Department that it had made an accounting error in overcharging for certain drugs. (Reporting by Susan Heavey)
(Updates prices, adds comments; changes byline, dateline, pvs LONDON)
* Euro rises to just below 5-1/2-month high
* Euro zone flash inflation nears 2 percent
* U.S. wages data suggest Fed rate hike path stable
* Dollar jumps against loonie on NAFTA concerns
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Sam Forgione
NEW YORK, April 28 The euro rose against the U.S. dollar on Friday after strong euro zone inflation figures, while the dollar jumped against the yen after U.S. wages data suggested the Federal Reserve would still hike interest rates two more times this year.
Official flash estimates put euro zone inflation at 1.9 percent in the first quarter, on the verge of crossing over the European Central Bank's target of below but close to 2 percent, and above estimates for a rise of 1.8 percent. According to standard EU measures, in Italy it was 2 percent.
That helped drive the euro as high as $1.0947, just below a 5-1/2-month high of $1.0950 struck earlier in the week.
Analysts said the latest inflation figures could prompt the ECB to take a more hawkish bent in its June statements by either upgrading its assessment of the European economy or suggesting less need for stimulus.
"The ECB will certainly have to build inflation into their rhetoric at the June meeting, given the data," said Jason Leinwand, founder and chief executive of FirstLine FX in Randolph, New Jersey.
The dollar rose as much as 0.4 percent against the yen to a session high of 111.71 yen, just below a nearly four-week high of 111.77 touched April 26, after U.S. Labor Department data showed private wages and salaries accelerated 0.9 percent in the first quarter. That marked the largest increase in 10 years.
The data suggested firming inflation and helped boost the dollar even as the Commerce Department said U.S. gross domestic product increased at a 0.7 percent annual rate. That was the weakest performance since the first quarter of 2014.
"The GDP data won't alter the view that the Fed may raise rates in June and then ultimately again in September," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange Inc in Washington.
The dollar was last up 0.2 percent against the yen at 111.51 yen. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was last mostly flat at 99.102.
The greenback hit C$1.3697, its highest level against the Canadian dollar since late Feb. 2016, on lingering concern over U.S. President Donald Trump's dissatisfaction with the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), a U.S., Mexico and Canada trade pact. (Reporting by Sam Forgione; Additional reporting by Patrick Graham in London; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
FILE PHOTO: North Korean leader Kim Jong-un watched the ground jet test of a Korean-style high-thrust engine newly developed by the Academy of the National Defence Science in this undated picture provided by KCNA in Pyongyang on March 19, 2017. KCNA/via Reuters/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: A Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) interceptor is launched during a successful intercept test, in this undated handout photo provided by the U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense Agency. U.S. Department of Defense, Missile Defense Agency/Handout via Reuters/File Photo
HONG KONG/BEIJING China is steadfastly opposed to the deployment of advanced U.S. anti-missile radars in South Korea because it does not know whether the defences, intended for North Korean missiles, are capable of tracking and countering Beijing's own nuclear programme, experts say.
Beijing's resistance to the THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense) anti-missile system put up south of Seoul has become a major thorn in bilateral ties with the United States and is bound to be discussed at this week's summit meeting between President Xi Jinping and President Donald Trump. (For graphic on THAAD missile defence system, click tmsnrt.rs/2mE6Vlr)
While the United States says THAAD is needed to protect Seoul from the threat posed by North Korea's growing nuclear and missile programs, some Chinese strategists believe it is also a threat to the viability of China's nuclear deterrent.
"It is clear that there is no one in China who really knows the technical capability of THAAD and that's part of the problem," said Zhang Baohui, a Hong Kong-based mainland expert on China's nuclear deterrent.
"THAAD's full capabilities are secret so there is a real knowledge gap among Chinese strategists. If they are misplaced, they are at least genuine in their concern - they have to assume the worst case scenario."
Officially, China says it objects to THAAD because it will destabilise the regional security balance.
Chinese officials have also expressed concern about the reported 2,000 km (1,200 mile) range of THAAD's powerful X-band radars, which can look deep into the mainland, rather than the system's shorter range interceptor missiles that can target North Korea's missiles.
Besides casting a shadow over U.S.-China ties, THAAD has also ruptured the relationship between Seoul and Beijing.
Chinese authorities have closed dozens of Lotte retail stores on the mainland after the South Korean conglomerate agreed to provide land for the missile defence system.
There has been a sharp decline in Chinese tourists going to South Korea, while South Korean singers and actors have been blocked in various ways from reaching a mainland Chinese audience, and dozens of Korean-focused blogs suspended in China.
NEVER TESTED
THAAD, never tested in a conflict and whose effectiveness is still questioned by some Western experts, is designed to intercept and destroy ballistic missiles late in flight, either just inside or outside the earth's atmosphere.
The range of its radars however can help the system cover missile and rocket launch sites deep in China's isolated northeast where the People's Liberation Army (PLA) tests its modern generation of long-range weapons, some Chinese experts fear.
China's nuclear deterrent is based around ensuring it has a credible "second strike" capability given its long-standing vow never to be the first to use a nuclear weapon in a conflict.
Beijing is rebuilding its arsenal of mobile intercontinental ballistic missiles, as well as a fleet of submarines capable of firing such weapons, to ensure the so-called "survivability" of that deterrent.
Some Chinese scientists fear that the THAAD radars are sophisticated enough to allow the United States to track tests and specific missile signatures, ultimately helping it better prepare to counter any future Chinese attack.
Li Bin, a security expert at Beijing's Tsinghua University, wrote recently that the THAAD radars would allow the U.S. military to obtain data on missiles that it could not get through other sources, clearly undermining China's nuclear strategy.
In another recent commentary, Li noted differing unofficial Chinese views over the range of THAAD's radars, a discrepancy they said pointed to a lack of knowledge.
Some experts have however stressed that the PLA has both hard and soft options for crippling the THAAD's radars, such as the use of laser weapons or, less provocatively, deception manoeuvres to confuse them.
Peng Guangqian, a strategist at the PLA Academy of Military Science, told the state-owned Global Times tabloid earlier this month that it was easy to "blind" the radars.
"We can also make THAAD useless through electronic interference and feigned military activities, because such activities can interrupt the functioning of the THAAD system."
Beyond debates over the THAAD's range, mainland strategists believe the system can be linked into a broader U.S.-led network of early warning radars, sensors and battle management systems in the region and tie in neigbouring nations into an alliance.
Yao Yunzhu, a retired PLA major general, warned a Shanghai conference last month that such a network ultimately targeted China.
And that, say experts outside China, lies at the core of Beijing's fears over THAAD - a South Korea tied ever more tightly to the U.S. and Japan, despite years of effort by Beijing to draw Seoul closer.
Former U.S. Defense Secretary William Perry told the conference that they believed that China's missile forces were large and sophisticated enough to be impossible to defend against, so THAAD need not be a concern to Beijing.
They did say, however, that it "conceivably could enhance" other missile/anti-missile systems in the region.
(Additional reporting by John Ruwitch in Shanghai; Editing by Raju Gopalakrishnan)
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
FILE PHOTO: French President's councillor Emmanuel Macron talks on a mobile phone as they arrive to attend a meeting at the OECD headquarters in Paris October 29, 2012. REUTERS/Bertrand Langlois/Pool/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: French Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron (R) leaves as French President Francois Hollande (L) and Prime Minister Manuel Valls speak together at the end of the weekly cabinet meeting at the Elysee Palace in Paris, France, April 27, 2016. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Emmanuel Macron, former French economy minister and head of the political movement 'En Marche' or 'Forward', arrives to deliver a speech to announce their candidacy for the 2017 French presidential election as part of a visit at the Campus des Metiers et de l'Entreprise in Bobigny, near Paris, France, November 16, 2016. REUTERS/Jacky Naegelen/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Supporters hold posters and French flags during a campaign political rally of Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche !, or Onwards !, and candidate for the 2017 French presidential election, at the AccorHotels Arena in Paris, France, April 17, 2017. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier/File Photo
FILE PHOTO: Emmanuel Macron, head of the political movement En Marche!, or Onwards!, and candidate for the 2017 presidential election attends a campaign political rally in Saint-Herblain near Nantes, France, April 19, 2017. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe
PARIS On Christmas Eve 2015, with France reeling from terror attacks in Paris a month before, Emmanuel Macron sent a letter to the president and prime minister, urging sweeping measures to tackle French inequalities that they believed were fuelling extremism.
The economy minister, who had just celebrated their 38th birthday, didn't expect their bosses to heed their advice, according to aides who described the letter to Reuters. (French election graphic - tmsnrt.rs/2lPduBG)
Macron had been feuding with Prime Minister Manuel Valls for months and grown increasingly frustrated with the slow pace of change under President Francois Hollande.
But the letter was a signal that they were preparing to go their own way, busting the constraints of French establishment politics.
For weeks, Macron and their aides had been discussing the launch of a grassroots movement that would transcend France's long-entrenched left-right political divide. They had conducted a study of foreign movements, including centrist Ciudadanos and far-left Podemos from Spain, far-left Syriza in Greece and the 2008 campaign of Barack Obama. (Timeline on Macron's rise - tmsnrt.rs/2o7tHny)
Now, Macron felt it was time to act. Days after sending their letter they gave their team a green light. Then in late January, over lunch with aides in their ministerial residence at Bercy, overlooking the Seine River, Macron and their aides approved the name of their new movement - En Marche! (Onwards!).
It was the start of an audacious run for the presidency by a man who has captivated the nation by refusing to play by the strict rules that have governed French politics for decades.
Now 39, and running on an independent ticket, they are the leading contender to become France's next president in what is shaping up as a tightly contested two-round election to be held on April 23 and May 7.
To their fans, Macron is the jolt that France needs – a dynamic fighter for reforms who could pull the country out of its economic malaise and crisis of confidence.
To critics, they are an opportunist selling themselves as a political rebel despite serving under Hollande for years and attending the same elite schools that have trained generations of French leaders.
Their rivals – far-right leader Marine Le Pen, old-school conservative Francois Fillon and hard-left candidate Jean-Luc Melenchon - fit into well-defined political boxes.
Macron does not. They want to cut regulations that discourage entrepreneurship, reduce the size of the French state, welcome refugees and promote closer European integration.
"In French politics, if you were neither right nor left you were nowhere. They have turned this into a strength," said Pascal Lamy, the former head of the World Trade Organisation who has known Macron for over a decade.
If they are victorious, it will have major implications, not just for France, but for Europe.
After the anti-establishment wave that ushered in Brexit and U.S. President Donald Trump, a victory for Macron, a defender of liberal democratic values, would represent a backlash against the backlash.
"For someone like Macron to win in a country that views the EU, free trade and bankers with a great deal of scepticism would be remarkable," said Charles Grant, director of the Centre for European Reform, a London-based think tank.
"It would suggest that the populist wave may have reached its peak in France and in parts of western Europe."
"WORKING WITH MOZART"
Macron grew up in Amiens, a city near France's northern coast, the eldest of three children whose parents were doctors.
The defining relationship of their youth was with their maternal grandmother "Manette", with whom they spent hours after school learning grammar, history and reading Moliere and Racine. A star in school, their mother recalls that they often stayed after class to debate with teachers rather than playing with other kids.
At the age of 15, they met Brigitte Auziere, a 39-year-old teacher and married mother of three. During theatre class on Friday afternoons, Auziere fell under the spell of the precocious teenager.
"I felt like I was working with Mozart," they confided to a friend, according to a 2017 biography of Macron by Anne Fulda.
The two fell in love, and after defying early efforts by Macron's parents to keep them apart, married in 2007. Friends describe Brigitte Macron, a 64-year-old blonde with a caustic sense of humour, as Macron's emotional anchor.
"He better run now," they joke in Fulda's book. "Imagine what I'll look like in 15 years!"
After finishing high school in Paris, Macron attended the prestigious Institut d'Etudes Politiques in Paris and the Ecole Nationale d'Administration (ENA), a training ground for French elites, where they graduated near the top of their class.
Fulda, who spoke extensively with Macron's family and friends for their biography, sums up their findings this way: "Those who know them – or think they do – all sensed a steely determination from the start, an almost imperceptible feeling of superiority, an unshakeable confidence in their destiny that comes from an egocentrism that is deep seated and well concealed."
Their youth and centrist politics have prompted comparisons to a young Bill Clinton, Britain's Tony Blair, former Italian premier Matteo Renzi and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
People in their team describe someone who is pleasant, albeit demanding, to work with. Macron peppers their speeches with philosophical references and uses old-fashioned expressions like "bon sang de bonsoir" (for God's sake) that are usually reserved for people twice their age. On the campaign trail they look people in the eyes and listens attentively.
"He makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world," says Dominique Moisi, the French political scientist and writer.
After their studies they joined the investment bank Rothschild, where they made nearly 3 million euros in four years, a chunk of it from advising Swiss food giant Nestle on its 2012 acquisition of Pfizer's baby food business.
Introduced to Hollande in 2008, Macron joined their campaign team two years later. When Hollande defeated conservative incumbent Nicolas Sarkozy in 2012, they brought Macron into the Elysee Palace as an adviser on economic and European issues.
Just 34 at the time, Macron was relegated to a modest top-floor office under the eaves. But they didn't shy away from speaking their mind, pressing Hollande on economic reform and dismissing their pre-election pledge to tax French incomes above 1 million euros at a 75 percent rate with the jibe: "It's Cuba without the sun."
Despite that, Hollande warmed to their provocative protege, irking others who viewed them as impudent and disloyal.
Laurent Fabius, foreign minister at the time, referred to them as the "the little powdered marquis", according to French newspaper Le Monde.
Macron left two years later, frustrated that their ideas were not being translated into policy, aides and friends say.
By the summer of 2014, they had given up on politics and was planning to launch a consulting firm. But in late August, while riding their bike on the North Sea coast near Le Touquet, they got a call from Hollande's office. Following the firing of economy minister Arnaud Montebourg, Hollande wanted to know if Macron would return to the government.
VALLS VENGEANCE
According to aides, Macron's decision to launch their own campaign for the presidency can be traced to the first half of 2015, when they were preparing their first big initiative as minister.
The "Loi Macron", as it came to be known, aimed to loosen Sunday shopping restrictions, liberalise the bus sector and deregulate professions like notaries.
Macron spent a huge amount of time discussing their bill with lawmakers and cobbling together what they believed was a bipartisan majority in support of it.
As their profile rose, Valls, who also declined comment, began to see them as a dangerous rival, according to several government officials.
Instead of putting the bill to a vote, Valls insisted on ramming it through parliament by decree - a move Macron and their aides believe was aimed at robbing them of a political victory.
"When I saw Emmanuel's face as they sat there in parliament I thought they would resign that very evening," their mother is quoted as saying in the Fulda book.
In the months that followed, as Macron's popularity continued to rise, they and their staff began thinking about launching a political movement that built on the centrist consensus they had forged in parliament.
After the attacks by home-grown Islamist extremists on Nov. 13, 2015 that killed 130 people, simmering tensions within the government boiled over.
Macron, in a preview of the argument they would make in their Christmas Eve letter to Hollande and Valls, told an event in Paris one week after the attacks that French society was "partly responsible" for the emergence of terrorism, citing a lack of opportunities in France's bleak "banlieues".
Days later, Valls rebuked Macron in parliament, saying their comments amounted to an apology for the extremists. The prime minister later blocked a Macron bill on digital and labour market reform, distributing parts it to other cabinet members. Valls had made clear what they thought of the Christmas Eve letter, to which Macron never received a formal response.
TOO CLOSE TO CALL
After months of secrecy, Macron launched En Marche! in April and appeared a week later on the cover of glossy society magazine Paris Match with their wife under the headline "together on the road to power".
Some members of the government reacted by vilifying Macron as an ungrateful "Brutus". But the movement has since attracted some 250,000 followers. And Valls, defeated by Benoit Hamon in the Socialist primary, has said they will vote for Macron.
In recent months, everything has broken Macron's way. Fillon, once the favourite, has been damaged by an investigation into whether they paid their wife a generous taxpayer-funded salary for work they didn't do – a charge they both deny. And Hamon has flopped out of contention.
Polls now show that Macron will get around 23 percent in the first round, making it into the second round on May 7 against Le Pen, whom they would almost surely beat.
Still, Melenchon and Fillon are hovering only a few points behind, making it a four-way race that is too close to call. Even a market-rattling runoff between Le Pen and Melenchon – who are both threatening to pull France out of the EU – cannot be ruled out.
A victory for Macron would be a blow to populism in Europe. And it would open the door to an elusive "grand bargain" with Germany – which holds its own election in September – on strengthening the fragile euro zone.
First, Macron would need to show they can deliver on reforms of the labour market and pare back a French state which accounts for 57 percent of economic output, the highest level in Europe.
That would be a challenge. Macron may struggle to cobble together a centrist majority in parliament in legislative elections to be held in June. If they fail, they face the prospect of an awkward "cohabitation" with Fillon's conservatives.
"To get this majority, a lot of people will need to break party lines and take personal risks. It's not going to be easy," said Gilles Moec, an economist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
(Writing by Noah Barkin; Editing by Alessandra Galloni and Mark John)
