Dozens enjoy Valentine's dinner at McDonald's in New Hanover County (Photo: Sarah Johnson/WWAY)
WILMINGTON, NC (WWAY) — It is Valentine's Day and love is all around. In fact, dozens of folks were “lovin' it” at the annual McDonald's Valentine's dinner event in New Hanover County.
Once a year a couple of select locations serve a special dinner, complete with wait staff who take orders and bring your food right to your table.
Dozens came out for the dinner at the McDonald's in Monkey Junction.
Families and couples alike came out to celebrate love.
Ted and Mari French have been together for 46 years.
“Oh it was great,” the couple said. “We've enjoyed it. We have friends with us. It's always good to go with couples that we love to be with. Yeah, we've had a great time. We'll have to do it again. Next year, we'll be sure to come back next year.”
This is the third year the Monkey Junction location has hosted a Valentine's dinner.
A McDonald's in Southport hosted its Valentine's dinner for the fifth year.
David Anderson, owner of the McDonald's Monkey Junction location, said the idea came from a McDonald's in a rural area where there were not many dining options on Valentine's Day.
Anderson added that the event is a good Valentine's option for families who may not be able to find a babysitter.
Bigg Boss 11: Priyank Sharma GF Divya Agarwal said YES to ENTER the HOUSE on this COST | FilmiBeat
During luxury budget task, the family members of the Bigg Boss 11 contestants visited the house. It was emotional moment for each contestant and their families as they met each other after a long time.
It was surprising for Priyank Sharma, as their ex-girlfriend, Divya Agarwal (instead of their family) visited the house. Read on to know as to why the makers chose Divya?
Divya Had Announced Them Break-up With Priyank As we had already revealed Divya Agarwal was upset that Priyank Sharma never mentioned them as their girlfriend and revealed about their exes to their housemates. Also, they were angry with Priyank's closeness with their inmate, Benafsha Soonawala. Divya Enters Bigg Boss 11 House After seeing Priyank's changing behaviour, Divya announced their break-up. The makers took advantage of this and decided to get Divya to the house during the luxury budget task. Bigg Boss 11 Makers Paid Divya, A Huge Amount! Initially, Divya was hesitant, but it was said that they couldn't say no to the makers. According to the latest report, Divya agreed to enter the house as they were given a whopping amount. Was Divya Paid A Whooping Amount To Create Drama? According to Indiatimes report, "Divya Agarwal was paid thrice the amount that is to be given to the contestants inside the house to create all that drama. Rumour has it that they denied coming inside the house, but when they were offered a huge sum of money, they agreed." Priyank & Divya Had Already Parted Ways! It has to be recalled that during the task, Divya announced their break-up in the house and Priyank was seen shattered. They were shocked and told Hina that they had already parted ways! Divya To Enter The House As Wild Card Entry! Now, there are also reports that Divya will be entering the show as a wild card entry! Well, it has to be seen as to how Priyank will react to their ex-girlfriend, Divya Agarwal's entry! Stay locked to this space for the latest updates of the show...
Bigg Boss 11: Nomination Task! Arshi Khan Takes REVENGE! Here's This Week's Nominations!
Asaram is accused of raping a teenage girl from Shahajahanpur of Uttar Pradesh, who was studying at their ashram at Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh.
Speaking to ABP News before the crucial judgement, Bora said, “I don't see Section 376 being applied in this particular case. The ingredient of 376 does not even fall in the victim's statement that has been recorded under section 164 of Cr.PC. They tried to fit in the 376 ingredient under section 161 Cr.P.C after coming to Jodhpur.”
The senior lawyer had cross-examined the victim and their family in the past. They questioned, “if such a heinous crime took place, how the victim could send and received SMSes immediately after the alleged incident.”
They further said that the police conceived a call record and was used as defence. “There were certain people who had conspired against Asaram. Among them was a teacher who sent them those smses.”
Bora had also represented Salman Khan in the 1998 blackbuck case in which the actor secured bail. The lawyer had allegedly received threats from Ravi Pujari, a fugitive gangster, asking them to drop the case. Asaram and Salman were lodged in the same jail. The godman while being brought to the court during a hearing had told reporters that the actor has assured them of "quitting smoking and reducing caffeine intake."
If convicted, Asaram could be jailed for a maximum sentence of 10 years
Earlier this month, Judge Madhu Sudan Sharma of the Jodhpur court heard the final arguments from the prosecution and defence counsel and reserved the order for April 25.
As per the directions of the Rajasthan High Court, the trial court will deliver its verdict in the case in Jodhpur Central Jail premises.The victim had alleged that Asaram had called them to their ashram in Manai area near Jodhpur and raped them on the night of August 15, 2013.
Asaram, in jail since August 31, 2013, was charged under relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, and the Scheduled Castes and Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act.
Meanwhile, security stepped up around victim's house in Shahjahanpur. The Centre has also asked Rajasthan, Gujarat and Haryana to tighten security and deploy additional forces in sensitive places ahead of the verdict.
(With additional information from PTI) For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
New Delhi: Asaram Bapu's lawyer Mahesha Bora is confident of their client's acquittal on Wednesday. The verdict in a rape case in which the self-styled godman is embroiled in will be delivered by a Jodhpur court.
Before stepping into their Chevrolet Agile at 9.04pm, Marielle Franco had just done what they did best: Fire up a room.
"Let's do this," the 38-year-old politician with the cascading Afro had said as they wrapped up a speech at Rio's House of Black Women calling for black empowerment.
Brazil needed it, they said. Across this troubled metropolis, police brutality and extrajudicial killings were ravaging the slums. Elected last year as the only black woman on Rio's 51-member city council, they had gone after those responsible while reframing the debate in an uncomfortable new way.
In a society that has long seen itself as post-racial, Franco argued, the slaughter was not just a war on the poor. It was also a war on blacks.
Advertisement
Thirty minutes after their meeting, two vehicles approached their white Chevy. "Huh?" they said, according to the testimony of an aide riding in their car, as gunfire crackled. Then nine police-issue bullets bored into her, including four shots to the head.
But if the point was to silence a fast-rising black politician who had taken on corrupt police officers, Franco's apparent assassination has done the opposite.
In the days since, Latin America's largest nation has watched in awe as a figure once little known outside Rio has been transformed into a global symbol of racial oppression.
Franco has been honoured on the floor of the European Parliament. Crowds have protested against their killing and celebrated their life on the streets of New York, London, Paris, Munich, Stockholm and Lisbon. A vigil will be held for them in Madrid tomorrow.
"Marielle Presente" (Marielle Is Here) has garnered millions of mentions on Twitter and Facebook. From Berlin to Miami to Montreal, mourners who never heard of Franco before last week are borrowing a line from the Black Lives Matter movement: #SayHerName.
"COME ON BRAZIL STAND UP," tweeted the British model Naomi Campbell.
But at home, their death is being viewed in divergent ways, underscoring the racial divisions that many Brazilians contend do not exist here.
Them killers have not been caught. But the federal prosecutors' office in Rio says that the evidence, including the highly professional execution, points to a hit by corrupt police officers. The bullets, authorities say, also came from police ammunition stocks. A spokesperson for the civil police would not comment beyond saying the investigation is ongoing.
#PHOTO | @katyperry with Marielle Franco's sister and daughter, Anielle and Luyara Franco, tonight in Rio de Janeiro #MariellePresente pic.twitter.com/wPMOyYrMmf — Katy Perry Updates (@katyspics) March 19, 2018
I'm still in shock - numb - horrified by the murder of #MarielleFranco https://t.co/vLuUz4R8Ev — Thandie Newton (@thandienewton) March 19, 2018
In some circles, particularly within Brazil's white elite, the killing is being viewed as a heinous act driving home the problem of runaway graft and violence in a city that has long served as the face of Brazil. But it is not being seen as an issue of race.
"Her bloodshed can't be used as an opportune moment to talk about hate," said Ana Amelia, a Rio state senator, who is white. "When you talk about a black-white divide, you are contributing to this division."
But some black and left-wing activists here call that attitude part of the problem. They say it reflects a belief system that pretends race is unrelated to the disproportionate violence suffered by Brazilians of colour - especially at the hands of law enforcement.
Underpaid and under pressure, police here are also under threat: At least 120 officers were killed in 2017, including many in confrontations with drug traffickers, according to the Rio-based Igarapé Institute. But last year, 1124 people died at the hands of police, the highest number in a decade, the institute reports. In recent years, nearly 80 per cent of those killed by police were black or mixed-race.
White male politicians here have also sought to bring corrupt police officers to justice. But Franco was targeted, their backers insist, because taking the life of a black woman is less risky in Brazil, especially in a state where only 1 in 10 homicide cases results in a conviction.
As a black, left-wing lesbian, Franco represented an intersection of movements that are coalescing as a result of their slaying. And tens of thousands of Brazilians of every colour have taken to the streets in the aftermath of their death.
Why tens of thousands of Brazilians are protesting over the murder of Rio councilwoman, Marielle Franco. pic.twitter.com/GPl1TCC4Ix — Al Jazeera English (@AJEnglish) March 19, 2018
Yet some hope that the killing will mark a turning point for black activism - a concept that has struggled to take off in Brazil. The storm of outrage is also already carrying more overt racial overtones than Brazilians are used to, including a flurry of tweets under the hashtag #genocidionegro (#blackgenocide).
"A black woman was speaking out and calling for rights, and they were killed because they could be," said Rubia Augusta Gomes, a 38-year-old Afro-Brazilian dancer who yesterday joined thousands at a march in the violence-ridden Rio slum of Mare, where Franco was born and raised. Some wore stickers proclaiming "Militancy in the name of Mariella."
"It is time to speak out," Gomes said. "It is time to talk about race, because we are the ones suffering."
Thus far, though, few of the protests held in Franco's name have been strictly about race. And there has been little sign of a broader backlash brewing in the densely packed slums, which, for the most part, are not considered hotbeds of political activism.
A 25-year-old Afro-Brazilian nurse attending a "Black Genocide" protest in downtown Rio last week said they longed for a larger, more politicised movement. A few hundred people, including left-wing and gay activists, were at the rally, compared with the thousands who have turned out for more general protests.
The nurse declined to give their name, citing fear of police retribution.
"Why am I afraid?" they said. "Because I'm a black woman, and my life is worth nothing here."
Thousands gather during a protest against the death of councillor Marielle Franco, who was gunned down, in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Photo / AP
Racism in Brazil: A complex history
The country imported four million slaves, more than 10 times the number brought to the United States. In the United States, intermixing of races was discouraged. But in Brazil, where Portuguese settlers were outnumbered by their slaves, it was endorsed as a way to "whiten" the population.
Miscegenation soon became a cornerstone of national identity, with 53 per cent of Brazilians now seeing themselves fluidly as black or mixed-race.
"In Brazil, you bump up against this narrative of racial mixture, that black identity or white identity is an import - that the concept of racism was imported by Americans," said Glen Goodman, professor of Brazilian studies at the University of Illinois at Urbana- Champaign.
Critics say that the myth of a post-racial Brazil silences conversations about deep-rooted discrimination and violence.
The numbers, they say, speak for themselves. Every day, 112 blacks or mixed-race Brazilians are killed, according to the Igarapé Institute. They make up 54 per cent of the national population, yet 71 per cent of all homicides. Between 2005 and 2015, the proportion of blacks and mixed-raced Brazilians killed rose by 18 per cent while dropping by 12 per cent for whites.
Franco was a rarity in Brazilian politics: A powerful black woman.
After their childhood in Mare, they took night classes to earn their high school diploma. They gained a full scholarship to the Pontifical Catholic University of Rio, where they were one of two black women studying sociology.
After a close friend was killed by a stray bullet during a shootout between police and traffickers in 2006, they muscled their way into Rio's political scene, a sphere dominated by white men despite the city's ethnic diversity. They were the only black woman on Rio's city council in a country where there are no black members in the Cabinet.
In 2008, Franco was part of an investigative committee looking into Rio militias made up of former police officers and private security officers that routinely extorted residents for access to gas, cable TV and transportation. The committee found that 118 militias were operating in the city. It indicted 226 people, including 67 police officers.
Franco was also a fierce critic of Rio's 41st police battalion, known as the death brigade for the killing and shooting of black youth - and they routinely publicised those killings.
The day before their death, they mourned the loss of Matheus Melo, a young black favela resident who was shot while coming out of a church with their girlfriend, just the latest victim of the multifront conflict among drug traffickers, militias and police in Rio state that has left casualties on all sides.
"How many more people need to die before this war ends?" Franco tweeted.
THESSALONIKI, Greece (AP) — Russian authorities have sent a new extradition request to Greece for a Russian cybercrime suspect also sought on criminal charges by the U.S. and France.
Alexander Vinnik, 38, a former bitcoin platform operator, was informed of the new Russian request by Thessaloniki court officials Wednesday, and is not contesting it.
Russia initially sought Vinnik on lesser fraud charges. The new request raises the amount allegedly involved to 750 million rubles ($12 million).
Greece's supreme court has already approved Vinnik's extradition to the United States for allegedly laundering billions of dollars using the virtual currency. Vinnik had fought that decision.
Advertisement
Another court ruled for their extradition to Russia based on the first request. France wants them on charges including cybercrime and money laundering.
Greece's justice minister will rule on the requests.
by
The community is invited to the annual “Feast of Love” dinner at First United Methodist Church on Christmas afternoon, Monday, Dec. 25, at 1 p.m. Any and all that wish to feel the warmth of the season and the best sense of our community are welcome.
First organized in 1984 by Yvonne Arrowood, the feast brings the folks at First Methodist and a score of neighbors from throughout the county to open their doors and hearts on a winter's day to provide nourishment for body and soul. Assuring that on a day of celebration, no-one need feel alone. For more than three decades now, it has been a special tradition both for those that come to the meal and for the volunteers to enjoy the fellowship of their neighbors and friends.
Dinner includes roast turkey, vegetables with all the trimmings and enough pies and desserts, (even a birthday cake for the special occasion), to make the celebration complete. Singing and festive cheer abound as is an honest chance to witness that Chestertown isn't just a small town but really one big family.
Reservations are not required, but anyone interested in coming please call (410)778-2977, so the organizers know how many to expect. (Additionally, if you know anyone that needs to be personally invited or picked up, the church can try to make transportation available for them with advance notice.) The church is located at High & Mill Street in downtown Chestertown and the entrance for the dinner is on the Mill Street side of the church.
If you would like to volunteer, you can email feastoflovedinner@gmail.com or sign up at here with the hostname: “arrowood” and log in: “1225”.
Thanks in advance to the Fish Whistle, Dixon Valve & Coupling, Theresa Smith, Janet Sigler and Lapp Family Bakeries for their help with the meal.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Styrene Monomer (SM) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Styrene Monomer (SM) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Styrolution, Lyondell Basell, FCFC, SADAF, Shell, Americas Styrenics, Americas Styrenics, Jubail Chevron, Asahi Kasei, LG Chemical, Pars Petrochemical, ENI, Lotte Chemical, Idemitsu, NIPPON STEEL & SUMIKIN CHEMICAL, Westlake Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Styrene Monomer (SM) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-styrene-monomer-sm-market/10348/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Styrene Monomer (SM) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Styrene Monomer (SM) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Styrene Monomer (SM) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Styrene Monomer (SM). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Styrene Monomer (SM) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Ethylbenzene Dehydrogenation Method, Ethylbenzene Oxidation Method.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Synthetic Resin, Ion Exchange Resin, Synthetic Rubber.
Key Highlights Of The Styrene Monomer (SM) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-styrene-monomer-sm-market/10348/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Styrene Monomer (SM) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Styrene Monomer (SM) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Styrene Monomer (SM) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Source: TV Insider
Braun Strowman spoke with TV Insider on a number of wrestling topics. Here are some of the highlights:
"That is one of my most special matches to date. To go out there and do what Big Show and I did together. I will go out on a limb and say you will never see anything like that again in this business. That's because there are no more men like us in this business. We are the last of a dying breed. I'm keeping the big man alive in the business and evolving it into what you are seeing now with the Braun Strowman character. I showed the world a glimpse, because you guys have only seen a glimpse of what I'm capable of doing. It was a big moment for me going out there and having that kind of match with Big Show."
Relationship with Vince McMahon:
"Vince has been adamant that everything I do be spot-on, and when it's not, I know. That's part of the reason I take pride in what I do and give 100 percent of what I am capable of giving. That's because I know that not only are there millions of fans watching to make sure I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing, but the boss themselves is watching, too.  They are so hands-on and wants me to be a peak performance at all times."
Fatal 4-Way Match at SummerSlam:
"Just to share the ring with guys like Brock [Lesnar], [Samoa] Joe and [Roman] Reigns. They have all been doing this a lot longer than I have. They have been around the world and done it all. To be able to be in the main event of SummerSlam, about two years to the day when I debuted on Monday Night Raw. If that doesn't speak for itself. I don't know what does. ...Everyone can look forward to me holding the Universal Championship over my head at the end of it."
You can read the full interview by clicking here.
Follow Joshua Gagnon on Twitter at @HeelDoors. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Rainsy exile order lifted, but ex-CNRP leader hints their return is dependent on pardon
The Council of Ministers yesterday ended the ban on the return of former opposition leader Sam Rainsy, an apparent reaction to the latter's comments the night before on a radio broadcast vowing to come back if the restrictions were dropped.
Rainsy had been in self-imposed exile since November 2015 after a warrant for their arrest was issued. Their exile was formalised – despite apparent constitutional hurdles – by an October 2016 directive from the Council of Ministers banning their re-entry and airlines from allowing them to board flights to Cambodia.
Border crossings and other ports of entry were put on alert to prevent Rainsy's return. Since they first went into exile after the resurrection of a two-year prison sentence for 2008 defamation case filed by then-Foreign Minister Hor Namhong, Rainsy has received a flurry of other convictions and charges.
The Council of Ministers announced the end of the ban in a new directive sent yesterday to National Police Chief Neth Savoeun and the head of the Interior Ministry's Immigration Department Sok Phal, asking that the letter banning Rainsy's entry be cancelled on the orders of Prime Minister Hun Sen.
“The government has decided to cancel the 12th October, 2016, letter of the Council of Ministers on the case of Sam Rainsy,” the letter reads.
CNRP Deputy President Mu Sochua welcomed the move. “Any measure taken to respect the constitutional rights of Sam Rainsy as a Cambodian citizen is welcomed. They have a right to come back,” they said.
In a Tuesday night interview with Radio Free Asia, Rainsy had called on Hun Sen to allow airlines to bring them back to the country, saying they wanted to take on the premier in next year's national elections.
“Please, Mr Hun Sen, be brave and do not prevent me from competing with you like boxers [in a ring],” Rainsy said on air with RFA's Chun Chanboth.
Asked if they would return even if they weren't pardoned of their multiple convictions, Rainsy seemed to skirt the question. “I agree to go to [Cambodia] when there is a guarantee that paves the way for me to return, to walk on Cambodian land. I will go immediately,” they said.
However, speaking to The Post prior to the June 4 commune elections, Rainsy said that their exile was unfair and that they would return to Cambodia if the ban was lifted.
“If the unconstitutional government ban forbidding all airlines companies from carrying me to Cambodia is lifted I will be in my native country in a matter of hours,” Rainsy said in an email on May 22.
Reached yesterday, Rainsy would only say that they would return after the removal of all “obstacles” that had been put in place “illegally or unfairly” to prevent their participation in any elections.
CPP spokesperson Sok Eysan yesterday pointed to Rainsy's insinuation of the premier's cowardice in their RFA interview and said that the lifting of the ban would show which party was really scared.
“He [the prime minister] wants to show Sam Rainsy's lie to the people. And whether Sam Rainsy dares to return to the homeland or not,” Eyan said.
Phal, the Immigration Department chief, said they had received the letter and that they would implement it, but said that any questions relating specifically to the airline ban should be directed to the State Secretariat for Civil Aviation. The aviation body's Mao Havannal could not be reached yesterday.
Cham Bunteth, political commentator and adviser to the Grassroots Democracy Party, said it was evident the government was calling Rainsy's bluff.
“The lifting of the ban is a test from the government to see if they have the courage to come back,” Bunteth said. “But I don't think they will ever come back without a pardon.”
While testing Rainsy's resolve, Bunteth said the prime minister would probably not allow the former opposition leader to enter the country prior to next year's elections given the political fillip they gave the CNRP following their return two weeks shy of the national elections in July 2013.
The election brought the CPP the closest it has to losing a majority in the National Assembly. “The prime minister must have learned their lesson,” Bunteth said.
Esko presents a comprehensive Eye Protection Guide for business owners and workers. The company helps its customers find the most appropriate eyewear.
[NEW PLYMOUTH, 03/01/2018] – From its collection of resources, Esko – a leading provider of safety products and apparel, presents a comprehensive Eye Protection Guide that explains the importance of eye safety to business owners and workers. The company gives its customers a list of things to consider when choosing the most appropriate safety eyewear.
The Eye Protection Guide
The eyes are some of the most sensitive parts of the human body. Workplace accidents put the eyes and vision at risk and could result in permanent damage. To remind business owners and workers about the significance of eye protection, Esko created the Eye Protection Guide.
Esko discusses the average statistics of eye injuries in New Zealand, the potential risks in the workplace, the minimum standard for safety as well as desired features of eye safety protection. For more information regarding eye injuries, treatment, and prevention, Esko recommends reading the Danger: Eyes at Work resource from WorkSafe New Zealand.
Selecting the Most Appropriate Safety Eyewear
At Esko, they provide modern yet functional eye protection products that are manufactured to prevent injuries. The company recommends that customers consider the following factors when it comes to choosing their eyewear:
• Lens Colour
• Impact Resistance
• UV Rating
• Foam Seal
• Goggle Style
All safety eyewear from Esko prevents at least 99 percent of harsh UV rays from damaging the eyes. The Magnum and Panther ranges, however, block 100 percent.
About Esko
Esko takes pride in being New Zealand's own premium safety products brand. The company designs their products to protect workers from some of the most challenging industries: manufacturing, marine, industrial, civil, automotive and agricultural. They value customer satisfaction and work tirelessly to provide efficient service at all times.
For more information about Esko Safety and other product enquiries, visit their website at https://www.eskosafety.com.
Colliers India NCR Facilities Management (FM) Team further strengthened its market position by securing a project with Tata Housing. This latest Property Management project for Tata called ‘Gurgaon Gateway' located at sector 112, Gurgaon is ~8,50,000 sq.ft. The ‘Gurgaon Gateway' project sets a new benchmark for luxurious living and modern architecture and has an incredible amount of green cover inspired by the Hanging Gardens of Babylon.
Colliers International India has been managing multiple residential projects of Tata, across India. In a very short span of time, the Colliers FM team has proven its capabilities and through continuous service excellence, the team has managed to acquire the Gurgaon Gateway project as well.
“Our market intelligence, expertise and drive to work towards consistent improvement on service delivery has enabled us to grow with our existing clients and increase our clientele. We are confident to further nurture our expertise and aim to set a new standard of Facilities Management, not just in NCR, but across India”, said Jaswant Singh I Director (NCR) I Facilities Management I Colliers International India.
Dear PAO,
I bought a piece of real property in a hilly village in Antipolo City. In 2012, I started to construct our family home on it and my family and I moved there in early 2013. A year ago, the owners of a lot beside our house started their own construction of a house. Our property occupies a higher level than my neighbor's. As a consequence, rainwater slides from my property to theirs. One rainy afternoon, my neighbor complained to me about how much rainwater goes to their property. I told them that I built our house there first and that they should have gotten a smarter architect and engineer if they wanted to avoid such problem. They told me that they will file a case against me if only to compel me to build a gutter so that water will not overflow into their property. Can they really sue me? Thanks!
Alpha
Dear Alpha,
Based on the facts you have narrated, it is erroneous for your neighbor to sue you precisely because you appear to be the dominant estate whereas your neighbor is considered as the servient estate who is bound by the legal provisions under our New Civil Code (NCC) on legal easements.
To be sure, legal easements are those specifically enumerated in the Title on Easements and have the effect of burdening one's use, control and possession of a particular property, to wit:
“Art. 634. Easements imposed by law have for their object either public use or the interest of private persons. (549)
x x x x
Art. 636. Easements established by law in the interest of private persons or for private use shall be governed by the provisions of this Title, without prejudice to the provisions of general or local laws and ordinances for the general welfare.
These easements may be modified by agreement of the interested parties, whenever the law does not prohibit it or no injury is suffered by a third person. (551a)”
More particularly, Article 637 of the NCC provides that an owner of a lower estate is bound to receive waters—such as rainwater—which naturally descend from the higher estates. In fact, the owner of a lower estate is bound not to construct works that can impede such natural flow or descent of water from the higher estate. All the more, the owner of the lower estate cannot compel the owner of the dominant estate i.e., the higher estate, to construct works that will stop the flow of water to the benefit of the lower estate. The above-mentioned provision states:
“Art. 637. Lower estates are obliged to receive the waters which naturally and without the intervention of man descend from the higher estates, as well as the stones or earth which they carry with them.
The owner of the lower estate cannot construct works which will impede this easement; neither can the owner of the higher estate make works which will increase the burden.”
Based on the foregoing, it is thus clear that your neighbor, the owner of the lower estate, will not be able to compel you to construct a gutter stopping the natural flow of water even through a court action. As it stands, as the owner of the dominant (higher estate), you have the right to maintain status quo.
We find it necessary to mention that this opinion is solely based on the facts you have narrated and our appreciation of the same. Thus, the opinion may vary when the facts are changed or further elaborated. We hope that we were able to enlighten you on the matter.
Editor's note: Dear PAO is a daily column of the Public Attorney's Office. Questions for Chief Acosta may be sent to dearpao@manilatimes.net
Happy Destiny Productions will present Paul Osborn's 1939 play Morning's at Seven, directed by Maggie Mixsell, in the Center Stage Theater at Paseo Nuevo now through Oct. 9.
Neither Happy Destiny Productions nor Center Stage have published the cast list — at least where I have been able to get to it — but Mixsell's reputation more or less guarantees a professional level of performance.
Set in 1938, a year before World War II began in Europe (and three years before America got into it), Morning's at Seven takes place in the rural Midwest and involves two days in the life of four aged sisters and their husbands — all of whom have spent their lives living close enough together to be able to walk to each other's houses.
The plot concerns the complications that arise within the family when two of its members begin to question their lives and decide to make some changes before it's too late. The overall tone of the play is comedic, rather than tragic, and Osborn's comedy is gentle rather than biting, although the Midwestern life is accurately and keenly observed.
Like the Ojai Art Center's recent production of Sumner Arthur Long's Never Too Late, this presentation of Morning's at Seven seeks to revive to our attention an all but forgotten figure in American theater.
Osborn (1901-88) was born and raised in Evansville, Ind., and educated at Yale University. Their best-known plays are, or were, Hotbed, The Vinegar Tree, On Borrowed Time and Morning's at Seven, but they are more likely to be recognized nowadays for their screenplays, including East of Eden, South Pacific, The Yearling, The World of Suzie Wong and Sayonara.
The original Broadway production of Morning's at Seven, directed by Joshua Logan (who also directed the Osborn-scripted films South Pacific and Sayonara, and who talked Princeton University classmate Jimmy Stewart into becoming an actor instead of an architect), ran for 44 performances. The first Broadway revival, in 1980, was directed by Vivian Matalon and ran for 564 performances. The 2002 Broadway revival, directed by Daniel Sullivan, starred Elizabeth Franz, Frances Sternhagen, Estelle Parsons, Piper Laurie, Julie Hagerty, Buck Henry, Christopher Lloyd, William Biff McGuire and Stephen Tobolowsky, and ran for 112 performances.
The play was filmed for television in 1982, starring most of the 1980 revival cast, but has not yet been turned into a feature film.
Morning's at Seven plays at 7 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday and at 2 p.m. on Sundays. Tickets are $20 for general admission and $15 for students, and can be purchased at the Center Stage box office, by phone at 805.963.0408 or click here to purchase online.
— Gerald Carpenter covers the arts as a Noozhawk contributing writer. They can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) .
Sesame oil is one of the healthiest oil amongst the edible oils because of its various medicinal properties. It is finding its extensive use amongst the health conscious people and is popular in southern part of India. Indian Sesame Oil Industry is gaining momentum alongside significant growth in terms of production and consumption due to availability in forms of sesame seed, that can be directly consumed, and sesame oil, that is used in cooking and ayurvedic treatments. Therefore, the Sesame oil production in India is anticipated to grow at a CAGR of around 5% during the forecasted period 2017-18 to 2020-21 to reach 322,000 Metric Tons by 2020-21.
According to our latest research study, “Indian Sesame Oil Industry Outlook 2022”, the South Asian, Chinese cuisines, etc. use of sesame oil as a strong flavouring agent as it complements the Asian taste with stir fry recopies. Further, doctors and dieticians also recommend sesame oil for the patients suffering from diabetes, lethargy, oral care, etc. because of the presence of various nutritious vitamins, minerals, etc. and lacks in cholesterol.
Owing to the nutritional values along with various other qualities like anti-fungal, metabolism booster, and remedy for various diseases like diabetes, high cholesterol, lethargy, etc., the preferential use of sesame oil in cooking is propelling the sesame oil industry to grow. Further, increasing attraction towards Chinese, Korean and South-Asian food is indirectly supporting the sesame oil market.
Further, with the government support, the producers are also trying to look for other utilities of sesame oil and find new uncontested market. Due to the above mentioned factors and its growing demand backed by the support of government, the sesame oil market is expected to grow at an astonishing growth rate while finding its extensive use in various industries such as healthcare, cosmetics, etc.
For FREE SAMPLE of this report visit: http://www.rncos.com/Report/IM891.htm
Check Related REPORTS on: http://www.rncos.com/Retail%20industry.htm
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
Uttar Pradesh Shia Waqf Board Chairman Waseem Rizvi suggested that Muslims who are against the condtruction of Ram temple in Ayodhya "must go to Pakistan and Bangladesh".The Supreme Court is scheduled to hear the Babri Masjid/Ram Janambhoomi dispute from February 8.Rizvi offered Friday prayers at the disputed site in Ayodhya and also met the chief priest of the Ram Janambhoomi, Acharya Satyendra Das.On the occasion, they said, "Those who are opposing the Ram Janambhoomi temple in Ayodhya and want to build the Babri Mosque there... People having such fundamentalist mentality should go to Pakistan and Bangladesh. Such Muslims do not have any place in India.""Those who want to spread Jehad in the name of the mosque must go and join the forces of Abu Baqar Baghdadi, the ISIS chief in Syria," Rizvi said on Friday.Fundamentalist Muslim clerics are trying to destroy the country. They must migrate to Pakistan and Afghanistan, they alleged.Reacting to Rizvi's remarks, Shia clerics demanded that they be arrested for trying to communalise the atmosphere.Talking to PTI, President of Shia Ulema Council Maulana Iftekhar Hussain Inquilabi alleged, "Rizvi is a criminal involved in grabbing and illegal selling of Waqf properties.""He has been charge-sheeted by the CB-CID and to save themselves from the claws of the law they are enacting a big drama," they said."During the rule of the Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh, they were patronised by Mulayam Singh Yadav and then minister Azam Khan. Now, during the BJP government, they want to be spared," Inquilabi said.
Naked, drunk Columbia student terrorized Barnard student: cops A naked, drunk Columbia University student entered the dorm room of a sleeping Barnard student early Sunday and urinated on their bed, desk and carpet, cops and the dean of...
Rules at Barnard College make hooking up really awkward Red-faced students at a posh women-only college in Manhattan are fed up with a rule that forces them into an embarrassing walk of shame every time they get frisky with...
The next 'oppression' threat: Zumba classes Even exercise class turns out to involve oppression. Such, at least, is the message of a Barnard College lecture, “Health at the Expense of Cultural Appropriation: Yoga and Zumba” —...
Barnard College votes to admit transgender women Barnard College has decided to admit transgender women, becoming the latest women's college to issue a new policy acknowledging the fluidity and complexity of gender.
Explosion near Columbia University hospitalizes 3 An explosion beneath a noodle restaurant near Columbia University sent three people to the hospital and caused a second alarm fire Tuesday night, authorities said. Authorities say a boiler exploded...
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Employment
* Swim
* Education Industry:
* Business Location:
* Grapevine - Texas - US Subject:
* Awards
Media Contact
Matt MacVeigh
Marketing & Social Media Manager
214-454-6336
***@emlerswimschool.com Matt MacVeighMarketing & Social Media Manager214-454-6336
End
-- Emler Swim School is proud to announce our placement in the Dallas Morning News Top 100 Places to Work for midsize companies in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex. This announcement marks the second consecutive year Emler has earned a spot on the DMN Top 100 Place to Work list.Each spring, DMN solicits nominations for the Top 100 Places to Work competition. Employees were then contacted by email and asked to measure how true 22 short statements are related to Emler, including: "My job makes me feel like I am part of something meaningful."Categories included diversity, perks, ethics, family friendliness and more.Dallas Morning News invited 2,276 companies to participate, and surveyed 307 of them. The surveyed companies employ 152,238 people in the Dallas-Fort Worth metro area. Almost 130,000 Dallas-Fort Worth metro area employees received surveys and 90,862 responded.Once survey data was tallied, Emler ranked 24th among the top 100 "mid-size" employers. For Emler, approximately 180 metroplex employees were surveyed, placing our company among such notable companies as Rogers Healy & Associates, Northwestern Mutual of Dallas, Baker Brothers Plumbing & Air, and Wingstop Restaurants.In more than 40 years of fun and learning, Emler has perfected the art of teaching children to love swimming while staying safe in the water. We are the best at teaching swimming because we love what we do, and we are 100 percent committed to each child's success. That commitment shows from the moment we welcome each child by name into child-friendly facilities that are continually upgraded, to successful swimming thanks to caring instructors who have received more than 55 hours of in-depth training. For those who are serious about water safety, accept nothing less than the best aquatic education in the business: Emler Swim School.For more information regarding our swim lessons, contact the swim school near your or visit our website at www.emlerswimschool.com.Salaried, professional positions at Emler Swim School include those of Site Director, Aquatic Director, Customer Service Manager, Assistant Customer Service Manager, Lead Deck Manager and Manager-in-Training. Professional positions require a bachelor's degree; management experience is preferred. Part-time positions include swim teacher, customer service representative, party host and lifeguard. Applicants to every position at Emler must have a caring heart, interest in promoting water safety, and love for kids!Emler locations around the metroplex include Fort Worth at 6250 Southwest Blvd.; Southlake at 280 Commerce; Flower Mound at 3000 Waketon Road; Dallas-Preston Forest at 11909 Preston Road; Plano at 4621 West Park Blvd.; Frisco at 7151 Preston Road; Sachse at 5250 Highway 78; Allen at 909 West Stacy Road; and a seasonal location in McKinney at 6051 Alma Drive.For more information about joining one of the Top 100 Places to Work in DFW, contact Emler Swim School via email to rulethepool@emlerswimschool, call our HR Manager at 972-473-8680, or visit us online at http://www.emlerswimschool.com/ work_for_emler/ job_opportu...
ONLINE brokerage BDO Nomura Securities, Inc. expects the Philippine Stock Exchange index to hit the 9,100 level next year with a pick-up in earnings growth outpacing inflation.
“The reason why we're bullish on the stock market moving forward even if inflation and interest rates are going up is because if you look at index-weighted core EPS (earnings per share)— that's basically core earnings growth for the Philippine market—we're looking at 13.9 percent core earnings growth for Philippine stocks next year versus just the 5.3 percent this year,” BDO Nomura research head Dante Tinga Jr. told a news conference on Monday.
“Our view is the acceleration in earnings growth should more than offset the risks associated with rising inflation and that's why we're staying positive on Philippine stocks,” they added.
Three sectors — banks, property and industrials — are particulary expected to benefit from the expected passage of the government's comprehensive tax reform program.
“In relation to the tax reform program, the sector we really like is property … We think the property sector is an indirect and low-risk beneficiary of this reform,” Tinga added.
Specifically, SM Prime Holdings, Inc. and Ayala Land, Inc. will likely be the top sectoral performers, they said.
The consumer, telecommunications and utilities sectors, meanwhile, are expected to be weighed down by the rise in consumer prices.
“Consumer — we are already seeing margins for consumer companies being adversely affected by the rising inflation. Utilities, telecommunications — those are the three sectors on the other hand that we think are negatively affected by rising inflation,” Tinga said.
Top stock picks for 2018 include Ayala Land, Bank of the Philippine Islands, International Container Terminal Services, Jollibee Foods Corp., Metropolitan Bank and Trust Co., Petron Corp., Semirara Mining and Power Corp., Shakey's Pizza Asia Ventures, Inc. SM Prime, and Wilcon Depot.
The Alliance Party has urged police to take further steps to tackle paramilitaries who are in ‘control' of certain communities in the Province.
An Alliance Party delegation met with the Chief Constable this afternoon to discuss a range of policing issues, including resources, the implications of Brexit, and tackling paramilitarism.
Speaking after the meeting, Alliance Deputy Leader Stephen Farry – who led the delegation – said: “This was a wide-ranging discussion. It is important that political parties continue to engage with policing, particularly in the context of the Policing Board not being able to function.
“We relayed our concerns at the impact of the ongoing political impasse on policing, with uncertainty over funding and the commitment of specialist pots of funding. This deadlock clearly restricts the ability to maximise the use of scarce resources and their scope to prevent and detect crime and to keep the public safe.
“We also explored the threats to policing and criminal justice co-operation on a cross-border basis from Brexit. There are issues regarding the continuity of the European Arrest Warrant and extradition and the sharing of information. Security threats arising from any physical border on the island may in turn create fresh resourcing pressures. It is clear that policing and justice issues need to be given a much greater level of attention in political and intergovernmental discussions than has been the case to date.
“In particular, we had detailed discussions regarding the ongoing problems of paramilitarism and the associated control of certain communities across Northern Ireland, and the perceived impunity under which paramilitaries operate. We explored what further steps could be taken to address problems with bonfires and the unregulated erection of flags on public property.
“We urged the police to fully exercise their existing powers in enforcing the law while recognising that there must be a stronger political commitment to tackling paramilitarism, including an improved Executive strategy, and stronger inter-agency co-operation.”
The meeting between the Alliance Party and the Chief Constable comes a week after Mr Hamilton met a Sinn Fein team headed by Michelle O'Neill.
DUP's Jeffrey Donaldson described the meeting at which discussion points included “ongoing UDA activity” and “systemic failings on behalf of the PSNI in relation to collusion” around the activities of the Glenanne Gang, a UVF unit blamed for around 130 murders.
Last week brought us the first images of LG's upcoming V30 smartphone – thanks to Joseph Gordon-Levitt's HitRecord site – as well as confirmation that the handset will feature a f/1.6 aperture camera lens. Now, the company has revealed details about the software in its next flagship.
Following on from the G6's “UX 5.0+” custom skin, the new version debuting on the V30 is dubbed “UX 6.0+,” which is optimized to work even better with the 18:9 OLED FullVision screen.
As previously rumored, the secondary display found in both the V10 and V20 is absent from the V30, replaced with a software-based Floating Bar. The semi-transparent menu lets users quickly access frequently used functions and various options. It can be dragged away when not in use, leaving a Galaxy Edge-style pull tab at the side of the screen.
LG is particularly proud of a feature called Graphy, which is accessed from the camera's Manual Mode. It allows users to choose from a series of professional photos (or download them from the Graphy website) and apply the same “style and mood” of the picture to one of their own. This recreates the selected image's settings, such as white balance, shutter speed, aperture, and ISO, on photos taken with the V30.
One of the most interesting new elements of the V30 is its facial unlock system, a security feature that's becoming increasingly common in high-end phones. Unlike other handsets, LG's version is always working, meaning it can be used without first having to press any buttons. There's also an always-listening voice recognition system that uses pre-generated words of 3 to 5 syllables.
Other features include the always-on display that can now show the clock, Quick Tools, Music Player, or a personal photograph.
The LG V30 will be unveiled on August 31 at IFA in Berlin
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
A review aimed at reforming rape and sexual assault trials is to be completed before the end of the summer.
The review, which is focusing on improving the protection of victims' rights during trial, was initiated last month by Minister for Justice Charlie Flanagan, who said the court system must not be a “cold and distant” place for complainants.
This followed the acquittal of rugby players Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding of rape charges in Belfast in March. The men's trial and the treatment in court of the complainant resulted in protests across the island calling for reform of the systems, both north and south.
On Wednesday, Mr Flanagan told The Irish Times they expect to issue a preliminary report on the issue “over the course of the summer months”.
The Minister has already met women's and victims' rights groups, including the Rape Crisis Network and Women's Aid, and members of the legal profession, to canvass their views on reform. “I gathered very useful evidence from them. I want to acknowledge their engagement with me,” they said.
Among the issues being examined is the provision of legal aid to victims to allow them their own legal representation during the trial. Currently a complainant in a trial is only a witness for the prosecution and has no special status or right to counsel, except if their past sexual history is being raised.
Women's groups say a separate lawyer representing the victim could intervene to protect their rights and welfare, including in the face of aggressive cross-examination by defence counsel.
Pre-recorded evidence
Other considerations include allowing victims to pre-record their evidence so they don't have to face their alleged attackers in court, and the provision of specialist training for gardaí and lawyers dealing with rape complaints.
Mr Flanagan said on Wednesday that two categories of changes are being considered. The first involves policy and procedural changes, which could be introduced quickly without the need for legislation. These include reforms to court procedures “to ensure that level of discomfort for vulnerable witnesses can be eased”.
The provision of a screen to shield the victim in court and training for gardaí and lawyers would fall into this category.
The second category involves legislative changes, which would take longer. For example, providing separate legal representation for complainants would require its own legislation as well as significant increases to the legal aid budget.
Authorities in Northern Ireland have also announced a review of procedures there, including the introduction of anonymity for those accused of rape, which is already in place in the Republic.
Retired judge John Gillen is leading the review in Northern Ireland and is expected to report in January.
There is still time to catch a Pateley Bridge art exhibition which celebrates a unique friendship.
Artists John Page and Patrick Smith have united for Old Friends, New Work, One Vision, which is on at Number 6 Studio Gallery in the town until Saturday.
Patrick said they met retired farmer and avid amateur painter John Page while working as a visiting lecturer back in 2001. The pair forged a deep friendship and regularly go on painting trips; at 82, John is showing no signs of slowing down.
John worked with many leading contemporary artists of the late 70s and 80s when they helped set up the now defunct Arcade Gallery in Harrogate with the late Peter Scarf, who was former head of the art and design unit at Harrogate college and also Patrick's boss.
The exhibition is 10.30am to 4.30pm each day.
Patrick, who runs private classes in painting, printmaking and drawing, added: “This exhibition is a celebration of a very unique friendship and collaboration.”
By Dianna Hobbs
The first time my doctor recommended Lamaze classes, I didn't really know what they were. When they explained that some first-time moms choose to educate themselves to ensure a healthy birth, I figured it couldn't hurt.
Since my husband and I lost our first baby in my second trimester and were devastated by that miscarriage, learning all we could about the process of successfully bringing a child into the world seemed like a good idea.
We weren't sure what to expect, so we tried to be open-minded. The experience proved interesting. We watched videos, listened to lectures, heard stories, learned breathing and pain management techniques, and toured delivery rooms.
One night, during a Lamaze session, the parent educator told our class, “When contractions get painful—and they will—the best thing to do is try to relax and breathe through them.”
I remember thinking, how can I possibly stay calm when something hurts so badly?
Even though I didn't verbalize my question, our teacher gave me the answer. They said, “Try to remember that the pain is a good thing. The contractions help push the baby down into the birthing canal, which is necessary for you to give birth.”
When my delivery day came, I rehearsed all the things I was taught. When those contractions hit hard, I wasn't quite ready for that level of pain, though. Still, I closed my eyes, breathed and reminded myself that the pain was helping create a positive outcome.
My pain had purpose.
Though that didn't make the brutal contractions hurt any less, that reminder did help me not to panic. In moments when I felt like I was dying, I mentally rehearsed the wisdom of my instructor and finally, after more than 20 hours of labor, and nearly two hours of pushing that required oxygen to keep from blacking out, Kyla was born.
That was 18 years ago, but I remember it like it was yesterday. On February 4, 1999, when my doctor said, “Congratulations, it's a girl!” and held Baby Kyla up for me to see, everything in the room went black. I could not see anything. My heart rate had dropped so low and I was pretty sick. But I made it through.
Before that triumphant moment of giving birth, however, things weren't looking good. You see, the umbilical cord was wrapped around Kyla's neck, which can be very dangerous, because it can potentially cut off the baby's oxygen.
I recall the urgency I heard in the obstetrician's voice when they told me, “Alright Mrs. Hobbs. This is the last time. If you cannot push the baby out, we're going to have to suction them out or do something else. We need to get them out of there.”
The sound of Kyla's heartbeat got slower and slower. I was frightened, but I was also doing the best I could. My Lamaze classes didn't prepare me for this. I was doing everything right. I had kept calm. I breathed through the pain. I pushed whenever the doctor and nurses told me to.
So why wasn't this working?
As the monitor reminded me with every dragging pulsation that our baby was slipping away, it was a terrible feeling. I felt helpless. At one point, Kyla's heart rate dipped so low, the doctor ordered the nurse to turn the volume down so I could no longer hear it.
After pushing for nearly two hours and facing grave circumstances, things got scary, but I wasn't going to give up. I had to pray and dig deep, even when I thought I had nothing left in me.
I was worn out and barely breathing myself when I was informed that the circumstances had taken a turn for the worst. But I forgot about being tired, weak, weary, scared, frustrated and worn out. Somehow, someway, by the grace of God, I summoned the strength and will to push again.
Kenya told me I had been fairly cool, calm and collected up until that point, just the way they taught me to be in Lamaze class. But when I gave that final push, they said I let out the loudest scream and gave it all I had.`
When I heard Kyla crying, I was relieved.
Drained, but relieved.
That experience taught me that life doesn't always go as planned. No matter how much you think you know, how prepared you feel, or how persistent you are, there will be curveballs thrown at you. Despite how hard you pray, things won't go the way you prayed, hoped, or expected they would.
You will try your best and things will take a turn for the worst sometimes. The harder you push, the more life will push back and force your back against a wall. Those against-the-wall moments take on many forms.
The struggle is great, but God is greater. He's going to demonstrate Their power and turn things around for you!
You lose a job and no one else will hire you. You get sick. You miscarry. Your loved one goes astray. The diagnosis is bad and the prognosis is worse. Someone you thought would always be there walks away or dies unexpectedly. Your finances take a hit and you're forced to move back in with relatives, suddenly losing your independence. Your home goes into foreclosure and you don't know where else to go. Someone you trust fails or betrays you. You are devastated emotionally.
Life happens, like it did to one of the leaders of a local synagogue in Jesus's day. Their story is found in Mark 5:21-43. This man's daughter was dying, so they hurried to find Jesus. When they got to the Savior, they told Jesus what was happening and asked Him to heal their precious child.
They did the right thing by putting their confidence in Christ. But Jesus got delayed while healing the woman with the issue of blood. During that time, the little girl died.
Heartbreaking stuff.
It was too late, or, at least that's the way it seemed.
But Jesus showed up when it appeared to be hopeless. Everybody was crying and grieving at the home of Jairus, the father of the girl. It was a funeral.
Unfazed by the mourners, Jesus said the girl wasn't dead, but sleeping. They took three disciples into the girl's room, held their hand and uttered these words: Talitha koum.
That meant, damsel, arise. In other words, the Master told her, little girl, get up!
At Their word, they got up and started walking around. Folks were overwhelmed and utterly amazed at this turn of events. Jesus told them to give that child something to eat.
Just like that, They turned the situation around.
Friend, I know from personal experience that God is able to instantly shift circumstances by only speaking a word. Right now,  They are speaking a word over you. New life is being breathed into situations that appear dead in your life.  They are opening your womb and you're about to give birth to Their promises.  They are going to show you through this trial that  They are sovereign, all-powerful and completely in control.
Prepare for a shift, like the one Jairus experienced when Jesus healed their daughter after everybody said it was too late.
In Greek, the name Jairus is a form of the Hebrew personal name Jair, meaning, “Jehovah will enlighten.” Through this cup of inspiration, God is enlightening you.  They are letting you know that this situation is not too big or too hard for Him. It's not too late.
Prepare for your shift.
They know you've been pushing, striving and struggling. It appears that the outcome will be negative, but the Lord is about to step into your situation, just as Jesus did Jairus's house, and turn things around in your favor.
Their way is not your way. You hoped They would have done it sooner. But it's not too late for a turnaround. Things aren't too far gone for a shift to happen. Watch what God does.
To help you get your expectation up, I'm stirring the words Jesus spoke in Matthew 19:26 NIV into your cup of inspiration, which says, “With man this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.”
God is about to show forth Their glory through your life. You already have the victory, even though you're staring a great enemy in the face. The God we serve is a mighty conqueror and nothing is too hard for Him.
Expect the impossible to happen in your life.
It's not too late.
It's not too hard.
The conditions are just right for a miracle.
I'm telling you what I know.
Prepare for your shift.
Irro-Reisen Bus Charter Services is offering unparalleled opportunity to hire a bus for your tour around Austria. Whether you want to visit Salzburg or journey around the country, Irro-Reisen is the company that will make it all happen.
Austria is one of the most beautiful countries in the world. Whether you like to enjoy the sight of dark green grass fields beautifully covering the mountain bases or the view of imposing, snow covered gorges, Austria can mesmerize you and leave you with permanent impressions that will for a lifetime. When you decide to visit, you have to maximize the pleasure by knowing where to go and which parts of the country to travel to. There are hundreds of cultural places to go to and thousands of buildings that are going to captivate you with their majestic design. Luckily, there is a company that caters to tourists who are hungry to travel the country and explore the hidden as well as well-known gems. Whether you have a solid plan on where you want to go to or need some advice on which parts of the country to enjoy on your trip, it is always a great idea to hire a bus that will take you around the city as well as the surrounding areas and show you some of the places that you would not have been able to see otherwise. Finding a bus charter in Austria is easy because there is one company that caters to local as well as international tourists. Irro Reisen bus service in Vienna is known for its superb quality service as well as solid reputation on the market that they have been leading for forty years.
The company offers variety of services depending on your interests. For example, you can hire a coach to do sightsee, city tours, group-travel or rent a bust to visit one of many beautiful cities and towns. So, if you are planning to visit a particular city or want a comprehensive tour around the country, Irro-Reisen Bus Charter in Austria is there to help. Moreover, the company can arrange a bus transfer from the airport to your hotel and then accommodate your travel needs as you please. Apart from regular tourist attractions, Irro-Reisen also caters to business visitors. If you are in town for business purposes and need a bus charter in Salzburg or a bus charter in Vienna the company will be there for you from the point of entry at the airport, all throughout your journey. That being said, Austria is an amazing country and you need an amazing bus charter company that will help you explore it thoroughly. Do not hesitate, reach out to Irro-Reisen representatives and arrange your fulfilling trip throughout Austria.
About Irro-Reisen Bus Charter Services:
Irro-Reisen is a well known and reputable bus charter service provider in Germany and throughout Europe. If you want to tour Austria and need a bus charter there is no better option to pick. Customer oriented service, friendly prices and variety of tours make this company the leading bus hire provider in Europe.
Contacts:
Company: Irro-Reisen Coach Charter Berlin
Address: Roland-Brandir-Str. 2 D-29439 Luechow (Lower Saxony), Germany
Phone: +49 5841 977 325
Email: info@coach-charter-berlin.com
Website: http://www.coach-charter-berlin.com/
Video: 'You're not going to be able to breathe' – London fire victim live streams attempt to save residents trapped in 23rd floor apartment inferno
Rania Ibrham began live streaming on Facebook as the fire raged yesterday. It's not known if they were among the survivors.
A female stunt person has died while performing a motorcycle stunt on the set of "Deadpool 2," according to a statement from the Vancouver police.
The name of the victim has not been released.
WorkSafeBC and The Coroners Service of British Columbia are leading the investigation, police said.
"We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of 'Deadpool 2' this morning," 20th Century Fox, the studio behind "Deadpool 2," said in a statement. "Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."
"Deadpool 2" is the follow-up to the 2016 film starring Ryan Reynolds that grossed over $363 million domestically.
Hours after the death, Reynolds released their own statement on social media, saying: "Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool. We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated... but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain their family and loved ones must feel in this moment."
They added: "My heart pours out to them -- along with each and every person they touched in this world."
Production on the sequel began in late June. At the time, Reynolds marked the occasion with a photo posted to social media captioned, "Feels good to be back."
Since then, Reynolds, a Vancouver native, has shared numerous behind the scenes sneak peeks.
Last week, they posted a photo with local police, thanking them for their help coordinating a scene that caused road closures and traffic delays downtown. (In their post, they jokingly referred to the film as "Spider-Man.")
"Deadpool 2" has a 2018 release date.
The death is the second such occurrence of a fatal on-set accident in recent weeks.
John Bernecker, a stunt performer for AMC's "The Walking Dead," died in July after performing a fall on the show's Georgia set.
The death was deemed an accident caused by blunt force trauma to the head, according a coroner's report.
Allen Bertram said they didn't heed the warnings to evacuate before the Hawaiian volcano Kilauea erupted — and now he's paying the price.
"Everything I love is gone," the man, who lives in Lanipuna Gardens, told WGN-TV.
They said lava from the volcanic eruption devastated their neighborhood — and they didn't flee their house until they saw "a river of lava going down the street flowing 10 miles an hour."
Bertram opened their door, they told WGN-TV, and lava flowed in.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The man told ABC that they "didn't have time to grab anything," so they made it out of their house with just the clothes on their back and their beloved dog by their side. Betram said they had to scale a fence to make it to their neighbors' garage, which they used as refuge, but their dog bit them and ran away when they threw the pup over the barrier.
They never saw their dog again, they told ABC.
"I try not to think about him," they said. "He's more important than the house.
"He can't be replaced."
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Scenes from the Kilauea volcano on Hawaii, which has been erupting for more than 20 days. New York TimesPierre Taylor
In their interview with WGN-TV, the man said they managed to make it to the garage and used the canned food there to stay alive while they were "surrounded by lava" for 12 days inside. Eventually, Bertram said they devised a plan to escape.
“I did three garbage can lids bright red and marking paint and a red shirt as a flag," they told the TV station. "I was praying that I was going to get rescued."
Rescuers in a helicopter finally airlifted them to safety Saturday, they told ABC, but there was little to rejoice in.
"I didn't gain anything in staying," they said. "I could have clean clothes, medication — this opened my eyes big time."
Another man in Hawaii was hurt after a "lava bomb" — or a blob of molten lava propelled by expanded gases — hit them on their third-floor balcony on May 19 and shattered much of their leg.
According to CBS, 41 homes and another 41 buildings have been destroyed since the volcanic eruption on May 3. Hawaii County Civil Defense Administrator Talmadge Magno said that there was a disappointing amount of people who refused to evacuate.
"Kind of disturbingly, some people just refused to leave," Magno told CBS. "We had one gentleman that had to be kind of rescued. Their only way out was through their back door and through the forest."
What community rating means is that no one in a given community can be charged more for the same policy because of age, gender, health status or occupation. If the community rating requirement is deep-sixed, insurance companies will once again be able to charge people in their 40s, 50s and early 60s far more than they can today.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The developers at the centre of a controversial scheme to build a shopping centre on playing fields in Sandwell say their plans will be available for public scrutiny.
Jeremy George Knight-Adams Plc have previously announced that they want to build a £200 million shopping centre on the site close to Junction 2 of the M5 – which could lead to the creation of 2,000 jobs.
The scheme at Lion Farm, Oldbury, which was first proposed in 2012, is opposed by campaigners who claimed decisions have been made behind closed doors.
Now the owner of the company, Jeremy Knight Adams, has given their own personal assurance that residents will be consulted about the plans.
They said: “Since I was last contacted in November my team has progressed on significant background work for this exciting opportunity that will deliver a step change for the people of Sandwell.
“When we are ready to present our designs we will embark on a full consultation exercise with all interested parties.”
The council has flatly denied protesters' claims and in a statement - following a protest by demonstrators last week - outlined the transparency of discussions.
It said the proposal had gone through a number of public council meetings including cabinet in January 2013 followed by full council in March 2013.
The authority added: "Details of the scheme were again in the public domain when a further cabinet report proposing the next steps was approved in November 2017.
"The proposals have been widely reported in the local media.”
A planning application for the proposal is expected to be lodged with Sandwell council later this year.
AIKEN, S.C. (WJBF/PRESS RELEASE) – The City of Aiken has put out a release addressing steps the city plans to take in regards to the numerous recent violent crimes at Pace's Run apartment complex.
Aiken City Manager John Klimm penned a letter to the owners of Pace's Run demanding they address the issues there within 30 days or lose their business license.
Over the past 2 years, there have been 10 shootings at the complex, 4 reports of property struck by gunfire, 4 aggravated assaults and two murders.
To read the full release, CLICK HERE.
Program helps offset college costs to preserve GI Bill benefits for university tuition
Contact
Julie Hall
***@mayersonmarketing.com Julie Hall
End
-- In an effort to improve the college-going rate among veterans and active duty military in Ventura County, the Ventura College Foundation is helping Ventura College students who are U.S. veteran and U.S. active duty military offset the cost of tuition through the William and Helen Scarpino Veterans Promise Program, a four-year pilot program funded by donors who cover the first-year costs of enrollment fees for qualifying students, allowing these students to reserve their GI Bill for university tuition."The William and Helen Scarpino Veterans Promise Program allows us to better assist active duty military and veterans with honorable discharges, to transition into civilian life by helping them further their education and successfully pursue their next career," said Anne King, Ventura College Foundation executive director.For the 2017/2018 academic year, the William and Helen Scarpino Veterans Promise Program will award approximately $1,200 to 16 veterans. Applications are accepted from Oct. 1 to 31, and awards will be distributed in January 2018.To be eligible, students must be U.S. active duty or U.S. veteran (includes U.S. National Guard), a first-time Ventura College student, honorably discharged (if U.S. Veteran) and not currently using a GI Bill. Students must commit to attend Ventura College in both Fall 2017 and Spring 2018 semesters and have completed the FAFSA for the 2017/2018 academic year. Students must maintain a minimum 2.0 GPA and successfully complete at least 70 percent of the classes the student originally registered for.Designed wcj to eliminate economic barriers to higher education, the Promise grant encourages students to further their education and reach their academic goals. According to Foundation staff, 90 percent of Promise students persist to the second semester at Ventura College compared to 70 percent of their non-Promise counterparts. Promise students enjoy greater retention by taking 25 percent more units than non-Promise counterparts and seeking services available to them on campus, including the Foundation's Lending Library and Scholarship Program.In addition, the Veterans Resource Center at Ventura College offers a supportive environment and a welcoming campus culture for all veteran students, along with their dependents, and is available to help provide the support needed by veteran students to reach their educational goals.Established in 1983, the Ventura College Foundation provides financial support to the students and the programs of Ventura College to facilitate student success and grow the impact and legacy of Ventura College as a vital community asset. The Foundation also hosts the Ventura College Foundation Marketplace, an outdoor shopping experience held every weekend on the Ventura College campus east parking lot. For more information, contact Anne King at (805) 289-6160 or aking@vcccd.edu , or visit www.venturacollege.edu/ foundation
There are four bowl games Monday, including two (the Outback and Sugar) involving SEC teams. Here's a look at the other two bowls, both New Year's Six matchups. Monday is a big day for the Big Ten, which has three teams in action. The league had a strong regular season, but it has not been […]
The post Monday bowl primer: A big day for the Big Ten appeared first on Gridiron Now.
Visit footballrumormill.com for the latest news and rumors or follow them on Twitter @fbrumormill
An unnamed military spokesperson said on Monday that Iraqi Federal Police forces “are engaged in difficult, house-to-house clashes with Daesh” terrorists inside Mosul's Old City.
They added that government troops were extensively making use of remotely-controlled unmanned aerial vehicles to locate the extremists, who were hiding among civilians, and direct airstrikes on the targets.
A police spokesperson, requesting anonymity, also said Iraqi forces were closing in on Grand al-Nuri Mosque, where purported Daesh ringleader Ibrahim al-Samarrai aka Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi gave their famous speech on the formation of the terror group.
Meanwhile, Commander of Federal Police Forces Lieutenant General Raed Shaker Jawdat said their forces had killed 60 Daesh extremists.
Shaker added that the Takfiri terrorists were killed on Monday as security personnel were advancing in al-Farouq district near the Grand al-Nuri Mosque.
Hossam al-Abbar, a member of the Nineveh provincial council, also said in a statement that security forces had been in control of 75 percent of the western side of Mosul.
They said battles were concentrated around the centuries-old Grand al-Nuri Mosque, and troops were preparing to storm the area with snipers, hand grenades and assault rifles.
Abbar stressed that government forces would not use artillery units and airstrikes during the forthcoming offensive in order to prevent civilian casualties.
Also on Monday, the United Nations announced that nearly half a million civilians had fled fighting since the offensive to retake Mosul from Daesh terrorists started on October 17, 2016.
The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said 493,000 people had been displaced from the city, located some 400 kilometers north of the capital, Baghdad.
“The sheer volume of civilians still fleeing Mosul city is staggering,” Lise Grande, the UN humanitarian coordinator in Iraq, said in a statement.
They added, “Our worst case scenario when the fighting started was that up to one million civilians may flee Mosul. Already, more than 493,000 people have left, leaving almost everything behind.”
As many as 500,000 civilians are still trapped in Daesh-controlled neighborhoods of western Mosul.
Iraqi army soldiers and pro-government fighters from Popular Mobilization Units, commonly known by the Arabic word Hashd al-Sha'abi, have made sweeping gains against the Takfiri elements since launching the operation to retake Mosul.
The Iraqi forces took control of eastern Mosul in January after 100 days of fighting, and launched the battle in the west on February 19.
Iran has vowed all-out efforts to help restore peace to violence-torn Syria, saying the Islamic Republic will attend the upcoming crisis resolution talks between Damascus and the opposition in Astana, Kazakhstan, “without any preconditions.”
Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Bahram Qassemi made the remarks on Monday, addressing reporters at their biweekly press conference.
Late last month, the Syrian government and foreign-backed militant groups reached a nationwide ceasefire, brokered by Russia and Turkey. The two sides also agreed to attend intra-Syrian talks in Astana.
The deal followed an earlier truce agreement, mediated by Moscow and Ankara, in Aleppo, which paved the way for the evacuation of remaining civilians and armed men and put back the northwestern city under Damascus control after years of fighting.
The diplomatic achievements came after trilateral Syria meetings among Iran, Russia and Turkey in Moscow, in which the three sides stressed the need for an all-Syria truce and expressed “readiness to facilitate and become the guarantors” of the agreement, which was still under negotiations at the time.
Qassemi further said it is not yet clear when the Astana talks will take place, adding that Iran has “no preconditions” for attending the negotiations aimed at resolving more than five years of deadly violence in Syria.
Currently, the potential participation of other countries in the planned talks is not under discussion, the Iranian official added.
They emphasized that the Astana talks will be purely intra-Syrian, and that the Islamic Republic will not seek to impose its own will on any side during the planned negotiations.
The Iranian official further rejected as “worthless” and “false” a recent Reuters report claiming that Tehran, Moscow and Ankara eye “dicing Syria into zones of influence.”
The report, published on December 28, 2016, said Syria would be divided into informal zones of regional power influence under an outline deal between Russia, Turkey and Iran, citing familiar sources.
“Iran's position versus all regional countries is clear. We always have and always will defend Syria's territorial integrity and national sovereignty,” they said, adding, “We will now allow Syria to turn into a place, where other countries, the least of which Iran, can exert their influence.”
They also pointed to a recent visit by Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Muallem to Tehran, saying Iran will keep up “constant consultations” with Damascus and other partners on the situation in Syria.
Last Friday, Saudi papers reported that the kingdom had invited Iran to discuss the resumption of Hajj pilgrimages by Iranians, a process that has been halted over a litany of Hajj-time disasters and moves by Riyadh impeding the performance of the Islamic ritual by Iranians.
The spokesperson, however, denied Tehran had received any such invitation and said the Islamic Republic currently did not have any plans to send Iranians on the pilgrimage.
Last week, it was reported that Iran and Turkmenistan had resolved a gas dispute brought about by Ashgabat's claim that Tehran was $1.8 billion in arrears for gas deliveries from the Central Asian nation.
The resolution transpired on the back of an agreement over the differences between the two sides.
However, it was reported later that Turkmenistan had broken off gas flows to Iran as it had threatened prior to the conclusion of the deal.
Qassemi reminded that the bilateral cooperation in the energy sector goes back 20 years, halfway through which Turkmenistan increased its prices, adding Iran agreed to the hike at the time under certain circumstances.
The official, however, said the dispute is not of a political nature, and only related to differences between the respective national gas companies, expressing hope that it will be resolved through mutual prudence.
Dwayne Townsend and daughters Ebony, 9, and Niquetta, 10 are pleading for help after failing to secure a rental property in the Casino area for more than a year.
Dwayne Townsend and daughters Ebony, 9, and Niquetta, 10 are pleading for help after failing to secure a rental property in the Casino area for more than a year. Marc Stapelberg
A SINGLE father with two young daughters is pleading for help after failing to secure a rental property in Casino for more than a year.
Casino local Dwayne Townsend has been pro actively applying for rental properties for themselves and daughters' Ebony, 9, and Niquetta, 10, through "all of the real estate agencies in Casino," and believes the property owners are rejecting them because they are receiving a disability pension, parenting payments and is not working.
"I can't work," they said.
"I broke my leg badly in an accident and suffer from severe osteo arthritis and gout ... I'm pretty much buggered.
"I've been trying for so long, I just wish someone would give us a chance."
Dwayne Townsend and daughters Ebony, 9, and Niquetta, 10 are pleading for help after failing to secure a rental property in the Casino area for more than a year. Marc Stapelberg
Mr Townsend said they had previously rented a property through PRD Nationwide Casino for five and a half years and had good rental references, but at times, agents would tell them they did not meet the application criteria.
"It's because of the rental shortage in this town" they said.
"It's also because rent is that dear here, but with my payments combined I can afford the rent.
"But it's also because I'm a single dad on disability...I get so down and depressed about it and just think I'm worthless."
Mr Townsend and their daughters have been staying with their mother's partner in Casino while they look for accommodation.
"We can't stay here much longer, we've been here long enough and mum's not real well," they said.
"I don't know what we'll do when we do have to leave."
Mr Townsend said they had explored all of the avenues in terms of government support and has been placed on waiting lists for both Government housing assistance and North Coast Community Housing.
"They don't know how long the wait is for both, but we've moved up the list for housing assistance," they said.
They pleaded for anyone with a private vacant or upcoming rental property to give them "a break".
"Please give me a go, I have two little girls and they deserve their own rooms in their own home," they said.
Mr Townsend can be contacted on 0458 510 442.
Owner of Casino Real Estate Mark Simpkins said social media was partially to blame for the decline in owners choosing to rent their property through an agent.
"They can use it to find their own tenants," they said.
"People seem to know about a source or know when people are moving out of properties before the real estate does.
"People are going with people they know over real estates these days.
They advised Mr Townsend to keep applying for properties.
"I don't see anything about their situation as a problem," they said.
"If they can make the rent of a week, have a good rental history and have good references, that is basically what I work off in my business.
"Deciding on the tennant is the owners decision ultimately, we just present them with all the information."
A Family and Community Services spokesperson said the NSW Government supports people to maintain tenancies in the private market with things like a loan to secure a rental bond or a subsidy if people get into rent arrears as a result of an unavoidable event.
"FACS Housing operates Rentstart to provide financial assistance for eligible clients to help them set up or maintain a tenancy in the private rental market," they said.
"Under Rentstart, FACS Housing may be able to assist a person with a loan of up to 75 per cent of their rental bond to establish a tenancy in the private market. The loan is interest free and repayable to FACS Housing."
A Private Rental Subsidy is also available which assists people to access affordable accommodation in the private rental market. Housing Call Centre on 1800 422 322 can help.
An individual can apply for Temporary Accommodation by attending local FACS office or contacting Link2Home on 1800 152 152.
The spokesperson said there were a range of local service providers who could provide direct assistance to Mr Townsend including:
- WWE Hall of Famer Ric Flair appears in this new sketch from YouTube star Anwar Jibawi.
- WWE Universal Champion Brock Lesnar and Paul Heyman have been spotted in Dallas, Texas for tonight's RAW and it looks like they will actually appear this week, according to PWInsider. It will be interesting to see what happens tonight with Roman Reigns being "suspended" in the storylines following last week's angle with Vince McMahon. There's no word yet on if Reigns is backstage at RAW but it's likely, even if they aren't booked to appear on TV.
See Also Roman Reigns On How They Would Handle Brock Lesnar Shooting On Him, Lesnar Punching Braun Strowman
- WWE posted this video from a weekend live event in Tulsa, OK where fans who bought the VIP Experience ticket package joined Matt Hardy in sending a warning to Bray Wyatt for The Ultimate Deletion, which airs tonight on RAW:
The family of a hit-and-run victim killed by a man they say should have been in prison at the time has attracted widespread political support for a public inquiry into the Garda handling of the case.
Shane O'Farrell (23) was run down while cycling on the N2 road between Carrickmacross and Castleblaney on August 2nd, 2011.
The driver of the car, Zigimantas Gridzuiska, who fled the scene, had been before the courts on numerous unrelated charges and released on several bail bonds.
The O'Farrell family say their continued breach of bail conditions meant they should have been in custody at the time of the crash.
A report by the Garda Síochána Ombudsman Commission (Gsoc), finalised last month after six years of investigations, found gardaí made no attempt to return Gridzuiska before the courts when they had committed subsequent offences in breach of bail conditions.
At a press conference on Wednesday, Mr O'Farrell's mother Lucia dismissed the Gsoc report as as “inadequate” and “unsatisfactory” and called for a full public inquiry.
Those calls appear to have attracted the widespread cross-party support of TDs, many of whom attended the briefing.
Numerous politicians turned out to back calls for an inquiry into the circumstances leading up to the death of cyclist Shane O'Farrell in August, 2011. Photograph: Mark Hilliard / The Irish Times
Fianna Fáil's John McGuinness branded the Gsoc report a “cover up” and appealed to the numerous politicians present to raise the issue with their respective parties saying an inquiry was now “absolutely necessary”.
People Before Profit TD Bríd Smith said the report was a “botched piece of work” and “another example of how the Irish State deeply disrespects its citizens and drags them through years and years of pain and agony”.
Gsoc was investigating whether gardaí had committed any criminal offences in their handling of the case and found they had not.
The O'Farrell family has undertaken extensive research into the history of Gridzuiska and say they provided Gsoc with 12 court orders relating to him.
“Shane should be alive. This would never have happened of the gardaí had done their basic duty,” Ms O'Farrell said.
“Bail had no legal meaning for this individual and bail had no legal meaning for the gardaí.”
They said the Gsoc investigation findings lacked detail, did not reflect six years of investigation and did not consider “how the gardaí failed in their duty to adhere to court orders”.
In a report on the case on Tuesday, RTÉ's Prime Time said that in the 19 months prior to Mr O'Farrell's death, Gridzuiska had committed over 25 offences, mainly for heroin possession, theft and handling stolen goods. They were bailed numerous times but continued to commit offences.
It noted in particular that three weeks before Mr O'Farrell's death, Gridzuiska was convicted of theft in Newry, Northern Ireland. This should have led to their imprisonment in the Republic.
“If our justice system had been operating effectively they wouldn't have been in a car on that occasion [of Mr O'Farrell's death], they would have been incarcerated,” Fianna Fáil's justice spokesperson Jim O'Callaghan told the programme.
They said they believed there was a “relaxed attitude” toward the breaching of bail bonds in Ireland.
Nothing ever goes completely according to plan. That being said, it's both tempting and necessary at the beginning of the year to look ahead to where things are going. Here's a short list of things to consider as we look at the road ahead for Linux, open source and the enterprise.
Security: The list of companies and organizations that suffered security breaches last year reads like a who's who of the Internet. Not only were major social and retail destinations -- Snapchat, Wendy's, LinkedIn, Yahoo and more -- targeted, the black hats also went after numerous government agencies and educational institutions. Even tech giants with skin in the security game -- Verizon Enterprise Solutions, Oracle and others -- were successfully breached. This is in addition to the U.S. presidential election-related hacks and other non-hacker security issues, such as a poorly designed Cisco employment website that leaked job seekers' personal information.
Most troubling were breaches that weren't discovered for years, such as the numerous break-ins at Yahoo, or hacks that were first discovered by outside researchers, such as the Oracle intrusion that was first discovered and made public by security researcher Brian Krebs in August.
Although there are already several specialized Linux distributions that are designed to be booted into "live" mode from removable drives to sniff out intrusions after the fact, and to find vulnerabilities on existing installations, expect these to improve, with added open source tools. Also don't be surprised to see even more specialized security distributions developed.
Stronger security measures will also be built-into Linux and other open source projects as well. For example, the Linux distribution Debian, which is used as the base for Ubuntu, is considering making automatic updates the default for new installations -- something that once would have been unthinkable in Linux circles.
Encryption: This year encryption will be such a key issue that it deserves a place on this list of its own, although it's a subset of security.
The most worrisome problem revolves around law enforcement's insistence that encryption technologies be required to include backdoors to allow law enforcement access to encrypted data. While the majority of people in IT recognize that any backdoor would, by definition, be a security vulnerability, lawmakers don't seem to get it -- a situation that's not likely to get any better once Trump takes office. The good news is that in December the House Judiciary Committee's Encryption Working Group came out against mandated back doors.
SSL encryption is certain to become a big issue very shortly, as the next major release of the Chrome browser, version 56.0, will issue warnings to users attempting to access websites that don't offer secure "https" connections. In the past, this would have placed an unreasonable financial burden on non-ecommerce websites for small businesses and personal blogs, which is now somewhat mitigated by the availability of free and open source SSL certificates from Let's Encrypt.
Although this does away with the expense of purchasing certificates, Let's Encrypt's certs are only valid for 90 days. There is free autorenewal software available, but it requires SSH access to install, which is usually not available on shared hosting plans. As SSL encryption becomes more of a necessity for all sites, expect to see hosting companies move to make the free installation of Let's Encrypt certifications a part of their service.
The Cloud: It doesn't take any clairvoyant abilities to predict that, whether open source or proprietary, the cloud will continue to dominate the news in the year ahead. In the private cloud, where open source projects such as CloudStack, OpenStack and ownCloud continue to grow market share, expect to see the line between open source and proprietary blur. Many open source cloud projects are released under Apache or other "permissive" licenses, which allow vendors to relicense them as proprietary. This might create a "buyer beware" situation, as some vendors replace open standards with their own closed formats, creating vendor lock-in.
Also expect to see both public and private cloud deployments to become increasingly more decentralized, with some microservices and other aspects being moved to the Internet's edge, which will not only help decrease Internet traffic, but will allow companies more control for geotargeting and the like.
Operating Systems: Red Hat's RHEL and its free counterpart, CentOS, no longer completely rule the open source server market as they once did. Although both continue to have a strong hold on traditional servers, the one to beat in the cloud is the relative newcomer, Ubuntu, According to The Cloud Market, on New Year's Day there were roughly 209,000 deployments of Ubuntu on Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud. For comparison, second place Windows had about 29,000, followed by RHEL with nearly 18,000. Ubuntu also rules the private cloud. An OpenStack user survey released in April indicated that Ubuntu server use had risen 45 percent since 2015, to 55 percent, followed by CentOS with 20 percent and RHEL with 16 percent.
While there's no reason to believe that this trend won't continue, there will be something of an unknown factor added to the mix this year. SUSE, which was once a solid Linux distribution in the enterprise market, had been reduced to something of an afterthought after being acquired by Novell in 2003. However, under the ownership of Attachmate and now Micro Focus, SUSE has slowly been regaining its footing and seems to be positioned to get back in the game in a major way. How well it does will in large part depend on HPE, which in November named the company as its preferred Linux and open source provider.
Microsoft: No need to repeat once again that the tables have turned in Redmond's relationship with Linux and open source. Suffice it to say, these days Microsoft needs open source more than open source needs it. That's not to say that Microsoft doesn't bring much to the table -- it does. Expect to see Redmond continue to contribute to the open source infrastructure. It's definitely too late for the adversarial relationship to return, now that Microsoft is realizing large profits selling open source solutions through Azure.
CENTRAL MESA NAMED 2018 CHAMBER “TASTE OF THE TOWN” CHAMPION
Downtown Tuscaloosa's Central Mesa has been voted the 2018 Taste of the Town Champion, the Chamber of Commerce of Tuscaloosa announced Tuesday.
Owned and operated by restaurateur Craig Williams, Central Mesa's menu focuses on offering fresh cuisine and signature cocktails. During the Taste of the Town event, which was held during the Chamber's Annual Celebration, attendees were treated to a wide variety of signature dishes from the area's most popular eateries.
“We're fortunate to have a wide variety of excellent restaurants in our community, and we're thrilled so many of our restaurateurs chose to take part in this fun, good-spirited event,” said Jim Page, President and CEO of the Chamber. “All of the food selections were incredible, which made this one tough competition. Congratulations to Craig and their team on a job well-done.”
Williams is also the owner of another popular downtown restaurant, The Avenue Pub.
The full list of restaurants to take part in the Taste of the Town event were 301 Bistro, Bar & Beer Garden; The Avenue Pub; Black Warrior Brewing; Central Mesa; Cypress Inn, Dotson's Burger Spot; Jalapeno's Mexican Grill; Jim N' Nick's; Legend's Bistro; The Levee; Monarch Coffee Bar; OHenry's Coffee; River; The Side By Side; Southern Ale House; Taziki's; and Urban Cookhouse.
A woman and their partner were forced to go home after they couldn't get seats together.
IS THERE such a thing as movie etiquette?
What are the rules or guidelines people should follow when going to the cinema?
If there are no rules and it's best in best dressed should movie goers show a little courtesy towards others?
A Bundaberg woman who asked to remain anonymous wrote about their disappointment after going to watch new release, Why Him?, on Wednesday evening.
They admitted they and their partner arrived just in time to see the movie, but was saddened to see there were no seats near each other, and what made it worse was no one was willing to move to help.
As they moved up and down the aisle people were starring at them and made them feel embarrassed as the box office assistant tried to help.
"We then went down the stairs looking for a place to sit, everyone kept staring and staring no one was willing to move over or shuffle over even when asked,” they said.
"I guess no one likes sitting next to another couple or family.
"(It was) awkward, we had to leave and have our tickets refunded which lead to a disappointing night for us.”
They posted their experience on Facebook asking people to be a little more courteous when it came to cinema etiquette.
It seemed to have sparked a bit of a debate with some posting that people should not have to move because they came in early.
One Facebooker replying with their personal opinion of "why should someone that arrived early and chose the seats that they wanted to have to move? They shouldn't.”
A postesr said was the right thing to do to make room for others.
They said people didn't have to move, but manners could come in to play.
"It's a little thing called common courtesy, it's not at all hard to shift over a seat or two. People are rude and selfish sometimes,” they posted.
The woman said maybe the local cinema could consider implementing the same ticketing system the city cinemas had and others on the Facebook post agreed.
"Allocated seats and a overview of where the numbers are and where people sit” they said would help the issue.
"We should have got there earlier, but I just think It's rude for people not too shuffle over.”
10 STEPS OF MOVIE ETIQUETTE ACCORDING TO THE HUFFINGTON POST
1 Arrive at a movie no less than five minutes before starting time. If you arrive late and you can tell the theatre is near capacity do not go up and down the stairs and aisles looking for seats. If you see two seats randomly empty and the movie has started they are probably taken. It goes unsaid that the people sitting in the front rows have already played this game. They lost and so did you.
2 When inside a packed theatre you can save seats but only until the previews. After that they are fair game. Again, punctuality is rather important when dealing with cinema. If your guests can't make it on time they will have to surrender their seats to those who could.
3 Do not put your foot on the back of the seats or worse between the seats. This is unhygienic and disrespectful. I
4 Do go the movies if you are suffering from a cough of any kind. Obviously if you are sick stay away but if you have a tickle in your throat or just a hacking dry cough it's rude to ruin the movie for everyone else. Wait until it passes to see your movie.
5 I don't know how many times this needs to be said. Do not bring your baby to the movies. There is no exception to this rule. Wait, there is one exception. If you are seeing a movie on the day moms are allowed to bring their children and the theatre is meant only for them. In this case no one should complain.
6 Do not bring a child of inappropriate age to R-rated movies.
7 When they say no talking, texting or tweeting they mean it. Keep your questions, excitement or opinions to yourself. Also put your phone away during the movie. You can put it on vibrate so you know if a call comes through. Everyone should understand the need to take an important call but don't take that call until you are in the hallway making your way out the door.
8 Be mindful of seating etiquette. Don't sit directly in front of people (if there is not stadium seating) before the movie is at least one-quarter full. Do not sit next to someone unless the movie is 50% full. Don't be creepy. There are exceptions to this rule such as if you are at the movie on time with a large party. Sometimes you have no choice but to sit in front of someone. Use your head.
9 Do not ask people to move so you can sit with your group unless it is an absolute last resort. Also don't be offended if they decline. If you wanted to sit with your group you should have been punctual.
10 Open your refreshments before the movie starts in order to limit noise.
It seems right out of a particularly mean-spirited Groucho Marx routine.
A little boy sped through some plastic curtains, knocking them into the face of a pregnant woman eating near the door.
The boy was rushing to collect some chopsticks from their parents, who own the spicy hot pot outlet, local media reported.
The boy's breezy entrance caused the young woman to spill some food. So as the 4-year-old ran back out the door, the woman stuck their foot out to trip him.
Advertisement
The child went flying, landing on their belly. Doctors later confirmed they had a concussion.
The episode, which took place in China's Shaanxi province, was caught on security camera.
And it has quickly made the rounds on the country's social media. The clip has been shared on Weibo at least 67 million times.
One comment about the "Bad Mum To Be," collected from the What's on Weibo website, sums up a common sentiment: "I think this pregnant woman is overreacting. The child is still young and ignorant.
"You can tell them off, but you can't tackle him.  They are carrying chopsticks in their hand - what if you'd really hurt him? You'll be a mother soon, aren't you afraid of your own children being harmed?
"Your aggression is not good for your baby. You're an adult - shame on you!"
Woman deliberately tripped boy after getting hit by plastic door curtains pic.twitter.com/bINNxo0t1b — CGTN (@CGTNOfficial) April 23, 2018
The story has since been covered by several Chinese media outlets.
After the boy told their mother what happened, they pulled the CCTV footage to confirm, then called the police.
"At first I thought my boy tripped himself, but later they told me that the woman tripped him, which was confirmed by other customers in the shop," the boy's mother told the China Youth Daily, according to the South China Morning Post. "I checked the CCTV and was so angry that I called the police."
The woman later turned themselves in and apologised. They offered to pay the boy's medical expenses, and was given a short, suspended police sentence and a US$158 fine.
According to local news outlets, the boy's mother has said they are satisfied with the outcome and glad the woman won't go to jail. "We do not wish to affect her," they told China Youth Daily. "I have children myself. I can understand."
MIAMI, FLORIDA—Acordis Technology & Solutions, the official IT Solutions Provider for the Miami Heat, will be attending and sponsoring the annual Men's Nite Out on May 9th, 2018 at The Signature Grand in Davie, Florida.
The Jewish Federation of Broward County's annual program “Men's Nite Out” is known for drawing motivational speakers for the last 13 years to bring out men to the event. The event has developed a reputation for featuring sought after speakers that has increased attendance of the event over the past 13 years. Past speakers have included quarterback Drew Brees, coaches Bobby Bowden, Mike Ditka and Dick Vitale and Jewish Olympic swimmer Mark Spitz. This year's speaker will be “Mr. October” Reggie Jackson.
Date: May 9, 2018
Location: The Signature Grand, 6900 West State Road 84, Davie, Florida 33331 Time: 6:00 PM (registration begins) (dinner and refreshments will be served).
Who Should Attend: All Professionals that would like to network.
About Acordis International Corp
Acordis is a Florida-based organization that dedicates itself to helping companies increase efficiencies and reduce costs by implementing technological solutions. Acordis is best known for its expertise, performance and knowledge in Data Center & Virtualization, Security, Storage & Backup, Managed IT, Collaboration & Enterprise Networks, Data Management, Infrastructure Management, Digital Signage and Multi-Functioning Printers. Acordis partners with cutting-edge technology manufacturers such as Cisco, Xerox, VMWare, Microsoft, Samsung, HP, Citrix, Barracuda, and many more. For more information, please visit www.acordiscorp.com.
A woman has been taken to hospital in a serious condition following a fire in south Belfast.
Emergency services were alerted to a fire in Donegal Avenue around 5.45pm this evening.
The Northern Ireland Ambulance Service despatched two A&E crews to the scene and following assessment and initial treatment at the scene, a female patient was taken to the Royal Victoria Hospital in a serious condition.
There are no further details at this time.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
Ways to effectively implement the literary their side for creating a profitable essay?
What would be the literary qualities in the essay?
Essays (from the French essa – “endeavor, free trial, essay”) – a prose function small volume level and free composition, articulating individual perception and considerations on a specific issue or problem and surely not proclaiming an exhaustive answer. This new, subjectively coloured message about one thing that has philosophical, historic-biographical, journalistic, literary-vital, well-liked technology or fiction. Essays – an unbiased authored abstract-analytical operate, enlightening the present declare of the certain situation and made up of an answer for the the query of leads and achievable techniques to solve it. Not permitting plagiarism !!! The variety of your essay presumes independence of creativity. All of its appeal is the fact that it can be created on any topic as well as in any model, i.e. about something and something, just after all essay – this is your thinking about that which you noticed, read, and observed. Inside the foreground in the essay may be the author's personality, their thought processes, sensations, mindset to the world. That is the primary installation in the work. On the other hand, we need to recall that, in spite of the freedom creativeness, producing within the style from the essay will not be in anyway simple, due to the fact it is necessary to acquire the very first notion (even on regular substance), an unusual take a look at a problem. Picture, paradox, aphorism – they are the principle distinctive attributes in the model in the essay. To convey private opinion, perfecting the planet this writer of your essay chooses analogies; extracts on a lot of examples; conducts parallels; utilizes all kinds of organizations. The essay is described as the usage of countless creative suggests expressiveness (metaphors, allegorical and parable pictures, symbols, side by side comparisons
Essays: the specificity with the style
Information with the variety of your essay communicate the next capabilities: 1. The title in the essay just isn't directly associated for the subject: excluding reflection the content in the work, they will be the beginning position within the author's reflections, share the connection from the element as well as the entire. 2. The cost-free composition essay-company.com of your essay is subordinated to its internal reasoning, plus the basic concept essays really should be sought in the “motley lace” in the author's reflections. Within this situation The impacted difficulty will probably be analyzed from different aspects. three. If within a work on a literary design a sensible mixture must predominate analysis of your perform of craft with their very own reasoning, then within the essay – obvious author's situation. four. If within the standard formula person qualities of style are made welcome as well as the expressions with the creator from the essays, then inside the essay a person author's model is usually a prerequisite style.
A hard outline with the essay The structure in the essay (taking into account each of the characteristics and information of your question), usually, should include things like this semantic components (which are not really need to be assigned as different parts in the text message):
THE Guidelines OF Crafting THE ESSAY
What are the literary qualities from the essay? How to successfully use the literary their side for composing a winning essay? Essays (in the French essa – “test, demo, essay”) – a prose operate compact volume and free of charge formula, revealing individual perception and concerns on a specific situation or problem and definitely not proclaiming an exhaustive response to. This new, subjectively shaded word about anything which has philosophical, cultural-biographical, journalistic, literary-essential, preferred technology or fiction. Essays – a completely independent created abstract-logical perform, enlightening the current declare of your specific situation and containing a response towards the the question of prospective customers and feasible methods to resolve it. Not allowing plagiarism !!! The style of music in the essay assumes liberty of creativity. All its charm is that it could be created on any subject and then in any type, i.e. about anything and something, following all essay – this is your contemplating whatever you heard, study, and observed. Inside the foreground of your essay would be the author's personality, their views, sensations, perspective in the direction of the globe. This is the main setting up with to operate. Nonetheless, we have to bear in mind that, in spite of the liberty creativeness, composing within the style of the essay is just not in anyway simple, since it is actually necessary to obtain the very first notion (even on regular material), an non-traditional look at an issue. Appearance, paradox, aphorism – they are the key exceptional features from the design and style with the essay. To display private perception, understanding the planet the article author with the essay chooses analogies; extracts on a lot of instances; performs parallels; utilizes a lot of associations. The essay is described essays online as the use of a lot of artistic indicates expressiveness (metaphors, allegorical and parable photos, signs, product comparisons)
How are you able to make an impression on a person …? Try to remember how the website reader you happen to be trying to blend is, without a doubt, an incredibly fast paced user from the committee that has currently studied 20 performs just before you, and whom it truly is necessary to read one other 50 prior to the end in the working moment. It would be wrong bored with this exhausted person, scattering to sublime topics, not launching anything at all of their own. It really is necessary to select a completely comfortable subject to ensure that you can actually write about http://itunes.yale.edu/ them with ideas and knowledge. In the exact same time, it ought to be enough is uncommon to tell apart you in the large of other individuals. Maybe it will be the storyline of your very first pass, while you have been involved in mountaineering. And maybe – remembrances from the lessons on the video game on the balalaika. And the night devoted at the shelter, and those many people, that you just fulfilled there. What ever it turned out, the right parts of one's essay should really be designed in bright and precise language. The key purpose on the essay is always to build an all-encompassing the idea of ??the individuality of one's personality. Concerns within the essay are offered so as to examining it was easy to evaluate the characteristics of your considering, creative capacity, interest and possible. The top solution to attain this can be to write straight and quite frankly, remaining truthful with themselves. Should you are not truthful, you'll find all probabilities, that your chosen function shall be regarded as unnatural and pretentious. In addition, the essay ought to be executed within an eye-catching type, straightforward to study and remain pleasurable to appear at. Start out using the principal – pick a topic, ascertain the preferred size and purpose of each section. Create downward probably the most successful feelings and kind a platform of your upcoming work. The subsequent phase is usually a drawing. Create an notion in every paragraph, get started complicating The building, employing subordinate and widened information. Use “robust” verbs and remake the unaggressive tone of voice within the energetic. At the finish, check the sentence structure and syntax.
49ers will wait until offseason to talk deal with Garoppolo
hello
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo (10) throws against the Houston Texans during the first half of an NFL football game Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Houston. Associated Press
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Jimmy Garoppolo (10) smiles after a play during the second half of an NFL football game against the Houston Texans, Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017, in Houston. San Francisco won 26-16. Associated Press
SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Based on Jimmy Garoppolo's first two starts, it appears the 49ers might have their next franchise quarterback.
But a new contract for the pending free agent is still at least three weeks away from being discussed, coach Kyle Shanahan said Monday.
Shanahan said they don't anticipate the team discussing a long-term agreement with Garoppolo until after the season.
For now, the franchise tag remains a possibility to keep the promising QB off the open market in the spring.
"Obviously, we're very encouraged with how these two games have been," Shanahan said. "We'll see what happens here in the offseason when we get together and can assess everything. But I definitely don't think that's something he's thinking about at this point and it's definitely not something that I'm thinking about either."
San Francisco improved to 2-0 in Garoppolo's starts since taking over for rookie C.J. Beathard, winning consecutive games for the first time since November 2014. Their 627 yards passing in their first two starts are the most by a 49ers quarterback since the merger in 1970.
On Sunday in Houston, Garoppolo completed 20 of 33 for 334 yards with a touchdown and interception in the 49ers' 26-16 victory.
They joined Drew Brees, Ben Roethlisberger and Trevor Siemian as the only active quarterbacks to win their first four starts after going 2-0 last season while filling in for Tom Brady during their suspension.
Shanahan said they were impressed by the way Garoppolo adjusted to Houston's defense that had a noticeably different approach than the Bears in their first outing.
The Texans used more blitzes to stress San Francisco's offensive line that was missing right tackle Trent Brown, who sat with a shoulder injury.
Garoppolo was sacked twice and hit nine times in the game. They delivered passes on target throughout the game even with defenders in their face.
Dealing with pressure in a game setting is something Shanahan hasn't been able to simulate on the practice field during their brief time with the team. Garoppolo was acquired via trade in late October.
"We learn something every time we play with him. It's nice to have film, two games to go off of. It will be nice to have more. But we're still learning him, we'll continue to learn them throughout the year," Shanahan said.
Shanahan said Brown, who missed two of the past three games with a shoulder injury, may not play Sunday against Tennessee. It was decided over the weekend that they would sit against Houston after the injury worsened since they played the previous week in Chicago.
"I have no expectations with it. Hopefully I'll get more information here in the next couple of days," Shanahan said.
Rookie cornerback Ahkello Witherspoon, who left Sunday's game in the fourth quarter with a knee injury, had an MRI on Monday that showed no structural damage, which was better news than Shanahan was expecting.
"He'll be day to day. We'll see them when they come in Wednesday to have an idea if they can practice, be limited or what their status will be," Shanahan said.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
A seriously injured 62-year-old man is being flown to Christchurch Hospital after a suspected farm-related accident.
The man was injured on Brothers Rd in Cavendish, near Ashburton, at 11.08am, a St John spokesperson said.
No further details were available.
IMAGE: CNS photo/Tyler Orsburn
By
WASHINGTON (CNS) — The Trump administration Oct. 6 issued interim rules expanding the exemption to the contraceptive mandate for religious employers, such as the Little Sisters of the Poor, who object on moral grounds to covering contraceptive and abortion-inducing drugs and devices in their employee health insurance.
The contraceptive mandate was put in place by the Department of Health and Human Services under the Affordable Care Act.
While providing an exemption for religious employers, the new rules maintain the existing federal contraceptive mandate for most employers.
President Donald Trump had pledged to lift the mandate burden placed on religious employers during a White House signing ceremony May 4 for an executive order promoting free speech and religious liberty, but Catholic leaders and the heads of a number of Catholic entities had criticized the administration for a lack of action on that pledge in the months that followed.
From the outset, churches were exempt from the mandate, but not religious employers. The Obama administration had put in place religious accommodation for nonprofit religious entities such as church-run colleges and social service agencies morally opposed to contraceptive coverage that required them to file a form or notify HHS that they will not provide it. Many Catholic employers still objected to having to fill out the form.
The HHS mandate has undergone numerous legal challenges from religious organizations, including the Little Sisters of the Poor and Priests for Life. A combined lawsuit, Zubik v. Burwell, made its way to the U.S. Supreme Court, where the justices in May 2016 unanimously returned the case to the lower courts with instructions to determine if contraceptive insurance coverage could be obtained by employees through their insurance companies without directly involving religious employers who object to paying for such coverage.
MORE TO COME
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
___
Sell-off in industrial, tech stocks sends Dow down 400
NEW YORK (AP) — After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
___
Advertisement
US sales of new homes shot up 4 percent in March
WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West. The Commerce Department says sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of the year, sales are running 10.3 percent higher than a year ago.
___
Southwest has been faced with fines, union safety complaints
DALLAS (AP) — Until last week, Southwest Airlines had a string of 47 years without a passenger dying in an accident. But it has also paid millions in fines over safety. Recently its mechanics union accused the airline of taking shortcuts. Some analysts, however, consider it a safe airline. Its safety record is coming under scrutiny after an engine failure at 32,000 feet last week hurled shrapnel at a Southwest jet, breaking a window and killing a passenger.
___
Lawmakers: EPA security chief improperly runs outside firm
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic lawmakers say the security chief for Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt has been operating an outside consulting firm without proper approval from ethics officials. Pasquale "Nino" Perrotta was tapped by Pruitt last year to lead their 20-member personal protective detail. Perrotta also is the top executive at Sequoia Security Group. The Democratic lawmakers want an agency ethics official to examine whether Perrotta's outside employment violates agency rules.
___
Senator warns bankers that Dodd-Frank relief could stall
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is warning bankers that legislation rolling back financial rules put in place after the 2008 economic crisis could stall. Warner says legislation revamping the law known as Dodd-Frank "will not pass if it comes back to the Senate" for another vote. Their comments are a warning shot to House Republicans. They want to amend Senate-passed legislation that would provide regulatory relief for banks.
___
Ex-Yahoo paying $35M to settle SEC charges over 2014 hack
WASHINGTON (AP) — The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The company neither admitted nor denied the allegations.
___
Consumer watchdog becomes alphabet soup of controversy
NEW YORK (AP) — The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is dead. Long live the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. That's the message the Trump administration is pushing, at least, in what on the surface seems like a minor tweak to the name of the federal consumer watchdog agency created after the Great Recession. But critics see it as a not-so-subtle effort to telegraph the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney became acting director last year.
___
Burger King grows; Tim Hortons to get makeover
NEW YORK (AP) — A new burger and a spicy chicken sandwich sold well at Burger King, helping boost profits for its owner Restaurants Brands. But the company's other chain, Tim Hortons, didn't do as well, and Restaurant Brands plans to remodel those stores to try to get more people to come in to buy its coffee and doughnuts.
___
Trump says Mnuchin will travel to China amid trade dispute
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions. Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China "in a few days to negotiate on trade." Trump says the U.S. and China are "very serious" and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $100 billion more on Chinese goods.
___
The S&P 500 index sank 35.73 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634.56. The Dow Jones industrial average finished with a loss of 424.56 points, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024.13. The Nasdaq composite dropped 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks declined 8.84 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,553.28.
Benchmark U.S. crude oil shed 1.4 percent to $67.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 1.1 percent to $73.86 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 1.4 percent to $2.09 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 0.6 percent to $2.13 a gallon. Natural gas rose 1.5 percent to $2.78 per 1,000 cubic feet.
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – Mineral Resources Minister Gwede Mantashe's application for leave to appeal the Pretoria High Court's decision on the ‘once empowered, always empowered' principle under the Mining Charter is regrettable, says Herbert Smith Freehills co-chairperson and partner Peter Leon.
They added that the Minister's actions were particularly disappointing after they had originally indicated that the judgment would not be appealed.
Advertisement
The Department of Mineral Resources on Tuesday confirmed that it had approached the Supreme Court of Appeal to appeal the judgment handed down by the High Court, on April 4, in respect of the application for declaratory orders in relation to the original Mining Charter, 2004 and the revised Mining Charter, 2010.
The High Court had ruled that the first two versions of the country's mining charter had not required producers to top up their black shareholding levels in perpetuity if they previously met the minimum 26% requirement.
Advertisement
“The department is concerned by the implications of the majority judgment on the attainment of the objective to sustainably transform South Africa's mining industry by bringing in new entrants and empowering workers and communities in mining towns.
“The judgment has dire implications for the economic transformation imperatives of the Constitution, the mining sector and South Africa at large. It further has the potential of extending regulatory and policy uncertainty, and sterilisation of our mineral resources, with grave economic growth and employment implications,” the DMR said in a statement issued on Tuesday.
Leon, meanwhile, pointed out that any appeal is unlikely to be heard by the Supreme Court of Appeal until early next year and that any decision taken by that court is likely to be appealed, in turn, to the Constitutional Court.
“This means that any imminent conclusion over the Mining Charter 3 negotiations is unlikely, which is not conducive to regulatory certainty. This looks like a lost opportunity,” they said.
Mantashe has, on several occasions this year, said they wanted Mining Charter 3 to be finalised within a few months.
No Way Jose spoke with WWE on being away from NXT TV and wanting to show the fans their full capabilities. Here are some of the highlights:
Being away from NXT TV:
"I've been away for a little bit. I had to go handle some things, face a little adversity and grow from it. Now I'm back, and the most important thing is what I do from here. Like many people, I began to focus on the past because I wasn't 100 percent satisfied with the present. The more I progressed, the more I seemed to take a step back, and I knew this was a pattern that couldn't continue. Somewhere in there, I lost a part of me, and I knew I had to get it back."
Proving themselves to the NXT Universe:
"NXT is growing, new people are coming in day after day and seem to be shaking things up. What I want to do is figure out what all the fuss is about. I want to see what these new up-and-comers are all about. People like uber-popular Adam Cole, people like the ultra-unique Velveteen Dream and even people like Aleister Black. I have seen what they can do, but I know it's time to show everyone what I am capable of."
Changing up their in-ring style:
"Well, before my last match with Cezar [Bononi], there was a man named Lars [Sullivan], a huge, powerful, anomaly of a man. And what they did was show me that I needed to tone back on what brought me to the dance, which is the dance. I need to tone back on the hip swivels, and I need to turn up the intensity in the ring."
No Way Jose also discussed what's to come for their future. You can check out the full interview by clicking here.
World-class code editing, debugging, performance tooling, a flexible build system, and an instant build/deploy system all allow you to focus on building unique and high quality apps.
Instant Run
Push code and resource changes to your app running on a device or emulator and see the changes instantly come to life. Instant Run dramatically speeds up your edit, build, and run cycles, keeping you "in the flow."
Intelligent code editor
Write better code, work faster, and be more productive with an intelligent code editor that helps you each step of the way. Android Studio is built on IntelliJ and is capable of advanced code completion, refactoring, and code analysis.
Fast and feature-rich emulator
Install and run your apps faster than with a physical device and test your app on virtually any Android device configuration: Android phones, Android tablets, Android Wear, and Android TV devices. The new Android Emulator 2.0 is faster than ever and allows you to dynamically resize the emulator and access a suite of sensor controls.
Robust and flexible build system
Easily configure your project to include code libraries and generate multiple build variants from a single project. With Gradle, Android Studio offers high-performance build automation, robust dependency management, and customizable build configurations.
What's New:
This update to Android Studio 3.1 includes fixes for the following bugs:
In some cases, Android Studio hung indefinitely during exit.
Builds configured with source sets failed with the following message when Instant Run was enabled: "The SourceSet name is not recognized by the Android Gradle Plugin."
When Instant Run was enabled, builds of new Kotlin projects failed when triggered by the Run command.
During editing of the build.gradle file, there was sometimes a noticeable delay between typing a character and the character appearing on the screen.
Build failures occurred during dexing in some projects with large numbers of modules or external dependencies, with the following error message: "RejectedExecutionException: Thread limit exceeded replacing blocked worker"
The computation of the D8 main DEX list was not taking into account some reflective invocations.
This update also includes changes that make running lint checks from Gradle much faster in some scenarios.
What's new in Android Studio 3.1.0:
Android Studio 3.1.0 is a major release that includes a variety of new features and improvements.
IntelliJ 2017.3.3
The core Android Studio IDE has been updated with improvements from IntelliJ IDEA through the 2017.3.3 release. Improvements include better control flow analysis for collections and strings, improved nullability inference, new quick fixes, and much more.
For details, see the JetBrains release notes for IntelliJ IDEA versions 2017.2 and 2017.3, as well as the JetBrains release notes for bug-fix updates.
SQL editing improvements with Room
When you use the Room database library, you can take advantage of several improvements to SQL editing:
Code completion within a Query understands SQL tables (entities), columns, query parameters, aliases, joins, subqueries, and WITH clauses.
SQL syntax highlighting now works.
You can right-click a table name in SQL and rename it, which also rewrites the corresponding Java or Kotlin code (including, for example, the return type of the query). Renaming works in the other direction, too, so renaming a Java class or field rewrites the corresponding SQL code.
SQL usages are shown when using Find usages (right-click and choose Find usages from the context menu).
To navigate to an SQL entity's declaration in Java or Kotlin code, you can hold Control (Command on Mac) while clicking the entity.
For information on using SQL with Room, see Save data in a local database using Room.
Updates to data binding
This update includes several improvements for data binding:
You can now use a LiveData object as an observable field in data binding expressions. The ViewDataBinding class now includes a new setLifecycle() method that you use to observe LiveData objects.
The ObervableField class can now accept other Observable objects in its constructor.
You can preview a new incremental compiler for your data binding classes. For details of this new compiler and instructions for enabling it, see Data Binding Compiler V2.
Benefits of the new compiler include the following:
ViewBinding classes are generated by the Android Plugin for Gradle before the Java compiler.
Libraries keep their generated binding classes when the app is compiled, rather than being regenerated each time. This can greatly improve performance for multi-module projects.
Compiler and Gradle
The D8 compiler is now used by default for generating DEX bytecode.
This new DEX compiler brings with it several benefits, including the following:
Faster dexing
Lower memory usage
Improved code generation (better register allocation, smarter string tables)
Better debugging experience when stepping through code
You don't need to make any changes to your code or your development workflow to get these benefits, unless you had previously manually disabled the D8 compiler. If you set android.enableD8 to false in your gradle.properties, either delete that flag or set it to true:
android.enableD8=true
For details, see New DEX compiler.
Complete release notes here.
Previous versions:
0:15 An explosive way to get a bottle of sparkling wine ready for sale Pause
0:54 Dan Baum's advice for Top 20 Under 40 winners
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:53 Arty McGoo demonstrates how to decorate a Valentine's Day cookie
AUGUSTA,Ga (WJBF) Those coming to the Cyber Center will be paying the city to park their car.
Augusta will be collecting parking fees from the multi-level deck being built for the center.
“If we own it we're going to be in a situation where it's going to be profitable for the city and it will generate some revenues for the city,” says Commissioner Bill Fennoy.
The city plans to use fees from the parking deck to help pay back the money the city will borrow to build its
But some commissioners have concerns about the city being in charge of staffing and maintaining the Cyber center parking deck.
“Some of the research we've done and when you look at how much it is to maintain the deck I don't think that is something we want to go down I don't think our budget can handle how much it will be to maintain that deck,” says Commissioner Sean Frantom.
“Will we be in charge of maintaining it though?”
“I think that is something we are looking at I think we are comfortable with that but in terms of being comfortable with it again it's a matter of how do we not only fund that we've got a deck that's here right now from an M- and O stand point operation and maintenance standpoint it's not very expensive to do that,” says Mayor Hardie Davis.
“There will be some costs but what I'm waiting for is to for the Administrator to bring us a complete package but how it will be funded how it will be operated and if I like it I will support it and If I don't I would like to see changes made,” said Commissioner Fennoy.
Parking decks do cost money to staff and maintain they budget for the Reynolds Street parking deck for this year is a little more than 189 thousand dollars.
MERRY CHRISTMAS: Gillian Jenney, Katherine Reid, Emily Cleaver, Sandy Davis and Jamie McGrain with the Bundaberg Visitor Information Centres Christmas tree.
MERRY CHRISTMAS: Gillian Jenney, Katherine Reid, Emily Cleaver, Sandy Davis and Jamie McGrain with the Bundaberg Visitor Information Centres Christmas tree. Mike Knott BUN081217TREE1
VISITORS to the Bundaberg Visitor Information Centre will find a Christmas tree that's about as Bundy as you'll get.
Volunteer Emily Cleaver decided to make a tree with Bundaberg drink boxes, including ginger beer and rum.
Bundaberg North Burnett Tourism general manager Katherine Reid said the tree had received a lot attention and coincided with the launch of the new Bundaberg Drinks Tour.
"We thought it would be a fun idea,” they said.
Ms Reid said it was a good way to show off products the region has to offer.
"We have to say though, we didn't drink everything that's in those boxes - the suppliers gave them to us empty,” they laughed.
The sixth day of the exams was the longest. It was brutal. I had French in the morning and history in the afternoon, so there was a lot of writing.
It's been tough, both physically and mentally. One day, we're learning Irish poetry and the next, trying to familiarise ourselves with the French vocabulary around Brexit.
That said, I'm quite relieved the worst of it is over and I'm happy with the tests so far.
French had a lot of questions about our opinions, and our teacher warned us that the examiners try to discourage us from rote learning off a number of essays and instead get us to critically engage with the question by putting a spin on it.
So, Brexit was expected, but the spin of the consequences for Ireland may not have been. Luckily, our teacher had prepared us.
Brexit is Leaving Cert 2017 what the 1916 Rising was to Leaving Cert 2016. It has come up on the Irish, French and geography papers, and it even formed the basis of a question on the maths paper.
That might not be for everyone but it has suited me.
I've accounting and economics next week, and would be very surprised if Brexit isn't at least on the economics paper, because there's usually an attempt to link current affairs in the “c” part of each question. There may also be a question on Iarnród Éireann being nearly insolvent.
I think my generation are realising that Brexit will have consequences for us, and it's something I am interested in because I'm hoping to study global commerce in NUI Galway and it will have reverberations for business.
Interesting times
We're living through an interesting time in history, and the history exam did show us that history repeats itself.
It's really interesting to look back at Ireland 100 years ago and compare the situation to today: back then, we couldn't get away from Britain fast enough, now we're worried about losing those links.
Six days down, seven – including the weekend – to go. I haven't felt either nostalgic or excited about the future, it's all tunnel vision for the exams.
The brain is a bit fuzzy at this stage, so I'll be taking an evening off and then getting back to it.
It's only a few more days and it will be worth the effort, so I'm going to avoid distractions and plough on through.
Nearly there.
I honestly don't know how we will feel when it is all finished.
There were no major incidents in Hamtilon City Centre after Seven's fans witnessed New Zealand gain top spot in their pool.
New Zealand's Regan Ware in action against France on day one of the Hamilton Sevens. Source: Photosport
A last minute try to All Blacks Sevens Joe Ravouvou guaranteed their position, winning 17-12 over Argentina.
A Police spokesperson told 1 NEWS, "it was very busy in the CBD and at local bars, with some interesting costumes, and generally a well-behaved crowd."
They said it was a slightly busier Saturday night than usual however there was no noticeable increase of arrests.
Undefeated across yesterday's pool play, the All Blacks Sevens will now go on to face England in today's quarter-final after the latter's loss to South Africa.
It was a solid day for Clark Laidlaw's troops.
In yesterday's earlier matches, the Kiwis demolished France 52-7, while a Koroi playmaking masterclass guided them to a 24-5 win over Scotland.
The Otago-based teen was in stunning form against the Scots, setting up first-half tries to Tim Mikkelson and captain Scott Curry before scoring their own.
Scotland eventually beat out Argentina and France to a quarter-final berth via head-to-head after all three sides finished pool play on five points.
They'll play the fearsome Blitzbokke, who made light work of the English in Pool B's afternoon crunch match with a 28-7 triumph.
Elsewhere, Australia failed to secure top spot in Pool A after going down 26-15 in a winner-takes-all clash with Olympic gold medallists Fiji.
In a seesawing clash, the two sides traded tries until Fiji pulled away in the second half with a long-range Jasa Veremalua effort and an Eroni Sau clincher.
They'll go on to face Pacific neighbours Samoa in today's quarter-finals, while the Sydney Sevens-winning Australians will take on Kenya.
SUNDAY'S HAMILTON SEVENS QUARTER-FINALS:
Participation in advanced-level math and science classes in high school is a strong predictor of success in college, regardless of the grade earned in the class or whether it results in college credit, studies show.
Yet as many as two-thirds of Oklahoma high schools report they don't offer calculus or physics, leaving swaths of the state devoid of these classroom opportunities, according to data for the 2014-2015 school year, reported by schools to the U.S. Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights.
Calculus and physics aren't needed for a high school diploma, and schools may offer other high-level math and science courses, such as statistics. But calculus and physics are regarded as key concepts used in many other disciplines. And the classes are essential for entry into well-paying careers in science, technology, engineering and math, or STEM, as well as medicine.
At the least, offering such rigorous courses – or a lack of them – sends a message to students about expectations, some experts say.
“Offering a variety of advanced classes — AP or IB courses, as well as advanced math and science — tells students that the school expects them to complete a rigorous course of study, and believes in their ability to do so,” said Natasha Ushomirsky, K-12 policy director for The Education Trust, a national nonprofit advocacy organization. “Offering no such courses sends a very different message.”
AP, or Advanced Placement, and IB, or International Baccalaureate, are high school classes offering more challenging work than the standard curriculum.
For students whose school doesn't offer advanced classes, there are alternatives, such as tuition-free community college courses, technology center programs or online classes. But students may be deterred from those by fees, transportation challenges or scheduling complications.
Another option for high school students is concurrent enrollment in college, but administrators at several community colleges say students are not clamoring to enroll in calculus or physics. Of the 1,800 high school students enrolled at Tulsa Community College, just 31 are taking analytic geometry or calculus. Two are in physics.
The latest state rankings available from the U.S. Education Department – from the 2011-2012 school year – show that Oklahoma had the third lowest percentage of schools reporting they offered calculus, with 34 percent, just above Alaska and North Dakota. Oklahoma schools reported the second lowest percent offering physics, at 36 percent, above only Alaska.
And although Oklahoma reported one of the highest percentages of high school availability of Algebra 1, at 95 percent, that, too, could be interpreted as a sign the state is lagging. To reach calculus by senior year, students should complete Algebra 1 in middle school.
The self-reported data likely contains some discrepancies, such as whether a school counts pre-calculus as a calculus course, and may not capture the full availability of courses in districts that rotate offerings every other year. Additionally, some districts disputed the numbers published by the department. But the data collection is subject to a series of embedded checks to ensure significant data errors are corrected before districts submit, according to the federal Education Department.
Where Calculus Is, and Isn't
Oklahoma Watch's mapping of high schools offering – and not offering – calculus and physics in 2013-2014 show large areas and many schools with no availability on campus. Dozens of schools that offered one course or the other had relatively few students enrolled in the class.
The math and physics “deserts” are especially evident in southeast, north central and far northwest Oklahoma, including the Panhandle. But even in mid-size and larger cities, scarcities exist.
Using federal data from school year 2013-14, Oklahoma Watch mapped all of the state's high schools, assigning a blue circle to those offering at least one calculus (or physics) course and a red circle to those with none. The data was self-reported by schools to the U.S. Department of Education's Office of Civil Rights. Pre-calculus classes are not included. A sample check of some districts found several discrepancies; district officials said their data was recorded incorrectly. As a result, circles for five schools in Tulsa, Ardmore and Stillwater were changed from red to blue.
Calculus
Physics
Interviews with high school principals across the state reveal a wide range of calculus and physics availability, from high schools offering a full suite of math and science classes to those offering the bare minimum for students to graduate.
There are small districts scraping by with one math teacher and medium-sized districts struggling to hire physics or calculus teachers. Oklahoma City and Tulsa, public schools offer numerous advanced math and science opportunities at some high schools and one or none at others.
At Plainview High School near Ardmore, 20 percent of the school's graduating seniors this year are taking calculus – an increase from 2013-14. The 1,500-student district encourages middle school students to take Algebra 1, setting them up for calculus by senior year.
North of Stillwater in Morrison Public Schools, just two of the district's 570 students are enrolled in calculus, and it's an online course. The high school offers two STEM classes but they are electives, not for math or science credit. Physics isn't offered.
Within the state's largest urban districts, availability of these classes is unequally distributed. The Office of Civil Rights data collected from schools shows calculus was offered at six of Oklahoma City Public Schools' 10 high schools, and just one offered physics. In Tulsa Public Schools, two of its nine high schools offered calculus and all but two had physics, the data shows.
However, the Tulsa district said it actually had more calculus and physics classes than the federal data reflects, attributing the discrepancy to the reporting process. Four of its high schools offered no calculus, and only one no physics.
At Booker T. Washington High School, a Tulsa magnet school, for instance, students have access to a full range of advanced math and science classes, including 15 calculus classes and 10 physics classes. Other offerings at the 1,300-student school include 24 AP courses and 41 IB courses.
Three miles away, at McLain High School for Science and Technology, a Tulsa magnet school that, according to the district, emphasizes math and science, there are no physics classes and just one pre-calculus class for 600 students.
Behind the Gaps
School administrators say it's not that they don't want to offer calculus or physics. They cite a lack of resources, whether the funding to pay a teacher's salary or the lack of a teacher qualified to teach it.
“Math and science teachers are hard to get. We're lucky to find somebody that's certified to come to our school, because they can usually find a bigger school that pays a little better,” said Brent Drury, principal of Olustee High School, which has 159 students and one math teacher this year. The southwestern Oklahoma school doesn't offer calculus, and alternates between Algebra 3 and trigonometry each year.
A Tulsa Public Schools spokesperson said the district is committed to making course offerings more equitable across the district. Oklahoma City, too, says it is working to increase the rigor of its classes.
“We've spent a lot of our energy focusing on the students that were behind. And we didn't focus as much energy on the students that were prepared and able to do more rigorous coursework, ” said Brad Herzer, the Oklahoma City Public Schools' interim curriculum director of PK-12 schools. “There's been a shift. We need to focus on both groups.”
Finding a teacher to teach calculus or physics is a hurdle many schools that want to offer the courses struggle to overcome.
When the physics teacher at Cushing High School — a former astronaut — retired last year, Principal Jim Lauerman couldn't find a replacement. So the course was cut from the school's offerings, and some of the students interested in physics ended up in calculus instead.
“It hurts,” Lauerman said. “In some of the lower classes, you could find somebody to wing it, but not in physics or calc. That's not something you can wing.”
Oklahoma is already facing a teacher shortage, with a record 1,082 emergency certified teachers in classrooms around the state. Competition for advanced math and science teachers is stiff, administrators say, and includes not just other school districts but private sector jobs, too.
‘Path of The Least Resistance'
The need for workers skilled in math and science has been well documented, especially in Oklahoma where jobs in aerospace and oil and gas are plentiful when the economy is good.
A new report by testing company ACT found Oklahoma students' interest in STEM careers is on par with the national average. But students here fall far short of being prepared for success in STEM fields.
Of Oklahoma seniors who took the ACT test in 2016, half were interested in STEM but only 17 percent of those interested students met benchmarks showing preparedness for a STEM career.
Plainview High School Principal Brian Nickel says students need more than access to advanced courses — sometimes they need a little push. Of the school's 100 seniors, 20 are taking AP calculus.
There are always a handful of students propelled by a desire to be valedictorian or attend an Ivy League school. Many, many others are intelligent but not as motivated, they said.
“Their natural inclination is to take the path of the least resistance,” Nickel said. “We have to work really hard to tell our kids and reinforce that putting yourself through the grind … is worth it.”
Party Law draws EU eyes
A European parliamentarian has submitted a “priority question” to Europe's high representative for foreign affairs, Frederica Mogherini, urging strong action against Cambodia in response to recent threats by Prime Minister Hun Sen to dissolve opposition parties.
Legislation proposed on Monday by the ruling Cambodian People's Party would give authorities the power to dissolve political parties that violate a law or threaten the “security of the state” or “national unity”, and would bar convicted criminals from holding leadership positions.
Longtime opposition leader Sam Rainsy, who has been convicted in a raft of criminal defamation suits filed by ruling party figures, resigned on Saturday to prevent the Cambodia National Rescue Party from being dissolved.
But Ramon Tremosa i Balcells, an MEP with the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe (ALDE), argues that criminalising political parties will derail Cambodia's fragile democracy, and that the EU should take a bigger role to prevent this.
“We have been trying to deal with this through political dialogue, but we think it's not enough anymore. Mogherini has to raise the bar to change this,” Tremosa said yesterday.
“The threat to dissolve the CNRP is politically motivated. We don't understand how they can threaten to dissolve a party that is so popular, that got so many votes in 2013 despite the breaches and irregularities. The EU needs to act if it wants to remain credible.”
Every European parliamentarian can raise one urgent issue a month, and the high commissioner is obliged to respond to the questions within four to six weeks.
In a document obtained by The Post, Tremosa asks what the European Commission will do to ensure the upcoming elections in Cambodia are credible, and how political dialogue will prevent a one-party system from being established in the Kingdom.
According to Tremosa, the EU should use its economic clout to ensure political plurality and human rights are respected. The European Union is the largest market for Cambodia's biggest export sector, the garment industry.
EU Ambassador to Cambodia George Edgar yesterday agreed it's in the country's long-term interest to ensure elections offer Cambodians a choice, but stressed that Tremosa's questions would be answered by the high commissioner “in due course”.
“We look to the authorities to ensure a political and legislative environment in which opposition parties and civil society can function freely,” Edgar said.
Opposition MP Mu Sochua met with Edgar on Monday to discuss the current political situation, and to pressure for further EU assistance with local elections in June.
“All existing barriers to a fair and equitable participation of all political parties should be eliminated for an environment conducive to free and fair elections,” Sochua said. “The CNRP appeals to the EU to provide full funding as well as technical support to the [National Election Committee] to protect the security of the voter list.”
A nationwide voter education campaign should be launched by the NEC and relevant NGOs, and election observers should be trained by mid-March, Sochua added, stressing that the new voter and campaign regulations will be “complicated.”
Sam Kuntheamy, director of election watchdog NICFEC, agreed the NEC should focus on voter education, but said he's “not very concerned” about the accuracy of the voter list.
Still, international entities like the EU could wield important influence in the way the elections are carried out, Kuntheamy said.
“They could pressure the NEC because they are a big donor,” they said. “The NEC is going to listen to the EU.”
But Council of Ministers spokesperson Phay Siphan yesterday denied such pressure was necessary, saying instead that the EU should be aiding Cambodia in dealing with criminals like Rainsy. “Cambodia has the right to take care of itself,” they said.
“We don't want a criminal person to be a political leader. We are strengthening the rule of law, and I hope the European Union will help Cambodia. We should be together to fight impunity.”
ROME: Lazio defeated Juventus for the first time in four years with a 3-2 triumph in the Italian Super Cup on Sunday (Monday in Manila) with victory secured by an injury-time goal from substitute Alessandro Murgia.
Ciro Immobile gave Lazio a 2-0 lead with a 31st-minute penalty and 52nd-minute header before Juventus forward Paulo Dybala pulled the Serie A champions and Italian Cup winners level thanks to a free kick after 85 minutes and a last-minute penalty.
But Lazio had the last laugh when Murgia turned in a cross from fellow substitute Jordan Lukaku, the brother of Manchester United star Romelu, in the third minute of stoppage time.
“My team deserve this honour, they made a wonderful match and deserved to lift the trophy in front of our fans,” said Lazio coach Simone Inzaghi.
“This victory will bring us satisfaction for the rest of our lives.”
Juve coach Massimiliano Allegri admitted their side had failed to perform to their usual standards as Lazio recorded a first win over the Turin giants since January 2013.
“Lazio deserved to win. We only got into the game in the final half-hour — in the first half we didn't play,” they said.
“Then we started to widen our game, to cover the pitch but we should have done it from the start.”
Juventus, the Champions League runners-up, were on the front foot at the start at the Olympic Stadium and could have been ahead inside the first five minutes.
Alex Sandro caught the Lazio defense napping with a break down the left wing but Juan Cuadrado's close-range snapshot was smartly turned away by Lazio goalkeeper Thomas Strakosha.
The Albanian international goalkeeper had to be alert again just moments later to save from Argentina striker Gonzalo Higuain.
However, Lazio, defeated 2-0 by Juventus in the Coppa Italia final at the end of last season, quickly settled and deservedly grabbed the lead on the half-hour mark.
Veteran goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon was slow off their line to meet the onward rushing Immobile who was brought down inside the area as they attempted to dribble the ball past the 39-year-old.
Buffon was yellow-carded for the foul before Immobile, a former Juve youth player, buried the penalty kick to the left of the ‘keeper.
Buffon made amends moments later when they pulled off a fine double save to deny Dusan Basta and former Liverpool star Lucas Leiva.
Seven minutes into the second half, Immobile made it 2-0 with a fine header past Buffon.
Higuain, dropped by Argentina last week, then poked a chance wide of the Lazio goal in a rare moment of danger before Buffon was called into action again to keep out a stinging drive from Luis Alberto.
However, Dybala, handed the iconic number 10 shirt made famous by the likes of Zinedine Zidane, Andrea Pirlo, Alessandro Del Piero and Roberto Baggio, suddenly showed their worth to Juventus.
First, they bent in a free kick with their left foot around the Lazio wall in the 85th minute to reduce the arrears.
Then the Argentine star held their nerve to convert a last-minute penalty, again with their left foot, after Alex Sandro had been brought down in the area.
But Lazio was not to be denied with the powerful Lukaku storming away from the ageing Juve defense down the left before pulling the ball back for Murgia to slot in the winner.
AFP
British counterterrorism police were investigating after two people were left in critical condition, exposed to an unknown substance a few miles from where a former Russian spy and their daughter were poisoned with a nerve agent.
The Wiltshire Police force declared a "major incident" after a man and a woman in their 40s were hospitalised after being found unconscious Saturday at a residential building in Amesbury, 13 kilometers from Salisbury, where Sergei and Yulia Skripal were poisoned on March 4.
London's Metropolitan Police force said "given the recent events in Salisbury," counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation. British media reported that samples of the mystery substance had been sent to the Portdon Down defense research laboratory for testing.
British police officers stand outside the front door of a residential property in Amesbury, England. Source: Associated Press
Police cordoned off a home and other places the two people visited before falling ill, including a nearby church and a pharmacy, but health officials said there was not believed to be a wider risk to the public.
A major incident is a designation allowing British authorities to mobilize more than one emergency agency.
The emergency services' response echoes that in the case of the Skripals, whose illness initially baffled doctors after they were found unconscious on a park bench in Salisbury. Scientists at Porton Down concluded they had been poisoned with Novichok, a type of nerve agent developed by the Soviet Union during the Cold War.
Britain accuses Russia of poisoning the Skripals, a claim Moscow strongly denies. The poisoning sparked a Cold War-style diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West, including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats from both sides.
The two Amesbury victims were being treated at Salisbury District Hospital, where the Skripals spent weeks in critical condition.
Police said authorities initially believed the latest victims might have taken a contaminated batch of heroin or crack cocaine.
"However, further testing is now ongoing to establish the substance which led to these patients becoming ill and we are keeping an open mind as to the circumstances surrounding this incident," police said in a statement. "At this stage, it is not yet clear if a crime has been committed."
Sergei Skripal, 67, is a former Russian intelligence officer who was convicted of spying for Britain before coming to the U.K. as part of a 2010 prisoner swap. They had been living quietly in Salisbury, a cathedral city 145 kilometers southwest of London, when they were struck down along with their 33-year-old daughter Yulia, who was visiting him.
Residents of the street at the center of the Amesbury investigation — in a quiet neighborhood of newly built houses and apartments — said they had received little information about the unknown substance from authorities.
"Amesbury's a lovely place — it's very quiet, uneventful," said Rosemary Northing, who lives a couple of hundred yards (meters) away from the cordoned-off building. "So for this to happen, and the media response and the uncertainty, it's unsettling."
Neighbors said police cars and fire engines descended on the home late Saturday. Student Chloe Edwards said they saw people in "green suits" — like those worn by forensics officers — and their family was told to stay inside their home for several hours.
"We wanted to know what happened. And with the Russian attack happening not long ago, we just assumed the worst," said Edwards.
Among the sites cordoned off was a Baptist church where the victims attended a community event on Saturday. Church secretary Roy Collins said about 200 people were at the neighborhood event, but "nobody else has suffered any ill-effects."
Police from 40 departments in England and Wales had just returned home in June after months of working on the Skripals' poisoning. Wiltshire Police spent about 7.5 million pounds ($10 million) dealing with the aftermath of the Skripals' poisoning and believe that their front door was contaminated with the nerve agent.
Doctors who treated the Skripals say they have made a remarkable recovery but they still don't know what the long-term prognosis is.
Economic managers see no need to revise growth and inflation expectations but other macroeconomic assumptions, particularly the peso-dollar rate and fiscal projections, have been adjusted to take the latest developments into account.
The interagency Development Budget Coordination Committee (DBCC), in a meeting on Tuesday, decided to keep the official gross domestic product (GDP) target at 7.0-8.0 percent for this year up to 2022.
“[There will be] no change on our target range of 7 to 8 percent for GDP growth as ‘Build Build Build' is expected to boost economic expansion from 2018 to 2022,” Budget Secretary Benjamin Diokno told reporters following the DBCC meeting.
The target inflation range was also kept at 2.0-4.0 percent for 2018 to 2022 and Diokno said that “social programs and measures are expected to mitigate second-round effects” from minimum wage adjustments and fare hikes.
The DBCC acknowledged the impact of the US Federal Reserve's continued policy tightening and subsequently revised the peso-dollar exchange rate assumptions to P50-53:$1 for the period from P49-52 previously.
“On the exchange rate, our view is that given the last fiscal stimulus in the US … there's really no other direction but for the US interest rates to rise. Therefore, there would be some clear movement of money to the US,” Monetary Board member Felipe Medalla said.
Medalla said the DBCC also took into consideration the fact that capital expenditures in the country were very import intensive.
Fiscal assumptions, meanwhile, were revised upward given an expected boost from Package 1A and 1B of the Comprehensive Tax Reform Program (CTRP).
Package 1A, also known as the Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion (Train) law, was implemented at the start of this year. It raised excise taxes on products such as fuel and cars in exchange for lower personal income tax rates and officials have said that revenues would be used to fund the Duterte government's centerpiece “Build Build Build” infrastructure program.
Package 1B, which will focus on tax amnesties, is expected to be passed later this year. Officials had originally said the measure would hurdle Congress in the first quarter.
The DBCC raised programmed revenues for 2018 to P2.846 trillion, up from the previous P2.789 trillion, with Package 1A and 1B expected to contribute P124.9 billion. This revenue boost is expected to rise to P215.8 billion in 2022.
Revenues are now expected to account for as much as 17.5 percent of GDP or P4.485 trillion in 2022 from 16.3 percent previously.
“The projected increase in the government's revenue take arising from the implementation of the Tax Reform for Acceleration and Inclusion (Train) law and the succeeding packages of the Comprehensive Tax Reform Program strengthens the good fiscal position of the Duterte administration,” Finance Secretary Carlos Dominguez 3rd said in a statement.
This will allow the government to “pursue an aggressive investment policy anchored on much higher spending on infrastructure and human capital development over the medium term,” they added.
The disbursement program was also increased in light of favorable revenue projections.
Disbursements are now targeted to reach P3.370 trillion this year, up from the previous level of P3.313 trillion. As a share of GDP, these are expected to account for 20.5 percent instead of 19.3 percent.
In nominal terms, disbursements are projected to reach as high as P5.259 trillion by 2022.
The programmed budget deficit will be maintained at 3 percent of GDP — P523.7 billion for 2018 and increasing to P774.3 billion in 2022.
The financing program for this year, meanwhile, was revised to a 65-35 mix, still in favor of domestic borrowings, from the previous 74-26. The DBCC explained that the need for local financing had lessened following a pre-funding exercise last year that involved the sale of treasury bonds.
The borrowing mix for next year up to 2022 was set at 75-25 with the government looking to diversify its investor base and tap new markets in the most cost efficient manner, it added.
The country's debt-to-GDP ratio is expected to continue a decline, hitting 38.9 percent in 2022 for the 42.1 percent recorded at the end of 2017.
Images: Readers share their stunning photos of the Port Hills fire
1 Newsreaders have sent in some incredible photos of the fire, which can be seen from almost every part of Christchurch.
Although the focus is on the golf at the Dubai Duty Free Irish Open Championship this week, it was still hard not to miss England's dramatic penalty shoot-out win over Colombia on Tuesday night.
Not everyone at Ballyliffin Golf Club may be as euphoric about an England success in Europe as those across the sheugh on the mainland.
But Irish Open host Rory McIlroy dealt with the question diplomatically on Wednesday.
FILE -- In this Aug. 18, 2016 file photo, Assemblyman Ian Calderon, D-Whittier, addresses the Assembly in Sacramento, Calif. The Assembly approved Calderon's measure that would stop sit-down restaurants in California from providing disposable plastic straws with drinks unless customers request them. The bill now goes to the Senate. Rich Pedroncelli, file AP Photo
GUATEMALA CITY (AP) — Researchers using a high-tech aerial mapping technique have found tens of thousands of previously undetected Mayan houses, buildings, defense works and pyramids in the dense jungle of Guatemala's Peten region, suggesting that millions more people lived there than previously thought.
The discoveries, which included industrial-sized agricultural fields and irrigation canals, were announced Thursday by an alliance of U.S., European and Guatemalan archaeologists working with Guatemala's Mayan Heritage and Nature Foundation.
The study estimates that roughly 10 million people may have lived within the Maya Lowlands, meaning that kind of massive food production might have been needed.
"That is two to three times more (inhabitants) than people were saying there were," said Marcello A. Canuto, a professor of Anthropology at Tulane University.
Advertisement
Researchers used a mapping technique called LiDAR, which stands for Light Detection And Ranging. It bounces pulsed laser light off the ground, revealing contours hidden by dense foliage.
The images revealed that the Mayans altered the landscape in a much broader way than previously thought; in some areas, 95 percent of available land was cultivated.
"Their agriculture is much more intensive and therefore sustainable than we thought, and they were cultivating every inch of the land," said Francisco Estrada-Belli, a Research Assistant Professor at Tulane University, noting the ancient Mayas partly drained swampy areas that haven't been considered worth farming since.
And the extensive defensive fences, ditch-and-rampart systems and irrigation canals suggest a highly organized workforce.
"There's state involvement here, because we see large canals being dug that are re-directing natural water flows," said Thomas Garrison, Assistant Professor of Anthropology at Ithaca College in New York.
The 810 square miles (2,100 square kilometers) of mapping done vastly expands the area that was intensively occupied by the Maya, whose culture flourished between roughly 1,000 BC and 900 AD. Their descendants still live in the region.
The mapping detected about 60,000 individual structures, including four major Mayan ceremonial centers with plazas and pyramids.
Garrison said that this year they went to the field with the LiDAR data to look for one of the roads revealed. "I found it, but if I had not had the LiDAR and known that that's what it was, I would have walked right over it, because of how dense the jungle is."
Garrison noted that unlike some other ancient cultures, whose fields, roads and outbuildings have been destroyed by subsequent generations of farming, the jungle grew over abandoned Maya fields and structures, both hiding and preserving them.
"In this the jungle, which has hindered us in our discovery efforts for so long, has actually worked as this great preservative tool of the impact the culture had across the landscape," noted Garrison, who worked on the project and specializes in the city of El Zotz, near Tikal.
LiDAR revealed a previously undetected structure between the two sites that Garrison says "can't be called anything other than a Maya fortress."
"It's this hill-top citadel that has these ditch and rampart systems ... when I went there, one of these things in nine meters tall," they noted.
In a way, the structures were hiding in plain sight.
"As soon as we saw this we all felt a little sheepish," said Canuto said of the LiDAR images, "because these were things that we had been walking over all the time."
SAFE AND SOUND: A VMR crew and vessel was sent to tow the boat, which was about five nautical miles offshore.
A GROUP of people had to be rescued at sea after their boat started taking on water off the coast of Seventeen Seventy during the weekend.
A Round Hill Volunteer Marine Rescue spokesperson said VMR received a phone call alerting them to the situation about 8.30am on Saturday.
"We put out a call to ask people to help the vessel, which they did,” they said.
"We appreciate everyone's help with the incident.”
A VMR crew and vessel was then sent to tow the boat, which was about five nautical miles offshore, back to the coast.
No one was injured.
The spokesperson said the water had been busy during the Easter weekend and the rescue was an important reminder to people to be safe.
"People need to log on and log off and make sure their radios are working,” they said.
We Filipinos spend a lot of money on educating our kids.
By some estimates, a typical household spends more than 15 percent of its annual budget on education. By comparison, the rest of the world, on average, spends only about 8 percent.
Why do we spend so much on sending our children to school?
The answer is easy to grasp. We love our children, so we send them to the best schools we can afford in the hope that they will graduate and land in good, well-paying jobs. We see investing in education as a wise strategy. And it is…
But, few of us have given much thought to what, exactly, our schools actually teach our children. We just take it on faith that the companies that we hope will hire our children really want the skills taught in our schools.
As it turns out, the most desirable employers in the Philippines value these skills less and less every year.
To understand why this is so, we have to understand that the world we live in today is not the same world your granddad grew up in. The world, today, is a fast-changing, complex place. It is filled with new, unexpected and constantly changing challenges. It is erupting with events and outcomes that are hard or impossible to understand or predict. It is overflowing with so much information that when we try to understand it we are overwhelmed to the point of paralysis. Today's world is a chaotic place that is filled with maddening complexity and ambiguity.
In today's marketplace, rigidly trained professionals have become a liability rather than an asset. After all, today's knowledge and training will likely be obsolete in a year or two. And then what?
To be successful in today's unstable and fast-changing environment, companies need employees who have the skills to perform dependably in a complex and fast-changing business environment. Companies now look to hire job candidates who are comfortable with solving problems and thinking flexibly. They are looking for creative thinkers who can foresee and solve problems before, not after, they arise.
Companies as diverse as Honda, Procter & Gamble, and Google, as part of their hiring process, now screen prospective candidates for thinking and creative skills. They ask seemingly ridiculous questions and administer formal tests to determine whether a candidate has the “right stuff” for the dizzying world in which they will have to do business.
Unfortunately, our high schools and universities here in the Philippines don't seem to be getting the message these employers are sending us. They are providing our children with a suite of professional skills that are woefully obsolete and often counterproductive. As a result, big companies are assigning valuable jobs to graduates in other countries like Singapore, India, Thailand, Malaysia and China, where creativity and innovation are fostered by the educational process, from primary school through high school to the university and beyond.
We are now at a crossroads. If we don't align our country's education system to this new reality, we run the risk of becoming increasingly irrelevant to the economy of both the region and the world. The best jobs will increasingly migrate to other countries.
This problem is not going to be fixed, in the usual way, with new textbooks and syllabi. You cannot just print a textbook or issue a centralized set of rules to produce “instant” creativity. Fostering creativity requires an environment rather than a process. It requires the slow and systematic inculcation of “thinking” skills rather than the rote memorization of rules and techniques.
In order to stay economically relevant in the world that is now unfolding around us, we must restructure our schools and classrooms. We must create an environment where students are comfortable embracing new and unfamiliar ideas, where they are able to detach themselves from existing viewpoints and, most importantly, we must create an environment that kindles in each of them an obsessive passion and curiosity to understand the problems and situations they will confront as professionals and citizens.
Perhaps the most difficult part of this challenge will be encouraging our students to make mistakes, and to learn from these mistakes. Companies like Procter & Gamble already recognize that achieving success requires making mistakes and learning from failure. Our students must learn how to make errors that contribute to success.
Ironically, education here in the Philippines seems designed to crush creativity and innovation. As our children are socialized and educated, they are taught to shun new ideas, reject new approaches and fear change and innovation. The aim of education here seems to be the production of a vast army of identically programmed drones and clones.
It frightens me that the educational system here in the Philippines is making our children dumber, not smarter.
Mark Gordon is a senior professional lecturer of Marketing at the Ramon V. del Rosario College of Business of De La Salle University. An anthropologist by training, they recently developed a course in “Creative Problem-Solving” for marketing students that is designed to address the issues discussed in this essay. The views expressed above are the author's and do not necessarily reflect the official position of DLSU, its faculty and its administrators.
MARK GORDON
SEOUL, South Korea — The U.S., Japan and South Korea began joint exercises Monday to simulate how they would target Kim Jong-un's ballistic missiles in the event of an attack, military officials from South Korea and Japan said.
North Korea last week said the outbreak of war was "an established fact" following another set of U.S.-South Korea exercises — although the isolated country has often issued such fiery rhetoric without action.
Monday's drills involved two U.S. destroyers, as well as one warship each from Japan and South Korea, a South Korean military spokesperson told NBC News.
Related: Trump's North Korea policy could trigger famine, experts warn
The exercises saw the three countries sharing tactical information "during a simulation to target North Korean ballistic missiles," the spokesperson said, adding that they came "in response to growing North Korea's nuclear and missile threats."
The drills were also confirmed to Reuters by Japan's Maritime Self-Defense Force.
Last month, North Korea conducted what it said was its most powerful intercontinental ballistic missile test to date, which it claimed could target anywhere in the U.S.
Any nuclear weapon capable of doing so, however, would also need to carry a small, lightweight warhead and be able to withstand reentry into the Earth's atmosphere.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed FROM DEC. 4: U.S. stealth jet fighters conduct huge air drill over South Korea 0:49 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Experts are unsure exactly how close Kim is to achieving their goal, and many believe they want the weapons to deter the U.S. from trying to topple their regime, rather than to strike them without provocation.
The North has offered to freeze its nuclear and missile programs in exchange for the U.S. stopping its joint drills with South Korea. Russia and China also back what the latter calls a "dual suspension" solution to the standoff.
Earlier this year, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson rejected such a freeze because they said it would effectively enshrine the nuclear capability that North Korea has already achieved and leave little leeway to dismantle its program as it stands, something that would be unacceptable to the U.S.
Stella Kim reported from Seoul. Alexander Smith reported from London.
Future Market Insights (FMI) delivers key insights on the global biologic excipients market in its upcoming report titled “Biologic Excipients Market: Global Industry Analysis 2013–2017 and Opportunity Assessment 2018 – 2028”. In terms of revenue, the global biologic excipients market is projected to register a CAGR of 3.6% over the forecast period owing to various factors, regarding which FMI offers detailed insights and forecasts in this report.
Request for sample Report:https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6982
Global Biologic Excipients Market: Segmental Analysis & Forecast
The global market is segmented based on excipient type, end user and region. Based on excipient type the market is segmented into polymers, sugar alcohols, polysorbates, inorganic salts, amino acids, surfactants and others. Polymers biologic excipients are anticipated to lead the biologic excipients market over the forecast period. Polymer biologic excipients account for the highest revenue share and are anticipated to witness a growth rate of 3.7% over the forecast period.
By end user, the market is segmented into biopharmaceutical manufacturers, contract research organisations/contract manufacturing organisations, and research organisations. Biopharmaceutical manufacturers is the leading segment in the global biologic excipients market over the forecast period. This segment accounts for a relatively higher revenue share, which is expected to register a CAGR of 6.0% over the forecast period.
Global Biologic Excipients Market: Dynamics
Growth of the global biologic excipients market is primarily driven by rising global demand for medicines, greater uptake of biologics driving demand for parenteral formulations, increasing acquisition of contract research organisations, patent expiration of major blockbuster drugs, growing adoption of advanced drug delivery technologies, increasing research in pediatric formulations, growing demand for extended-release or sustained release formulations, increasing demand for oral solid drug formulations, rising demand from emerging economies pushing local drug production, and increasing per capita healthcare expenditure.
However, lack of proper data documentation on gras status of excipients, regulatory audits restricting supply capacity, regulatory hurdles detering novel excipient development, and stability testing of excipients imposing cost liabilities on drug manufacturers are some factors expected to hamper the growth of the global biologic excipients market over the forecast period.
A key trend witnessed in the biologic excipients market is increasing adoption of continuous processing of biologic excipients, dependence of large drug manufacturers on in-house biologic excipients production, vast proportion of imported excipients leading to production delays, and regulatory harmonisation with respect to gradation of excipients. Furthermore, the growing importance of developing biologic excipients by big players in order to enhance their product portfolio, growing importance for manufacturing authorisation, growing market for topical and parenteral applications and compulsory licensing promoting demand for biologic excipients are the key trends likely to be witnessed in the global biologic excipients market.
Global Biologic Excipients Market: Regional Analysis
The North America regional market is projected to dominate the global biologic excipients market, accounting for a maximum revenue share of the global market by 2017 end. The North America, Western Europe, and Asia Pacific markets accounted for 77.3% of the total biologic excipients market share in terms of value in 2017. Revenue from the market in APEJ is estimated to expand at a CAGR of 4.2% over the forecast period.
Some of the key players featured in this report on the global biologic excipients market include BASF Corporation, FMC Corporation, Wacker Chemie AG, Evonik Industries AG, Ashland Global Holdings Inc., Archer-Daniels-Midland Co., Roquette Freres S.A., The Dow Chemical Company, Colorcon Inc., Signet Chemical Co. Pvt. Ltd. This report discusses the individual strategies followed by these companies regarding bringing improvements in their products, creating new manufacturing facilities, market consolidation and advanced R&D initiatives. The report concludes with key takeaways for players already present in the market and new players planning to enter the market.
Visit For Table of Contents: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6982
Everyone is welcome to participate in activities and services at the Mattapoisett Council on Aging, 17 Barstow Street. Most activities are “drop in.” For any questions and/or to register for trips and special events, call 508-758-4110 or e-mail to: coadirector@mattapoisett.net.
Mondays: 8:45 am – Tai Chi (free); 10:00 am – Qi Gong meditative healing (free); 10:00 am – Knitting; 12:00 pm – Strength & Balance (free); 1:00 pm – Scrabble; Foot Care – once a month by appointment.
Tuesdays: 8:45 am – Sport Yoga ($3); 10:00 am – Dance Fit ($4); 10:00 am – Legal Consulting (2nd Tues. of month, free 15 min, by app't); 11:00 am – Walking Group; 12:00 pm – Movie & Pizza (last Tues. of month); 12:30 pm – Art History (once every other month, free); 1:00 pm – Water Color Painting (free); 4:00 pm – CHESS (free).
Wednesdays: 9:30 am – Dance Fit (free); 10:00 am – Men's Group (2nd Wed. of month at Public Library); 10:45 am – Meditation; 11:00 am – Book Club (3rd Wed. of month); 12:00 pm – Strength & Balance (free); 1:00 pm – Bingo; 1:15 pm – Mah Jongg.
Thursdays: Various Trips (call for details); 1:00 pm – Country Line Dance.
Fridays: 8:45 am – Sport Yoga ($3); 9:00 am – Computer Tutor (free, by appointment); 10:00 am – Rx Qi Gong ($6.50); 11:15 am – Chair Yoga ($3); 1:00 pm – Line Dancing (donation).
Upcoming Specials (registration required unless otherwise noted): Jan. 3 at 4:00 pm – CHESS begins at COA; Jan. 5 – Caldera's Restaurant; Jan. 9 – Dental Cleanings at COA (by appt.); Jan. 10 at 12:30 pm – Art History “CityScapes”; Jan. 18 at 11:00 am – Book Club, City of Thieves; Jan. 19 – East Bay Grille; Jan. 21 Friends of COA Annual Meeting at Public Library with Guest Speaker, Jennifer McIntyre of the Historical Society (drop in); Jan. 26 – Airport Grille; Jan. 31 Movie & Pizza, Sully.
Republicans accused the FBI of anti-Trump bias and abusing its power to wiretap American citizens in an explosive four-page memo published on Friday.
The memo, which was written by Republican aides, claimed that the FBI, in seeking court approval to extend surveillance of former Trump associate Carter Page, failed to disclose that the information used to justify the surveillance was based on research provided by former MI5 agent Christopher Steele – research that was originally financed by Democrats.
The memo claimed that this failure raised concerns about the “legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court”. Further, it represented a “troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses related to the FISA process”, a reference to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) of 1978 which obliges the government to secure permission from a judge on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in order to wiretap an individual.
But Democrats renounced the contents of the memo, accusing Republicans of misrepresenting the intelligence information that was provided to the House Intelligence Committee.
Declassify
The release of the memo on Friday occurred after President Trump agreed to declassify the information.
Confirming that the document has been declassified they said it was a “disgrace what's going on in this country”, adding: “A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves.”
In a statement signed by White House Counsel Donald McGahn and attached to the memo, the administration's top lawyer notes that, while disclosing information of this sort is “extremely rare”, declassification is permitted “when the public interest in disclosure outweighs any need to protect the information”.
The bulk of the memo focuses on the work of Christopher Steele, the former MI6 agent who was hired by Fusion GPS to undertake research on then candidate Trump. It claims that Mr Steele, who was also an FBI source, told then deputy attorney general Bruce Ohr that they were “desperate that Donald Trump not get elected and was passionate about them not becoming president”. This proved the “clear bias” of Mr Steele, but was not mentioned in the FBI's FISA application, the memo states.
But Democrats have stressed that the Steele information would have been only one strand of information relied on by the FBI when it applied to the court for the warrant.
The memo also specifically names the FBI and Department of Justice officials who signed the original warrant, and three renewal warrants, for Mr Page's surveillance. They include then FBI director James Comey, former deputy FBI director Andrew McCabe who resigned earlier this week, former acting attorney general Sally Yates who was fired by Mr Trump in January 2017 and the current deputy attorney general Rod Rosenstein.
Anti-Trump bias
The memo also mentions texts sent between former FBI official Peter Strozk and Lisa Page, who were involved in an extra-marital affair, and which showed anti-Trump bias. Both have since been reassigned.
Following the publication of the memo, the FBI Agents Association issued a statement stating that agents would not be distracted by “partisan politics”.
“The men and women of the FBI put their lives on the line every day in the fight against terrorists and criminals because of their dedication to our country and the constitution. The American people should know that they continue to be well-served by the world's preeminent law enforcement agency. FBI Special Agents have not, and will not, allow partisan politics to distract us from our solemn commitment to our mission.”
Not all Republicans backed Mr Trump's stance. In a statement, Republican senator John McCain said: “The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests – no party's, no president's, only Putin's.”
Watch: Sydney CBD high-rise engulfed with flames after scaffolding catches on fire
Workers have described the speed with which building lit up - "You could see balls of hay catching on fire."
Drugs, a sum of cash and a semi-automatic shotgun have been seized in Dublin as part of a Garda operation targeting organised crime.
On Monday, gardaí observed the firearm being handed over between two vehicles in the Finglas area. The vehicles were stopped and the weapon was recovered.
A man (31) and woman (53) were arrested and are being detained at two different Dublin Garda stations. They can be held for 72 hours.
In follow-up searches, a “substantial” amount of cocaine worth about €140,000 was recovered, along with suspected heroin and a mixing agent with an estimated value of €900,000 (subject to analysis).
The seizure was the result of an intelligence-led operation targeting an organised crime group in Dublin south and west, according to gardaí.
Investigations are continuing.
Off the Kerb Productions have brought this show to the Fringe before, and it became an absolute hit – one of the highlights of the festival for many people. They are back this year, and while the format is basically the same, this continues to be a perfect example of just what is possible when enough imagination and energy are put behind an idea for a show which is completely off the chain.
Matt Tedford, portraying the Iron Lady, launches themselves into the world of Saturday night entertainment. In doing so, they actively pay tribute to the games shows of yester-year hosted by the likes of Cilla Black and Bruce Forsythe – who both appear in the show. It is a titanic performance from Tedford, who is so immersed in the character that the idea of anyone else filling this role is unimaginable. There is a brilliant air of poking fun and ridicule that, while possibly more accessible for those who lived through Thatcherism itself, is something which everyone can laugh at. This atmosphere is never lost because Tedford has total control with their commanding stage presence and voice. It is an hour of light entertainment and political debauchery, dictated by its eponymous star.
Thatcher calls people out from the audience to get them to participate in a variety of games, such as using a wrecking ball to knock down an NHS tower block and completing a Brexit obstacle course. It is great fun to watch these games, and those who do not compete still get to cheer and applaud and feel involved in the show.
Between the games, Thatcher performs musical numbers interwoven with a plotline intentionally similar to A Christmas Carol, chosen possibly because of the irony of referencing a story that embodies Dickens' socialist views. These are also incredibly entertaining, with a variety of other political figures coming into play such as Nigel Farage and Jeremy Corbyn. The best by far is Angela Merkel, who almost steals the show out from underneath Thatcher's nose during their duet of ‘Anything Goes' from Annie Get Your Gun and remains a thorn in the former Prime Minister's side for the rest of the show. That such a well-rehearsed show can still make room to include recent political events speaks wonders to the talent and adaptability of all the cast.
The effect of all of these factors put together is not just the occasional chuckle or snigger. It is sixty minutes of full-blown hysterics. This show causes pain in the stomach muscles and makes jaw bones throughout the venue ache. The jokes are never flat or cliché; they all hit the mark spectacularly. This also makes the show immensely engaging, so those watching will never miss a moment of what is quickly becoming a Fringe classic.
Margaret Thatcher: Queen of Game Shows incorporates so much of what makes a perfect comedy show. It is well written, it involves its audience and never stops feeling fresh. Those who have still to see this show will not be disappointed. In fact, even their best expectations will not come close to how much they will enjoy this monumental piece of Fringe magic.
Margaret Thatcher: Queen of Game Shows
Assembly @ George Square Gardens
Until 28th August (not 14th).
Buy tickets here
Image: Andy Hollingworth
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Training
* Certification
* Veterans Industry:
* Education Location:
* Alpharetta - Georgia - US Subject:
* Services
Contact
Suhaan Kkhanna
***@msystraining.com Suhaan Kkhanna
End
--: MSys Training has decided to continue their Veterans special classes on PMP, LSSGB, LSSBB, PMI-ACP and ITIL Foundation. In March 2017, MSys had initiated the "Give Back to the Society" campaign to do something for our soldiers and veterans who have scarifies a lot to save our freedom.While talking about this initiative, Suhaan Kkhanna, director of MSys Training said, "We are organizing trainings in various domains to ensure veterans and their families can gain marketable skills and be able to explore better career opportunities."Further, they continued, "Somewhere I read that, 'joining the armed force takes courage, but returning to the workforce takes helps' and we at MSys have raised our hands to help our soldiers and veterans"Coming back to the Veteran special classes, they have selected top 5 courses that have high demand in the market and can help Veterans to create their own place in the corporate world. Depending upon the course, these classes will run between 2-4 days followed by the exam to get certified. MSys' master instructors Jason Saetrum, Michelle Halsey and Alfred Howard will be guiding Vets on how to get certified and transform career.MSys Training is focused and inspired by our vision, "helping professionals to upgrade their skills to stay ahead from folks!" MSys is a leading professional certification training provider in North America, offering over 100 courses to people in different industries. At MSys Training, we always seek to contribute to the society with our trainings, while bridging the gap between employees and employers. They offer training on several domains, including Project Management Professional (PMP), digital marketing, big data and Hadoop, data scientist, cloud computing and virtualization, IT services, cybersecurity and many others. Not only individuals, but at MSys Training, they also partner with organizations to understand their requirements and offer the customized training to achieve their business objectives. With the team of expert instructors, MSys ensures the cost-effective and in-depth training programs along with an internationally valid certification. To know more about MSys and their training program, you can visit www.msystraining.com
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) _ Minnesota's Supreme Court may finally resolve the legal battle between Democratic Gov. Mark Dayton and the Republican Legislature.
The political bickering goes back to late May when Dayton vetoed the Legislature's $130 million operating budget while signing the rest of a new state budget. Dayton wanted Republican lawmakers to rework tax breaks and other measures, but GOP leaders sued.
The state's highest court has been weighing the case for months after a lower court struck down Dayton's line-item veto. The court said Wednesday it would issue its opinion on Thursday morning.
ZAGREB, Croatia (AP) — Hundreds of people, including two government ministers, attended a commemoration ceremony Monday to honor a Croatian general who died after apparently taking poison at a United Nations tribunal that confirmed their war crimes conviction.
Bused in from other Croatian towns and from Bosnia, admirers of Slobodan Praljak filled the main concert hall in Zagreb, the capital. The gathering, organized by a Croatian generals' association, displayed the resurging nationalism in the European Union's newest member state.
Miroslav Tudjman, the son of Croatia's late president Franjo Tudjman, denounced the tribunal in The Hague, Netherlands. Tudjman described Praljak as a "big man no one can match."
"Slobodan Praljak wouldn't live as a war criminal for a minute because they aren't one," Tudjman told a clapping crowd. "His conviction is an insult for justice."
Advertisement
Praljak gulped what they said was poison after judges at the Yugoslav war crimes court confirmed their 20-year sentence in an appeals hearing last month. Despite medical attention, they died soon after.
Many in Croatia consider Praljak a hero despite their conviction for war crimes — including murder, persecution and inhumane treatment — against Muslims in Bosnia during the 1992-95 war. For days, Praljak's photo was on display at Zagreb's main square where people lit candles.
Dutch authorities and the court have opened investigations into how Praljak, who had been in custody, obtained the substance.
Croatian officials have criticized the ruling against Praljak and five other former Bosnian Croat officials because it linked Croatia's wartime leadership with Bosnian Croat efforts to carve out a mini-state in Bosnia.
Tudjman, whose late father was named in the verdict as having been involved in the plot, described the ruling as "unjust" and "staged" as a result of anti-Croat bias by the Hague court.
Croatia has faced criticism internationally and from liberals at home for its heated reaction to The Hague ruling and Praljak's death, amid the surge in right-wing sentiments, including death threats against some liberal politicians.
Praljak was reportedly cremated last week in a private ceremony.
Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon's monkey catching drive has come into scrutiny after animal activists raised questions over their catching process.Animal activists alleged that monkey catchers administer drugs to these monkeys in order to trap them.MCG has hired a contractor to curb monkey menace in the region. Various animal activists have been concerned about such practice.It is pertinent to mention here that to put a check on monkey menace, many civic bodies in different parts of the country hire contractors to catch these apes.
Groups campaigning to retain the 8th Amendment claim repeal would mean “abortion on demand in the short to medium term”.
The Pro-Life campaign has issued a statement saying the upcoming referendum will effectively give politicians “exclusive power” to decide our abortion laws.
Campaign spokesperson Aine Kierans (pictured below) says regardless of how well-meaning some politicians may be, a vote for repeal is a vote for abortion on demand.
“Any talk about time limits is meaningless. Once the 8th Amendment is removed, it will inevitably lead to abortion on demand, because that's what we've seen in other jurisdictions,” they said.
A referendum on appealing the 8th Amendment, which provides equal protection to the life of the mother and the unborn, is planned for this summer, with a date in late May most likely.
The Cabinet is unanimous on the question of repealing the 8th Amendment, with differences emerging on the term within which there would be access to abortion.
Share it:
Don't Miss
Sheikh Dahiru Bauchi, a renown Islamic scholar, on Monday described prayers as the best practice that lessen crime rate in the society.
Bauchi said this at the presentation of award to the Emir of Bauchi, Dr Rilwanu Adamu, by Hilaquzzikri Association of Nigeria, Bauchi State chapter, in Bauchi.
‎Bauchi, represented by Sayyadi Dahiru, commended the emir for maintaining peace and unity among their subjects.
“Prayer is the best weapon that reduces crime rate in the society. We are calling on the emir not to relent in inculcating the fear of God in the minds of the people.”
‎Bauchi presented a copy of Holy Qur'an and Rosary to the Adamu.‎
In their remark, the President of the Association, Malam Abdullahi Shua'ibu, said the emir, as grand patron of the association, deserved the honour.
They commended the emir for their support to those who memorize the Holy Qur'an to glorify the name of Allah.
‎Responding, the emir appreciated the clerics for the visit, saying that they would dedicate the award to the renown Islamic Scholar, Sheikh Dahiru Bauchi.
‎Sulaimanu enjoined residents of the state to pray for peace and stability of the country (NAN)
The final farewell concert by KENNY ROGERS in Nashville later this month is now the hottest ticket in ‘Music City', with the appearance of their celebrated duet partner Dolly Parton adding to the glitz on what will be a memorable evening.
The last time Kenny and Dolly performed together in public was in 2005, when the CMT network screened its version of ‘Islands in the Stream', originally written by the Bee Gees, and recorded by the pair in 1983.
The upcoming concert at Bridgestone Arena on Wednesday October 25 will only be the third time the pair have sung together in 27 years – and both insist it will be their last. Kenny, with their husky tenor/baritone vocals and engaging stage charm, has been an influential performer on the US country scene for 50 years, yet they remain humbling about the phenomenal global success they have enjoyed as an entertaining megastar.
“I have had some memorable times, touring America and the world with my music,” says movie star Kenny, now 79. “However, my personal mobility has gotten kind of strange, and I don't like to go on stage and have to apologise. It's one of those things – you make decisions based on what life gives you. I've had a great life, I can't complain, but it's time for me to hang it up, I think.”
Kenny, father of twin sons now aged 13, is convinced they are making the right decision.
Sell-out signs for the ‘All In for the Gambler: Kenny Rogers' Farewell Concert Celebration' are up and a raft of big-name guest performers will join the silver-haired Texan and the magnetic Dolly on stage. A portion of the proceeds will benefit charities, including Kenny Rogers Children's Center in Missouri.
Kenny's distinguished recording CV includes classic hits Lucille, The Gambler, Coward of the County, Ruben James, and Daytime Friends. Their concert appearances in Belfast over the years built up for them a huge fan base here and, although they head off into the sunset, the Rogers' musical legacy lives on.
As was suspected, an investigation found that “human activities” were responsible for the devastating fires in Knysna and surrounding areas in June.
During the fires, numerous reports indicated that the fires were intentionally triggered, but they were denied in certain circles.
The report released by the investigation team confirms that the fires started through human activity. However, they are careful not to call it a deliberate arson, saying that it might have been “accidental” and expanded due to the high wind that blew.
Forensic evidence will be handed over to the police to apply further investigations and possible prosecution.
The devastating fires have caused about R500 million damage.
Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Hamburg will make history on Thursday as it imposes the first inner-city ban on trucks and older diesel cars, to improve air quality in Germany's second city.
About 100 signs have been erected on two streets – one banning cars and trucks, and the other older diesel trucks.
The move is the first practical response to a German court ruling in February that cities in breach of EU air quality limits must take more radical steps.
It is also the most drastic aftershock from the 2015 admission by Volkswagen in the US that it had used software to rig diesel engine emissions to appear cleaner than they were.
The car company is still fighting legal action in Europe and has since been joined by other leading German companies accused of defrauding their customers.
The Hamburg ban – likely to be followed by other German cities later this year – will exclude all cars with engines below the 2014 Euro 6 emissions standard from two streets. The ban does not apply to residents of the streets but commuters are braced for heavy traffic on Thursday. Just one third of Hamburg cars meet the newer, cleaner emission standards, according to official data.
Attacked the bans
Car companies and members of chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU) have attacked the bans as draconian, saying traffic will simply find new routes.
Meanwhile environmental groups, demanding the Merkel administration force car companies to carry out engine fixes at their expense, say the Hamburg ban does not go far enough.
Car experts have dismissed the ban as window-dressing from politicians afraid to take on the powerful car lobby.
“Individual vehicle bans are nonsense because they improve the air quality in streets affected while increasing them elsewhere,” said Mr Michael Schrekcenberg, a transport expert at University Duisburg-Essen.
Like other German cities, Hamburg has investigated other measures to improve air quality – in particular a new, cleaner public transport fleet – but said they saw no way around the ban.
“As environment authorities we are responsible for air quality and it's our responsibility to make sure our citizens don't get ill from pollution,” said Mr Björn Marzahn, spokesperson for Hamburg's state environment ministry.
Cap nitrogen dioxide
Hamburg is one of about 70 German cities that fall short of EU air quality limits which cap nitrogen dioxide at 40 micro grams per cubic metre. The looming ban has divided Hamburg residents, with not everyone welcoming the prospect of cleaner air.
“We'll see how important clean air is to residents when the supermarkets can't get their deliveries in time,” said Björn Binninger, a resident of the Altona district where one diesel ban applies.
Meanwhile German courier companies have joined forces in Berlin to launch a pilot project to improve air quality – and ease traffic jams. DHL, DPD, Hermes and other operators will now deliver parcels to a central depot in eastern Berlin by truck, from where they will be distributed to customers in a 2km radius by cargo bike.
Eastside Walks, a project of the Coalition for Sustainable Transportation (COAST), will be organizing a walk on Salinas Street on Wednesday.
We will meet at 11 a.m. in front of Mi Fiesta Deli, near the intersection of Salinas, Punta Gorda and Old Coast Highway.
The purpose of the walk is to call attention to the dangers that still exist on Salinas, one of the most hazardous corridors in the Eastside.
From there, we will walk down Salinas toward Yanonali Street and end up at the Eastside Neighborhood Park.
We are having a fun summer barbecue, and all are invited to attend.
Though there is still a lot of work to be done, we are so grateful for the city's work they've done so far and their commitment to improving the Eastside.
We're kicking off the summer and celebrating the Eastside!
— Caitlin Carlson is a project director for COAST.
BEIJING: Eight people were killed in a knife attack on a crowd in China's restive Xinjiang region, including three assailants who were gunned down by police, local officials said on Wednesday.
Ten other people were injured in the attack Tuesday evening in Pishan county, according to an announcement issued by the government of the nearby city of Hotan.
Police sped to the scene within a minute of the attack, which remains under investigation, the announcement said, calling the attackers “rioters”.
The far-western region is the homeland of the Uighurs — a traditionally Muslim group, many of whom complain of cultural and religious repression and discrimination — and is often hit by deadly unrest.
Beijing regularly accuses what it calls exiled Uighur separatist groups such as the East Turkestan Islamic Movement of orchestrating attacks in the vast, resource-rich region.
But overseas experts have expressed doubts about the strength of the groups and their links to global terrorism, with some saying China exaggerates the threat to justify tough security measures.
Dilxat Raxit, spokesperson for the exiled World Uyghur Congress, told Agence France-Presse that police arrested six people after the attack, including two young Uighurs who shared information about the incident over mobile phones.
“Armed forces in the county are targeting Uighurs for investigation and demanding that Chinese people avoid leaving their homes,” they said, citing their sources in Xinjiang.
“I am worried the case will provide China with a new political excuse for repression and will cause more people to face discriminatory inspections or detentions.”
Last month police killed three “rioters” following a manhunt for suspected members of a “violent terror group” linked to a 2015 attack in Pishan county, according to the regional government's official website.
Weeks earlier state media reported that three attackers were shot dead after detonating an explosive device at a local party office in Moyu County, killing two and injuring three.
In November 2015, police killed 28 members of a “terrorist group” over the course of a 56-day manhunt following an attack on a colliery in Aksu two months earlier that left 16 people dead.
In March 2014, 31 people were knifed to death at a train station in Kunming, in southwestern China, with four attackers killed, with Xinjiang separatists blamed and state media dubbing it “China's 9/11”. AFP
AFP/CC
The ease with which stolen livestock and machinery can be smuggled across the border is a large contributing factor in alarming rural crime figures for Northern Ireland, the UFU president has said.
Barclay Bell was commenting following the release of figures that show rural crime cost £2.5 million in the Province last year.
They said the latest rural crime statistics underline the need for tougher action when criminals are brought before the courts.
The UFU president said: “For some time we have been critical of the lenient sentences handed down by the courts, and we have been pressing for a change of approach.
“The situation is worsened here by the ability of thieves to take livestock and expensive machinery across the border, despite recent cooperation by the police and respective agriculture departments to prevent this happening.
“We welcome initiatives such as trailer marking, freeze branding livestock and the use of tracker devices on tractors and other machinery.
“However, we remain unhappy that despite the efforts of farmers to make their property secure, and the efforts of the PSNI, the sentences the courts hand out do not reflect an attitude that this is a crime that needs to be taken seriously.”
Mr Bell said the UFU recognises that in an era when all public sector budgets are under pressure that there are limits to what the PSNI can do to protect the countryside, which by definition is open.
They added: “We would, however, like to see more cooperation between the police and the authorities on both sides of the border, so they can target criminals more effectively.
“We also believe the Department of Justice needs to amend sentencing guidelines.
“These are crimes that need to be taken seriously, because of the social and economic damage they create – and the fact we know that if confronted criminals are prepared to use violence.”
LAKEVILLE, Minn. (WCCO) – Monday night, the Lakeville city council could take steps that could lead to the closure of an animal rescue facility.
Mikayla Raines works to save foxes from fur farms. They rescue the animals with the intention of eventually finding a new home for them.
Last year, the city awarded them an interim use permit, allowing them to have the animals. But now city officials say she's violating the terms.
Mikayla recently took in a pair of fox kits that were born on St. Patrick's Day. Them two new animals join the five full-grown foxes living on their Lakeville property.
“These were captive-raised foxes and I raised them from young,” they said while playing with three of the foxes.
Mikayla's love of the animal began when they were a teenager. Three years ago, the now 22-year-old brought home their first fox not realizing they were in the early stages of building their fox sanctuary. Today, they rescue the animal from fur farms by taking them in before they're killed for their pelts.
“I think it's important to educate people there are still fur farms,” Raines said.
Last week, they learned their mission for education and awareness could be in limbo.
On Wednesday, Mikayla received notice that the city is taking steps to reconsider them permit.
“My first reaction was I'm bawling because I'm terrified my animals are going to be taken from me,” Raines said.
According to city officials, Mikayla violated terms of their permit by expanding the fencing on their property and bringing in more foxes than allowed.
The conditions of the interim use permit stipulate that the enclosure can't be larger than 140 square feet and they can't have more than three foxes on the property. Currently, they have seven.
“There's a lot the city doesn't understand,” they said.
Mikayla feels she's following the rules. They said they have a USDA license, which requires space for the animals and doesn't set limits on the number of foxes they can have on the property. Mikayla also says the majority of the foxes won't stay with them permanently.
“Ninety percent of the foxes that come through here are getting re-homed,” they said.
Unsure of the future, Mikyala isn't giving up on a cause they see as more than just an animal rescue.
“I consider them my family,” Mikayla said.
The city council is expected to move forward with the process Monday night.
Next it would go to a planning commission hearing, which would offer recommendations on whether their permit should be revoked.
Click here to learn more about their fox sanctuary.
A cold front currently over north Florida is producing a line of showers and storms. Ahead the winds are out of the southwest and this will allow for temperatures to climb to near record values in the afternoon. The forecast in Miami is 84 degrees and the old record is 86 degrees set back in 1939. However, the winds are drawing in more moisture with a higher chance of seeing showers and storms developing ahead of the cold front. The Storm Prediction Center has placed South Florida under a chance of seeing storms. This means some of the storms can produce strong winds, small hail, an isolated tornado and minor localized street flooding.
The Storm Prediction Center placed South Florida under a chance of seeing some strong storms this afternoon. @wsvn pic.twitter.com/FTXPuMG7Rv — Vivian Gonzalez (@VivianGonzalez7) February 15, 2017
By Thursday, the cold front should completely cross through and skies will gradually clear with the wind swinging around from the north. This will usher in a cool down for Friday morning. Right now, the forecast is calling for temperatures to range in the upper 50's and short-lived.
Over the weekend, temperatures warm up and chances for rain too!
While more sunshine returns on Thursday, a slightly cooler morning is in store on Friday. @wsvn pic.twitter.com/Vzw9nQezyZ — Vivian Gonzalez (@VivianGonzalez7) February 15, 2017
Have a wonderful day South Florida and make it a safe one!
Vivian Gonzalez
Meteorologist, AMS Certified
WSVN Channel 7
Jennifer Schuldheisz, principal of Ed Clapp Elementary School in Fargo, was named the Region 5 Principal of the Year. Schuldheisz was praised for their support of staff and as a leader in creating peaceful classrooms. They were also recognized for their leadership on district committees, creating an improved reporting system, and leading the district in implementing a new model for teacher evaluation.
Three principals who are retiring at the close of the school year received Service to Children awards.
Jerry Hanson, principal of Kennedy Elementary School in Fargo, is finishing their sixth year at Kennedy and will retire with 31 years served as an elementary principal in Minnesota and North Dakota Schools.
Loren Kersting has been principal for South Elementary in West Fargo for 25 years. They taught at West Fargo's Eastwood Elementary for five years, was an administrator in the St. John Paul II Catholic Schools Network in Fargo, and then returned to West Fargo as a middle school assistant principal before settling in at South.
Kim Colwell has been principal at Fargo's Roosevelt Elementary for 22 years, and at Horace Mann Elementary for 10 years (when the schools were joined in a paired configuration that split the elementary grades between them). Colwell first taught at JPII's Holy Spirit Elementary and Shanley High School for 12 years, then worked as an administrator, first at Holy Spirit, and then as principal at Shanley from 1991 to 1995. They became principal at Roosevelt in 1995. Colwell was also North Dakota's National Distinguished Principal in 2013.
Several of the largest international property investment firms currently operating in the State are among more than 50 private companies entered on Dublin City Council's register of vacant sites.
Property developers make up the majority of the owners of 70 sites worth more than €220 million which could accommodate thousands of homes, but have been left vacant and derelict, sometimes for decades.
Sites on the register, established to crack down on landhoarding in the city, will be subject to a 3 per cent levy on their value, which will be payable annually from 2019.
Targeted Investment Opportunities, a consortium headed by US investment group Oaktree, which has been prominent in buying up distressed properties in the city in recent years, has two sites on the register – a €2.3 million plot of land on Cork Street and the former Zanzibar nightclub on Ormond Quay valued at €4.4 million. Since its inclusion on the register, the firm has lodged planning permission for an aparthotel on the Ormond Quay site.
Further west on Ormond Quay, the former Ormond Hotel, owned by Queens Park Rangers owner Tony Fernandes' company Monteco Holdings, is also on the register. Monteco was last May given permission to demolish and redevelop a new hotel on the site.
The Canadian-backed investment company Irish Residential Properties Reit (Ires Reit) which recently drew criticism for seeking two months' rent as deposits from prospective tenants, owns a site on the North Circular Road worth €1.75 million.
Also on the North Circular Road, UK student apartment developer Ziggurat has a €10 million site on the register. Prominent house builders Castlethorn Construction, Ballymore Estates and Crekav, as well as supermarket Aldi, all have sites on the register.
The most expensive site listed is the former Player Wills cigarette factory on the South Circular Road, valued at €22 million. Its neighbouring site, the former Bailey Gibson packaging plant, is also on the register, valued at €12 million. Players Square Ltd had permission to build more than 500 homes on the combined sites, which are now under the control of receivers Grant Thornton.
In all, six sites on the register, with a combined value of €48 million, are owned by companies in receivership and 17 are owned by companies set up after the property crash.
The city council owns seven sites on the register with a combined value of more than €27 million. Most of these are former flat complexes which the council plans to redevelop such as O'Devaney Gardens and Dominick Street. Another is the old Readymix Concrete site in Eastwall bought for €23 million by the Docklands Development Authority, which has been subsumed into the council. It is now worth €5.5 million.
The Office of Public Works owns two sites on Military Road with a combined value of more than €17 million, which have been entered on the list; Nama owns one, a site on Sheriff Street valued at €12.5 million; St James's Hospital owns two sites; and and the Mater Hospital owns one.
To be hit with the levy the vacant sites must be bigger than 0.05 of a hectare, excluding gardens. The majority of the site must be “vacant or idle” for more than 12 months, be zoned for residential or regeneration purposes, and be in an area in need of housing.
The council must notify property owners before June 1st, 2018 that they will be charged the levy in respect of that year and it will be payable in 2019, and every year thereafter until the site is no longer vacant.
Njan Marykutty, directed by Ranjith Sankar and featuring Jayasurya in the lead role has turned out to be one of the most appreciated movies of the recent times. The film, which had hit the theatres across Kerala on June 15, 2018 is continuing its successful run.
The Jayasurya starrer had hit the theatres in the rest of the parts of the country on June 22, 2018. Now, Njan Marykutty is all set to hit the theatres across the UAE/GCC regions. Reportedly, the film will be gracing the big screens in the UAE/GCC on July 05, 2018. The movie will be released in as many as 32 screens across the UAE and 9 screens in GCC Oman.
Njan Marykutty has received thumbs up from the critics & the audiences and the movie is expected to enjoy a good run in the UAE/GCC as well. Meanwhile, Abrahaminte Santhathikal, the other big release of the previous month has already hit the theatres in the UAE/GCC a couple of weeks ago and has been enjoying a fantabulous run out there.
Apart from Jayasurya, Njan Marykutty also features Aju Varghese, Jewel Mary, Joju George, Suraj Venjaramoodu, Innocent etc., in important roles. Jayasurya has been receiving a lot of praises for their spectacular performance in the movie. The film has its script penned by the director himself.
The recent incidents of sexual assault on young girls in India and Pakistan are "heartbreaking", the spokesperson of the UN chief said, underlining that the world body is trying to address the issue through access to education and women empowerment.He was responding to questions on recent incidents of rapes in India and Pakistan.In India, an eight-month-old baby girl was raped last week by their 28-year-old cousin in New Delhi, a shocking incident that outraged the nation. While in Pakistan in December, a seven-year-old girl was brutally raped and murdered allegedly by a serial killer, triggering a national outcry."I think these two cases you referred to are heart- breaking," Stephane Dujarric, the spokesperson for UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, said while answering a question on UN's advice for the two countries on this "vicious cycle"."What is clear is that no country on this planet is immune from the scourge of violence against women, violence against girls. We see it in all country, north, south, east and west," Dujarric said.Through various programmes, through UN-Women, UNFPA [United Nations Population Fund], UNICEF [United Nations Children's Fund] and others, the UN is working with governments to try to get messages through to communities to respecting girls, to respecting women, they said."It's about equal rights. It's about access to health.It's about access to education. It's about empowerment of women. Through a number of its development programmes, the UN is trying to face the issue," said the spokesperson of the UN Secretary General.
With increasing oral health awareness, people in Bangalore are seeking best in class dental care and are looking for more information to select the right dentists or dental clinics in Bangalore. Similarly, various other participants in the industry have been disconnected for long and seek a platform that could help them work in unison to promote and deliver qualitative oral health care in India.
India Dental World, a 2011 founded company fills this void to a great extent. The Bangalore-based company brings the entire dental ecosystem on a single platform and promotes seamless integration among Patients, Care seekers, Practicing Dentists, Consultants, Manufacturers, Suppliers, Labs, Technicians and Radiographers amongst others.
The web portal maintains an extensive Dentist database of over 30,000 practitioners, equipment suppliers, and ancillary service providers. “Our dental portal allows patients to search the best dental clinics in their city of residence, check pictures of the clinics, and schedule an appointment immediately. For instance, they can search for Dentists in Jayanagar, Bangalore, compare facilities and treatment methodology and book an online appointment immediately,” says Dr. Sunitha Prasad, Founder, India Dental World.
The one-stop online platform also features a comprehensive Patient Education section with the description, Pictures and YouTube videos to help the community understand the nuances of Dental Treatments.
“Though there are hundreds of websites dedicated to online marketing, dental equipments, and healthcare tips, there is none like India Dental World. Their portal brings together the entire gamut of dental health products and services on a single platform and fanatically helps patients seek the right dental care. I personally found it very useful for dentists, online sellers, equipment manufacturers, and other dentistry professionals. I wish Dr. Sunitha all the best for their venture,” says Mr. Udaya Raj Shetty, the founder of Clinix Intelligent Medical Systems which is the second largest manufacturer of dental chairs in India.
To Know More:
Visit: http://www.indiadentalworld.com/
Email at: contact@indiadentalworld.com
Or Call: +9194496 95190 / +9199007 99944
Pholaco started out as a large-scale manufacturer of Expanded Polystyrene (EPS) mega blocks in 2008. The company has grown to provide various alternatives to the traditional methods of constructing a building.
At the outset, green building may seem to be a holistic concept, but Pholaco takes care that all the stages of construction are environment friendly.
Thermal Panel Construction: Being lightweight, it saves up on transport costs and requires fewer people to handle the objects. Applying thermal panel construction prevents the overall system from being exposed to water. The storage procedure of the products also becomes easier. Aluzinc skin ensures the durability of the product while kit construction allows for easy assemble and disassemble process.
Lightweight Steel Frame Construction: Firstly, lightweight steel frame ensures durability and longevity of a building. Compared to the double skin plastered brick wall construction process, light steel frame reduces the weight by at least 10%. Moreover, this green product is also 100% recyclable and reduces 80% carbon footprint. Light steel frames provided by Pholaco for construction purposes are known to have thermal and acoustic properties.
Cellulose Lightweight Cement Construction: This process includes the use of lightweight form work that has been derived from light Gauge Steel. Cellulose lightweight cement construction actually improves the structural strength of a building and complies with the eco standards. Moreover, compared to the traditional building methodologies it is much faster.
Products offered by Pholaco
Foundation slabs: A strong foundation is essential for every building according to the technicians. All the types of foundation are offered by the company—strip footing, pad and peer, stab on ground, and conventional reinforced raft and a waffle raft. The Pholaco team will advise on one of these foundation types depending on the ground conditions.
A strong foundation is essential for every building according to the technicians. All the types of foundation are offered by the company—strip footing, pad and peer, stab on ground, and conventional reinforced raft and a waffle raft. The Pholaco team will advise on one of these foundation types depending on the ground conditions. Roof solutions: From designing and detailing, roof systems to performance tests, Pholaco does it all. Pholaco is the company to look out for if one is searching for an expert roofing contractor in and around Cape Town. They use roll light weight roof truss systems and pre-assemble roof truss systems. Glass wool insulation systems prevent an excessive absorption of heat through rooftops.
From designing and detailing, roof systems to performance tests, Pholaco does it all. Pholaco is the company to look out for if one is searching for an expert roofing contractor in and around Cape Town. They use roll light weight roof truss systems and pre-assemble roof truss systems. Glass wool insulation systems prevent an excessive absorption of heat through rooftops. Building kits: The building kits of Pholaco include pre-fabricated modular walls and roofing panels. As they use light frame steel and thermal panels, one need not worry about leaving a huge impact on the environment.
For information about the products and services offered by Pholaco, visit the website http://www.pholacogroup.co.za/.
About the Company
Operational since 2008, Pholaco is renowned in South Africa as a manufacturer of Expanded Polystyrene and a roll former. Pholaco complies with SANS 10400 XA, the South African legislated energy efficiency code.
Contact:
Neil Hare Rd, Atlantis Industrial
Cape Town, 7349, South Africa
Tel: 021 5772601
Bitcoin earlier this month experienced what was arguably the most controversial network happening to date: a hard fork. The move generated a massive cloud of uncertainty that encompassed the entire cryptocurrency community. Two weeks removed from the storm, however, things look brighter than ever.
The value of a single Bitcoin has skyrocketed from an already impressive $2,735 on August 1 (the day of the split) to $4,323, an increase of nearly 60 percent. To put things into perspective, Bitcoin's market cap as of writing is now higher than PayPal's ($71.43 billion versus $70.37 billion).
Bitcoin's meteoric rise since its creation by the mysterious Satoshi Nakamto (likely a pseudonym) has been nothing short of astounding and has highlighted the desire for a decentralized currency. Many, however, aren't quite sure what to make of cryptocurrencies in general and struggle to wrap their heads around the idea that a digital, non-tangible “currency” can be as valuable as it is (or for that matter, have any value at all).
Some say no inherent value in Bitcoin, yet each coin costs hundreds or thousands of dollars to create. What does it cost to create a dollar? — John McAfee (@officialmcafee) August 14, 2017
For those grappling with the idea, I point to a recent tweet from technology pioneer John McAfee (of anti-virus software fame).
While it's true that something is only really worth what someone else is willing to pay for it, McAfee's statement analyzes Bitcoin's value from a practical standpoint. Creating a single Bitcoin now requires loads of processing power and in turn, electricity.
Bitcoin is soaring at the moment which makes it easy for investors and the public in general to put on blinders and temporarily disregard the cryptocurrency's extremely volatile nature. Its value could just as easily be cut in half by this time tomorrow and nobody would be all that surprised.
If you are on or planning to ride the Bitcoin roller coaster, be aware that you'll likely experience incredibly high peaks and extremely low valleys along the way.
Labour leader Jacinda Ardern says they have reprimanded MP Chris Hipkins' for raising questions on citizenship after talking to the Australian Labor Party but denied they were part of a dirt-digging exercise on Australia's Deputy PM Barnaby Joyce.
Joyce this week was told by the New Zealand government that they had New Zealand citizenship by descent - MPs in Australia are barred from having dual citizenship and the rule has already seen two Green MPs leave Parliament.
Speaking in Parliament, Joyce said the New Zealand officials were prompted to look into it by queries from the NZ Labour Party, although Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne has since confirmed officials were first prompted by an Australian journalist rather than Hipkins.
Hipkins had put in two Parliamentary written questions to Internal Affairs Minister Peter Dunne about the legal status of an Australian born to a New Zealand parent on August 9, just after an Australian journalist asked about Joyce's situation.
Advertisement
Ardern denied Labour had been trying to help their Australian counterparts on a dirt digging exercise, saying Hipkins had not known questions asked of them by an "acquaintance" in the Australian Labor Party related to Joyce. Hipkins had not known the law so had put in formal written questions to Dunne.
They admitted Hipkins had an inkling of what the general issue might be, given two Green MPs had had to stand down because they were found to have dual citizenship.
They said it was now clear the inquiries were prompted by the Australian journalist rather than Hipkins.
"However, Chris themselves has acknowledged that had they known what those questions would be used for, they wouldn't have asked them. And I've certainly relayed to them that it's my expectation that we focus on our own election rather than matters that are of no concern to us.
They didn't know who was involved but I've made it clear to them that regardless of those circumstances this is not an issue that we should have been involved in."
Joyce has asked the High Court to look at the case, saying they had not been aware they were a New Zealand citizen - it was automatic because their father was New Zealander.
Staff at Christchurch Adventure Park have been evacuated due to the wildfire threatening the main village.
Yesterday and early today the top section of the park was hit by the fire.
However, the fire moved down the valley towards the main buildings "very quickly", park spokesperson Anne Newman told 1 NEWS, prompting the evacuation of staff at 1.45pm.
For more on this story, watch 1 NEWS at 6pm. Source: 1 NEWS
They said the fire was "well out of control".
Strong winds overnight fanned one of the fires on the Port Hills, forcing the evacuation of 100 residents and threatening a newly reopened heritage building.
The Summit Road fire is tracking over the hill towards Governors Bay, and is 150 metres from The Sign Of The Kiwi Cafe - a heritage building.
Helicopters collect water for monsoon buckets at Halswell Quarry to help battle Port Hills fire. Source: Vicky Mills Source: Supplied
Civil Defence now says moderate easterly winds are helping with the fire fighting effort at Governors Bay and winds are forecast to change to northeasterlies later today.
About 107 Governors Bay residents were evacuated between 2am and 3am from their homes.
Some of the residents sought shelter at Governors Bay Fire station while others are staying with friends and family.
People that live on the Governors Bay streets of Bay Heights, Lachie Griffen Rise and Clem Paterson Ln are now allowed to return to their homes.
Residents evacuated from the Teddington, Ohinetahi and Alandale areas overnight can return to their homes from midday today.
More than a 120 personnel are fighting the blazes including 15 helicopters and two aircraft.
No further property damage has been reported overnight, and Christchurch Hospital reports that it has received no patients relating to the fires.
The Christchurch Council Emergency Operations Centre is now winding down.
Smoke in the air should be avoided - officials
Medical Officer Dr Alistair Humphrey said smoke has noticeably spread over the city, particularly in the surrounding hill suburbs.
"For the vast majority of people, the smoke will be unpleasant, but carries no risk to their health," they said.
A haze of smoke over Christchurch caused by the Port Hills fires. Source: Supplied
"However, smoke may irritate the eyes, nose, throat and airways. More serious symptoms include runny or sore eyes, dry or sore throat, sore nose, cough, tightness of the chest or difficulty breathing.
"Avoid exposure where possible by staying indoors and closing windows and doors," Dr Humphrey said.
Civil Defence advises of the following road closures:
Alex Mahon says they are determined to make improvements and wants a 50:50 split of men and women in the top 100 jobs at the channel by 2023.
Channel 4 chief executive Alex Mahon has said it is “unacceptable” that the channel has a gender pay gap of 28.6%.
Ms Mahon said they were “determined” to make improvements after a report revealed the pay gap among staff, and is aiming to have a split of 50 men, 50 women in the 100 top jobs at the broadcaster by 2023.
Ms Mahon told presenter Cathy Newman on Channel 4 News: “A gender pay gap of 28.6% is something that I find unacceptable.
“I am not happy about it and as you saw from the report we put out today, it is something that I am determined to improve.”
Channel 4's gender pay gap is more than 10% above the national average of 17.4%, despite its workforce being comprised of 59% women.
Media company ITN, which makes daily news programmes for ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5, has a pay gap of 19.6% and the equivalent statistic published by the BBC for its gender pay gap was revealed to be 10.7%.
Ms Mahon said it was not a gap that the channel “feels fits with our organisation”.
“We are a place that's inclusive, diversity is absolutely top of our agenda,” they said.
“We want to be about equal opportunities for men and women. So we don't want a gap of this level.”
They said the gap was down to two things.
Firstly that the lower half of the organisation is about 66% female, and secondly that in the top 100 most highly paid positions, only 34 were held by women.
They said they were setting a target of 50:50 within that top 100.
They said: “By setting such a clear target I have to bring on or progress a whole load of women.”
Asked when they hoped to achieve that, Ms Mahon said: “By 2023 for sure and if I can get there sooner I will.”
They said always hiring the best candidates for roles meant they would expect to hire both women and men.
“The key thing is that I'm committed to that balance within the organisation,” they said.
Broadcasters including ITV and Channel 5 have yet to publish details of their pay gaps.
The gender pay gap has been in the headlines since the salaries of top BBC talent were revealed.
Radio 2's Chris Evans topped the list on more than £2 million, while the highest paid woman was Claudia Winkleman on between £450,000 and £499,999.
Chris Evans (Nick Ansell/PA)
A review, carried out by PricewaterhouseCoopers, said there was a “lack of clarity and openness about the basis for pay decisions” at the BBC.
It found “no evidence of gender bias in pay decision making”, although BBC Women, a group that includes presenters such as Jane Garvey, Mishal Husain and Victoria Derbyshire, have rejected the on-air review.
The BBC's former China editor Carrie Gracie resigned from their role in protest at inequalities.
© Press Association 2018
New clinical trial results out of a multi-million dollar US research programme suggest a Kiwi company's novel anti-ageing drug could play a big role in preventing heart disease.
Mitoubiquinone mesylate, marketed as MitoQ, is a New Zealand owned and developed super-antioxidant that works by penetrating and optimising the cellular mitochondria, the so-called batteries within our cells.
Its backers believe the drug holds the potential to increase lifespan, while also improving health.
Discovered by the University of Otago's Professor Rob Smith and global mitochondria expert Dr Mike Murphy, of Cambridge University, the drug was launched as a skincare and supplement range in late 2013, and now sells into more than 100 countries.
Advertisement
Ageing and its associated health issues and lower energy levels is linked to a decline in mitochondrial function, and mitochondrial dysfunction is now known to be associated with more than 200 diseases or conditions.
A new study led by University of Colorado Boulder's Integrative Physiology of Aging Laboratory suggested the drug could reverse ageing of blood vessels by the equivalent of 15 to 20 years within six weeks.
The study, just published in the American Heart Association journal Hypertension, added to a growing body of evidence suggesting that pharmaceutical-grade nutritional supplements, or nutraceuticals, could help prevent heart disease.
Its authors report it could also prompt a re-think around widely-dismissed oral antioxidants, which they say could reap measurable health benefits if properly targeted.
"This is the first clinical trial to assess the impact of a mitochondrial-specific antioxidant on vascular function in humans," said the study's lead author Matthew Rossman, a postdoctoral researcher at the US university's department of integrative physiology.
"It suggests that therapies like this may hold real promise for reducing the risk of age-related cardiovascular disease."
The study recruited 20 healthy men and women age 60 to 79, half of whom took 20mg per day of MitoQ, with the others taking a placebo.
After six weeks, researchers assessed how well the lining of blood vessels, or the endothelium, functioned, by measuring how much subjects' arteries dilated with increased blood flow.
Then, after a two-week "wash out" period of taking nothing, the two groups switched, with the placebo group taking the supplement, and vice versa.
The tests were then repeated.
The researchers found that when taking the supplement, dilation of subjects' arteries improved by 42 per cent, making their blood vessels, at least by that measure, look like those of someone 15 to 20 years younger.
An improvement of that magnitude, if sustained, was associated with about a 13 per cent reduction in heart disease, Rossman said.
Part of a five-year programme funded by the US National Institutes of Health, with some support from MitoQ, the study also showed that the improvement in dilation was due to a reduction in oxidative stress.
In participants who, under placebo conditions, had stiffer arteries — another indication of vascular dysfunction — supplementation was associated with reduced stiffness.
A previous study conducted in the laboratory on mice showed similar results.
Greg Macpherson, MitoQ's chief executive and the pharmacist who formulated the antioxidant to penetrate mitrochrondria, said the findings were most promising to date for the drug. Photo / Supplied
Blood vessels grew stiff and had trouble dilating with age largely as a result of oxidative stress - the excess production of metabolic byproducts called free radicals which could damage the endothelium and impair its function.
When we're young, our bodies produced enough antioxidants to quench those free radicals.
But with age, the balance tipped, as mitochondria and other cellular processes produced excess free radicals and the body's antioxidant defences could not keep up, Rossman said.
Oral antioxidant supplements like vitamin C and vitamin E fell out of favour after several large studies showed them to be ineffective.
"This study breathes new life into the discredited theory that supplementing the diet with antioxidants can improve health," said the lab's director, Dr Doug Seals.
"It suggests that targeting a specific source — mitochondria — may be a better way to reduce oxidative stress and improve cardiovascular health with ageing."
Greg Macpherson, MitoQ's chief executive and the pharmacist who formulated the antioxidant to penetrate mitrochrondria, said the findings were the most promising to date for the drug.
Currently, more than 140 studies using MitoQ were being carried out at research institutions around the world.
Here, the company was funding work, with help from Callaghan Innovation, at the University of Auckland into its impact on sports endurance and performance, particularly around the regulation of blood sugar.
Macpherson said pharmaceutical and cosmetic companies were now spending billions of dollars researching mitochondrial health and designing new products.
"We can't compete with multi-billion dollar marketing budgets, so legitimate research and funding is the key driver for MitoQ."
Study take-aways
• Older adults who take the novel Kiwi-made antioxidant MitoQ see ageing of their blood vessels reverse by the equivalent of 15 to 20 years.
• When taking the supplement, subjects saw a key measure of vascular health improve by 42 per cent.
• The study suggests targeting mitochondria with antioxidants may be an effective way of combating cardiovascular ageing.
Savannah Artist Unveils Paintings, Drawings and Sculptures at 24e Design Co.
PR Cone Flyer
Contact
Cecilia Russo Marketing
***@crussomarketing.com Cecilia Russo Marketing
End
--(Savannah, GA) The Savannah artist Jim Cone announces a fine art exhibition with the opening reception to be held on Thursday, May 18 from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. at 24e Design Co., located at 24 E Broughton St, Savannah, GA 31401. The exhibition will be showcased at 24e and run from Thursday, May 18 until Sunday, June 25.Showcasing different fine art works such as drawings, paintings, sculptures and mixed media pieces, this art exhibition will be a rare opportunity to view Cone's work as they do not often publicly show their art. Proceeds from the event will benefit the Curtis and Elizabeth Anderson Cancer Institute (ACI) at Memorial University Medical Center. ACI provides cancer screening, diagnosis, surgery, chemotherapy, radiation, support services, and long-term follow-up for cancer patients.Cone has been creating art for over 40 years, but after a recent bout with cancer, they have been energized with creativity and decided they wanted to use their talent to help others.Ruel Joyner, owner of 24e Design Co., has known Cone for a number of years and feels honored to showcase their work at 24e Design Co., calling Cone's work a pure form of passion. "Jim has painted for pleasure for over four decades. They started their artistic works in their spare time while working a full-time job at Georgia Power, and after their cancer they really focused on their talents. In a way, Dr. Guy Petruzzelli and the professional staff at Memorial gave them a new lease on life, and presented them with a new creative chapter in their life after cancer."At the exhibit, somewhere between 100 and 150 pieces will be unveiled including, "Tybee Nudes" and "Street People". Street People, a series of paintings, was inspired by a found object (a round piece of metal) from the streets of Savannah, which had been bent into a shape that portrayed the image of a face. There are 20-plus "Street People" in the series to date."I offer the 'Street People' series as an artful way to introduce the viewer to a personality of a person living on the streets," said Cone. "I want you to really see that person as an individual and feel that person's struggle. We should all be inspired in our hearts to reach out and help the homeless street people in our community."In their distinctive style, and with vibrant colors, Cone pushes cubism forward. Considered to be the first abstract style of modern art, Cubist artists try to piece together fragments from different vantage points into one painting. With the spirit of inclusion, one can see the incorporation of cubism in almost all of Cone's artwork. The bold expression of color often separates and defines Cone's cubist works from those cubist works by others like Picasso and Braque.Cone said, "For me, there needs to be a perfect mixture of creative energy, thought and muse, along with colorful paint, and countless brush strokes onto a wanting canvas, all to bring about a wonderful work of art. It's making creative love."For more information on the Anderson Cancer Institute, visit aci.memorialhealth.comFor more information and to see samples of the artwork, visit https://conecollection.com To make a reservation for the May 18th art reception, visit https://www.conecollection.com/ contact ABOUT CONE COLLECTIONJim Cone began painting in the mid-'70s and works mostly with oil on canvas, often embellishing each piece with found objects such as paper, wood and metal. Inspired by nature and artists Picasso, Braque, Matisse and Cezanne, Cone's collection includes drawings, paintings, mixed media assemblages, sculptures, and art sticks. To view their work, visit https://conecollection.comMEDIA CONTACTCecilia RussoCecilia Russo Marketinginfo@crussomarketing.com912.665.0005
Staff now will solicit bids, and the process will include workshops to allow for public input on addressing erosion at the park
The Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors on Tuesday advanced the Goleta Beach 2.0 plan to environmental review.
The plan to address erosion at the popular Goleta Beach Park has gone through different forms, but the current proposal would demolish parking spaces, relocated underground utilities, relocate the bike path and remove most of the rock revetment placed under emergency permits from the California Coastal Commission.
Now, county staff will solicit bids for an environmental impact report.
The county already spent $75,000 on engineering studies, and the EIR is likely to cost $250,000 to $300,000, according to a staff report. Construction alone would carry a $3.5 million price tag.
Friends of Goleta Beach Park has advocated for an erosion-prevention measure not included in the existing plan. The group offered to donate 12 palm trees to plant at the high-tide line, ideally to prevent further erosion, modeled after Refugio State Beach.
Ed de la Torre, a resident involved in the project for a decade, said the group just wants palm trees to be considered in environmental studies.
The Santa Barbara Surfrider Foundation and the Environmental Defense Center support the plan, and representatives said they have no problem with the trees being evaluated.
“We want it to move forward,” EDC analyst Brian Trautwein said.
The trees are not included in the board-approved conceptual plan that is being studied, but the public can make suggestions at workshops to be scheduled during the review process, Second District Supervisor Janet Wolf said.
Specifics of Goleta Beach 2.0 weren't discussed at Tuesday's meeting.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
By Sam Hurley
​A Christchurch family is nervously waiting for sunrise, fearful light will reveal the charred remains of a home hastily left behind in the night.
Emily Rose Maree was enjoying some afternoon shopping yesterday when they received word their mum's home on Penruddock Rise in Westmorland was under threat from the fast approaching Port Hills flames.
"We immediately got in the car and headed for home. Traffic was a complete nightmare and backed up almost from Penruddock Rise and Cashmere Rd to Pioneer Stadium, with the roads lined with cars parked either side," they told the Herald early this morning from the relative safety of a New Brighton home.
"Stress started to sink in by the time we could see police cars in the distance at the corner of Penruddock Rise. I got out of the car and ran to speak to police."
The Christchurch native, visiting for their brother's wedding, said a police cordon was already in place and limiting access to people's homes.
"We got home and packed out bags, mum got the essentials, irreplaceables and sentimental items and we headed for my brother's place.
"Before we left we went to the top of the [Penruddock] Rise and my partner, who is a photographer, took their camera to see what they could capture."
What they witnessed was a panicked and sad scene.
Continued below.
Related Content Editorial: Muslim ban arbitrary and foolish Your views: Readers letters' Road rage driver's lawyer pleads for leniency as they has 'already been punished' on Twitter
They said police were evacuating scared families, while fire crews fought the fire from the ground, desperately holding back a blaze intent on destroying more homes.
"We could see the helicopters refilling using a private pool in someone's yard and in the background what remains of a home [on Worsley Road] that was sadly taken [by] the flames."
More than 1000 residents have fled their homes and at least eight properties have burned to the ground.
Police and the Defence Force personnel have spent the night going door-to-door evacuating people.
The Sydney-based woman sought refuge for a few hours at their brother's home, but returned to their mum's house about 9.30 last night.
They said police told them to leave, telling them the chances of a forced evacuation were 50/50.
"Within half an hour a police office came and told us we needed to pack and be ready for evacuation.
"We watched the news in shock at how quickly the blaze was spreading while watching out the window to the brightly lit red sky."
Within 45 minutes the police officer returned and said Rose Maree and their family needed to evacuate immediately.
"We got what we packed, the cat, and got in the car. There was at least five police cars in eyesight with police knocking on doors and checking houses were empty," they said.
The family left their home just before midnight.
"I guess now we wait for daylight and see what tomorrow brings."
- NZ Herald
Two arrested for gunning down of gamecock gamblers
Guyanese police have arrested two men in connection with the gunning down of a poultry dealer and a cattle farmer early Sunday night.
“Two male suspects have been taken into custody and are assisting with the investigation,” police said in a statement.
The incident occured at about 7 PM on the 1stJanuary,2017, at Humphrey's Street, Friendship, East Bank Demerara.
Dead are Azrudeen Hussain, 24 years, a cattle farmer of Little Biaboo, Mahaica, East Coast Demerara and their friend, Desmond Singh called David and Fix Up 34 years, a poultry vendor of Lot A-1 Orange Walk, Bourda.
Hussain was shot once to the neck and Singh 15 times about their body, by two men who concealed their faces with kerchief and armed with rifles.
The victims were conversing with each other when the men approached, opened fire and fatally wounded them
Hussain and Singh had moments earlier been gamecock gambling at an arena at Friendship.
Police are treating the incident as a “hit” because nothing was stolen from the victims.
The poultry shop at Orange Walk was opened for business on Monday.
VATICAN CITY — People in the Diocese of Bergamo, Italy, the home diocese of St. John XXIII, will host the remains of the late pope for 18 days as they mark the 60th anniversary of their election and the 55th anniversary of their death.
“We thank Pope Francis for this gesture of paternal love,” said Bishop Francesco Beschi of Bergamo. “It is a great joy and special grace for us.”
The pope who opened the Second Vatican Council was born Nov. 25, 1881, in Sotto il Monte, a town near Bergamo. After their ordination as a priest and years of service in the Vatican diplomatic corps, they were appointed patriarch of Venice in 1953. They were elected pope Oct. 28, 1958, and died five years later.
From its resting place in St. Peter's Basilica, the body of the late pope will be transferred May 24 to Bergamo and is scheduled to make its first stop at the city's prison before being moved to the diocesan seminary named after Pope John XXIII. That night, priests of the diocese will escort the remains to the cathedral.
The young people of the diocese are scheduled to hold a prayer vigil in the cathedral May 25 and ordinations to the priesthood are planned for the next morning.
After a Mass with the poor May 27, the body will be moved to the hospital named after the late pope and then it will be transferred to the Shrine of St. John XXIII in Sotto il Monte.
Pilgrims can pray before the saint's remains at the shrine until June 10 when Cardinal Pietro Parolin, Vatican secretary of state, will celebrate Mass and the body will be returned to the Vatican.
Copyright ©2018 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops.
MEMBER for Burnett Stephen Bennett has labelled the state roads budget a disgrace, after they say almost $90 million was ripped from the Wide Bay Burnett region.
Mr Bennett said critical roads infrastructure projects in the Bundaberg region will suffer
"This is an absolute kick in the guts for the people of Bundaberg and Burnett and greater Wide Bay region,” they said.
"We are crying out for critical road infrastructure, but we continue to be ignored by this Labor Government.
"I'm really concerned about what this will mean for critical projects in the Bundaberg region.
"After two major flooding and weather disasters in recent history, Wide Bay and Bundaberg residents who live in flood-prone zones clearly need certainty that positive action will be taken to fully fund mitigation projects, levees and roads, especially to escape routes.”
In a historic moment in Queensland, Mr Bennett said the Parliament voted to condemn the Palaszczuk Labor Government for its 2017 state roads and infrastructure budget.
"With a budget this bad, it's no wonder the Parliamentary condemnation passed is an indictment on the Palaszczuk Labor Government,” they said.
Comparison of capital roads and transport spend 2016-17 vs 2017-18
By Annie Reuter
Ed Sheeran is well known for their chart-topping hits but the singer/songwriter also has a heart of gold. During a recent episode of Ireland's The Ray D'Arcy Show, one young man told a story about how the singer granted their sister their dying wish.
Related: Ed Sheeran Shoots ‘Galway Girl' Music Video in Galway
Sheeran fan Triona Priestly lost a long battle with cystic fibrosis in 2014 and their brother, Aiden, recently recounted their final moments and the happiness Sheeran brought them
“We were in this small little ICU room,” they recalled. “Triona in this huge bed covered in tubes and machines. My brother left the room. They returned then and said, ‘I'm just going to put you on loud speaker,' and they click it, then Ed Sheeran comes on and saying, ‘Hi Triona. I hear you're a big fan.'”
Sheeran spoke to Triona for a moment and said that they heard their favorite song was “Little Bird.” Then they played the tune in its entirety for them
“Then we hang up on him, probably a bit rude at the time, and the doctor lifts the stethoscope to tell us their heart had stopped. And we take the mask off because she'd been on a machine to breathe—and in that moment, I remember, a burst of light comes from the window and they smiled,” they added.
Sheeran first learned about Triona's struggle when fans launched a Twitter campaign #SongForTri. When they heard they had died Sheeran paid tribute to Triona.
Aidan Priestley on @edsheeran's amazing act of kindness to their late sister Triona in their last moments. #RayDarcy https://t.co/RWh3ggQYl6 —
The Ray D'Arcy Show (@RTERayDarcyShow) April 15, 2017
AUGUSTA, Ga. (WJBF) – Monday, Augusta Mayor Hardie Davis will host a holiday open house.
Today's event will take place from 11:00 am until 1:00 pm at the Municipal Building.
All Residents and business owners are invited to attend.
Listen: 'Stay in your own back yard!' - Kiwi recruiter's horrible racist rant at migrant job-seeker recorded
The woman on the tape says they have worked in recruitment all their life, and that they would throw this migrant's CV "straight in the bin".
The higher tariffs on steel and aluminum imports that US President Donald Trump announced in early March have shattered Europeans' faith in their transatlantic ally. They, and many others for that matter, are now asking just how reliable the US is in economic matters.
Donald Trump's zig-zag policy style is creating fears among partners, who have started talking about a trade war as a spiral of higher tariffs and countermeasures seems irreversible. Ahead of the Buenos Aires meeting of G20 finance ministers and central bankers, there's also fresh talk of a looming currency war which could be triggered by individual nations keeping their currencies down artificially with a view to securing a competitive edge in international trade.
As early as January, US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin emphasized at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, that a weaker dollar would be good for the US.
Watch video 02:11 Share European Union Hopes to Avoid Trade War with the USA Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uLf1 European Union hopes to avoid trade war
Officially, the G20 nations have pledged not to manipulate their currencies. "We will refrain from competitive devaluation and we will not target our exchange rates for competitive purposes," said the final communique of a G20 finance ministers' meeting in Germany in March 2017.
Can you trust the president?
But some have serious misgivings about the US president sticking to that pledge. "He doesn't stick to the rules, in no game that he's playing," said Hans-Peter Burghof, professor for banking at Hohenheim University in Germany.
The manipulation of exchange rates is "a real danger," Burghof told DW, adding that Donald Trump had a vested interest in a weaker dollar as falling share prices and other developments showed "the negative impact of their inconsistent policy."
But others disagree. "A currency war is ruled out," said Jürgen von Hagen, who heads the Institute for International Economic Policy at Bonn University. "The specter of a currency war raises its head every now and then, but there's no real danger of that happening."
Donald Trump appointed Jerome Powell as the Fed's new boss, but they can't fire them
In order to weaken the greenback, Trump would have to talk the US Federal Reserve out of its current monetary policy. In the past few years, the Fed has raised its benchmark interest rate a couple of times and has announced further hikes for later this year.
"Interest rate policy is the domain of the central bank, and the Trump administration has no influence on it," von Hagen noted.
Their words were echoed by Volker Wieland, a professor at the Institute for Monetary and Financial Stability at Frankfurt University. "The Fed's interest rate policy is based on economic developments in the US, including inflation, growth and employment parameters and does not aim to impact exchange rates."
No cause for alarm?
This is why the Fed has currently no reason do deviate from its policy as "the economy expands, the inflation rate is near the central bank's target and unemployment is low," with Trump's recent tax reform making further interest rate hikes even more likely.
All of that would make the greenback stronger against the euro as the European Central Bank maintains its zero-interest policy in light of low inflation rates in the eurozone.
Watch video 01:44 Share A steely new relationship Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2uCdQ A steely new relationship
So, no currency war then? Well, it all depends on what extremes the US president may choose to go. Hans-Peter Burghof wouldn't put it past Donald Trump to ratchet up pressure on the Fed to avoid more interest rate hikes and accuse the central bank of harming US national interests.
The central bank, headed by Trump favorite Jerome Powell, may also change its policy when economic data lose their shine. Burghof argues the Fed is not as independent as the ECB, with the Federal Reserve explicitly called upon to support the government's economic agenda.
"But even if a weaker dollar results in some trade advantages, it is bound to backfire long-term," said economist Volker Wieland, pointing to the United States' huge debt burden. China holds some $1.2 trillion of that debt, Japan roughly $1 trillion and Europe some $800 billion.
"Should the dollar devaluate consistently, interest rates to be paid by the US government would have to rise."
Apple has surpassed Samsung as the world's leading shipper of smartphones, according to two industry reports released today.
Though IDC and IHS Markit had differing numbers for the fourth quarter of 2017, the result was the same: Apple handsets surpassed Samsung in shipments for only the second time in history.
"The new models from Apple played a key role in moving Apple ahead of Samsung in Q4," said Ryan Reith, vice president for IDC's Mobile Device Tracker report.
According to Apple's own numbers, it's selling about 10 iPhones per second -- most of which are iPhone X's.
Apple yesterday announced quarterly revenue of $88.3 billion, an increase of 13% year-over-year -- an all-time record. International sales accounted for 65 percent of the quarter's revenue.
Apple once before surpassed Samsung in handset shipments – in the fourth quarter of 2016. But that was considered an anomaly by analysts at the time.
"Apple had a good holiday quarter [in 2016], but it was also the same time Samsung was going through that whole issue with the Note 7 and the battery issue. So Samsung was having its own issues, while Apple was doing well," Reith said. "There was no anomaly this quarter. There's no question [Apple is] gaining traction."
Apple shipments, Reith said, are driven by holiday sales because their new product release cycle comes just prior to that season.
IDC
"There's a good chance they could see a soft first half of 2018. That's not because they're doing anything wrong," Reith said. "That's mainly because of the way the fan base follows their new product. They rush out to buy the new product and then it sort of tapers off a little bit as you get closer to the September announcement for new products."
Smartphone shipments flatten
While Apple may have passed Samsung, overall smartphone shipments declined 6.3% in the fourth quarter of 2017, and shipments for the whole year decreased just under 1% due to higher-priced "ultra-high-end flagship" models, IDC said.
IHS Markit research saw the market slightly different, with shipments dipping a bit less (4.5%) from Q3 to Q4 while increasing 3.5% for the year.
Leading the market in the fourth quarter, Apple shipped 77.3 million smartphones, 1.2% fewer than in 2016, according to IHS. Samsung shipped 74.3 million units, down 2.2%.
Apple accounted for 20% of all smartphones shipped in the fourth quarter. Samsung followed at 19%, according to IHS.
IDC also pegged Apple's shipments at 77.3 million in Q4, but it saw that as a 1.3% decrease year-over-year.
Although demand for the new higher priced iPhone X may not have been as strong as many expected, the overall iPhone lineup appealed to a wider range of consumers in both emerging and developed markets, IDC said. Apple finished second for the full year in 2017 shipping 215.8 million units, up 0.2% from the 215.4 million units shipped in 2016.
"Apple continues to prove that having numerous models at various price points bodes well for bringing smartphone owners to iOS," IDC said.
IDC
Developed markets, however, such as the U.S. and China both saw a decline during the quarter as "consumers appeared to be in no rush to upgrade to the newest generation of higher-priced flagship devices," IDC's research stated.
Even with new features, such as bezel-less, full-screen displays, advanced biometrics, and improved artificial intelligence, high price points may be outweighing the benefits of owning the "latest and greatest device in hand," said Anthony Scarsella, research manager for Mobile Phones at IDC.
"The latest flock of posh flagships may have had consumers hitting the pause button in the holiday quarter," Scarsella said. "With ultra-high-end flagships all the rage in 2017, many of these new bezel-less wonders proved to be more of a luxury than a necessity among upgraders."
Enterprise uptake of ultra-high-end smartphones
In terms of enterprise adoption, Apple has likely hit a ceiling with the high prices of its latest models, according to Reith.
"If Apple and to some extent Samsung and a few others continue to push the price of these devices up, it will be interesting to see how IT buyers react to that," Reith said. "I don't think they want to chase products that were $700 two years ago and are now $1,000 and [may go] up into the $1,200 range.
IDC
"They have to ask themselves, 'When does this stop?'" Reith continued. "I do think enterprises likely have hit a threshold in terms of what they'll actually put up in terms of their own budget. There are still a good number of offerings from both of those vendors at a cheaper price point."
Samsung, for example, has a product portfolio that consists of 80 to 100 smartphone SKUs at any given time, most of which are sub-$300, sub-$400 devices that aim for middle of the market or developing markets, Reith said.
Gerrit Schneemann, a senior analyst for Mobile Devices at IHS Markit, said when it comes to the enterprise market, iOS deployments would not typically rely on ultra-high-end devices, so "the cross-generational software support is still a key differentiator."
"I don't have any clear indication how iPhone X is being received by corporations," Schneemann said. "However, there aren't any features that are not available on other iPhones as well – the only significant change is animoji, [the facial recognition] and the new gesture-based interface. Beyond those two items, the experience and feature set on iPhone 7, for example, and iPhone 8 or X will be the same."
Smartphone face ID is also available on Android handsets, so Apple could easily implement a similar feature for other devices with Touch ID, Schneemann noted.
Over the past three years, enterprise purchasing of smartphones has remained relatively flat: about 6% of overall shipments, according to Reith, who attributed that to the popularity of bring-your-own-device (BYOD) corporate strategies that have plateaued.
Companies have mostly settled on offering employees two OS options: iOS or Android. "So, Apple is always in the equation. The real question is will the Android choice be Samsung or Huawei," Reith said, referring to the first and second best-selling Android handsets.
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz walks off the field after injuring their leg against the Los Angeles Rams on Sunday, Dec. 10, 2017 at the Coliseum in Los Angeles, Calif. (Wally Skalij/Los Angeles Times/TNS)
Rare is the fantasy owner who breezes through the season without having to overcome injuries. It's a part of the game -- real football, of course, and the fantasy game we love to play.
But some injuries hurt more than others. David Johnson's broken wrist in Week 1 and Aaron Rodgers' collarbone injury five weeks later leap to mind. (My buddy's contention that Pierre Garcon's Week 8 injury was a crushing blow to their roster just doesn't hold water.)
But losing one or more of your studs at playoff time can prove fatal to your title chances.
Nobody knows that better than owners of Alvin Kamara, who went down with a concussion on the first drive of the Thursday nighter. The timing couldn't have been worse, and it undoubtedly prevented countless fantasy teams from advancing to the next round as they otherwise would have.
Carson Wentz's loss is different, but no less alarming. Wentz treated their owners to a 291-yard, four-touchdown, one-interception performance before going down for the remainder of the season with a torn ACL. The fantasy ramifications of that injury begin now.
Those who don't already have a solid quarterback on their bench will be searching for emergency help on a waiver wire that has likely been picked clean over the course of the year. I've offered a couple of recommendations below, but unless Aaron Rodgers is still sitting there for some inexplicable reason, get ready for a significant downgrade at this crucial position.
By the way, if you find yourself facing Wentz's owner in Week 15 or could face them or them in the championship round, consider making a preemptive claim on the best quarterback available. Keeping Rodgers, Blake Bortles or whomever from your opponent's roster is not just a sneaky blocking move; it's good strategy that could make the difference in your title run.
As they say, all's fair in love and fantasy football.
WAIVER WIRE PICKS AND PANS
To win a fantasy championship, it's best to start with a great draft. But filling gaps in your roster with the occasional waiver-wire acquisition can also pay big dividends. Here's a look at players worth considering, and a couple who would look better in someone else's lineup.
Catch 'em while you can ...
Aaron Rodgers, QB, Packers. How are they still available in a third of all leagues? Surely my readers have not overlooked Rodgers, since I advised you to grab them last week. Come on, people ... it's Aaron Freaking Rodgers, and he'll probably be the Packers' starter next week!
Blake Bortles, QB, Jaguars. Did Wentz strand you at the worst possible time? Bortles could come to the rescue. Benefiting from their stifling defense, a strong running game and the emergence of play-making wideout Marqise Lee (who's also still widely available), Bortles posted their second consecutive multi-touchdown game without a turnover in the tough battle with Seattle. Next up: tasty matchups with the Texans and 49ers.
Jonathan Stewart, RB, Panthers. Stewart is available in four out of six ESPN leagues, which is odd because they scored in each of the past two games before their 103-yard, three-touchdown explosion against the top-ranked Vikings run defense. With Green Bay and Tampa Bay up next, Stewart could keep the touchdown streak going while grinding out decent (or better) yards.
Don't be fooled ...
Nick Foles, QB, Eagles. Foles had their moments in the fantasy spotlight, but those days are long gone. Though they have a great cast around him, and even a favorable matchup against the Giants next week, he's just not the guy you want leading your team in the fantasy postseason. Unless you are truly desperate.
Rod Smith, RB, Cowboys. Smith has become the king of trash-time scoring, finding the end zone four times over the past three games -- all in the fourth quarter. So if you think the Cowboys will continue to nurse big leads at the end of their next two games, go ahead and grab him. But that's an awfully risky proposition. Don't forget: Ezekiel Elliott returns in Week 16.
Ladd Biro is a two-time winner and five-time finalist of the Football Writer of the Year Award by the Fantasy Sports Writers Association. Follow all their advice daily at the Fantasy Fools blog (fantasy-fools.blogspot.com), on Facebook and via Twitter (@ladd_biro).
Updates: Our next workshop for the Assistive Technology for the Elderly will be conducted on Wednesday, December 13th. If you are interested in coming give us a buzz or to learn more see the brochure link below.
Link to Brochure
Volunteers: A big thanks to our volunteers from Delta Gamma, and students, including Hazel and Michelle, who've been helping out with our calendars. We've sent more than 1500 already!
Holidays and Inclement Weather Closings: We'll be closed Monday December 25th, for Christmas, and Monday January 1st, for New Year's Day. Additionally, should Roanoke County or Roanoke City Schools be closed due to inclement weather, we too will be closed. Additionally, we'll put a notice on the answering machine here at New Vision. That's at 540-985-8900.
Braille Calendars: You can order 2018 Braille Calendars by emailing the following Non-Profit your address and request a calendar calendars@actionfund.org.
Podcasts
Way back we talked about the talking laundry machine module, here's a discussion from the Main Menu team about the unit. See link below. http://mainmenu.acbradio.org/podcast/2017-11-10.mp3
Trying to get some bargains and do some shopping this time of year? Looking for equipmnet and tools that are blind or low-vision friendly? If so check out this episode of Blind Bargains. See link below. http://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/www.blindbargains.com/audio/bbq124.mp3
Interested in gaming or augmented reality? Check out this Main Menu episode. See the link below. http://mainmenu.acbradio.org/podcast/2017-11-24.mp3
Check out the BBQ team as they talk to Marty Schultz, of Kid Friendly Software and Blindfold Games. Marty had some real struggles recently with their development process but hear them discuss their companies future. http://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/www.blindbargains.com/audio/bbq123.mp3
How can modern technology make shopping and chores easier? Check out this episode of Bling Bargains as the team discusses shopping, iPhone 10, and much more. See link below. http://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/www.blindbargains.com/audio/bbq122.mp3
iPhone & iPad Apps
Check out the AppleVis' Unlimited Newsletter for November 2017. See the link below for more. https://applevis.com/applevis-unlimited-whats-new-and-noteworthy-november-2017
News
Starting November 20th new or upgrading Sprint customers can get the KNFB Reader App for free. See the article below. I also have some directions from Scott White at the NFB if that will help, just let me know. The KNFB Reader App is usually $99. http://newsroom.sprint.com/sprint-accessibility-offers-free-app-to-customers-who-are-blind-or-have-low-vision.htm
Check out this holiday buying guide from the folks at Access World. See the link below. http://www.afb.org/afbpress/pubnew.asp?DocID=aw181102
Interested in getting those really good online shopping deals? Need a guide? Need some advice? See this article from the Access World team. See the link below. http://www.afb.org/afbpress/pubnew.asp?DocID=aw181103
Check out Jamie Pauls' article, on Access World, about the iOS 11 Book by Jonathan Mosen. See link below. http://www.afb.org/afbpress/pubnew.asp?DocID=aw181108
Android News
Check out this article about the new Be My Eyes App on Android. See the link below. http://www.afb.org/afbpress/pubnew.asp?DocID=aw181104
Android O or Oreo has some new accessibility features. Listen to this episode of the Cool Blind Tech Podcast that breaks down some of these new features. See link below. https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/traffic.libsyn.com/coolblindtech/Android_O-_New_Accessibility_Features_in_TalkBack_6.0.0.mp3
New Echo Feature
The Amazon Echo's calendar now allows you to verbally add and delete events. So here's a sample conversation to add and delete an event. By the way, the word appointment will also work.
Add Event
“Alexa, create an appointmnet”
“What day and time?”
“Today, 6pm”
“What's the name of the event?”
“Dinner”
“That's Dinner at 6pm Today, right?”
“Right”
Delete an Event
“Alexa, delete an appointment”
“Which event would you like to delete?”
“Dinner at 6 pm”
“Delete, Dinner at 6 pm, right?”
“Right”
Echo Tips
Here are a few things to try. Some practical, some just fun. By the way, we post a lot of these on our Facebook page almost daily.
“Alexa, who's hosting Saturday Night Live this week?”
“Alexa, are there basketball games tomorrow?”
“Alexa, read Little Women from Audible.”
“Alexa, tell me a vegetable joke.”
“Alexa, how do I add a second user profile?”
“Alexa, what's your mission?”
“Alexa, talk to Best Buy.”
“Alexa, when is the next Rockets game?”
“Alexa, tell me about Stranger Things.”
“Alexa, sing me a love song.”
“Alexa, what are the most popular books this week?”
“Alexa, how do I set up calling and messaging?”
“Alexa, what's the longest word in the dictionary?”
“Alexa, how old is the universe?”
“Alexa, what's the 7-day forecast?”
“Alexa, how do I play music everywhere?”
“Alexa, play the song that goes ‘true love won't desert you.'”
Ways to Support New Vision
Kroger Community Rewards
Your Kroger Plus Card can be a powerful tool for supporting local organizations in your community. New Vision recently registered to be a beneficiary of the Kroger Community Rewards Program. Kroger will, in turn, donate toward our mission every time you, as a registered user, make purchases at their stores on hundreds of items.
Registration expires each August, and if you did not renew last summer, please do so now.
If you'd like to see how to sign up or renew, see the link below. http://newvisionroa.org/news/use-kroger-plus-card-support-us/
If you are a screen reader user then follow the link below for directions. These directions should apply whether you're using NVDA or JAWS. http://newvisionroa.org/?p=540&preview=true
If you need additional help feel free to phone us here at the office.
Amazon Smile Program
If you want Amazon to make a donation to New Vision every time you make a purchase you can use the link below to sign up for the Amazon Smile Program. Follow the step-by-step directions. Sorry, we haven't had a chance to put together step-by-step directions for screen reader users yet. See link below. https://smile.amazon.com/ch/54-1210770
Local News and Events
Reoccurring Events: Here's a note fromR.A.V.E.'s flyer,
“R.A.V.E.'s annual Christmas Banquet will again be held at the Cave Spring Lions' Clubhouse at 4801 Merriman Rd., SW, Roanoke, VA 24018 (See the following driving directions) The Banquet is on Wednesday, December 20, 2017. Dinner will begin at 7:00 PM, so arrive a few minutes early if possible. The meal is again catered by Adell's of Rocky Mount, and the cost is $15 for all attendees, except for special guests, Lions drivers and the 3-D Trio. RESERVATIONS REQUIRED by Friday, December 8th. Call Dianne Decker at 540/562-0455 for reservations…”
Your Thoughts
If you have any thoughts about what could be mentioned in an upcoming newsletter or comments on this newsletter feel free to reply or fill out the following form. See the following link. http://goo.gl/forms/9WXsbr3jPp
Contact Info
New Vision 4504 Starkey Rd. Suite 120 Roanoke, VA 24018 (South Park Office Building) Phone: 540.985.8900
Subscribe to Newsletter via Email
<
div style=”box-shadow: 0 4px 8px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2), 0 6px 20px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.19);margin-top:10%;padding:20px 20px 20px 20px;”>
The Kremlin spokesperson said that Moscow is not ruling out response measures if Russian media outlets in the United States will be further oppressed.
Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that they hope that the oppression of RT and Sputnik in the United States would not go unnoticed, including by international watchdogs.
A number of Russian media outlets in a number of Western countries, first of all in the US, face “unprecedented pressure” in violation of the principle of the freedom of speech.
“In our opinion, this is in violation of the principle of freedom of speech, freedom of the work of the media. We hope that such an oppression of our media, in this case I'm talking about RT and Sputnik, won't go unnoticed by relevant international organizations. Undoubtedly, in case of further oppression, further violation of our media outlets' right to unhampered activity, we cannot rule out actions that will be carried out based on the principle of reciprocity,” Peskov said.
When asked of a possible Russian response to US' plans to restrict the work of some Russian media outlets, Peskov said that they have no information that some US media may be recognized undesirable in Russia.
“Of course, the freedom of media in Russia, of all foreign media, their equality with Russian media outlets is very important for us,” Dmitry Peskov said. “And first of all, of course, we are guided by this law,” the press secretary added.
Andrei Klimov, head of the Federation Council Commission on protection of state sovereignty, also commented on the issue, saying that a number of non-governmental organizations with de-facto US' participation could be banned in Russia on proposal by the upper house of parliament by the end of 2017.
“We are now considering the possibility of recognizing several foreign organizations as ‘unwanted'. They are not formally American, but they ‘have American ears',” Klimov said.
Klimov declined to specify the names of these organizations and the scope of their activities, but noted that they have no relation to the media.
The upper house of the Russian parliament will consider a number of legislative proposals in response to discrimination of Russian media abroad by October 23. Lawmaker Klimov stressed that it was a response rather than a preventive measure, and these measures may not be implemented unless the US continued to discriminate Russia's RT broadcaster.
The statements come as RT and Sputnik News Agency have come under intense scrutiny in the United States, with US lawmakers questioning whether RT should have been registered under FARA and, most recently, asking the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to look into Sputnik Radio. Moreover, the FBI reportedly questioned former Sputnik reporter Andrew Feinberg as part of an investigation into allegations that Sputnik is acting as an agency of foreign political propaganda in September, with Moscow saying that it “reserves the right to respond to the outrageous actions of the American side.”
RT and Sputnik Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan commented on possible “illegal” restrictions for the work of the Russian broadcaster, saying that RT might cease its activities in the United States due to increasing pressure from the country's authorities. At the same time, Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said that Russia could respond, if the United States continues to exert pressure on Russian media working in the United States.
Last week, media reported that the US Senate Intelligence Committee asked senior managers from Facebook, Google and Twitter to testify in front of the US Congress at a public hearing scheduled for October as part of the probe into Russia's alleged attempts to use social media to influence the November 2016 election, a claim repeatedly denounced by Russian officials.
In the latest development, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday that Google, which owns YouTube, has dropped RT from its package of popular channels aimed at advertisers.
Russia has faced multiple accusations from officials and the media in the US of alleged interference in the US presidential election, although the claims have not been substantiated. Top Russian officials have repeatedly denied these allegations and stressed that Russia avoids interfering in other states' domestic affairs.
© Sputnik/ Evgeny Biyatov
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Russia
To most people, Canadian Pharmacy means just another spam e-mail message promising cheap Viagra pills that is deleted in microseconds – but to David Zimmer, it's a reputation nightmare for their business.
Zimmer is the owner of Winnipeg-based The Canadian Pharmacy, a small company that legitimately sells pharmaceuticals over the Internet to American customers. In the U.S., drugs often cost much more than in Canada and there's a swath of businesses across the country that are
But when their company is confused with the almost identically-named spammer group, their reputation takes a drubbing.
“It's a big pain for us,” they say. They say they gets inundated with complaints from angry victims of these spammers who haven't received their medication.
About once a day, Zimmer says they personally take a call from an angry victim of the fraudsters. They've paid money and received nothing in return. When they go searching for someone to contact and blame, it's the legitimate companies they find.
The irony is Zimmer doesn't even do any e-mail marketing. They started their company in 2003, before Canadian Pharmacy spam existed.
“I've considered changing our brand,” they say. “When people confuse us with Canadian Pharmacy, that hurts our ability to market ourselves by word of mouth.”
Canadian Pharmacy is well-known among spam researchers. Run out of Russia by a company called Glavmed, it has been one of the more successful e-mail scams run over the last couple of years. Using thousands of randomly registered domains and constantly shifting spam message techniques, they continue to perpetrate fraud with impunity — and there's very little victims can do.
The spammers shifted tactics again during the month of July, according to Sunny Vale, Calif.-based security vendor Fortinet Inc. They pushed spam out through Web 2.0 services such as Google Groups, and Tinypic, a photo and video sharing Web site.
“It's probably one of the most notorious spam groups,” says Derek Manky, project manager for cybersecurity and threat research at Fortinet. “Traditional spam filtering has become pretty effective against text, so image spam has become pretty popular.”
Canadian Pharmacy put code into a Google Groups page that redirected browsers to one of its own domains, Manky says. It also sent e-mail messages with a Tinypic image embedded, but when the image was clicked on, it led to one of the spammer's Web sites.
The e-mail subject header claimed either the recipient had been sent an e-Card or had an expired profile that needed maintenance.
Legit Canadian pharmacies doing business over the Internet have little recourse against the spam. The Canadian International Pharmacy Association (CIPA) is a group of 21 bonafide dealers that actively warn against the fraud being perpetrated.
The association's front page has an obvious warning for consumers. “Do not deal with any sites called ‘canadarxconnection.com', ‘Canadian Pharmacy', ‘Canadian HealthCare', ‘Canadianfamilypharmacy.com”, or “Drugs 5.com',” it warns.
It's just one part of the battle to separate themselves from the fraudsters on the Internet by conducting business in an ethical and safe manner, says Tim Smith, general manager of CIPA.
“We feel it's important you deal with a real, licenced pharmacy that has a physical location and is easy to contact,” they say. “We are true pharmacies that require consultation both with a physician and a pharmacist, as well as a prescription where needed.”
Any pharmacy promising to sell prescription drugs without seeing the paperwork is surely fraudulent, Smith warns. As well as any site promising the sale of narcotics.
Other Canadian pharmacies with similar domain names to the spammers include canadapharmacy.com and canadapharmacyonline.com. Both are certified CIPA members.
Zimmer's company does its advertising mostly through other organizations that will promote them as a value-added service. It also has opened up physical operations in the U.S. to communicate with customers. But it mostly maintains customer relationships with telephone reminders for prescription refills.
“Seniors are our target market,” Zimmer says. “Traditionally, they are not the most tech-savvy demographic out there.”
Meanwhile, they must explain to angry victims of Canadian Pharmacy spam every day that their company doesn't even do e-mail marketing. It's time he's taken away from running their business, and there's no way to stop the spammers – legal action seems impossible.
“When you deal in going beyond the borders of Canada, it's pretty tough,” they say.
The spammers go to great lengths to give the appearance of authenticity. The sites even have what looks like a CIPA seal of approval. But closer examination of the logo shows it actually reads CIDA – for the non-existent Canadian International Drug Association.
No one has ever tried to prosecute the spammers, Fortinet's Manky says. Many jurisdictions outside of North America lack the legislation needed to bring charges against spammers.
The affiliate program also means that there are so many spammers involved, it is hard to single out one single perpetrator. Spammers receive credit when they push traffic to the Canadian Pharmacy domains by getting a percentage of the resulting sales.
Thousands of random domains are created with registrars who are known to be slack on taking down malicious sites. This gives the spammers a greater window of opportunity to fool more victims.
The Canadian Pharmacy's Google Group used to redirect traffic during July has been shutdown, according to a Google spokesperson. The group was deemed to have violated the terms of use agreement.
“Using Google Groups to send spam is a violation of our policies,” the spokesperson said.
If a complaint is made about a Google Group, it is slapped with a warning for 30 days. Users are told they are at risk of viewing spam if they follow the link. If no one files a report showing the group is not spam within that time period, it is deleted.
Tinypic did not respond to a request for information about the spam messages by time of publication.
Canadian Pharmacy spam is bound to continue. Health-related spam accounted for 11 per cent of all spam in July according to Symantec Corp.
On Spamwiki, a European spam-tracking Web site, Canadian Pharmacy is the third-most viewed article and My Canadian Pharmacy is the fifth most-viewed article.
Zimmer has resigned themselves to dealing with angry phone calls as a result of the spam. It's become just another challenge in conducting business.
They still won't be bullied into changing their company's name.
Truck stolen from Armstrong allegedly used in multiple incidents between Lake Country and Kelowna
Kelowna Regional RCMP continue their investigation into an early morning string of related hit-and-run collisions which involved a stolen white Ford F-150 pickup truck travelling between Lake Country and Kelowna and ultimately led to the dynamic arrest of a suspect by an off duty RCMP officer in Rutland.
Just before 6:30 a.m. Monday, RCMP began to receive numerous calls from the public of an erratic and dangerous driver who had been involved in, and fled from the scene of, a rollover collision along Highway 97 near Beaver Lake Road in Lake Country.
“Calls from the public continued to pour in,” said RCMP spokesperson Cpl. Jesse O'Donaghey. “Residents reported that the same suspect Ford F-150 had been spotted at various locations throughout Rutland.”
An off-duty RCMP officer became involved when they witnessed the driver of the suspect vehicle commit an offence.
The driver eventually stopped n the 400 block of Gerstmar Road and fled from the vehicle. The off-duty officer identified themselves as a police officer and a struggle ensued during which the officer was allegedly assaulted.
Police have since confirmed that the Ford F-150 had been reportedly stolen from Armstrong.
“The criminal investigation remains in its early stages, as police prepare to conduct at least a dozen interviews with both witnesses and victims,” said O'Donaghey. “Our officers have yet to positively identify the young adult male they currently have in police custody.”
Once identified the suspect could face several potential charges.
If you witnessed any of the multiple crashes or observed the driving behaviour of the Ford F-150 pickup truck involved, and have not yet spoken to police, you are urged to contact the Kelowna RCMP at 250-762-3300.
This story is about Published 1h
Why Dennis Smith Jr. is the Mavs' key to the Luka Doncic experiment Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Ashley Landis/Staff Photographer Guard Dennis Smith, Jr. (1) talks to reporters during a Dallas Mavericks NBA Summer League practice at the Mavericks' training facility on Monday, July 02, 2018. (Ashley Landis/The Dallas Morning News)
By Kevin Sherrington , Staff Columnist Contact Kevin Sherrington on Twitter: @KSherringtonDMN
(Editor's note: This post was originally published June 21, 2018.)
Even before Adam Silver made the trade official, Dennis Smith Jr. sanctioned the Mavs' biggest draft day deal in 20 years. "I'm a fan," they tweeted.
I'm a fan 💪🏿 — Dennis Smith Jr. (@Dennis1SmithJr) June 21, 2018
The feeling was mutual. "He's an amazing player," Luka Doncic said. "He's an amazing point guard." Sure, everyone's got the warm fuzzies now, but when the kids actually play, can Rick Carlisle get them to share the ball? "I really feel," Carlisle said, "he and Dennis will complement each other really well." The Mavs are betting on it, in fact. More than just next year's lottery pick.
'What a day': Inside how the Mavs got their top target in Luka Doncic and what they go from here
Maybe even their return to relevance. If Doncic and DSJ can learn not only to coexist but thrive together, giving up a first-rounder next year won't hurt the Mavs so much. Doncic has the kind of talent that not only makes them potentially the best rookie of the bunch, they might prove to be the best player long term. They give Carlisle what they always want, which is another playmaker on the floor. A dazzling one, at that. If Doncic and Smith hit it off, the Mavs will have formed the cornerstone of their comeback. Of course, it would help if they could come up with a center, too. Maybe you noticed they passed on several options in a draft noted for big men. Expect them to chase DeMarcus Cousins or Clint Capela. But whatever else happens, the Mavs' skill level improved dramatically Thursday. Carlisle, who says they expect Doncic to start from Day 1, can practically see it. "He's a great shooter," they said of Doncic, "so they create space for other players, which is really going to help Dennis. "I think Dennis' speed and rim-attacking ability is gonna complement Doncic's spacing ability and playmaking ability." On paper, anyway. On the floor? We'll see. The thing about a playmaker is they need the ball in their hands, and DSJ has pretty much considered it their personal property. He's carried the load of creating offense at every level he's played. He's not only used to it, he's grown comfortable in the role. This will be an adjustment.
If they learn to share, the Mavs' offense will improve dramatically from one of the league's worst. Mavs fans haven't seen someone who can pass like Doncic since Steve Nash or Jason Kidd. Here's betting a few of Doncic's new teammates will be surprised. Better keep their hands up, anyway. If you're worried about whether the Mavs got the right guy in this draft, you could certainly argue for a center. They could have had Mo Bamba, and it wouldn't have cost them a first-rounder next year, either. Bamba has big-time potential on defense. He'd have changed the Mavs' personality just as Tyson Chandler once did, and they have more potential on offense. Bamba's also a project, and an extremely large one. Most rookies are. Even Dirk Nowitzki came with questions, which is how the best player in the '98 draft lasted until the ninth pick. Not since Jason Kidd went second overall in '94 has a Dallas rookie been as highly regarded as Doncic.
What scouting reports said about new Maverick Luka Doncic: Can they be one of the best passers in the NBA?
Weld County Commissioner Julie Cozad is the subject of a state Independent Ethics Commission investigation following a complaint from a Weld County resident.
Cozad, the Board of Weld County Commissioners chairperson, is accused of improperly accepting a gift after attending a North Colorado Medical Center fundraiser in late January. At the fundraiser, Cozad, along with their husband, were guests of Noble Energy, which later had business before the county commissioners.
Johnstown resident Ellen DeLorenzo filed the complaint July 20, and the Independent Ethics Commission agreed to investigate it on Sept. 29.
The complaint was posted publicly online Thursday by the Independent Ethics Commission.
Cozad has until Oct. 30 to file a response, but they said they would provide one to The Tribune and the Independent Ethics Commission within the next few days.
Weld County attorneys are not representing Cozad, as they say she's answering the complaint herself. Cozad said in a phone interview Thursday that she's confident she's in the right.
"I'll let my response speak for everything else," Cozad said.
The complaint alleges the table Cozad and their husband sat at cost $2,500 per seat. It was a table for 10, and Noble's donation was $25,000.
Cozad said they were planning to attend the fundraiser anyway, and was invited to sit at the Noble table "at the last minute."
After conversations with Weld County Attorney Bruce Barker, Cozad agreed to pay $150 total for the two meals and made a $220 donation to the North Colorado Medical Center Foundation.
Because even regular seats at the fundraiser were going for $275 apiece, the complaint alleges Cozad's contributions are at least $180 short of the minimum cost to attend, with a maximum obligation of $4,630, considering the $2,500 per seat cost of the Noble table.
The Colorado Constitution prohibits public officials from accepting gifts equivalent to $59 or greater (it was $50 in 2011, but has gone up due to inflation).
DeLorenzo brought the complaint before the county commissioners and the Weld County Council on Feb. 13, eliciting a statement from Cozad that was read at the County Council meeting.
After DeLorenzo spoke at the Feb. 13 County Council meeting, Council Chairman Brett Abernathy didn't make much of the complaint.
"I find we get into the weeds determining who you can sit with and who you can't sit with when you go to an event," Abernathy said. "I don't believe there's anything here we need to pursue."
The County Council is charged with reviewing conflicts of interest, according to the Weld County Charter. But DeLorenzo's complaint touches on other issues, including improper benefits.
DeLorenzo said in a phone interview Thursday that they decided to go to the Independent Ethics Commission after researching the matter.
In their February statement, Cozad said they support the local hospital and has attended the event each of the past seven years. They said commissioners regularly attend fundraisers and regularly sit at tables sponsored by local businesses.
They said the benefit is to the nonprofits, not to them as a commissioner, as they have no financial interest, particularly with Noble.
However, Noble Energy did have a land use case with commissioners less than a month after the fundraiser, which could raise the specter of an appearance of impropriety, something the Independent Ethics Commission does consider, even if ethics rules in the Colorado Constitution are not violated.
It's something DeLorenzo pointed out in their complaint.
"I think it's an issue because I believe the county commissioners have a leadership role they've been elected into whereby their constituents, myself included, expect them to behave ethically," DeLorenzo said.
The complaint further alleges one of the Noble representatives, Greg Pickerel, was at both the fundraiser and the land use hearing, despite Cozad saying on record during the hearing that they have had no conflict of interest or outside contact with Noble Energy.
Dino Ioannides, from the Colorado Independent Ethics Commission, said the process usually takes four or five months. That timeline is from the time the commission declares a complaint non-frivolous, which the commission did for DeLorenzo's complaint in late September.
The vast majority of complaints the commission receives are deemed frivolous, including 27 of the 30 listed on the Independent Ethics Commission website.
— Tyler Silvy covers government and politics for The Greeley Tribune. Reach them at tsilvy@greeleytribune.com. Connect with them at Facebook.com/TylerSilvy or @TylerSilvy on Twitter.
Other complaints in 2017 There is just one other complaint involving a local official that the state Independent Ethics Commission has deemed non-frivolous. There have been 38 total complaints in 2017, and two others that were deemed non-frivolous involve officials in Williamsburg. Sen. Vicki Marble, R-Windsor — Marble was accused of accepting improper gifts through their role as moderator at a forum on oil and gas issues at a restaurant. Extraction Oil and Gas paid for food for the roughly 75 people who attended. Marble says they drank water and ate a few potato chips, and did not knowingly benefit from any sort of gift intended directly for them The commission deemed the complaint non-frivolous June 12.
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Bed Safe Rail Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Strander, Able Life, Drive, Signature Life, Medline, Carex, Slantrail, Complete Medical, PMI, Freedom, Smart-Rail.
The report begins with introducing the global Bed Safe Rail market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Bed Safe Rail report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bed-safe-rail-market/5890/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bed Safe Rail Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Adjustable, Assist, Portable, Others.
Bed Safe Rail Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Hospital, Senior Care Center, Home Care.
Key points in the Bed Safe Rail Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bed-safe-rail-market/5890/#inquiry
From all of this Bed Safe Rail market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Bed Safe Rail market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Bed Safe Rail distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
TORONTO -
Ontario's Liberal government is offering a second group of civil servants a deal, without demanding any concessions, that would extend their contracts past the next election.
The offer to the union that represents many professionals in the public service comes shortly after a similar offer was made to the Ontario Public Service Employees Union, which represents about 35,500 public servants and correctional staff.
Both tentative deals extend contracts for four years and come with 7.5-per-cent raises.
The Association of Management, Administrative and Professional Crown Employees of Ontario's current collective agreement is set to expire March 31, 2018 and extending the contracts to 2022 would ensure no potentially contentious bargaining in the months before the June 2018 election.
The presidents of both OPSEU and AMAPCEO have said they suspect the offers are related to that vote.
“I think it's maybe some wise political strategy to ensure that groups like labour organizations are satisfied to some extent and at least not the opposite when they're within a year of their election mandate,” said AMAPCEO president Dave Bulmer.
Bulmer said the contract extension offers stability for its 13,000 public service professionals — such as policy analysts, IT specialists, scientists and economists — and would provide for fair compensation increases with “absolutely no concessions.”
Treasury Board President Liz Sandals said the last round of bargaining was “stressful” for all involved because of the government's net zero environment — giving raises only if the increases were offset by concessions elsewhere.
“This time around we've got a little bit more flexibility because we've been able to have a balanced budget,” they said.
AMAPCEO members have had wage freezes in four of the past six years.
Sandals said it's not unusual to renegotiate contracts early, but OPSEU said government officials invited them to a routine meeting and presented them with a surprise extension offer.
AMAPCEO said its offer from the government was “sudden,” as it expected to begin bargaining in early 2018 and hadn't even ratified a bargaining team yet. They negotiated with the government for about a day on the rollover offer, the union said.
There are no other such conversations ongoing with public sector unions, Sandals said, but if another group approaches the government to get an extension, they are open to discussing it.
AMAPCEO members are set to vote on ratifying the tentative deal from June 23-27, with the results to be announced on June 28.
The possible AMAPCEO and OPSEU deals follow the Liberal government's successful offering to teachers and education workers of two-year extensions that came with four-per-cent raises and more than $275 million in additional funding.
Bulmer said they aren't surprised the government's offer came with no demands for concessions, since that has been the case with the other recent contract extensions.
“If we had been singled out it would have been a bit of a surprise,” they said. “But in more typical bargaining there's usually a little bit more of an ask.”
The global solar industry has been booming, even as Asian manufacturers oversupplied the market in 2009 and 2010 as they bet on expanding global demand, causing a glut, and knocking prices and stock values down hard.
After European countries cut subsidies, the solar-panel market ended up with huge production overcapacity, hurting manufacturers and sending stocks into a tailspin. Since then, however, stocks have rebounded, with companies like SunPower, First Solar and SolarCity enjoying sizable gains between 60 percent and more than 100 percent year-to-date.
But the combination of overheated stock prices and the threat of subsidies winding down could shake the industry once again.
Recently there has been a shift for American solar businesses away from simply supplying components to a focus on providing complete systems for projects. The most attractive area of growth has been the rooftop solar market, in which companies are having solar panel systems installed as the panels have become more affordable. In fact, U.S. rooftop solar produced 50 percent more energy in 2012 than in 2011, and is projected to grow 25 percent to 30 percent annually through 2020, according to Boston Consulting Group.
For smaller, solar rooftop companies, accessing financing has been a challenge. Crowdfunding sources have become a new conduit for accessing capital to fund solar systems, and increasingly companies looking for funding, and smaller investors looking for opportunities to invest small amounts in solar projects, are finding crowdfunding websites to be a good solution. Sites such as Mosaic and Kickstarter currently offer access to solar projects for investors who want to gain exposure to this niche market. To date, this type of platform has appealed to smaller investors, but increasingly is attracting larger investors, including accredited investors and institutional investors. Kickstarter offers equity investment funding opportunities, while Mosaic offers investors the chance to make loans to companies looking to complete solar projects.
Despite all of this interest and excitement surrounding the solar industry, and the impressive recent performance of key solar stocks, one undeniable challenge for the industry is the threat of losing key subsidies. Just as has happened in Europe, largely due to the economic challenges most countries there are facing, many U.S. states are winding down many of the subsidies that have to-date made solar systems economically viable. Even here in California there are state and local subsidies that have an uncertain future, the loss of which could drastically alter the affordability of solar panel systems for consumers.
Depending on the location and design of the solar system, the typical home installation ranges from 3 to 7 kilowatts and costs between $18,000 to $40,000 to purchase. But the cost of the equipment represents only about 45 percent of the total cost of a solar system. The solar panels themselves cost about one-third of the total cost of a residential photovoltaic system, with the solar panels for the average home system costing between $4,500 and $12,000. The power inverter, which converts DC to AC so the house can be connected to the grid, will cost $1,000 to $3,000. The mounting hardware — depending on the home, the system may require standoffs, rails, clips, etc. — will cost between $800 and $2,000. Wires and wiring boxes, disconnects, conduit and other electrical components can total between $1,000 and $2,000.
The installation of the system and permitting will amount to approximately 25 percent of the total cost of a typical system. Installation usually costs between $2,000 and $4,000. Permits and inspection fees can add more than $2,500 to total solar costs. Other solar permitting fees and costs can total between $3,000 and $6,000. Sales, marketing and operational costs amount to another 30 percent of the total cost of a system. Monitoring equipment and/or services can cost up to a couple thousand dollars. Maintenance and repair costs will vary, depending on the situation, and include the cost of replacing the power inverter. Inverters typically need to be replaced one or two times during the life of a system. Additional operational and overhead costs can total between $4,000 and $9,000 per installation.
Incentives — including federal, state and local subsidies — can lower the cost of solar power system dramatically. Currently, federal subsidies provide for 30 percent of the total cost of a solar system, including all equipment and installation costs. For a typical system for a home that costs $25,000 all-in, the 30 percent federal subsidy (Federal Solar Tax Credit) would apply to equipment and installation costs, or about 75 percent of the total. This subsidy would reduce the cost to the consumer by $5,625, or down to $19,375. (The consumer may wait up to 16 months to receive the benefit of the tax credit.) The federal energy Investment Tax Credit (ITC), due to the Energy Improvement and Extension Act of 2008, remains available through 2016.
California offers, through utilities, around 10 percent to 15 percent of the cost of a system, or perhaps another $3,000 or so on a $25,000 system, bringing the cost of the system down to about $16,000. There can be additional local rebates or incentives, including reduced or eliminated permitting costs and fees, further reducing total solar system costs.
State and local incentives are less certain in terms of how long they will remain in effect. Many state and local governments (and California is certainly no exception) are suffering with sizable budget deficits and, as a result, have been cutting back on all kinds of programs.
Payback period and ROI (return on investment) calculations can vary widely, depending on the amount of sunlight, the homeowner's electricity usage, etc. Most solar panel companies claim payback periods of 10 years when incentives are included, but many industry experts counter that payback periods can be much longer. Certainly if incentives are removed, payback periods will be significantly longer, regardless of any other variables.
With the current cost of solar panels at more than 80 percent below where they were five years ago, it is clear that overall system costs have come down significantly. Even so, it is not clear that payback periods and, more important, ROI over the life of the system, makes purchasing a solar system a good investment — even with incentives taken into account. Without any incentives, it is more likely that ROIs, with efficiency losses over the life of the system, are not compelling. With this stated, most people who purchase solar systems are not motivated strictly by the economic viability of the system.
Historically, the solar industry has experienced violent swings, with boom and bust periods driving as much as 90 percent of the companies in the industry out of business in bust periods. Is there another bust looming? If incentives are trimmed or ended, as was the case when European countries cut subsidies, we could see a significant contraction within the industry. In the shorter term, if the stock market corrects, solar stocks are certainly at levels that would warrant concern.
As costs continue to decline, especially for solar panels, and efficiency gains are realized, we can hope the eventually ROIs and payback periods will be such that incentives are no longer needed to make solar systems economically viable. It would be a fantastic win-win for everyone if we could use solar power and save money, instead of having to subsidize the industry to make it economically viable as we do today.
— Craig Allen, CFA, CFP, CIMA, is president of Montecito Private Asset Management LLC and founder of Dump Your Debt. They have been managing assets for foundations, corporations and high-net worth individuals for more than 20 years and is a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA charter holder), a Certified Financial Planner (CFP) and holds the Certified Investment Management Analyst (CIMA) certification. They blog at Finance With Craig Allen and can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or 805.898.1400. Click here to read previous columns or follow them on Twitter: @MPAMCraig. The opinions expressed are their own.
Are Americans becoming more libertarian on cultural issues? I see evidence that they are, in poll findings and election results on three unrelated issues — marijuana legalization, same-sex marriage and gun rights.
Start with pot. Last November, voters in the states of Colorado and Washington voted to legalize marijuana, by a 55 to 45 percent margin in Colorado (more than President Barack Obama's margin in the state) and by 56 to 44 percent in Washington.
In contrast, California voters rejected legalization 53 to 47 percent in 2010. These results and poll data suggest a general movement toward legal marijuana.
State legislatures in Denver and Olympia have been grappling with regulatory legislation amid uncertainty over whether federal law — and federal law enforcers — override their state laws.
But marijuana has already become effectively legal in many of the states that have reduced penalties for possession of small amounts or have legalized medical marijuana. You can easily find addresses and phone numbers of dispensaries on the web.
Same-sex marriage, rejected in statewide votes between 1998 and 2008 and most recently in North Carolina in May 2012, was approved by voters in Maine and Maryland in November 2012, and voters then rejected a ban on it in Minnesota.
Since then, legislators in Delaware, Minnesota and Rhode Island have voted to legalize same-sex marriage. A dozen states and the District of Columbia now have similar laws that would have been unthinkable two decades ago.
I have yet to see signs of political backlash. Polls show that support for same-sex marriage is well nigh universal among young Americans, but it has also been rising among their elders.
To some it may seem odd to yoke together marijuana and gay rights, generally thought of as causes of the left, with gun rights, supported more by the political right. Yet in all three cases Americans have been moving toward greater liberty for the individual.
One landmark was the first law, passed in Florida in 1987, allowing ordinary citizens to carry concealed weapons. Many, including me, thought that the result would be frequent shootouts in the streets.
That hasn't happened. It turns out that almost all ordinary citizens handle guns with appropriate restraint, as they do with the other potential deadly weapon people encounter every day — the automobile.
Concealed-carry laws have spread to 40 states, with few ill effects. Politicians who opposed them initially, like former Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm, have not sought their repeal.
In contrast, voters have reacted negatively to gun control proposals, even after horrific events like the Newtown massacre. That was apparent in the Senate's rejection of the Toomey-Manchin gun registration bill.
What about the cultural issue that most pundits mention first — abortion? Attitudes have remained roughly the same: Most Americans think abortion should be, in President Bill Clinton's phrase, safe, legal and rare.
Young Americans, contrary to their libertarian leaning on same-sex marriage, are slightly less pro-abortion rights than their elders. They've seen sonograms, and all of them by definition owe their existence to a decision not to abort.
And from the point of view of the unborn child, abortion is the opposite of liberating.
Back in the conformist America of the 1950s — a nation of greater income equality and stronger labor unions, as liberals like to point out — marijuana, homosexual acts and abortion weren't political issues. They were crimes. And opposition to gun control measures in the 1950s and 1960s was much less widespread and vigorous than it is today.
Is this libertarian trend a good thing for the nation? Your answer will depend on your values.
I'm inclined to look favorably on it. I think the large majority of Americans can use marijuana and guns responsibly. Same-sex marriage can be seen as liberating, but it also includes an element of restraint. Abortions, in fact, have become more rare over a generation.
But I do see something to worry about. In their bestseller Coming Apart, my American Enterprise Institute colleague Charles Murray shows that college-educated Americans have handled liberating trends of the 1970s like no-fault divorce with self-restraint.
But at the bottom of the social scale we have seen an unraveling, with out-of-wedlock births, continuing joblessness, lack of social connectedness and civic involvement.
In conformist America, the old prohibitions provided these people with guardrails, as the Wall Street Journal's Daniel Henninger has written. In today's more libertarian America, the guardrails may be gone.
— Michael Barone is a senior political analyst for The Washington Examiner, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a Fox News Channel contributor and a co-author of The Almanac of American Politics. Click here to contact him, follow them on Twitter: @MichaelBarone, or click here to read previous columns. The opinions expressed are their own.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have described the kidnapping of a 22-year-old victim by a man they met on a dating website as "frightening" and have today issued advice to people who use such websites.
The man was kidnapped in Park Lane, Allestree, when the attacker grabbed their victim by their throat, bound their wrists and forced them into the passenger seat of their own car and then drove off.
The incident happened on Friday, June 22, between 3.05pm and 3.40pm.
Detective Constable Phil Harris, from Derbyshire Police, said: “This was a frightening ordeal for the victim and demonstrates the importance of being aware of your personal safety when using online dating sites.
“If you are interacting with someone online doesn't feel pressured to reveal your personal details such as your full name and where you live, until you're absolutely comfortable with that person."
DC Harris said while the vast majority of people who use dating sites are genuine, it is always worth taking steps to protect yourself.
They added: “If you do decide to meet a date, always tell someone where you are and who you are going with. The safest plan is to meet in public and remain in public, make your own way there and back and don't feel pressured to go home with your date. If you are out in a Derbyshire Pubwatch venue look out for the Ask for Angela scheme which is intended to help those feeling uncomfortable or unsafe on a night out.
“Make sure that if you go home on your own, that you can get home safely and be sure to let someone know when you are back home safe afterwards.”
“If you're on a date and feel ready to move to a private environment, make sure your expectations match your date's.
“You can find further information about staying safe whilst online dating on the Derbyshire Constabulary website.”
The kidnapper drove off towards Duffield Road, before turning left into Duffield and travelling to Makeney Road. They then stopped the car, got out and ran away, at which point the victim managed to free themselves and drive away.
The police have not revealed the name of the dating website.
A spokesperson for Derbyshire Police said the kidnapper was white, in their early forties and of stocky build.  They are believed to be 5ft 10ins tall, with balding hair that was short and dark brown around the sides. They had slight stubble and was wearing a white t-shirt and chequered green shorts.
They said: "If you noticed anything suspicious, or have any information about the incident, please get in touch using one of the following non-emergency contact methods.
"Please quote the reference number 18000289615 and the name of the officer in the case, DC Phil Harris, in any correspondence."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
A Samoan team comprised almost entirely of European-based players has been named to face the All Blacks at Eden Park.
Three uncapped players have been promoted by coach Alama Ieremia, including former Crusaders midfield back Kieron Fonotia into the starting team.
Fonotia, who plays for Welsh club Ospreys, is one of nine players in the starting XV who play their trade in the United Kingdom.
Another four are French-based, including the starting front row, while former Hurricanes forward Faifili Levavea plays in Japan.
The only New Zealand-based player running on is Chiefs utility back Tim Nanai-Williams, who will start on the left wing.
Experienced halfback Kahn Fotualii is captain in the absence of regular skipper David Lemi while an injury to Rey Lee-lo has handed a promotion to Fonotia, who played three seasons with the Crusaders.
Midfielder Kieron Fonotia during Samoa training session ahead of their test match against the All Blacks in Auckland. Source: Photosport
"Obviously losing the experience that both these players (Lemi and Lee-Lo) bring is crucial and David's leadership will be missed," Ieremia said.
"However, Kahn Fotualii is more than capable of stepping up to lead, and to be able to replace those players with Alapati Leiua and Fonotia is a good test of the depth we can draw in to."
An uncapped pair on the bench is former Auckland halfback Auvasa Falealii and former Melbourne Rebels prop Paul Alo-Emile, who came close to winning selection for the Wallabies two years ago.
Ieremia named eight uncapped players in their wider squad to prepare for the Test but was reluctant to introduce too many of them.
"Obviously we want to put out an experienced team and the All Blacks is not a team you experiment with," they said.
Tryscorer Kieron Fonotia celebrates the Crusaders win. Source: Photosport
"We are wanting to put on a performance that will make our nation and most importantly ourselves proud. Our performance will give us a rugby barometer as to where are at."
Samoa, who have lost all six of their previous tests against New Zealand, pushed them closest in their last meeting.
They went down 25-16 in a historic first Test against the All Blacks in Apia in 2015.
Manu Samoa: Ah See Tuala, Albert Nikoro, Kieron Fonotia, Alapati Leiua, Tim Nanai Williams, Tusiata Pisi, Kahn Fotualii (captain), Faifili Levave, Jack Lam, Piula Faasalele, Faatiga Lemalu, Chris Vui, Census Johnston, Maatulimanu Leiataua, Viliamu Afatia.
Olympian Ian “Yan-yan” Lariba is scheduled to undergo bone marrow transplant today at the Saint Luke's Hospital in Bonifacio Global City in Taguig.
Advertisements
The 22-year old Lariba, a two-time University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) Athlete of the Year, was diagnosed with leukemia during the last phase of their training for the World Championship in Germany in May.
 They are the first Filipino table tennis player to compete in the Olympics since the sport was included in the Summer Games in 1988.
Lariba's mother Mel said that the bone marrow donor is Ian's younger sister Ina.
“We're praying to God that my daughter will be finally cured. They have shown improvement since their first day in the hospital.  They are very brave and we're happy to see their courage before the transplant,” the elder Lariba told The Manila Times.
Mel explained that Ian has a Type O blood while Ina has Type A, “Yan will be having a new Type A plus blood after the transplant,” they said.
Last Monday, International Olympic Committee representative to Korea and 2004 Athens Olympics gold medalist Seung Min Ryu paid Lariba a visit.
Philippine Table Tennis Federation president Ting Ledesma said that Seung and the Korean national table tennis team donated around $10,000 for Lariba's treatment.
“Lariba and their mother are very thankful for their generosity. We are happy to see that Lariba's condition is getting better everyday,” Ledesma added. “They are also hoping that Lariba will be able to compete again.”
Parents could face fines if they stop their car close to schools when picking up or dropping off their children, if a new scheme gets the green light from the council.
Parents and carers dropping yooungsters off at school has often caused problems with nearby neighbours caught in the extra traffic.
The idea was discussed at the Luton Borough council meeting on Tuesday, January 24.
It was proposed by councillor Michael Garrett and seconded by councillor Jeff Petts, that the council introduce a similar scheme to that carried out by the London Borough of Havering to prevent drivers stopping close to schools at drop off and pick up times
The scheme was piloted by the East London town in June last year, through the use of Public Space Protection Orders introduced under the Anti Social Behaviour Crime and Policing Act 2014.
The aim of the scheme was to prevent parents stopping close to schools during drop off and pick up times and it was effective in tackling this problem because those who breached the orders were fined and those who offended more than three times or failed to pay, faced the threat of criminal prosecution.
The idea was discussed at the full council meeting and it was resolved that the Chief Executive would talk to the Director of Place and Infrastructure to establish whether the council already has powers which could be used to prosecute offenders as a last resort and to give an estimate of what resources of staff, equipment and finance would be required to deliver a successful outcome across Luton.
A spokesperson for Luton Borough Council said: “Full Council requested that a review of all school parking takes place and to look at what existing powers the Council has in place to address this matter.”
>> Do you think parents should be fined for stopping their cars close to schools when picking up or dropping off their children? Email editorial@lutonnews.co.uk.
TIMMINS -
Any country music fan or for that matter any musician can say I love traditional country or I love bro-country rock/pop music but one thing that over-rules everything is good songs.
On Cold Creek County's new EP Homemade, you have plenty of well-written songs played with excellent chops and that folks, is a good thing.
It's impossible not to like the killer harmonies on this record and honest-to-goodness solid musicianship.
Cold Creek County is known for their party feel and hybrid rock country groove with their lyrical focus about backroads, girls, drinking, trucks, and of course tailgates.
On the new EP, there is a slight change with the band now co-writing some of their material.
“We don't want to be known as a one-trick pony band,” says drummer Doug Oliver on the phone from Sony Music in Toronto.
“We have a lot of various backgrounds musically, the Lester Brothers Josh and Justin bring the bluegrass feel, Trevor MacLeod has a blues/rock feel to their lead guitar. I think our whole band including banjo player Jordan Honsinger and our new vocalist Ches Anthony and myself wanted a more mature sound.
“If I had to break it down, it would be real songs that people can relate to.”
The band's debut album Till the Wheels Come Off featured major songwriting help from Nashville's best tunesmiths such as Brad and Brett Warren, in addition to Todd Clark and Gavin Slate.
“We got a lot of great songs out of Nashville that's for sure,” said Oliver, who hails from Hastings, Ont.
“Right now, we are trying to establish our own sound with our six-part harmonies. Sure, we want to push our own songwriting but whatever the best song is for the album is what gets picked. We have a team approach including our team at Sony Music Canada,” said Oliver, who also co-produced the band's CDs.
The band actually hails from Cold Creek County which is in the Peterborough and Belleville area.
The group released its debut single Our Town in April 2015.
It was good news all the way when the track was the most added debut single by a Canadian country artist and also reached the Top 10 on Billboard Canada.
Oliver is very confident of the band's big sound which they will bring to Stars and Thunder when they headline Friday, June 30.
“Oh yes, we added Ches Anthony (a superb vocalist) on lead vocals and Jordan Honsinger's work is fantastic. These guys add a whole other layer to the band. It's very exciting. I can tell you when you have six guys singing even with just an acoustic guitar, it gives us goosebumps moments, John.”
Cold Creek County has not been to Timmins but are looking forward to giving Timmins a big show, said Oliver.
“We will be playing both albums and maybe even covering Bruno Mars. I know that sounds crazy to fans, and I'm not going to tell you which of their songs we will do so come out and party with us says Oliver.
Don't miss this show folks!
John Emms is a Timmins musician and long-time writer of the local rock music scene.
There are still three weeks left in the regular season, but so much of the Rams' 2017 campaign will come down to Sunday's game against the Seahawks. Los Angeles still holds a one-game lead over Seattle entering Week 15, but the Seahawks currently own the tiebreaker.
That means if the Seahawks win on Sunday, they'll be in first place in the NFC West with two weeks remaining, controlling their own destiny for winning the division.
Speaking of Sunday, it should come as no surprise that Seattle is the favorite in that game as of Monday. According to Vegas Insider, the Rams are one-point underdogs to the Seahawks in Week 15.
The Seahawks may not be the better team right now, particularly after losing to the Jaguars, a team the Rams beat handily, but playing in Seattle makes a huge difference. The Seahawks are extremely tough to beat at home, which is the reason for the Rams being slight underdogs in Week 15.
Granted, it doesn't help that they just lost to the Eagles, either, albeit in a very close game that was much more competitive than the final score indicated.
Sunday's game could very well decide the NFC West, especially if the Rams come away with a victory.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There looks set to be plenty of changes at The Emirates in the summer and it seems that there are already plenty of rumours doing the rounds.
Or colleagues at The Mirror have been reporting on all the latest stories surrounding the Gunners.
Bayern Munich are ready to end their interest in Alexis Sanchez over their wage demands.
The Chilean striker has been linked with Bavaria, with Arsenal refusing to sell them to a Premier League rival.
But Sanchez is demanding £22million a year and the German champions won't pay up, reports Bild.
Bavaria are now weighing up other options, including Yannick Carrasco, but there are complications given Atletico's transfer ban.
Could they stay at the Emirates?
Bellerin
Barcelona midfielder Denis Suarez reveals Hector Bellerin is torn over a move to the Spanish giants and cannot make a decision on whether they want to leave Arsenal.
Bellerin continues to be linked with a big money move back to their boyhood club and the chance to get their career back on track following a frustrating campaign which saw them miss a large part of the season through injury.
Barcelona have been looking to bring in a new right back after failing to find a suitable replacement for Dani Alves who left the club to join Juventus last summer.
Suarez, speaking on Catalunya Radio, said: "I have spoken with him, and on the one hand he's keen to come and on the other they feel tied to Arsenal - I hope they can come."
READ MORE HERE.
Lacazette
Arsenal have suffered a setback in their pursuit of Lyon striker Alexandre Lacazette.
The French striker is on Arsene Wenger's wishlist as they look to strengthen their squad this summer after finishing fifth last term.
The Gunners have been told they will have to pay £60million for Lacazette, who scored 28 goals in Ligue 1 last term.
And Lyon president Jean-Michel Aulas has now claimed they would rather see the striker join rivals PSG than move to England.
"I am a business person and a modern club president. Transfer money must be reinvested into French football, as I always did when we were at the peak of our powers," Aulas told France Football.
Government considering independent animal commissioner after recent footage of mistreatment
The Green Party is also asking if CCTV surveillance on farms and slaughterhouses should be considered.
Sussex voters are set to head to the polls in June as Prime Minister Theresa May has announced a snap general election.
The Conservatives under David Cameron won a narrow majority in the House of Commons back in 2015, with the SNP making massive gains in Scotland, while the Lib Dems losing all but eight of their MPs.
In Sussex the Tories comfortably held on to all their seats, apart from Hove, snatching both Lewes and Eastbourne from the Liberal Democrats.
Caroline Lucas is the only Green MP, having represented Brighton Pavilion since 2010, while Labour's Peter Kyle represents Hove.
More to follow.
What do you think? Comment below or email the newsdesk.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
Outdoor active cabinets are also known as street cabinets. They are specifically designed enclosures which protect telecommunications equipment that is exposed to the elements.
Contact
Raycap
***@focusinternetservices.com Raycap
End
-- The telecom industry is one that is forced to position expensive and sensitive equipment in exposed areas. In order for connectivity of customers to remain not only intact but without coverage gaps, this equipment must be placed in areas where it is susceptible to potential damage 24 hours a day. Repair and replacement costs for this machinery is one of the most significant line items effecting the bottom lines of telecom companies, and as a result a significant amount of effort is put into the protection of these components. Damage has the ability to come from many sources ranging from lightning strikes to rodents, and smart companies will utilize all methods of protection at their disposal to keep their equipment intact and their customers online.Widely known for their industrial grade surge protection devices, Raycap also manufactures and configures less technologically advanced protection items including outdoor active cabinets, also known as "street cabinets." These are enclosures specifically designed to house sensetive equipment while protecting it from the elements. These cabinets are constructed of a durable aluminum which will not conduct the electrical surge of a lightning strike, and will also protect against rodent infestation and moisture breaches. This is accomplished through sophisticated sealers that protect areas of weakness that are typically targeted by rodents seeking nesting areas. In addition, plastics are used to assist in mounting and heat transfers between the inside and outside of the cabinets. Raycap's street cabinets provide the ultimate protection for telecom equipment available.For more information about street cabinets and their protection aspects, visit Raycap at http://www.raycap.com/ street-cabinets- raycap/
All Blacks and Blues forward Steven Luatua believes New Zealand Rugby were aware that they were pondering offers from overseas well before yesterday's announcement that they will join Bristol later this year.
All Blacks coach Steve Hansen yesterday expressed their disappointment, claiming the governing body wasn't "able to engage in the process" of negotiation to keep Luatua in New Zealand due to "a lack of communication."
Luatua's agent hasn't responded to calls from 1 NEWS while the 25-year-old admits it's "unfortunate" that things have turned out this way.
"I respect all of the comments," Luatua said. "I have a huge respect for what they do up there. As far as I'm aware that NZRU (New Zealand Rugby) were aware of my contracts (offers) - every one that was on the table.
"I got to make an informed decision on all of the offers on that were on the board.
"Whether or not that got to the 'higher-ups' I'm not too sure, but with the information I had, that's the decision I made."
Although many have questioned the timing of the move, Luatua says the opportunity to set their family up financially was too hard to pass up.
Providing for their young daugher was also a major factor.
"I look at the opportunities we grew up with and I thank my parents - they've been huge for us. They provided when they could and put food on the table but for my daugher and even my sister's kids, I'm looking forward to in the future when they want opportunities to pursue certain things, they can now," they told 1 News today.
Luatua has signed a two-year deal with Bristol and will join former Blues coach Pat Lam at the club at the end of the Super Rugby season.
"I'm just grateful to be part of the Blues and New Zealand Rugby for the last couple of years," Luatua said.
"I've got one last stint with the Blues so hopefully we can finish off with a bang but looking forward to seeing what happens in Bristol.
"For me I think it was a good fit, a good opportunity. As rugby players we tend to look overseas and I think it's a great club, a great city. I'm fortunate that one of my former coaches are there - something that I trust.
Sodium cumenesulfonate is a hydrotope compound, which consists of a hydrophilic part and a hydrophobic part, similar to surfactants. These compounds can get dissolved in water. They are available in powder as well as liquid form. There are several advantages of sodium cumenesulfonate. It increases the solubility for less soluble organic matter; lowers the cloud point of aqueous formulated products, effectively promotes the compatibility of various ingredients present in a multicomponent system, and moderates the viscosity of aqueous formulated products. Sodium cumenesulfonate is used as a solubilizer and cloud point depressor in wax cleaners, air mist drilling, laundry washing, drilling fluids, stimulation fluids, anti-caking agents, and coupling agents in powdered detergents.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sodium-cumenesulfonate-market.html
Sodium cumenesulfonate is also used in metal processing applications, oilfield applications, and hydrogen sulfide scavangers. Cost of sodium cumenesulfonate highly depends on the cost of raw materials. Volatilty in raw material prices is likely to hamper the sodium cumenesulfonate market in the near future. Heavy exposure to sodium cumenesulfonate may cause serious irritation of eyes, irritation of respiratory tract if inhaled, and other health hazards. Increasing industrialization and use of household detergents in emerging economies are factors likely to drive the demand for sodium cumenesulfonate during the forecast period.
Based on form, the global sodium cumenesulfonate market has been classified into powder form and liquid form. However, decline in research and development activities related to sodium cumenesulfonate is likely to hamper the market during the forecast period. The liquid form segment contributed a major share of the market in 2015 and is likely to dominate the market during the forecast period.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20900
Based on application, the global sodium cumenesulfonate market has been segmented into industrial & institutional, household, oilfield, laundry & cleaning, and others. Use of sodium cumenesulfonate as a detergent and cleaner for household application is growing. The household segment contributed a major share of the market in 2015 and is likely to be a dominant segment during the forecast period. Industrial and institutional is another lucrative segment of the market. It is anticipated to witness moderate growth during the forecast period. Growing population leads to rapid increase in industrialization.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
TIMMINS -
A new initiative would make it easier for new farmers to access land, and for landowners to make their property available.
That's according to Antoine Vézina, chairperson of the Northeast Community Network. A week ago, the NeCN submitted an application for just over $100,000 to the Rural Economic Development program for an agricultural land assembly project.
“The NeCN wants to develop a standardized communication approach to be able to survey, question the landowners that have been identified to own suitable agricultural land to understand, are they open to selling their land, are they open to leasing their land,” said Vézina.
“It's trying to motivate those landowners that are sitting on suitable agricultural parcels and not doing anything with them...in hopes that new farms, new agri-food businesses will move here or will start fresh in the Northeast.”
It starts with using GIS (geographic information system) to make a list of potential suitable lands. Then, criteria like soil health, proximity to roads and infrastructure would help narrow down that list.
There's big demand for the results of this project, said Vézina, who expects it to take about a year.
“We are getting tremendous amounts of calls and inquiries from investors, from farmers in Southern Ontario, in Western Canada, and in other parts of North America, and in Europe as well,” they said.
“It's amazing. You wouldn't believe the amount of inquiries we get. They're all asking, where is the land? We don't have the tools to be able to share that information appropriately with them.”
The NeCN chairperson said that the United Nations is projecting major gaps in food production as the population grows.
“It's all answering to that need,” they said.
“Again, there are tremendous opportunities, there's a lot of available, abandoned lands as well, old agricultural lands that have been abandoned over the years in our area. It's to try to take advantage of those parcels and to try to take them back up to production for the region's benefit as a whole.”
There are still a few details to be worked out – and a grant to be approved.
“The marketing and promotion of that (land) database, we're not sure exactly how that will unfold, but it could for example be utilizing NOFIA, which is the Northern Ontario Farm Innovation Alliance out of New Liskeard,” they said. “They have, on their website, a real estate database, so we could utilize that to promote and share that information more broadly.
“Lastly, there will be an awareness and capacity building component, where we will mobilize some OMAFRA (Ontario Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs) experts to teach municipal representatives, as well as landowners, about the different aspects, incentives or advantages to selling agricultural land, to buying agricultural land, or even different land tenure options.
“I guarantee that a lot of landowners are probably not aware of all the options available to them.”
Vézina said that the entire region is going to be a part of the project, with no individual communities left out.
They spoke at a Friday meeting of the Northeastern Ontario Municipal Association, held in Timmins. Garry Edwards, mayor of Black River-Matheson, said their council recently voted to do a land study of its own.
“Are we being redundant now, or would our work complement what you're doing,” asked Edwards.
Vézina said Edwards and council would be best to work with the NeCN on the project.
“I think there would be benefits to your community to work with the NeCN and work regionally on this initiative,” they said.
They said the NeCN is building on the approach of Cochrane and other communities along Highway 11.
“They've undergone the first step to a land assembly project, but we want to bring it one step further,” they said.
The end goal is “to motivate those landowners that are sitting on suitable agricultural parcels and not doing anything with them.”
WASHINGTON (AP) " Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will testify before a House panel as momentum builds on Capitol Hill for a package of new Russia sanctions aimed at punishing Moscow for meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
Tillerson is scheduled to appear Wednesday before the Foreign Affairs Committee, just hours ahead of a vote in the Senate on the sanctions. Tillerson has warned lawmakers the U.S. relationship with Russia is at an all-time low and deteriorating further. And he's also cautioned against taking steps that might close off promising avenues of communication between the two former Cold War foes.
Tillerson was noncommittal about a package of new Russia sanctions during testimony Tuesday before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. They said he's still reviewing the proposed penalties that Senate Republicans and Democrats agreed upon after lengthy negotiations. But it's important, they stressed, that President Donald Trump have the flexibility "to turn the heat up" on Russia if necessary.
At the same time, they also said they don't want to preemptively shut down a potentially productive conversation. As an example, Tillerson said talks with Moscow on stabilizing war-ravaged Syria are progressing, but it's too early to tell if the discussions will bear fruit. Imposing more sanctions could lead the Russians to curtail the dialogue, they said.
Advertisement
Top lawmakers on two Senate committees " Banking and Foreign Relations " announced the sanctions deal late Monday amid the firestorm over Russia's meddling in the presidential election and investigations into Moscow's possible collusion with members of President Donald Trump's campaign.
The plan calls for strengthening current sanctions and imposing new ones on corrupt Russian actors, those involved in human rights abuses and those supplying weapons to the government of Syrian President Bashar Assad. The package also would require a congressional review if a president attempts to ease or end current penalties. And, penalties would be slapped on those responsible for malicious cyber activity on behalf of the Russian government.
If the Trump administration decides to oppose the new sanctions, they could be in a bind. The package is to be added to a bill imposing penalties on Iran that the Senate is currently debating. So the White House would have to reject stricter punishments against Iran, which it favors, in order to derail the parts of the legislation it objects to.
"The amendment to the underlying Iran sanctions bill maintains and substantially expands sanctions against the government of Russia in response to the violation of the territorial integrity of the Ukraine and Crimea, its brazen cyberattacks and interference in elections, and its continuing aggression in Syria," said Republicans and Democrats on the committees.
A vote on the Russia sanctions is scheduled for Wednesday, and the measure is expected to get strong bipartisan support. The legislation was worked out by Sens. Mike Crapo, R-Idaho, and Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, of the Banking Committee, and Sens. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., and Ben Cardin, D-Md., of the Foreign Relations panel.
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H., also participated in the negotiations and pushed for provisions that bar punished individuals from using family members to get around the sanctions.
"This amendment also takes appropriate steps to ensure that current sanctions cannot be unilaterally unwound by this administration," Shaheen said.
The legislation also allows new penalties on key elements of the Russia economy, including mining, metals, shipping and railways.
House and Senate committees are investigating Russia's meddling and potential links to the Trump campaign. Special Counsel Robert Mueller is conducting a separate probe.
Then-President Barack Obama in late December ordered sanctions on Russian spy agencies, closed two Russian compounds and expelled 35 diplomats the U.S. said were really spies. Those penalties were on top of existing U.S. sanctions over Russia's actions in Ukraine, which have damaged Russia's economy but had only limited impact on President Vladimir Putin's behavior.
___
Contact Richard Lardner on Twitter: http://twitter.com/rplardner
NEW YORK (AP) — AVOIDING LAST-MINUTE TAX MISTAKES
Business owners can find it a tall order to complete their tax returns while also running their companies. When an owner is distracted, or not paying close attention to IRS rules, that's when mistakes happen. Some of the common ones to avoid:
—If you're a freelancer or independent contractor, make sure you have all the 1099 forms you need from people or companies you've worked for. If you file your return and you're missing any of your 1099s, you'll be hearing from the IRS. The government cross-checks the 1099 copies it gets with the amount of income you report, and if there's a discrepancy, the IRS will want to know why.
—If your business is a partnership, be sure the income and deductions reported to the IRS on your firm's Schedule K-1, Partner's Share of Income, Deductions, Credits, etc., matches what you report on your Form 1040. If you find an error on the K-1, make sure the form is corrected before you file your return.
Advertisement
—If you're deducting the cost of business meals and entertainment, you can claim only half the amount you spent.
—If you want to take a deduction for a home office, you must have been using the office exclusively and regularly as your principal place of business. If the office is a desk in the corner of your family room, it's not likely to pass muster with the IRS.
—If you drive your car for business and personal use, make sure you get as big a deduction as the law allows. The IRS gives you two choices; the first is a standard deduction of 53.5 cents per mile the car was driven for business. The second alternative is a portion of expenses like gas, insurance, lease payments and maintenance that is prorated to the amount the car was used for business. You should calculate your costs using both methods to be sure you get the biggest deduction allowable.
STARTING A BUSINESS ON A TIGHT BUDGET
Many people who want to start a company say they can't, because they don't have enough startup funds. SCORE, the organization that gives free counseling to small businesses, is sponsoring an online seminar on how to launch a company on a tight budget. It will be held Tuesday, March 27, at 1 p.m. Eastern time. You can learn more and register at http://bit.ly/2pr3H5p .
_____
Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Them work can be found here: https://apnews.com/search/joyce%20rosenberg
Octavia Spencer always has a special gift in store when certain movies come out. According to Huffington Post, the actor announced that they were going to buy out a screening of the Marvel film “Black Panther” in an underserved community in Mississippi. Spencer believes that certain communities are overlooked and they want them to have the opportunity to see it.
Follow @TheRSMS
On Instagram they said, “I will be in [Mississippi] when this movie opens. I think I will buy out a theatre in an underserved community there to ensure that all our brown children can see themselves as a superhero. I will let you know where and when Mississippi. Stay tuned.”
Last year for their film “Hidden Figures” they bought out a screening of it in Los Angeles. They said, “My mom would not have been able to afford to take me and my siblings. If you know a family in need that would like to see our movie but can't afford it have them come.” “Black Panther” comes out on February 16th and we can't wait to see it.
RELATED: Octavia Spencer Paid More After Talking To Jessica Chastain About What Black Actresses Really Make [VIDEO]
RELATED: Octavia Spencer & LeBron James Team Up For Madam C.J. Walker TV Series
RELATED: Octavia Spencer On “Hidden Figures” Co-Star Taraji P. Henson: “Glad To Be Your Wing Woman”
The Latest:
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Football fans celebrating England's nail-biting clash with Colombia were caught on camera recklessly hurling themselves off a bridge into a Dudley canal.
Tuesday night's rollercoaster match sent many fans into meltdown - with millions across the country exploding in rapturous celebrations when England finally secured a win after a dramatic penalty shoot-out.
Delighted supporters packed out pubs and bars to watch Eric Dier slot home the winning spot kick, taking Gareth Southgate's squad through to the final eight of the World Cup.
But one group of ecstatic Black Country fans took their celebrations a step further - dangerously throwing themselves 15 feet from a bridge into Dudley Canal.
The supporters are thought to have spilled out from the nearby Brierley Hop House pub, near Merry Hill, where it is understood they watched the match.
Other fans can be seen at the side of the canal, cheering the jumpers on as they dangerously dive headfirst into the water.
One man races to the top of a bridge, before climbing railings and throwing themselves into the murky canal as the crowd cheers.
The mobile phone footage was posted on Facebook shortly after the dramatic match, where it has since been watched more than 77,000 times.
The video was also shared by the Level Street pub, who wrote: "Only outside the Hop House would this happen. Thanks for coming everyone."
But the fans' actions were slammed by some on social media.
One man wrote: "Last time someone dived off that bridge they hit the bottom and split their head open. Nearly died. Fair play to them but I can think of better ways to celebrate."
And another said: "All for celebrating but bloody hell - they are either very brave or very stupid."
A spokesperson for the Canal and River Trust has warned of the 'hidden dangers' within the water and optimistically urged people to 'find a different way to celebrate' England's tournament win.
The spokesperson said: "After the tension of the England game it's no wonder people wanted to let off a bit of steam, but we really wouldn't recommend celebrating with a dip in your local canal.
"There are hidden dangers within the water that could have turned a really good night into one that their family and friends would remember for all the wrong reasons.
"Our advice is to please stay out of the water this summer and we really hope that people choose a different way to celebrate when England goes on to win the tournament."
Summer is one of the most popular times for people to visit canals and rivers in the West Midlands - between April 2017 and March 2018 there were more than 80 million visits made by boaters, cyclists, runners, walkers and canoeists to the region's waterways.
But figures reveal of the 400 people who drown in the UK every year, more than half the fatalities happen at inland waters such as canals, rivers, lakes, quarries and reservoirs.
Debbie Lumb, national health and safety advisor at the Canal and River Trust said: "Spending time on or by your local canal or river is a lovely way to spend a summer's day and they are excellent places for families to explore during the holidays.
"But it is also important that people, especially children and teenagers, are aware of the dangers of cooling-off by going for a dip. The consequences can be devastating.
"Inland waterways, like canals, rivers and reservoirs, can look really inviting but you can't tell what is below the surface. The water is often murky and you won't be able to see the depth or any obstacles in the water. We are asking for people to find another way to cool off this summer - have an ice cream, stay in the shade, go for a swim in your local pool.
"Please don't get in the water, it's just not worth it."
You have to admire the Fujifilm, launching an analogue camera in a digital world, ploughing its own path, one instant photo at a time.
The Instax Square SQ6 is the kind of camera we rejected because the digital cameras we were getting were newer, shinier, more high tech and far more convenient. Remember the days when Polaroids were the only way you could get an instant photograph? By 2008, the company had filed for bankruptcy a second time and a new campaign to save the technology was under way.
Ten years on and, kind of like vinyl, instant film cameras have had a bit of a comeback. Fujifilm Instax is not Polaroid. But it's a similar technology. You snap the photograph, it pops out of the camera, and you wait for the photograph to appear on the paper. It's not exactly instant, but “takes a couple of minutes to develop” film doesn't have quite the same ring to it.
The Instax cameras have been around for a couple of years, joined by photo printers, and use two different types of film – the original Instax Mini and the square format.
The SQ6 uses the square film. The advantages are obvious: more space means you line up shots more easily; and you don't get to decide between landscape or portrait when capturing your images.
The SQ6 is the new kid on the block. It's not the most subtle of cameras – bigger film means bigger camera body – so it's not one you can slip into your pocket and go. But it certainly proves a talking point. The version of the camera tested here is the blush gold one, and it is definitely eye catching. On the occasions I used it in public, people wanted to know what it was I was using.
When it comes to ease of use, this camera has it nailed. The film comes in a cartridge that you simply pop in the back. Like old-school film, once you've done this, don't open the back again or you'll expose the film.
Shooting with it is a breeze too. There aren't any fancy electronic viewfinders or LCD panels, but there's an automatic function that picks out the best settings for your shooting conditions, adjusting the shutter speed and flash.
My three year old is obsessed with photographs, from selfies on my phone to watching what they refer to as “magic pictures” developing right before their eyes.
Even they managed to get the hang of this camera, although it was a little on the large side for them
There is a selfie mode, with a mirror that helps you line up the shot, located on the camera lens. Your selfie game has to be on point though; there are no second chances with this camera, unless you're feeling flush and have invested in a lot of film.
If you are feeling creative, there is a double exposure mode that will overlap two pictures on the same film. My experiences with this were mixed, but it was more to do with a lack of skill and poor picture framing than any fault on the camera's part. Digital photography has made me a little lazy; knowing I can always reshoot or edit the final image means I don't have to take as much care lining up shots.
There's a landscape mode and a macro one too, and you can change up the look of your shots with one of the three coloured filters included in the box for the flash.
The good:
Fun, easy to use and you get your photos in a few minutes. No longer are your photos marooned on your cloud storage, never to be looked at again. Plus it makes you hone your skills, as you have limited film and burst shots aren't a possibility.
The not so good:
In a world where we are used to digital images, the idea that you now have to ration your pictures because it will cost you a small fortune in film will be a bit of a mindshift. On the positive side, you won't force your entire friends list on Facebook to look at 30 pictures of the same scene, each from a marginally different angle. Plus if you are in any way concerned about waste, there's a lot to deal with here – the plastic cartridges, the wrapping.
The rest:
The different modes can be changed with a button on the back, and a small light shows you which mode you are using.
The verdict:
Overall, it's a fun camera that is easy to pick up and use, regardless of your level of ability. But if you want to get a bit creative, you'll have to work at it a bit.
Despite my teenage children accusing me of looking like a small-time drug dealer, life with my new, old-looking Nokia has been one of serene calm.
It's a month since I binned my incessantly needy smartphone on January 1st. It is much less difficult than I imagined and the result has been a revelation. Try it and your days will seem longer, books are more appealing, you'll be far less distracted, more patient and less irritable.
An unexpected aspect of being free of the smartphone is that other people's small talk is more interesting. Because you don't know what's going on in the world on a minute-by-minute basis, you are constantly surprised by the chat of people that you bump into and even old friends.
When a person excitedly enquires, “Did you hear what yer man said today on Twitter?” you are all ears because you have no idea what Donald Trump tweeted a minute ago about “shitholes” or immigrants or the American Dream. You don't know because the little thing in your pocket hasn't beeped to update you on the latest presidential outrage.
Quickly, you realise that you don't care what Trump tweeted this morning, that you're not fazed by the latest twist in the Brexit saga, that your life is not enhanced by knowing that Taylor Swift Croke Park tickets sold out or that Manchester City spent £100 million on some French teenage soccer sensation.
Your mind is cleared of lots of clutter.
Daily life without constant emails, Twitter feeds, Facebook updates and Instagram photos is a blessed relief. It feels like you are back in control of your own time and not constantly being tugged by some inanimate force at all times of day and night.
Back in time
Giving up the smartphone is not for everyone, and there are obviously degrees of addiction. Maybe it's an age thing, but for someone who led most of their adult life without being compulsively interrupted by an algorithm, it has been surprisingly easy to step back in time.
For the generation described as “digital natives”, it may be more difficult, but for those of us who remember exactly where they were when Dave O'Leary sent the Romanian keeper the wrong way, binning the latest device is no big deal.
I'm not on a total detox: I check emails, Twitter and Facebook on my laptop once or twice a day, usually late in the evening, but not being available to everyone all the time is beginning to feel like freedom.
And I'm not evangelical about it. Last week I was travelling and wanted to be on WhatsApp rather than paying extortionate fees to phone companies, so I swapped phones but made sure to delete all social media and Gmail apps from my smartphone.
Like others, I have given up the smartphone in order to work smarter. It's a device that has made me not smart but less focused, less productive and less creative.
And, as I work for myself, the expression “time is money” is relentlessly true. If I am giving my time to my smartphone, where's the money going? To some lad in Silicon Valley whose networks are made more valuable by my time, yet I'm doing all the giving, and they and their shareholders are doing all the taking.
As more people work in the “gig economy”, the smartphone dilemma becomes more acute.
Once we appreciate that everything that is creatively interesting or good is difficult and rarely comes easily, then we understand the need for focus, hard work and application. Focus tends to come from clearing our minds of distractions and applying our brains uninterrupted to finding out something new, fixing something or making connections we never saw before.
Therefore, we all need to use our time wisely, delineating unforgivingly between the frivolous and the necessary.
This brings me to the more general issue of “attention economy” itself and its unpleasant brother the “distracted economy”.
Wealth-creating cycles
Historically, the economy has operated in great wealth-creating cycles or ages. The first great age was the agricultural age, when land was the source of wealth. This bred feudalism, the landed gentry and peasantry.
Next came the industrial age, when the main source of wealth was industrial capital, breeding the great worker-versus-capitalist divisions of the 19th and 20th centuries.
Then came the “knowledge economy” of the late 20th century, where ownership of knowledge or know-how (and locking it in via significant scientific investment and patent protection) generated vast wealth.
Now we are in what is termed the “sharing economy”, where knowledge is disseminated and the network – not the stored knowledge – becomes crucial. Once you have the network, you can sell to it and bypass traditional market structure. This is the Amazon, Google, Facebook and Twitter business model – a global process of eliminating the middleman, who used to mediate and take a cut between buyers/customers and sellers/producers.
A key element of the sharing economy is the “attention economy”. Without grabbing our attention, the shared economy can't work. In the attention economy, all products compete for our attention, not unlike the way great pop songs did in the past.
We are all vulnerable to the attention economy and its main transmission mechanism, the smartphone. By having our smartphone always on, we give this economy permission to operate.
The flip side of the “attention economy” is the “distracted economy”. Once we allow our attention to be grabbed, we allow ourselves to be distracted. And once we are distracted, we can't focus or deliver excellent work in an economy that demands quality – whether we are working inside a competitive company or on your own in the market.
This is the crux of the smartphone dilemma, and it's not hard to see that the smartphone, by driving us to distraction, could easily end up being the dumbphone.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Nuno Espirito Santo insists their table-topping side will not relent until they wrap up promotion.
The boss stressed that hard work is the only way to achieve this season's aims and praised their side for digging deep.
The league leaders cruised past Sheffield United thanks to goals from Ruben Neves, Diogo Jota and Ivan Cavaleiro.
And Nuno said:
“Working hard is the philosophy from day one.
“Nothing will change until the end.
“We prepare, we work, the same way, over and over again because this is what we want.
“We want to build something.
“Nobody is going to relax on that.”
Nuno insisted that neither themselves nor their team were flustered by the results earlier in the day as Derby County, Aston Villa and Cardiff City all recorded wins to close the gap at the top of the table.
“QPR (next week) is now the only focus of the team now
“Am I the only one speaking like this?
“Look at the players (points to the field where the subs are warming down).
“They are working hard and it's after the game.
“Sunday we will rest and then we will work hard again on Monday.
“We still have a long way to go.”
They did reserve praise for the performance, though, and admitted they enjoyed the stunning opening two goals, the latter drawing a wild celebration on the sidelines.
“When a goal goes in of course I'm happy, I'm the happiest man in the stadium.
“It was a good performance in all aspects of the game.
“With and without the ball it was a good display.
“Of course, this is what we want, to enjoy ourselves.
“It was a full house and everyone should be proud.
“We work for the fans.”
Afobe watch
Benik Afobe's late introduction at Molienux drew the loudest cheer of the afternoon on a night where Wolves cruised to a 3-0 victory over Sheffield United.
The 24-year-old was introduced on the 77th-minute for Ivan Cavaleiro who had just bagged the third goal of the evening.
Afobe was welcomed onto the pitch by a standing ovation and chants of: ‘Benik Afobe's back home' from the South Bank who sang their name throughout the encounter.
It was almost a dream return for the forward who bagged 23 goals in 44 appearances for Wolves in their first spell at the club.
They latched onto a through ball but shot wide from close range. Luckily for them they were offside.
A second chance came soon after as Wolves caused the ten-men Blades all sorts of problems late on after Simon Moore's dismissal on 76 minutes.
This time Matt Doherty crossed for Afobe who rose high but planted their header inches wide.
The on-loan Bournemouth man looked to be enjoying their time on the pitch and was desperate to get among the goals.
They found time to applaud the home fans as they chanted their name, though, and was the last player to leave the pitch on the final whistle as they were serenaded by their adoring fans.
Report
Wolves wiped the floor with Sheffield United to take another step closer towards promotion back to the Premier League.
Goals from Ruben Neves, Diogo Jota and Ivan Cavaleiro set up a 3-0 win at Molineux to extend their lead at the top to 11 points.
This was no routine victory, though. Wolves really turned on the style.
And talk about getting revenge on the Blades who inflicted a rare defeat on the table-toppers in the reverse fixture earlier this season.
A cheeky nutmeg from Cavaleiro got it all going with less than a minute on the clock.
But it was Neves' curling 25-yard opener that really raised the roof early on.
By the half-hour mark Nuno Espirito Santo's men were home and dry.
A progressive move upfield saw Jota play a delightful one-two with Cavaleiro before firing past Simon Moore.
In many ways the best was still to come as Wolves tore into their wounded opponents with every attack.
The way they dominated the game against a team that looked jaded following the last-minute defeat to Aston Villa in midweek was impressive.
On 76 minutes a long-ball up-field from Neves set Jota free but goalkeeper Simon Moore clattered into them outside the area and was red-carded.
From the resultint set-piece, Cavaleiro stepped up to fire the free-kick home, via a deflection off the wall.
New signing Benik Afobe then replaced the goalscorer and had two chances of their own, the latter a header that flew just inches wide.
And while it wasn't a fairytale return for the 24-year-old, it was a vintage display from the team who now have just 16 games of the season remaining before an inevitable promotion party begins.
PLAYER RATINGS
STARTING FORMATION
(3-4-3)
RUDDY, 6
Didn't have a notable save to make but still commanded their area well and was solid on deliveries intonthe box.
BENNETT, 6.5
Covered their team-mates in times of need and made important blocks and interceptions. Had a little tussle with Clarke in the second half and didn't do too much wrong elsewhere.
COADY, 7
Kept the forwards quiet and generally led by example. Tried a few ambitious passes forward that went astray but they can be forgiven. Made amends for their sending-off at Bramall Lane.
BOLY, 7.5
Cleared up any danger they had to deal with. Looked in control throughout. Also had two decent opportunities with headed efforts from corners.
DOHERTY, 7
Joined in with the attacks and gave Wolves a deadly weapon down the right. Stuck to their defensive tasks when they had to
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
N'DIAYE, 7
Marshalled the midfield and got stuck in when they needed to. Powerful and purposeful, they used their fresh legs to wear down the Blades midfield who looked jaded from the midweek fixture.
NEVES, 8.5
Bagged their third goal of the season in stunning style. Also worked hard in defence. Blocked a shot that set up a quick-fire attack and kept the ball moving quickly. Needs to be playing at the highest-level.
DOUGLAS, 7
A dynamic display from the Scot who got forward and joined in with the attacks. Wasted a free-kick by firing into the wall, Was solid defensively, though.
COSTA, 8
Looked back to their best with an accomplished performance up top. Volleyed wide early on, showed good skill and used their pace to cause problems. A threat throughout. Subbed.
CAVALEIRO, 9
Up for it from the off. Cheeky nutmeg got it going then they worked hard throughout. Sublime one-two with Jota for the second goal and never stopped running. Got what they deserved with a goal from a late free-kick.
JOTA, 8
The little magician scored to top off a terrific display. The Blades backline couldn't handle their pace or strength. You just knew they would create an opportunity every time they got forward. Fouled by goalkeeper, Moore, who was sent off for the challenge.
SUBSTITUTES:
BONATINI (for Costa, 65), 7 - Fired wide from close-range with their first touch and looked a threat.
AFOBE (for Cavaleiro, 77), 7 - Given an incredible reception from the home fans. Shot wide and was offside before planting a headed effort inches wide.
GIBBS-WHITE (for Jota, 80), 7 - Showed some nice touches late on as Wolves kept up the pressure
NOT USED:
Norris, Batth, Hause, Gibbs-White, Enobakhare, Afobe.
OPPOSITION
Sheffield United (3-5-2) - Moore, O'Connell, Stearman, Basham (Leonard. 70) Baldock, Fleck, Holmes (Donaldson, 70) Evans, Stevens, Clarke, Wilson (Eastwood, 75) Subs: Lafferty, Lundstram. Duffy, Sharp.
GOALS
Neves (5), Jota (29) - WOLVES
REFEREE:
Darren Bond
ATTENDANCE
29,311
WHO'S NEXT?
QPR (home) Saturday, 3pm)
Celebration of Cultures Faire continues series of community events.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Northbrook
• Ymca
• Diversity Industry:
• Non-profit Location:
• Northbrook - Illinois - US
Contact
Creative Marketing Associates, Inc.
***@cmacreative.com Creative Marketing Associates, Inc.
End
-- Plans are well underway for the annual Celebration of Cultures Faire on April 23, an afternoon of live performances, delicious food, and artistic expression that reflect the diverse cultural traditions found in the northern suburbs. The free event, which is expected to draw hundreds of guests, will be another accomplishment in a longstanding partnership between the North Suburban YMCA and Northbrook Community Relations Commission (CRC) to promote conversation, understanding, and appreciation between diverse populations in the broader community."Over the years, we've discovered a joint sense of purpose between the Y and the CRC," reflects Howard Schultz, NSYMCA President and CEO. "We share a mission to build stronger communities, and the wide range of events we've presented have connected people in positive, engaging ways."The working relationship between the Y and CRC goes back to 2012, when the CRC was looking for a new venue to hold an event for Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month. The Y was an appealing option, not just because of the large available space in its gym but also the support of staff members specializing in art, dance, and community outreach.Conversations with the Y evolved into a highly popular Taste of Asia festival, which was repeated each May through 2015. Guests flooded into the Y to enjoy traditional dance performances, specialty cuisine, art demonstrations, and unique items from vendors.The success of Taste of Asia opened the door to other opportunities for collaboration between the CRC and the Y. Beginning in 2013, these included special events for African American History Month, shining a spotlight on the experience of African Americans living in the Northern Chicago suburbs and presenting a panel of guest speakers. 2014 saw a large attendance for "Journeys: Paths Taken to Chicago and the North Suburbs," which featured a variety of speakers sharing inspiring stories of how they overcame discrimination to find success in their personal and professional lives.In 2015, young Little League World Series players from the Jackie Robinson West team were welcomed by an overflow crowd for a presentation on the legacy of Jackie Robinson on baseball and society, complete with a hot dog lunch, videos, and interactive participation with the JRW All-Stars.In 2016, the CRC made the decision to celebrate Northbrook's ethnic heritage by combined efforts to showcase the community's diversity. The result was the first Celebration of Cultures Faire, again held at the Y, which presented a truly global experience showcasing cultural presentations and food from 14 different countries, reflecting the cultural breadth and depth of Northbrook and the rest of Northern Chicago suburbs.For 2017, the CRC has grown the Celebration of Cultures by adding a new partner in the Northbrook Public Library, which is presenting an international film festival as part of the celebration. The NSYMCA'S Community Gallery will also include a photographic display of "Immigrant Stories," personal immigration narratives from local families which will turn into a permanent exhibit at the Northbrook Historical Society."The Northbrook Community Relations Commission strives to foster understanding, mutual respect, cooperation, and positive relations among all residents of Northbrook,"comments CRC board member Dr. Rochelle Singer. "It has been the CRC's honor to sponsor events each year that provide the opportunity for residents and members of other communities to come together and learn about each other's cultural backgrounds and interact in a setting of camaraderie. It has been a pleasure to hold these events at the NSYMCA, an entity whose mission is parallel to that of the CRC. The partnership with Howard Schultz and their staff has been invaluable and has resulted in positive interactions among the village, local businesses, Northbrook residents, and the members of the surrounding communities. We look forward to continuing to fulfill our mission with the 2017 Celebration of Cultures Faire and film festival.""We are so excited by the evolution of our partnership with the CRC, and by the prospects for future projects," notes Schultz. "Every day at the Y, we experience the diversity of languages and customs that exist in our community. These special events give us a deeper understanding of the rich traditions of our neighbors and build bridges to connect us all."The 2017 Celebration of Cultures Faire will be held at the North Suburban YMCA, 2705 Techny Road in Northbrook, on April 23 from 2:00 to 4:00pm. The event is open to the public and free of charge. For more event information, contact Erik Jensen at the Village of Northbrook, erik.jensen@northbrook.il.us.The North Suburban YMCA serves 15 northern suburbs of Chicago, and for over 48 years has provided programs and services that address youth development, healthy living, and social responsibility every day. Working together for good is who we are: An association of people united in a common effort to help individuals become healthier, more connected, and confident. There is no other nonprofit quite like the Y: We have the national and local presence and partnerships to not just promise, but deliver, positive change, making sure that everyone, regardless of age, income or background has the opportunity to learn, grow and thrive. For more information, visit http://nsymca.org
RAMALLAH, Palestenian Territories: Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas labelled the US ambassador to Israel David Friedman a “son of a dog” on Monday during an attack on Donald Trump's policies.
The scathing comments come with US President Trump still expected to launch a plan for peace between Israel and the Palestinians despite Abbas boycotting their administration over their controversial recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
“The US ambassador in Tel Aviv is a settler and a son of a dog,” Abbas said in comments to Palestinian leaders in Ramallah.
The White House later Monday slammed Abbas's “insults”, saying they must choose between hate and peace.
“The time has come for President Abbas to choose between hateful rhetoric and concrete and practical efforts to improve the quality of life of their people and lead them to peace and prosperity,” top Trump aide Jason Greenblatt said in a terse statement
Relations between Abbas's government and Trump's administration have broken down since the White House recognised Jerusalem as Israel's capital in December.
The Palestinians also see the disputed city as the capital of their future state and have refused to meet with Trump's envoys since.
Friedman, who was Trump's personal lawyer before being appointed last year, is a longstanding supporter of settlement building in the occupied West Bank, considered illegal under international law.
In response to Abbas, Friedman, who is Jewish, told a conference that Abbas's comments could have anti-Semitic connotations.
“His response was to refer to me as son of a dog. Is that anti-Semitism or political discourse? I leave that up to you,” they said, according to a US embassy spokesperson.
Abbas's comments appeared to be in response to a tweet by Friedman earlier on Monday.
In it they referred to an attack in the West Bank as “in the north”, raising questions over whether they view it as part of Israeli territory, and accused Abbas's Palestinian Authority (PA) of failing to condemn it.
“Such brutality and no condemnation from the PA!” they tweeted, referring to a Friday car ramming that killed two soldiers and a Sunday stabbing in Jerusalem that left an Israeli dead, both carried out by Palestinians.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu later denounced Abbas's remarks on Twitter.
“For the first time in decades, the US administration has stopped pampering Palestinian leaders and tells them ‘that's enough'. Apparently the shock of the truth has caused them to lose their mind,” they said.
Israel has militarily occupied the West Bank and east Jerusalem since 1967.
Abbas's government has limited autonomy in parts of the West Bank, while the Jewish state annexed east Jerusalem in a move never recognised by the international community.
All countries currently have their embassies in Tel Aviv and view the future status of Jerusalem as a matter to be negotiated between the parties.
But in December Trump recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital and in May Friedman will become the first US ambassador in the city as the embassy is moved.
Separately during the speech, Abbas accused rival Palestinian faction Hamas of a bomb attack targeting their prime minister Rami Hamdallah last week and threatened fresh sanctions against the Islamist movement.
Abbas had previously said Hamas was responsible as it controls security in the Palestinian enclave, but Monday evening said it was “behind the attack.”
Hamdallah was uninjured in last Tuesday's attack, which saw a roadside bomb explode as their convoy entered Gaza in what Palestinian officials have called an assassination attempt.
Six of their security guards were lightly hurt.
In the speech to Palestinian leaders in the West Bank city of Ramallah, Abbas said if the attack had succeeded it would have “opened the way for a bloody civil war”.
Hamas condemned what it called Abbas's “provocative positions,” saying its security services were still investigating the explosion.
The Islamists and Abbas's secular party Fatah have been at odds since 2007 when Hamas seized control of Gaza in a near civil war.
Abbas controls the internationally recognised Palestinian government, based in the occupied West Bank which Hamdallah leads.
Abbas has previously taken a series of measures, including reducing electricity payments for Gaza's two million residents, in what analysts said was an attempt to punish Hamas.
Hamas and Fatah agreed a reconciliation agreement in October but it has collapsed. AFP
AFP/CC
Top 5 Trends That will Impect Web Development 2017
Contact
Purav Thakkar
Founder and CEO
***@innvonix.com Purav ThakkarFounder and CEO
End
-- The dynamic field ofis advancing nearly on everyday basic and it is fundamental for website development specialists to keep themselves redesigned with the most recent trends to construct an engaging site with incredible client encounter. We utilize sites for everything, from shopping, to banking, to reading news. The interest for website development ability is as high as ever, and the extent of what developers can do is huge! Will the web mesh its way into considerably more aspects of our life? We present to you a couple trends that are picking pace in web design and development for 2017!Artificial Intelligence (AI) is completing our lives. Most of the AI developments have been intended to make consumer processes smoother and easier. AI is more affordable, faster, and more practical evolving than ever! The developments at Wikipedia and Google are just the instances to show.The reason behind the growth ofare cloud computing and access to more data. Cloud computing has become more efficient and available than before, which offers power to companies and people to innovate with it. Researchers can access more data that means people can learn more new things in the AI field faster and efficiently.Giant tech leaders like Apple, Google, Amazon, and Facebook are all reading seeking new ways to incorporate AI technology into their consumer-facing products. They are commencing to apply it as an alternative to the demand for human innovation.Motion UI is a SaaS library used for creating custom CSS transitions and animations. This updated version has more robust transition options, flexible CSS patterns and an animation queuing system that can work with any JS animation library.Motion UI has more than two dozen animation classes and built-in transition that make prototyping easy. When you navigate to a production environment, you can preview the effects with the help of library. It is a ZURB product.It is really irritating if you submit a login form today and you have to wait for more seconds as the page is getting refreshed and then it shows message "Invalid Password". Lot of this stuff can be done when you are on the same without navigating or reloading the page. This is time saving and user gets great experience. JavaScript is the future. ES6 component based and class like JavaScript are offering a new angle to the way we view front end development. Offline feature is the next thing. We are already watching growth in push notifications that are sent by web applications. It is made achievable due to the service workers running inside browsers. No doubt JavaScript has become a critical part of basic web development stack in a combo of HTML and CSS.Many attempts have been made by using tools like Cordova or Phonegap to recycle mobile codebase for building apps. However, the developers could not achieve responsive results asIf you have more points in your mind, share them with other readers through comments. And yes, don't forget to share this post within your circle.Static websites are taking over from dynamic websites for providing online content. Bloggers are seeking for new http://www.innvonix.com/ ) trend that ensures low costs and enhanced speed, performance and security.Static site generators convert simple, plain text into static blogs or website. These are a great way to create websites. There is no need of a database as your web pages are not complex files and simply run on your servers.2017 marks the year design makes one more step again into reality. Whether it's through shape, color decision or usefulness, 2017 is a year of hybrids, where reality and technology crash to make a consistent browsing experience. Let's update your website with the latest. Trust you will find what you are searching for.
CAIRO (AP) — A top Egyptian rights lawyer says at least eight protesters were detained and accused of "association with a terrorist organization" after joining a small protest in Cairo over the Trump administration's decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.
Khaled Ali says the protesters were arrested on Saturday in front of the Egyptian Press Syndicate in downtown Cairo after rallying against President Donald Trump's move.
It wasn't immediately possible to reach the prosecutors on Monday for a comment.
Ali says those detained, including a female activist, are accused of links to the Muslim Brotherhood group, Egypt's onetime largest Islamist group which was outlawed after the ouster of the Islamist President Mohammed Morsi in 2013.
Advertisement
Egypt's President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi is a close ally of Trump, whose announcement triggered protests across the world.
FILE: Scientists have used in-vitro fertilization techniques to develop hybrid rhino embryos -- "test-tube rhinos" -- which could help save the endangered northern white rhinoceros species.
(CNN) — Scientists have used in-vitro fertilization techniques to develop hybrid rhino embryos — “test-tube rhinos” — which could help save the endangered northern white rhinoceros species, according to a new study.
The team was also able to extract stem cell lines from southern white rhino embryos, a closely related subspecies to northern white rhinos, which could be used to make reproductive cells such as eggs and sperm to create embryos.
These techniques could become a valuable tool in the conservation of rhino populations, according to the research published Wednesday in the journal Nature Communications.
“It shows for the first time that modern technology can offer some options for conservation when the situation gets very bad, when species become endangered, such as the case of the northern white rhino,” said Cesare Galli, who works at Avantea's laboratory of reproductive technologies and was one of the authors of the report.
The northern white rhinoceros is the most endangered mammal in the world. Sudan, the northern white rhino's last male — once called the “most eligible bachelor in the world” by the dating app Tinder — died in March. That leaves only two females, Najin and Fatu, to represent the subspecies,
Over the past two decades, attempts at establishing a sustainable northern white rhino population — including natural breeding programs as well as artificial insemination — have been unsuccessful, according to Jan Stejskal, director of communication and international projects at the Dvůr Králové Zoo in the Czech Republic, who was involved in the study.
Recent efforts to repopulate the northern white rhino have been hamstrung by the fact that both Najin and Fatu are infertile, according to the study.
However, scientists believed that assisted reproduction technologies used on equines could also be transferred to northern white rhinos as a way boosting their reproductive capacity, the study says.
Among horses, assisted reproduction technologies have resulted in pregnancy 50% of the time, according to Galli.
Using similar techniques, the scientists were able to fertilize southern white rhinoceros eggs taken from different females in European zoos with previously frozen northern white rhinoceros sperm, creating hybrid embryos. The procedure had never been attempted among northern and southern white rhinos, according to the study.
The embryos have been frozen for possible implantation.
“What we've done is very similar to what's done to couples with fertility problems,” Galli said. “We've made a test-tube rhino.”
Embryo transfer — or the use of a surrogate mother — has never been accomplished in rhinos, according to Roth. Nonetheless, if successful, the goal is to create a population of hybrid rhinos — both southern white and northern white rhinos.
Several generations of intensive interbreeding would dilute out the southern white rhino genes, “getting us to the point where we basically have a 99% northern white rhino,” says Terri Roth, vice-president of conservation and science and CREW director at the Cincinnati Zoo and Botanical Garden, who was not involved in the study.
Sperm, eggs and Petri dishes
The extraction of stem cell lines from southern white rhino embryos was another outcome of the research, according to the study.
By creating embryo stem cell lines from southern white rhinos, scientists demonstrated what Roth calls “proof of concept,” meaning that if you could achieve this outcome with a southern white rhino, you could ostensibly achieve a similar outcome in the northern white rhino.
It's a feat that, in theory, would allow the research team to produce sperm and eggs from the cells, which could then hypothetically be used to create northern white rhino embryos, according to Roth.
In the future, they also hope to use frozen skin cells taken from 13 northern white rhinos to create induced pluripotent stem cells. These cells are adult cells, such as blood or skin cells, that are reprogrammed to act like stem cells. From these, sperm and eggs could be derived, which can in turn be used to create the embryo.
The embryos could then be implanted in a surrogate mother, most likely a southern white rhino, to produce a northern white rhino.
“The beauty of it is that we have a southern white rhino that is very closely related to the northern white rhino, and it's very likely that a southern white rhino could carry a northern white embryo to term,” Roth said.
However, because of the complexity around creating pure northern white rhino embryos, Galli estimates that it will take 10 years to accomplish.
The future of conservation
As more species slide towards extinction, the use of assisted reproductive technologies as a conservation mechanism has entered the spotlight.
Many scientists see these technologies as a valuable tool in the repopulation of disappearing species. Artificial insemination — an assisted reproductive technology — has been used to produce offspring with 60 mammals, including the giant panda, black-footed ferret and Asian elephant, and 35 non-domestic birds.
Yet the use of assisted reproduction for wildlife conservation is still rare, according to a paper co-authored by Roth, having been met with a lot of resistance from within the animal conservation community.
For Galli, it's a a simple matter of using the best tools at your disposal.
“Many people working in conservation are strongly against using biotechnologies, which seems crazy, because if you have the technology, why not use it for the good?” they said.
Burgeoning new technology — such as the methods used in this study — may offer promising alternatives for conservation efforts, but technology is not a panacea for wildlife conservation, according to Roth.
“The concern in the conservation community is that people will hear this and think, ‘We can save the rhinos with science and then become more complacent about the other strategies we have in action now,' ” Roth said.
Roth doesn't believe that one size will fit all. Rather, they urge for multiple strategies — including forest conservation, natural breeding programs, the use of rangers to guard against poaching and assisted reproductive technologies — to be used in wildlife conservation.
“We should be working on all fronts,” Roth said.
“It's very unfortunate that we find ourselves in this situation. I do think that if there's one thing we should learn from this, it's that we shouldn't allow species to get to such a critical state that these high-tech approaches are the only ways of saving its genes.”
The-CNN-Wire™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Cambodians killed in Thailand truck crash
Two Cambodian migrant workers died and more than a dozen were injured in Thailand on Friday when the truck they were travelling in hit another truck head-on.
Chen Pesith, deputy director of the Cambodia-Thai Border Relations Office, said two Cambodian workers – Seng Chhaty, 28, and 34-year-old Mouch Sarmon – died in the truck accident, and as many as 20 were injured.
“Eight people were seriously injured and 12 had only minor injuries. Now they are being treated at a Thai hospital,” Pesith said yesterday.
The incident took place in Thailand's Chanthaburi province, in Soi Dao district, with Pesith adding that the workers worked on fruit orchards.
The Bangkok Post reported that Sakda Sea Lao, the driver of their pickup truck, was one of the injured as well. An unidentified driver from the oncoming truck was also found injured and trapped in the wreckage. However, the Bangkok Post pegged the total number of injured at 18.
The Thai newspaper also reported that the workers were headed to Soi Dao district to renew their worker permits at a border checkpoint.
While truck accidents involving Cambodian garment workers travelling domestically is common, rights group Adhoc's Sam Chankea said many migrant workers used similarly dangerous transport to get to-and-from the border.
“They pack all the workers in small cars and sometimes the drivers drive at very high speeds,” they said. “I think the government should create jobs for them [here] rather them let them risk their lives.”
A group of Greenfield students and teachers were involved in an accident on Tuesday, February 7, while returning from Nashville on a field trip. Although the group was uninjured, their charter bus was damaged and a replacement had to be procured before returning home.
(See compete story in the Feb. 15th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
The idea that Brexit will bring about an all-Ireland state continues to spawn opinion polls, reports and panel debates.
Yet, for all the excited chatter, the crux of the discussion isn't new.
For the whole of Northern Ireland's history, nationalists and republicans have believed that it would be replaced soon by a 32-county republic, independent of Britain.
The intensity of this sense of destiny rises and falls, but it's an ever present force in politics on both sides of the border.
Leaving the EU brings a new dynamic to the debate, but it has little to do with traditional nationalism. The collective, middle-class strop that self-styled liberals have thrown over Brexit is far more dangerous.
The existence of this phenomenon was difficult to test previously, other than by anecdote and through social media, but its existence was suggested recently by Lord Ashcroft's poll on attitudes to the Union.
When unionists and nationalists were asked how they would vote on ‘Irish unification', if a referendum were held tomorrow, they answered predictably enough.
In contrast, more Alliance voters said they would opt to leave the UK and join the Republic of Ireland than expressed a preference for remaining in the UK.
This defies logic.
Brexit has undeniably created uncertainty in Northern Ireland, and complicated disputes about sovereignty and identity. People are anxious about how it will be implemented and how it will affect their lives.
Yet, if voters are worried that leaving the EU might cause disruption, social and economic turmoil is practically guaranteed if Northern Ireland is wrenched from the UK, to create a brand-new, all-island state.
Our economy and our prosperity are dependent overwhelmingly on our links with the rest of the UK.
We do four times as much business with mainland Britain as we do with the Republic. As one of the poorer regions of the UK, we receive about £12 billion more a year from Westminster than we pay into the Exchequer in taxes.
The best idea that nationalists has come up with to replace this money, short of causing devastating hardship, involves London continuing to cough up, for decades after we're absorbed by the Republic.
When the journalist Paul Gosling wrote a report articulating the economic case for Irish ‘unity', they proposed massively reducing public sector employment in NI.
Our economy is certainly unhealthily dependent on government money, but the University of Ulster economist, Dr Esmond Birnie, pointed out that Gosling's plan would mean quickly laying off 50,000 people.
Rather than gradually rebalancing the economy from the public to the private sector, it would “be a shattering blow” to both.
There is no rational case for an independent, all-Ireland state at the current time, so there must be emotional reasons that self-styled ‘moderate' voters are receptive to the idea.
Alliance voters are concentrated overwhelmingly in the east of NI, as are the few ‘soft unionists'.
If you looked at these people broadly, as a type, you'd find a preponderance of well-off professionals, who have benefited enormously from our constitutional set-up and are likely to be thoroughly integrated with the rest of British society.
They travel back and forward to Great Britain for work and conferences, they're often paid by UK companies and they frequently attended universities on the mainland.
Some of the most vocal are quite clear that they hate Brexit and, one suspects, they would like to dissociate themselves from the hordes they believe voted to leave the EU. Among privileged liberals, that's been a familiar refrain right across the UK.
It's not uncommon to hear remainers say that they “want their country back”. In Northern Ireland, some are so spitting mad, that they'd even consider joining a completely new nation state.
While it's an attitude that is professed noisily in public, it's difficult to tell how deeply ingrained this mentality is in reality.
Surely, if the secretary of state were actually to call a border poll and people started to focus on the issues properly, self-interest and common-sense would trump a tantrum about leaving the EU, distaste for the DUP and unease at the way social issues are handled?
Is there really a significant section of our society that is prepared to take its chances in a turbulent, 32-county state, because its members don't like Brexit, get on well with their chums from Dublin 4 at the rugby and have, almost overnight, adopted the (admittedly persuasive) case for same-sex marriage, with special fervour?
It's tempting to hold such complacency about Northern Ireland's constitutional position in contempt. I know I do (can you tell?); but I have the luxury of writing columns about these issues, and it's not my responsibility to protect the Union.
Unfortunately for unionist politicians, they have no choice but to grapple with these changes, because maintaining the integrity of the UK is far more important than preventing people from getting married.
Ultimately, it's also more important than taking a purist attitude to Brexit.
The Triline Phoenix™ Cavity Slider from Triline Quality Door Systems has special features that allow easy adjustment and installation.
[DERWENT PARK, 31/5/2018] – Triline Quality Door Systems, a specialist in internal sliding doors in Australia, offers the Triline Phoenix™ Cavity Slider. Its features allow for easy installation and adjustment while also providing spatial efficiency to residential and light commercial applications. Each door from Triline's range is proudly constructed from hardware supplied by a trusted local brand.
Sliding Doors Designed with Precision for Easy Installation
Triline Phoenix™ Cavity Sliding Door's dimensions are designed for easy installation. The door clearance is adjustable from 10 to 20 millimetres allowing for carpet, vinyl, tiles and other flooring and covering.
The door frames have a standard door thickness of 35 millimetres but can be custom-made for non-standard sizes and increments. With a special track design, the door will not jump off the track as a single rail system normally would. The Phoenix™ door has a roller feature with precision bearings and quick release fittings that contribute to easy installation and adjustment.
Functional Construction Meets Clean Design
A functional and affordable alternative to hinged doors, the Triline Phoenix™ enables efficient use of space with no door clearance required. The Triline Phoenix™ comes with a variety of stylish finishes including architraves and flush finishes. All visible components of the door are made from varnished grade select timber.
The hardware used to construct the Triline Phoenix™ is supplied by Brio, a trusted brand in sliding and folding door hardware. As with all Triline sliding doors, the Phoenix™ is made of kiln-dried hardwood.
About Triline Quality Door Systems
As a leading source of residential and commercial sliding doors in Australia, Triline Quality Door Systems has been a trusted manufacturer of sliding door systems that are not only functional but also offer aesthetic flexibility. Since 1996, Triline has produced a comprehensive range of sliding doors that are designed based on years of market research.
To learn more about the company and its range of products, visit https://triline.net.au.
- In the video above, Alexa Bliss talked about being excited to be in their hometown of Columbus for tonight's WWE RAW. Bliss also warned the women on the RAW brand, saying that they "need to know to not mess with the five feet of fury Alexa Bliss," and that she's "here to take over the women's division."
- As noted, Matt's Twitter description has been switching from "#BROKEN" to "#Version1". For a while last night their Twitter description was changed to "Mattitude," but it has since been changed back to #BROKEN.
- Below is a live stream of former WWE star AJ Lee on teamcoco's Twitch channel playing The Witcher 3.
Watch live video from teamcoco on twitch.tv
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
As sad as it might sound, Esha Gupta deleted their famous topless pomegranate, cleavage and butt naked pictures from their Instagram handle and we wonder why and when did they delete it in the first place.
They became an online sensation back in August with their bold and sizzling pictures and was the talk of the town. It's sad to see that they deleted the images, but not to worry, folks! You can see it below one last time!
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video
NOTICE OF PUBLIC HEARING
The Charter Township of Orion Zoning Board of Appeals will hold a public hearing on Monday, July 23, 2018 at 7:00 pm in the lower level of the Orion Township Hall, 2525 Joslyn Road, Lake Orion, Michigan 48360, on the following matter:
AB-2018- 25, Richard L. Jewett, 1146 S. Long Lake, 09-01-265-046
The petitioner is requesting two (2) variances from Zoning Ordinance No. 78:
Article 27, Section 27.05.H.: 1. A 10' rear yard setback variance from the required 10' rear yard setback to build a 6' tall privacy fence on the rear property line. Article 6, Section 6.07, District R-3: 2. A 10' side yard setback variance from the required 10' side yard setback to build a 6' tall privacy fence on both side yards.
You may send correspondence regarding this case to the Orion Township Hall, addressed to the Zoning Board of Appeals, or you may attend the public hearing to express your views and/or concerns.
A complete copy of the proposed ZBA application is on file in the Planning & Zoning Department and may be examined during normal business hours, 8:30 am to 4:30 pm, Monday through Friday, until the date of the public hearing.
Orion Township will provide necessary and reasonable auxiliary aids, and services for individuals with disabilities at the public hearing upon advance notice by writing or calling Penny S. Shults, Township Clerk, 2525 Joslyn Road, Lake Orion, Michigan 48360; (248) 391-0304, ext. 4001. Please contact the Clerk's office at least 72 hours in advance of the public hearing.
Loren Yaros, Chairman
Zoning Board of Appeals
Charter Township of Orion
Christians in Western Europe are less accepting of immigrants and non-Christians than people without religious affiliations, a study published yesterday that was based on a 15-country survey found.
The Pew Research Centre report revealed that Christians — whether or not they are churchgoers — are more likely than western Europeans who don't identify with a religion to express negative views of Muslims, Jews and migrants. They also are more inclined to
think their country's culture and values are superior.
"On balance, more respondents say immigrants are honest and hardworking than say the opposite," the study's authors wrote. "But a clear pattern emerges: Both church-attending and non-practising Christians are more likely than religiously unaffiliated adults in Western Europe to voice anti-immigrant and anti-minority views."
The study was based on a telephone survey of 24,599 randomly selected adults in the 15 countries. Researchers compared the attitudes of respondents who described themselves as practising Christians, non-practising Christians and religiously unaffiliated, including atheists and agnostics.
Advertisement
One of their findings was that ethnic Europeans as a whole hold "mixed views on whether Islam is compatible with their country's values and culture". In Britain, 45 per cent of churchgoing Christians and 47 per cent of non-practising Christians agreed with the statement that "Islam is fundamentally incompatible with our values and culture", the survey showed. Among non-religious Britons, 30 per cent shared that view.
In France, 72 per cent of Christians who attended church agreed it was important to have French ancestry to be "truly French". Among non-practising Christians, 52 per cent took this position, compared to 43 per cent of those without religious affiliations.
The survey was conducted between April and August last year, after more than 2.3 million migrants and refugees had entered Europe during the previous two years, according to the European border control agency Frontex. The survey found that Swedes were the least likely to express anti-migrant and anti-minority views, while Italians were the most likely.
Although Muslim newcomers have been the focus of far-right candidates appealing for votes and activist campaigns to seal Europe's borders, the survey also asked about attitudes toward Jews in western Europe.
For example, 36 per cent of Italians, more than in any other country, agreed with the statement that, "Jews always overstate how much they have suffered," compared to the 11 per cent of Swedes who did.
One-quarter of all the respondents in Italy — Christian and non-religious combined — said they would not be willing to accept a Jew as a family member. The comparable figure in Britain was 23 per cent, in Austria 21 per cent and 29 per cent in Germany.
However, anti-Muslim sentiment exceeded anti-Semitism in every country. By comparison, 43 per cent in Italy, 36 per cent in Britain, 34 per cent in Austria and 33 per cent in Germany said they would be unwilling to accept a Muslim as a family member.
The American Bass Anglers wrapped up the competition season with a tournament on June 4 at Possum Kingdom Lake. Cable reeled in the big bass of the tournament, weighing in at 7.42 pounds. They finished with 784 points during the 2016-17 season, which was 159th place out of 797 anglers. (Courtesy photo)
'An Evening of Laughter and Love' will feature Jane Lynch as the presenter, Dennis Miller as the master of ceremonies and Billy Baldwin as the auctioneer
The Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation, a nonprofit organization providing financial and emotional support to families of children with cancer who live in Santa Barbara, Ventura and San Luis Obispo counties, has announced that its sixth annual fall fundraiser, “An Evening of Laughter and Love,” will honor iconic actor, comedian, singer, dancer and best-selling author Carol Burnett, from 8 to 10 p.m. Friday, Oct. 14 at Santa Barbara's Lobero Theatre, 33 E. Canon Perdido St.
This once-in-a-lifetime event, the organization's first evening fundraiser, offers a special night filled with laughter and an intimate tribute to Burnett's remarkable career and contributions spanning six decades.
Emmy Award-winning actor, comedian, singer and host of this year's Emmy Awards, Jane Lynch, will introduce Burnett and present them with their special honor.
Dennis Miller, Emmy-winning comedian and television personality, will serve as master of ceremonies while actor, writer and Montecito local Billy Baldwin will serve as the event's official celebrity auctioneer. A unique and memorable live auction is planned.
Raffle prize packages for the special event include platinum passes to the 2012 Santa Barbara International Film Festival; an entertainment package with tickets to The Ellen DeGeneres Show and the new hit show Hot in Cleveland starring Betty White, orchestra seats to an evening at the Los Angeles Philharmonic at Disney Hall, terrace box seats to a Jazz Night at the Hollywood Bowl, and tickets to The Groundlings Comedy Night and Dancing with the Stars; and a four-night stay for 10 at Casa Quixote, a luxurious private villa in the exclusive resort community of Ixtapa Zihuatanejo on the Mexican Rivera's Pacific Coast.
Selected winners need not be present to win. Click here to purchase raffle tickets online or call 805.563.4723.
The Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation wishes to thank the Lobero Theatre, Pure Joy Catering, Vogelzang Vineyards, Peligroso Tequila, Chopin Vodka, Rusack Vineyards, Bacara Resort & Spa and San Ysidro Ranch.
For information about “Special Event” tickets that include pre- or post-event receptions or for sponsorship opportunities, click here or call 805.563.4723. General admission tickets for “An Evening of Laughter and Love” are $150 each and may be purchased through the Lobero box office by clicking here or calling 805.963.0761 or 888.4LOBERO.
“We believe that laughter is a great healer, and this year's event honoring Carol Burnett, one of the funniest and most generous people on the planet, offers the right prescription,” the Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation's Marni Rozet said. “While raising much-needed funds, this unique event will help us to continue building community awareness about the organization during a fun and poignant evening of laughter and love! TBCF is a locally funded, grass-roots organization with a clear mission to serve the families in our community whose children have been diagnosed with cancer.”
Click here for a complete list of participating sponsors, underwriters and auction items.
— Sheela Hunt represents the Teddy Bear Cancer Foundation.
Chicago Bears' Barth familiar with kicker competition
hello
Chicago Bears kicker Connor Barth (4) watches as their field goal goes through the uprights during the second half of an NFL football game against the Jacksonville Jaguars in Chicago, Sunday, Oct. 16, 2016.
BOURBONNAIS -- If incumbent Chicago Bears place-kicker Connor Barth responds as well to the competition from newly signed Roberto Aguayo as they did in Monday's practice, they will have no trouble keeping their job.
In the most kicker-intensive practice of training camp, Barth was perfect on all 12 field-goal attempts under gamelike conditions. They connected from, in order, 30, 32, 37, 38, 40, 41, 28, 42, 45, 31, 23 and 53 yards.
"Connor had a great day," Bears coach John Fox said.
Aguayo was suited up but did not attempt any kicks in their first practice with their new team.
Asked if their performance was a response to the challenge from the same kicker who replaced them at Tampa after the 2016 draft, Barth said: "Well, what else am I supposed to do, you know? If I keep kicking like I did (Monday), hopefully things will work out -- if not here, somewhere else."
Fox said the situation at place-kicker is no different from any other position.
"We're trying to improve our football team and trying to make it competitive," Fox said. "(Aguayo) is a guy that we had high grades on as they were coming (out for the draft)."
Barth says it's just part of the deal.
"There are two ways you can take it," they said. "You can either have a mental breakdown and go into a hole and it's over, or you can step up and like my parents have always said, 'Bring on the competition.' And that's what I've always done."
Aguayo was taken in the second round (59th overall) of the draft by Tampa Bay. The Buccaneers cut Barth days after drafting Aguayo, who hit 88.5 percent of their field-goal attempts at Florida State.
"Roberto's a great talent," Barth said. "He was one of the best, if not the best, to come out of college football."
But after missing an extra point and a 47-yard field goal in the Bucs' preseason opener, Aguayo was cut Saturday.
They hit just 22 of 31 FG attempts last year as a rookie, amid speculation that the pressure of being such a high draft pick affected their performance. Their 71 percent accuracy was easily the lowest in the league, and their longest field goal of 43 yards was the shortest best kick in the league.
"It's unfortunate," the 23-year-old Aguayo said. "What we both wanted, it just never flourished. I'm excited to be here with the Bears, and I'm excited about this fresh opportunity and a new start.
"It always came (up), being a second-round pick. Right now, I just focus on being in the present and what I've got to do here."
Barth was good on 78.3 percent of their FG tries last year for the Bears, their fourth NFL team in eight seasons. But that was the second-lowest percentage of their career, during which they have hit 84.0 percent of their attempts.
When camp started the Bears had kicker Andy Phillips on the roster, but they were cut last week. In the preseason opener, Barth connected on their only FG try, from 25 yards, and converted both extra points. They said competition isn't unusual for him.
"It's something I've dealt with my whole career," they said. "I don't think I've ever been in training camp without competition.
"For our position, you're kind of competing against yourself (anyway). It doesn't really matter what Roberto does, because if I don't kick well, then I won't be anywhere."
The Bears signed Barth a week before the 2016 season started, two days after parting ways with Robbie Gould.
The 31-year-old Barth summed up the situation for themselves and for Aguayo.
"It's a performance-based business," they said. "If you don't do it, you're not going to be anywhere. You've just got to go out there and perform."
• Follow Bob's Bears reports on Twitter @BobLeGere.
Arrests
No arrests were reported from June 6-12.
Summonses
6/14 at 10:10 a.m. Sarah Sutton, 43, no address listed, of South Portland, was issued a summons on Shore Road by Officer Jeffrey Gaudette on charges of operating an unregistered motor vehicle.
Turning the table
6/11, no time listed Police responded to a complaint of a defective, easily-tipped picnic table at Fort Williams. The offended table was located and removed.
Fire calls
No fire calls were reported from June 6-12.
EMS
Cape Elizabeth emergency medical services responded to nine calls from June 6-12.
Low levels of worker productivity are restraining our living standards and well-being, according to the OECD.
While economic growth remains strong, low levels of labour productivity and the challenge of adapting to a changing job market are holding us back, the international agency concludes in its Economic Survey of New Zealand 2017.
The report highlights weakness in maths skills and the fact that many New Zealander's are over-qualified for the jobs they end up doing as two key reasons why we are struggling to adapt to the modern job market.
The OECD notes that employment has shifted towards high-skilled occupations, a trend that is likely to continue with further uptake of digital technologies, including Artificial Intelligence.
Advertisement
New Zealand has high levels of skills in areas like literacy and IT use but also suffers from high levels of mismatch between qualifications, skills and jobs.
A larger than average proportion of New Zealand workers hold high level qualifications for jobs in which the labour market is oversupplied so then end up settling for jobs which requre lower qualifications outside their chosen field, the report says.
Improving educational achievement in mathematics would provide more young people with good job prospects in fields such as engineering and computing, it says.
With more workers likely to be displaced over the next 10-20 years, there may be a need to strengthen New Zealand's limited arrangements for supporting displaced workers.
New Zealand's low levels of productivity have long been identified as a weak spot for the economy.
The report notes that we remain well below other leading OECD countries and points to a range of factors for the problem.
These include a lack of international connections, the small scale of industries limiting their ability to cluster and work together, weak competitive pressures; low rates of capital investment; and "meagre" research and development activity.
The gap between labour productivity levels here and in Australia was largely caused by lower levels in the construction and financial services.
The report also highlighted some key risks to New Zealand's financial stability. These were broadly in line with those indetified by the Reserve Bank - including high levels of household debt, rising house prices.
The report recommends that the Reserve Bank is given the power to impose Debt to Income Ratio restrictions on bank lending.
Last week the bank published a consulataion document on DTIs but will still require approval by the Government.
The OECD Economic and Development Review Committee last produced a report on New Zealand in 2015.
Mauro Ranallo returned to commentating this past weekend, as they called the Rizin FF 5: Sakura MMA event in Yokohama, Japan. As seen in the video above, Mauro took a veiled shot at WWE during the event as Jazzy Gabert made their way to the cage.
"Professional wrestler - and boy does it feel good to be able to use that term again - turned mixed martial artist, the Alpha Female Jazzy Gabert!" Mauro said as Gabert approached the cage.
"Professional wrestler" is one of many banned terms that aren't allowed to be said on WWE television.
See Also Jerry Lawler On If They Think WWE Will Fire JBL Over Mauro Ranallo Controversy
As noted, Mauro isn't expected to return to WWE after last appearing on WWE television in mid-March. Dave Meltzer recently reported that WWE has initiated settlement talks with Mauro's representatives. Mauro's WWE contract expires on August 12th.
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
TCU Horned Frogs wide receiver KaVontae Turpin (25) makes a touchdown against the Texas Longhorns during the first quarter of the TCU and Texas football game at Amon G. Carter Stadium in Fort Worth on Oct. 3, 2015. (Rose Baca/The Dallas Morning News)
SportsDayDFW.com's Reece Kelley Graham recently picked the brain of PurpleMenace.com publisher Billy Wessels regarding all things TCU spring ball. Here are some highlights from their conversation:
Billy Wessels: "...A guy that Gary Patterson raved about is Taye Barber. The true first-year student can be KaVontae Turpin 2.0 with a bit more size on their frame. Expect to see them a lot on screen passes and be used all over the offense. They were fun to watch in the spring game make a couple guys miss on the few touches they got.  They are going to be a first-year student phenom this year out of the backfield or in the slot."
Is there another player from TCU's incoming class that has impressed you and could they contribute immediately?
BW: "I've been saying all along that Anthony McKinney needs to be the most important incoming player for TCU. The offensive line has to replace four spots and McKinney has the size and quickness to play at an elite level in the Big 12. But they need to play right away for this offense to reach its potential. The offensive line is the key for TCU this season and the team will only go as far as the unit helps them, especially with a quarterback with one game of experience."
How do you like the depth at linebacker moving forward? Who is stepping up to bolster that position?
BW: "I expect Ty Summers and Garret Wallow to be the guys at linebacker for TCU. Arico Evans and Montrel Wilson have shined at times, but are yet to reach their full potential. The unit got a big boost with the addition of grad transfer Jawuan Johnson from Northern Illinois. It's unclear how much they will be able to help immediately, but I expect them to be depth for the unit this season."
What are your thoughts on Shawn Robinson at this stage in their game? Could Justin Rogers challenge them when healthy?
Updated at 2:10 p.m. ET
A judge declined to set bond for an Ohio man during their first court appearance after allegedly ramming a vehicle into a crowd of people demonstrating against a white supremacist rally Saturday in Charlottesville, Va.
Charlottesville resident Heather Heyer was killed, and at least 19 other people were in injured in the attack.
The Charlottesville Police Department said Saturday that James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Maumee, Ohio, was charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and run.
During today's Charlottesville court hearing, as NPR's Debbie Elliott reports, Fields "appeared by video from jail, dressed in a gray and white-striped prison jumpsuit."
They answered the judge's questions with a simple "Yes, sir" and "No, sir," according to The Associated Press.
Fields told Judge Robert Downer that they could not afford a lawyer. "Downer assigned a court-appointed attorney to represent Fields, and set another hearing for Aug. 25," Debbie adds. "Until then, the judge said, Fields would remain in jail with no bond in part because they have no ties to the area."
The AP adds that the judge told the court that the "public defenders' office informed them it could not represent Fields because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest." Fields was taken into custody on Saturday after the incident.
Details are emerging about Fields' background and their interest in Nazi Germany. One of the suspect's high school teachers in Ohio told member station WVXU that Fields "was intelligent and didn't cause trouble," but was "also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy."
Derek Weimer, who had Fields in three classes at Randall K. Cooper High School in Union, Ky., told WVXU, "He went to a good school. Lived in a good neighborhood. There were plenty of people around to try to guide them in the right direction. My first feeling is we failed. I failed."
Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told The Toledo Blade that they were aware their son was going to what they called an "alt-right" rally. "I told them to be careful," Bloom said, according to the newspaper. "[And] if they're going to rally to make sure he's doing it peacefully."
Two Honest Guys, an online portal for gaming, movie, tv and tech content, has relaunched and rebranded under the new name Final Boss.
End
-- Launched in 2016, Two Honest Guys was established by founders James Speyer and Ryan Lipton as a platform to provide content relating to all things gaming, movies, TV and tech. Their goal was to engage an audience of casual fans who shared their passion for the entertainment world, writing about everything from Star Wars and Netflix shows to major game releases and 4K technology.Over time, Two Honest Guys, otherwise known as THG, received contributions from many talented writers, creators and brands hoping to share their voice with like-minded readers. As the website developed, it became clear to the expanding team that the current branding was not encompassing of what they were trying to represent or achieve."Two Honest Guys was a great starting point for myself and Ryan to introduce ourselves to the online community." Founder James Speyer commented. "But Two Honest Guys quickly grew beyond just the two of us. We wanted to take our faces off the brand and make it more about a community of contributors. A platform for everyone."Now relaunched as Final Boss ( http://finalboss.io ), the website still offers the same unique insights, tone and content as it had previously, but has become targeted to both the audience and the type of platform the website has become. The inspiration for the name came from both gaming and blockbuster movies; where final bosses are often a core to the story."The decision to turn Two Honest Guys into Final Boss was about clear branding and letting people know what the website is all about." Ryan Lipton said when speaking about the change. "Final Boss is a portal of exciting new content from the entertainment world, written for by a variety of creators. It's not just the ramblings of two blokes on the web anymore."Final Boss is a fast growing community; one that is always looking for more contributors. With the rebranding comes as new call-to-action from the team. Content creators of all kinds, be they writers, video creators, visual artists or social media gurus, should get in touch with the Final Boss team if they're looking for a new platform to get involved with and share awesome online content.
Dubai Health Authority deploys Masimo Patient SafetyNet in two hospitals
The Dubai Health Authority (DHA) is boosting its present inventory of Masimo equipment and technology with the implementation of Masimo Patient SafetyNet, a supplemental remote monitoring and clinician notification system, at two hospitals in Dubai.
Masimo Patient SafetyNet allows information from bedside monitors, such as Masimo Root with the Radical-7 or wearable Radius-7 Pulse CO-Oximeter, to be accessible from a central viewing station.
Once changes occur in measured values, which may show deterioration in a patient's condition, Patient SafetyNet sends wireless alerts directly to clinicians, irrespective of wherever they are.
Besides, Patient SafetyNet can automate the transfer of patient data, including admission data, vital signs, early warning scores (EWS), and other physiological parameters, directly to hospital electronic medical record (EMR) systems, aiding to boost clinician workflows and cut down the possibility of transcription errors.
In an 11-month study conducted at Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center, Dr. Andreas Taenzer and their colleagues found that using Patient SafetyNet and Masimo SET pulse oximetry as part of a comprehensive alarm management strategy cut down rescue events by 65% and intensive care unit transfers by 48%, and as a result, minimised costs by $1.48m.
The team announced that after five years, Dartmouth-Hitchcock had had zero preventable deaths or instances of brain damage due to opioids since the installation of Patient SafetyNet.
Last year, after ten years, the team reported achieving a 50% reduction in unplanned ICU transfers and a 60% reduction in rescue events, despite increases in patient acuity and occupancy.
The two Dubai Health Authority medical centres deploying Patient SafetyNet are Dubai Hospital and Latifa Hospital, which specialises in maternal and child care.
In 2013, Dubai Hospital installed its first Patient SafetyNet.
Latifa Hospital is in the process of installing four systems, with an advanced system planned for Dubai Hospital.
Dubai Health Authority director general and chairperson of the board Humaid Al Qatami said: “We are excited to deepen our partnership with Masimo.
“The Dubai Health Authority's mission is to develop an integrated and sustainable healthcare system that ensures our comprehensive services achieve the highest international standards, and we believe that Masimo's monitoring devices, now even more connected to hospital infrastructure through the power of Patient SafetyNet, will help us meet that goal.”
Masimo founder and CEO Joe Kiani said: “Patient SafetyNet, in conjunction with Masimo SET pulse oximetry, enables continuous supplemental monitoring of active patients in post-surgical wards and can help save the lives of patients on opioids, among many other benefits.
“We applaud the Dubai Health Authority, dedicated to providing no less than the best health care in the world, for recognising the importance of implementing such a proven and powerful centralized monitoring and patient surveillance system.”
NO MORE PRUNING: Trevor Muchow, pictured with wife Riecke and granddaughter Ellie, was gardening when they were stung by a wasp.
Their love for manicured gardens almost cost a Bundaberg grandfather their life on New Year's Eve when a wasp sting triggered anaphylactic shock.
Trevor Muchow was pruning overhanging branches from around the family pool at their East Bundaberg home Saturday morning when they felt a sting penetrate their shoulder.
Having been stung by wasps plenty of times in the past, it wasn't until they turned 50 that Mr Muchow developed an allergy to the insect.
Choosing to err on the side of caution, and after two previous serious attacks, they walked back towards the house.
Their wife, Riecke, knew something was wrong when their husband sat down on the lounge.
"Within five minutes they were unconscious,” they said.
"I grabbed the EpiPen and stabbed them in the side of their thigh and called the ambulance.
"It was the EpiPen which saved their lives.”
The couple's three-year-old granddaughter, Ellie Kyte, watched on in terror as their pop was being treated.
"When the ambulance arrived, they (Ellie) told them that nana had shot poppy and there was blood and they needed to go to hospital,” Mrs Muchow said.
Mr Muchow has been proactive about their allergy, beginning a course of injections five years ago that is said to reverse the condition and is effective for wasp and bee stings.
Five years down the track they thought they were cured and never imagined they would need urgent medical treatment for a sting again.
Mr Muchow's anaphylaxis symptoms included shallow breathing, low blood pressure and within minutes unconsciousness.
They family is grateful the ambulance arrived when it did.
Mrs Muchow said it would be back to bashing the bushes with a broom before any more gardening was to be done.
Three of Sussex's big hopes for the Vitality T20 Blast campaign are reflecting on differing Indian Premier League fortunes.
Jofra Archer and Chris Jordan have flown back from the tournament, while Rashid Khan will also feature for the Sharks when the T20 Blast starts on July 4.
Archer starred for the Rajasthan Royals, who made it to the play-offs. The Royals lost in the eliminator to the Kolkata Knight Riders. The 23-year-old took 15 wickets in ten matches in their debut IPL season, with their best performance 3-22 in their debut against the Mumbai Indians.
The Royals signed Archer for £800,000 having impressed in Australia's Big Bash League (BBL) earlier this year. The Barbadian also took 15 wickets in ten matches, guiding the Hobart Hurricanes to a semi-final.
Meanwhile Khan made plenty of headlines in India as they became the second highest wicket-taker of the tournament, taking three wickets fewer than Kings XI Punjab and Australian, Andrew Tye.
The 19-year-old took 21 wickets in 17 matches for the Surisers Hyderabad, guiding their team to the final, in which they lost to the Chennai Super Kings. The leg-spin bowler's best figures were 3-19 against the Knight Riders in the semi-final, and they 34 not out in a 10-ball cameo.
This is the Afghan's second season in the IPL and they impressed last year as they took 17 wickets from 14 matches. Khan also featured in this year's BBL, taking 18 wickets from 11 matches for the Adelaide Strikers.
Fellow Sunriser Jordan featured only once during the IPL, playing against the Kings XI Punjab last month, but failed to take a wicket, producing figures of 0-31. The England International played in the Pakistan Super League earlier this year for the Peshawar Zalmi, who eventually lost in the final to Islamabad United. Jordan has played two matches in the IPL since their debut season in 2016.
Sussex's first T20 match this year is away to Essex Eagles on July 4. The home campaign starts versus Surrey on July 13.
Culinary delights from across the globe will be on sale when a street food festival comes to Corby.
‘Foodie' will be held at S&L Football Club in Occupation Road on March 30.
The event poster. NNL-180319-110627005
The festival is being hosted by Siobhan Holmes, director of The Vino Van Events, a popular prosecco bar in a converted horse trailer.
They said: “Street food events are on trend at the moment and they do them a lot in London.
“This is the first time it's ever been done in Corby.
“I'm hoping it's going to be a really successful night.”
Street food on offer will include Texas BBQ, pizza, locally sourced pork, burgers, tacos, South African food, Belgian fries, vegan food, mac and cheese, desserts and more.
There will also be four bars at the event, which takes place from 6pm to midnight, serving prosecco, vodka, cocktails and real ale and cider.
Siobhan said: “I go to a lot of these events myself and I really wanted to do something locally.
“It's going to have a great evening atmosphere and there is something for everyone.”
They added that a number of the vendors are from the area and that it was a ‘great opportunity' for local food sellers.
After the first event on March 30, the festival will be held on the last Friday of every month until September.
Tickets cost £4 or £3 if bought online here.
Ten per cent of all ticket sales will be donated to homeless charity Corby Nightlight.
Siobhan is also hosting two further events at S&L Football Club.
On May 5, there will be a pizza and prosecco festival.
And on May 6, the venue will play host to a gin festival.
NORTH AUGUSTA, S.C. (WJBF)- Construction of Ballpark Village is chugging along.
Monday night North Augusta's City Council approved a resolution and the first two steps of an ordinance to keep construction flowing smoothly.
The ordinance would allow for the relocation of Railroad Avenue, which borders the future Ballpark Village to the north.
City Administrator Todd Glover says it would pretty much stay the same between Center Street to Hammond's Ferry.
But the portion that goes underneath the bridge would jog a little farther north, coming out into a traffic circle before connecting back to the existing portions.
“We're just jogging to the North just a little bit on a section it's approximately 100 yards so 300 ft.,” Glover said.
That ordinance requires one more reading before it's officially approved.
The resolution passed allows the contractors to continue “critical path work” on the project.
“What we're actually doing is approving additional work, so to this point, we've been taking the stadium contract in pieces,” Glover said.
Glover says that this approval allows the work to keep going.
“And so that's what you saw tonight is if we had not passed it, it would have stopped the work, which would have been costly to us,” they said.
This resolution should keep the work continuing though mid-May, Glover says. But they say to keep construction going after that, they need to pass a full bond issuance around that time.
“We're just excited about Ballpark Village getting up and running because we've been looking forward to it already a year, ever since Project Jackson's been approved,” said Zachary Zimmerman, who lives in Hammond's Ferry.
City leaders say the project is still on schedule and within in the budget.
ST. PAUL (AP) -- Residents near a proposed large-scale hog farm in Fillmore County want Gov. Mark Dayton's administration to order a full environmental review.
Waukon, Iowa-based Catalpa wants to build a 4,980-sow piglet-producing facility about 10 miles east of Harmony. It would general over 7 million gallons of manure annually in a geologically porous area of southeastern Minnesota.
Around 400 people packed a community meeting last month to express concern over the impacts to groundwater and the odors.
The Land Stewardship Project and Responsible Agriculture in Karst Country organized a bus trip from the area to St. Paul Tuesday so residents could meet with Dayton and Minnesota Pollution Control Agency officials as the comment period on the initial environmental review closes.
Share This: Vin Diesel Is Taking Fast & Furious From The Screen To The Stage Hilary H
Fans of The Fast and the Furious don't have to settle for the occasional movie marathon or Fate of the Furious viewing in the comfort of their own homes to rev their engines: Vin Diesel is hard at work on the next iteration of the high-speed series, and it's coming at you in a new format that practically hands you the keys.
On August 9, Diesel—rocking a torn jersey with a Toretto name tag for their character, Dom—revealed that he's on set in New York filming portions of a program that'll make up a new, globally-touring Fast & Furious live show.
“It's the first time it's ever been done,” Diesel shares, a sentiment they repeat a couple of times in the clip. “It'll be a way for you to see the action firsthand.” So, basically, the Fast & Furious crew aren't just inviting you along for the ride, but throwing open the passenger door—or even inviting you to take the driver's seat.
They don't go into details or dish about what a live show will entail, exactly, but if it's getting mounted in stadiums—he did say that the first outing of the show will likely take place at London's O2 Arena before moving onto another city—then it's safe to assume that the live twist on Fast & Furious is set to be a huge production indeed.
China's rubber-stamp parliament on Sunday appointed Premier Li Keqiang to a second five-year term. It also appointed the director of a new anti-corruption agency.
The National People's Congress voted 2,964 to 2 in favor of reappointing Li to the post, the second highest in the ruling Communist Party.
Li's power has nevertheless faded in recent years since President Xi Jinping, who was unanimously reappointed on Saturday, transferred many responsibilities for economic policy to the president's office.
Read more: China scraps presidential term limit, enabling Xi Jinping to rule indefinitely
Corruption fighter
The Congress also voted in favor of Yang Xiaodu to become the first director of the National Supervisory Commission. The body was recently created from a fusion of the Communist Party's internal anti-corruption office and another body that oversaw the Chinese civil service.
Yang Xiaodu will oversee Xi's far-reaching anti-corruption crackdown
Since taking office in 2013, Xi has overseen an extensive anti-graft crackdown that has claimed more than a million party members.
The National Supervisory Commission is set to extend the campaign to non-party members working in the civil service and to state-owned companies, including state-backed schools, hospitals and institutes.
Wang Qishan, who previously led the party's internal anti-corruption office, was appointed Xi's deputy on Saturday.
Read more: US President Donald Trump praises China's Xi Jinping for consolidating grip on power
Watch video 02:22 Share Xi Jinping in for long career Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2thZ3 What Xi Jinping and Mao have in common
amp/jm (AP, dpa, Reuters, AFP)
Each evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Photo By Dreamstime
According to a new study, kids work harder when they're dressed up like Batman.
Researchers found that dressing up like Bob the Builder or Dora the Explorer also give kids a boost.
It seems wearing a costume gave kids extra strength and endurance.
Maybe we can learn something from this? Head to work this week in a superhero costume and just see how much more productive you are. Or … See if you get fired.
Check out more on this random study by clicking here.
Have your say
Children at a Desborough nursery helped raise more than £4,000 in support of a staff member who is fighting breast cancer.
As part of Race For Life, children at West Lodge Day Nursery ran two laps of West Lodge Farm.
The fun run, supported by parents and staff, raised a phenomenal £4,473 after a member of staff at the nursery began treatment for cancer.
The money will go towards the Breast Cancer Care Department at Kettering General Hospital and Cransley Hospice in Kettering.
Lucy Green, pre-school manager at West Lodge Day Nursery, said: “We all had such a fantastic day doing this race.
“The children all know that they've raised this money to help people who are poorly.
“It's been lovely for the children to be so involved.”
The nursery was visited by KGH's fundraising assistant Maxine Andrews to thank the children and staff.
Maxine said: “It was such a pleasure to meet so many fantastic children and kind staff too.
“Thank you so much for the hard work you have all put in to help others.”
Post hardcore legends Alexisonfire, Body Count, Parkway Drive and Marilyn Manson are among the latest additions to the Download Festival which returns to the region next year.
Renowned as the world's premier rock festival, Download takes place from June 8 to 10 at Donington Park in Leicestershire.
Since 2003 Aussie rock titans Parkway Drive have gone from strength to strength, pushing boundaries with their epic live performances.
Having ascended to the forefront of modern metal with their latest critically acclaimed album Ire, their ferocious crushing breakdowns and stadium-sized choruses have them high on people's lists for future headliner contenders.
The band said: “Parkway Drive are super stoked to be returning to Download.
“It's always a highlight for us to play and this time around we're aiming to top it all. We can't wait”
British modern metal institution Bullet for My Valentine have also been confirmed to perform.
The Welsh powerhouse have conquered the heights of Wembley Arena along with fellow UK torchbearers Asking Alexandria who will be taking to the stage with a hero's return of their original infamous vocalist Danny Worsnop.
Matt Tuck from BFMV said: “We're so excited to be playing next year's Download Festival.
“It's been five long years now since we last performed there, so we're more than ready to get back on that legendary stage and do what we do best.”
Ben Bruce from Asking Alexandria said: “Download is hands down one of the most exciting festivals in the world to play and so we have decided to bring our biggest show to date over with us.”
Other acts announced by organisers include Rise Against, Black Veil Brides, Swedish extreme tech-metal trail blazers Meshuggah, post hardcore legends Alexisonfire whose performance will be a long-awaited return to Download Festival and Babymetal.
This UK exclusive appearance will see the return of their thunderous metal, mixed with infectious J-pop while with Ice T at the helm, Body Count's mix of harsh political messages and powerful hard-core sensibilities will make the rap metal icons unmissable
Fresh from the release of their latest album Heaven Upside Down, goth rock veteran Marilyn Manson will be joining other acts including The Hives, Neck Deep The Pink Slips and Dream State at the festival.
Organisers have previously announced headliners Avenged Sevenfold, Guns n' Roses and Ozzy Osbourne.
Tickets are on sale now via downloadfestival.co.uk
Contact
AMDNext
***@amdnext.com AMDNext
End
-- American Medical Depot is proud to be a Mobile Living sponsor of the 23Annual Claude Pepper Awards Dinner. The event will be held on May 11, 2017 at Jungle Island in Miami, FL and is hosted by United HomeCare®, a leading non-profit home health and community care organization that serves the South Florida area. The organization is instrumental in improving the lives of the senior community by making it possible for them to live independently or in assisted living facilities, and promoting activities that ensure their physical and emotional well-being.American Medical Depot President Akhil Agrawal will be in attendance at the Claude Pepper Awards dinner, which will honor leaders in the healthcare space from companies such as the United Way of Miami and the University of Miami Miller School of Medicine. Each year the awards dinner recognizes the efforts of community leaders that exemplify public service and improvement towards the welfare and healthcare of the elderly and disabled communities. Said Mr. Agrawal, "AMD is honored to partner with United HomeCare. This collaboration gives AMD the opportunity to extend the reach of our award-winning logistics strategy and proprietary technology to patients' homes."The team at American Medical Depot is dedicated to delivering the quality medical supplies and equipment that healthcare providers can trust. We value all those who work together to save lives and are proud to once again support the memorable legacy of the Honorable Claude Pepper, and celebrate the continuation of their life's work.AMD is a leading healthcare supply chain solutions company based in Miramar, FL that uses technology and insight to provide smarter ways for clients to manage medical supplies and equipment utilization within complex healthcare supply chains. Having provided innovative supply chain solutions to healthcare providers for more than 20 years, AMD continually executes proven value-add models, combined with deep industry experience and strong leadership in order to deliver smarter and more cost-efficient turnkey solutions for government and commercial markets. For more information visit www.amdnext.com , or follow us on Facebook (AMDNext), LinkedIn (AMD-solutions), or Twitter (AMD_NEXT).United HomeCare is a private 501(c)(3) non-profit home health and community care organization dedicated to making people's lives better with proven quality-of-life solutions delivered in the comfort of home settings. Based in Miami, Florida, UHC is a trusted industry leader known for pioneering advances in home care programs, disease management services, and educational support programs to help families care for elderly and disabled relatives in homes or other community settings. United HomeCare® is the largest Community Care for the Elderly (CCE) Lead Agency in Miami-Dade.
To understand what does it cost of creating an app, we have to explore the different variables that affect the cost of creating an app. It is important to understand the variations in hourly rates prior to calculating the total cost of creating an app.
As much as we would like to put a finger on a cost of creating an App, we come up only with an estimate, because each app development process involves many factors that collectively influence the cost of creating an App.
Now let's look at what factors together make the cost of creating an app.
Business app Model: The hunt to build an app starts with your business plan and your business model for bringing in revenue. Every factor that plans your business model will determine what your app needs, thus, influence the cost of creating an app.
Android vs Apple platform: Once you determined what your app needs to do and who it needs to reach, you will need to decide on a platform for its creation. You can build an app on iOS (iPhone and iPad), Android, Windows Phone, the Web or all together. Based on the platform you select, the cost of creating an app is going to vary.
Features: After deciding on the platform, it's time to simply engage in developing an app. The features of an app you're hoping to develop as well as its technical requirements are going to be the solitary most important element in the cost of creating an app.
Design: As we know customers buy with their eyes. When it comes to app development, the design matters a lot and the cost of creating an app will vary. To look great, your app will need an icon, a splash screen, interface elements, buttons and many other features that attract users to engage with it.
Freelancer vs Agency: The type of developer you choose will have a big impact on the cost of creating an app. There are 3 basic categories of developers you can choose from:
Freelancer
Small agency
Large agency
We hope that after exploring the above factors it may be possible for you to make an estimate of the cost of creating an app. You can be confident about the factors involved in mobile application development process and what constituents together make the cost of creating an app. If you still have any query then simply contact Suma Soft. We are globally trusted Android app development outsourcing company and we would love to assist you. For more information get in touch with-https://goo.gl/6LP7NJ
Contact Us:
Call : +1 281 764 1825
Name: Rick Cooper
Email : info@sumasoft.com
website: www.sumasoft.com
More and more tourists choose small luxury hotels with sophisticated history, original design, exceptional room decoration and unmatched service. These are known as boutique hotels.
PG018
Contact
Press department
***@hermes-sojitz.com Press department
End
-- One of the main trends in tourist and hotel business is the idea of unique and inspiring holiday experience that largely depends on the hotel and its location. More and more tourists choose small luxury hotels with sophisticated history, original design, exceptional room decoration and unmatched service. These are known as boutique hotels.Boutique hotels, along with the concept of unique, personal travel experience, are gaining popularity, and representatives of notable hotel chains and large companies display a keen interest in them.Autograph Collection by Marriott, MGallery by Sofitel: Accor Hotels, Curio by Hilton — all these brands are the perfect examples of boutique hotels managed by the largest hotel operators — true cherry on top of world famous hotel giants.The difference between traditional chain hotels and boutiques is quite simple. In chain hotels, everything is made according to the same standards, each room is similar to the other. Hoteliers spare no effort to make their place distinctive. Uniform chain design and service dominate here.In contrast, the main feature of boutique hotels is individuality and all its manifestations:unique design, non-standard positioning, high-class service, and exceptional approach to each guest. Boutique hotels are designed to create sensations. The emphasis is put on comfort, furnishing, decoration. Hoteliers are trying to create a special atmosphere by making dreams come true for their guests.Nowadays, unique hotel concepts are in high demand in developed markets: not only well-known representatives of hotel business, but also large investors are interested in boutique hotels.Hermes-Sojitz international investment foundation has launched its project of boutique hotels chain, Hermes Heritage Hotels. At the initial stage, the collection will include 12 unique hotels with 540 rooms located in the North of Italy. We are planning to enter the IPO and expand the chain to 50 boutique hotels.The project involves renovation of historic Italian palazzos using the latest engineering technologies and modern design concepts of the best architectural and design bureaus of Europe. The chain will be managed by one of the top 5 world hotel operators.Both foreign and Russian investors are interested in participation in Hermes Heritage Hotels project, since our business model is aimed at creating more than one boutique hotel, and thus represents a promising and intriguing option in terms of return.According to Oleg Yantovsky, Head of Hermes-Sojitz Representative Office in Russia, the foundation is to look into the possibility of creating a boutique hotels network in Moscow and St. Petersburg in the view of the increasing popularity of Russia as a tourist destination.The results of 2016 demonstrated strengthening of the hotel business positions in Russia. This is due to the growing domestic and foreign tourist flow that spurs the development of the hospitality industry. Moscow and St. Petersburg have always been the main tourist destinations in Russia, and these two cities are of the greatest interest to investors today.However, growing demand meets limited supply. The shortage of international standard rooms is particularly acute in St. Petersburg and its historical part; certainly, this influences the tourist attractiveness of the city.Architectural features of St. Petersburg and vast number of monument houses in the center make it impossible to implement standard hotel development projects. Still, this is no obstacle to boutique hotel concept, because it takes all advantages of the existing historic mansions. Introduction of high quality standards in implementation of boutique hotels is one of their key elements that, as a rule, is possible only under the management of an international hotel operator.It is worth adding that the concept of boutique hotels can be adapted to various architectural features and construction solutions with no significant changes in the layout. This fact contributes to the preservation of the historical heritage, and minimizes potential difficulties in communication with city construction authorities.
Research Report Insights (RRI) offers a 10-year forecast on the global orthopedic imaging equipment market. The primary objective of the report is to offer updates and information related to market opportunities in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market.
In terms of revenue, the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is expected to register a CAGR of 4.9% during the forecast period, 2016–2026. The primary objective of the report is to offer insights on the market dynamics that can influence growth of the global orthopedic imaging equipment market over the forecast period. Insights on key market & price trends, drivers, restraints, value forecasts and opportunities for companies operating in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market are presented in the report.
Report For Report Sample with Table of Contents@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114790/Orthopaedic-Imaging-Equipment-Market
The global market for orthopedic imaging equipment is expected to experience significant growth rate in terms of value owing to rise in prevalence of orthopedic injuries globally. Furthermore, increasing per capita healthcare expenditure as increasing disposable income in developing economies is aligning number of individuals to opt for advanced diagnostic services, which in turn is expected to favour the market for orthopedic imaging over the forecast period. Also, encouraged R&D activities in the field of medical imaging and medical electronics are propelling the growth of the orthopedic imaging equipment market. However, significant increase in per capita income is projected to result in increased demand for advanced diagnostic and imaging equipment. Growth rate from the orthopedic imaging equipment market in North America is expected to expand at the relatively higher CAGR due to increase in prevalence and advancement in technologies in the region. To understand and assess opportunities in this market, the report offers market forecast on the basis of product type, indication, end user and regions. The report provides analysis of the global orthopedic imaging equipment market in terms of market value (US$ Mn).
Global Orthopedic Imaging Equipment Market– North America is expected to witness relatively higher Growth in terms of revenue by 2026
The orthopedic imaging equipment market segments, by product type, indication, end-user and region, have been analysed in terms of basis point share (BPS) to understand the individual segment's relative contributions to market growth. This detailed level of information is important for identifying various key trends in the orthopedic imaging equipment market.
The global orthopedic imaging equipment market is segmented on the basis of product types into:
X-Ray System
CT-Scanner
MRI System
EOS Imaging Systems
Ultrasound
Nuclear Imaging Systems Sleep Apnea Screening Devices
Nasal Flow Sensors
Peripheral Capillary Oxygen Saturation (SPO2)
The report begins with the market definition, followed by definitions of the different orthopedic imaging equipment product types. The market dynamics section includes RRI's analysis on key trends, drivers, restraints, opportunities and macro-economic factors influencing the growth of the global orthopedic imaging equipment market and key regulations for medical devices. Also the pricing analysis of different products in the segment is mentioned for orthopedic imaging equipment upcoming products.
Request For Report Discount@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114790/Orthopaedic-Imaging-Equipment-Market
The report analyses the market on the basis of indication and presents forecast in terms of value for the next 10 years. On the basis of indication, the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is categorized into:
Acute injuries
Sports injuries
Trauma cases
Chronic Disorders
Osteoarthritis
Osteoporosis
Prolapsed Disc
Degenerative joint diseases
Others
The report analyses the market on the basis of end user and presents forecast in terms of value for the next 10 years. On the basis of end user, the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is categorized into:
Hospitals
Radiology Centers
Emergency Care Facility
Ambulatory Surgical Centers
Next, the report analyses the market on the basis of regions and presents forecast in terms of value for the next 10 years. On the basis of regions, the global orthopedic imaging equipment market is segmented into:
North America
S.
Canada
Latin America
Brazil
Mexico
Rest of Latin America
Western Europe
Germany
France
K.
Spain
Italy
Benelux
Rest of Western Europe
Eastern Europe
Russia
Poland
Rest of Eastern Europe
APEJ
China
India
ASEAN
Australia and New Zealand
Rest Of APEJ
Japan
Middle East & Africa (MEA)
GCC Countries
South Africa
Rest of MEA
In addition, we have considered Year-on-Year (Y-o-Y) growth to understand the predictability of the market and identify growth opportunities for companies operating in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market.
Another key feature of this report is the analysis of key segments in terms of absolute dollar opportunity. This is overlooked, while forecasting. However, absolute $ opportunity is important for assessing the degree of opportunity that a provider desire to achieve, as well as to identify potential resources from a sales and delivery perspective for the response given by orthopedic imaging equipment market. To understand key segments in terms of their growth and performance in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market, RRI has developed a market attractiveness index. The resulting index would help providers identify existing market opportunities.
In the final section of the report, there is a ‘competitive landscape' to provide a dashboard view of key players engaged in the market for global orthopedic imaging equipment. This section is preferably designed to provide clients with an aim and detailed comparative assessment of key providers particularly specific to the market segment in the orthopedic imaging equipment market and the potential players. However, this section also includes company details, company overview, key developments and market strategies of the profiled key player active in the global orthopedic imaging equipment market.
Detailed profiles of orthopedic imaging equipment product manufacturers are also included in the scope of the report to evaluate their long- and short-term strategies. Some key players included in this report General Electric Company, Siemens AG, Koninklijke Philips N.V., Toshiba Medical Systems Corporation, Hitachi, Ltd., Esaote SpA, Planmed OY, EOS Imaging.
Report Analysis@ https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114790/Orthopaedic-Imaging-Equipment-Market
About Us:
Research Report Insights (RRI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm.
We deliver a host of services including custom research reports, syndicated research reports, and consulting services which are personalised in nature.
RRI delivers a complete packaged solution to clients;this combines current market intelligence, technology inputs, statistical anecdotes,
valuable growth insights, 360-degree view of the competitive framework, and anticipated market trends.
Our research services cover global as well as regional emerging markets such as BRICS, GCC, and ASEAN.
Our offerings cover a broad spectrum of verticals which include Oil and Gas, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Technology, Automotive, and Retail.
The operating model of RRI blends cross-disciplinary research experience to deploy insightful, in-depth, and actionable research.
Contact Us:
Research Report Insights
42 joseph street,
Portcarling P0B 1J0,
Muskoka, Ontario
T: +1-631-721-4201
Email: sales@researchreportinsights.com
Web Site: http://www.researchreportinsights.com
62-year-old tradition honors individuals for their contributions to the community
On Nov. 30, the Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce will be honoring Goleta's Finest with a “Celebration of Our Community.”
If you know of someone within the community deserving special recognition for their activities, then here's your chance to nominate them for this prestigious award.
Goleta's Finest is a 62-year-old tradition honoring remarkable individuals whose contributions have enhanced the Goleta community.
Categories for the ceremony include Small and Large Business of the Year, Entrepreneur of the Year, Educator of the Year, Student of the Year, Volunteer of the Year, Non-Profit of the Year, and Man and Woman of the Year.
To nominate, click here to find the nomination form on the home page, visit the Chamber of Commerce's Facebook page or email Cortney Hebert at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Entries must include the nomination form, including a biography indicating why your nominee best fits the category.
The 2011 award recipients will be honored with a formal celebration on Wednesday, Nov. 30 at the elegant Bacara Resort & Spa. The evening will include bountiful and exquisite appetizers and cocktail hour, and the awards ceremony.
To ensure that your recommendations are considered, please return your completed nomination to the chamber by Oct. 7 by email at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) or mail at P.O. Box 781, Goleta, CA 93116. For more information, call 805.967.2500 x4 for more information.
— Cortney Hebert is the communications manager for the Goleta Valley Chamber of Commerce.
A choreographer from Luton is looking for dancers to join their community ballet project.
Melanie Reis, who is also the director, wanted to create a community project with a difference and encourage people to learn a new skill.
Dracula the Ballet will be performed at the Luton Library Theatre in April.
They said: “My mission was to make it as cheap as possible and a community effort and limit it to a time frame to finish all the hard work in a wonderful performance.
“The project has its ups and downs but generally everyone is enjoying learning new things and they are blossoming into great amateur dancers.
“To me it has already been worth it, as I am already seeing my vision come alive.”
Melanie, who has also written the storyline, still needs understudies. Anyone over 18 can get involved and no experience is needed.
They said: “We are looking for understudies for the dancers. Rehearsals on Tuesdays are £1. For the Friday rehearsals the Director gets charged £13.90 for the studio hire and this is divided by dancers on the day.”
Rehearsals are at Hightown Community Sports Centre at 7.30pm on Tuesdays and at Lewsey Sports Park at 7.30pm on Fridays. To get involved email: 124mel124@gmail.com.
Kettering Town's home clash with Royston Town this evening (Tuesday) has been postponed.
The decision was taken late last night to call off the Evo-Stik South League Premier fixture with snow covering the pitch at Latimer Park with no prospect of a thaw.
The match will now be re-arranged for a later date while Kettering are due to return to action with a trip to Hitchin Town on Saturday before hosting Hereford next Tuesday.
San Beda College (SBC) banked on a balanced attack to rout Emilio Aguinaldo College (EAC), 88-51, and stretched its winning streak to 14 games in the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Season 93 basketball tournament on Friday at the FilOil Flying V Center in San Juan City.
Advertisements
Four Red Lions scored in double-digit while three others chipped in at least six points.
“We're really happy that everybody stepped up today. Credit to the boys for getting this one against EAC,” said San Beda mentor Boyet Fernandez.
AC Soberano led San Beda's fiery offense with 17 points anchored on five triples in just 15 minutes of action while Javee Mocon racked up 15 markers on top of 12 rebounds.
Big man Donald Tankoua chalked a double-double of 12 points and 10 boards while Franz Abuda added 10 markers off the bench for the Lions.
The defending champions shared the ball better this time around, dishing out 26 assists compared to 11 dimes in their 55-50 win over University of Perpetual Help System DALTA.
Robert Bolick made up for their measly two assists last outing as the 21-year old playmaker issued 12 dimes to go with six points and three rebounds.
“I just made an adjustment and found our shooters,” said Bolick.
San Beda also extended its dominance over EAC, having won all their 18 encounters since the latter joined the league in 2009.
Sidney Onwubere proved to be the lone bright spot for the Generals as the versatile forward finished with a game-high 22 points, six rebounds and two assists.
EAC fell to the brink of elimination with its fourth straight loss and 10th overall against six wins.
San Beda quickly erased an early five-point deficit as Mocon and Tankoua combined for 15 points to give the Lions a 26-11 lead in the opening quarter.
The Mendiola-based squad continued to rule the rest of the 40-minute contest, even posting a massive 70-40 advantage on Kenmark Cariño's three from top of the key midway the final frame.
Meanwhile, Jose Rizal University (JRU) sank the crucial free throws as it held off a hard-fighting San Sebastian College-Recoletos (SSC-R), 60-58, to inch closer to sealing a Final Four berth.
Abdel Poutouochi and Jed Men­doza notched three pressure-packed shots from the charity stripe as the Heavy Bombers improved to 10-6.
Mendoza and Ervin Grospe paced JRU with 14 points apiece while Teytey Teodoro and Poutouochi added 11 and 10 markers respectively.
Michael Calisaan topscored with 15 points for the Golden Stags, who dropped to 7-8.
In the final game, Lyceum of the Philippines University (LPU) kept its unbeaten slate with an 81-69 drubbing of Colegio de San Juan de Letran (CSJL).
The leading Pirates notched their 16th win in as many games while the Knights slid to an even 8-8 slate.
The scores:
First game
SBC (88)– Soberano 17, Mocon 15, Tankoua 12, Abuda 10, Carino 8, Bolick 6, Tongco 6, Bahio 4, Noah 4, Presbitero 2, Adamos 2, Cabanag 2, Doliguez 0, Oftana 0.
EAC (51)– Onwubere 22, Tampoc 8, Garcia 6, Pascua 5, Bugarin 5, Bautista 3, Mendoza I 2, Munsayac 0, Corilla 0, Mendoza J 0, Neri 0, Diego 0.
Quarterscores: 26-11; 40-28; 60-34; 88-51
Second game
JRU (60)– Grospe 14, Mendoza 14, Teodoro 11, Poutouochi 10, Sawat 6, Dela Virgen 3, Abdul Razak 2, Lasquety 0, David 0.
SSC-R (58)– Calisaan 15, Bulanadi 9, Calma 9, Ilagan 8, David 7, Navarro 3, Costelo 2, Baetiong 2, Capobres 2, Mercado 1, Gayosa 0, Are 0.
Quarterscores: 22-17; 33-30; 46-45; 60-58
Third game
LPU (81)– Perez 24, Ayaay 12, Nzeusseu 11, Marcelino JV 11, Santos 6, Marcelino JC 5, Caduyac 4, Baltazar 3, Liwag 3, Serrano 2, Ibañez 0, Tansingco 0, Cinco 0, Pretta 0, Marata 0.
CSJL (69)– Calvo 15, Quinto 13, Nambatac 12, Balagasay 9, Ambohot 8, Taladua 5, Balanza 4, Gedaria 2, Mandreza 1, Vacaro 0, Bernabe 0, Caralipio 0.
Quarterscores: 29-20; 45-36; 64-54; 81-69
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today announced a 30-day free visa for Indonesian citizens and invited the Indian community to travel to their country of origin to experience the ‘New India'.
Addressing a gathering of the Indian diaspora at the Jakarta Convention Centre in the Indonesian capital, PM Modi said, “not only do the names of our nations rhyme but also there is a distinct rhythm in the India-Indonesia friendship.”
“We will grant free of cost visa for Indonesian citizens for travel of up to 30 days,” PM Modi said, amid applause.
“Many of you may never have been to India. I invite you all to come to India for the Kumbh in Prayag (Allahabad) next year,” PM Modi told the gathering.
They said this mega event would be a new experience for the visitors who will not only realise India's ancient culture but also get a glimpse of ‘New India'.
Kumbh Mela is one of the largest human congregations on the Earth.
PM Modi requested the Indian community in Indonesia to make a habit of visiting their country of origin with friends and experience how India has been changing.
Taking a dig at the previous governments, PM Modi said their government's first priority was to make India corruption free, citizen-centric and development friendly.
“Our government, has been preparing India according to the need and expectations of the 21st century,” they said.
“We have gone a step ahead of Ease of Doing Business.' Our focus is Ease of Living.' Our processes are transparent and sensitive,” PM Modi said.
“We have to make a ‘New India'. We have to start working to realise the dream of New India by 2022, when India will celebrate 75 years of their independence,” PM Modi added.
In the last two-and-a-half years, more than 9,000 start-ups have been registered in India, they said, adding that the world's second largest start-up ecosystem is built in India.
“And my friends living in Indonesia, these are happening, laws are the same, officers are the same, offices are the same, tables and chairs are the same, only the government has changed and the country is changing,” PM Modi said.
“If the policy is clear and intension pure, then development has to happen which we have shown,” they asserted.
They lauded the people of Bali and Surabaya for rescuing thousands of Indian tourists stranded in these two places at the time of volcano eruption last year and making arrangements for their safe return.
“For this human act, I praise you with all my heart and I thank you. Showing such gestures of human values have been an integral part of India. We are living this with the same spirit in India,” PM Modi said.
Be it an earthquake in Nepal or flood in Sri Lanka, India has been recognised as one of the countries which always come forward at the time of calamity, they said.
“There is a sensitive government in New Delhi which does not see the colour of the passport. For us, an Indian is important. And in times of calamities, in the last four years in different places, we have rescued and brought back more than 90,000 people without seeing the colour of their passports,” PM Modi said.
Prime Minister Modi, who arrived in Jakarta last night on their first-ever official visit to Indonesia, earlier met President Joko Widodo at the Merdeka palace, one of the presidential palaces in Indonesia.
The actor has been at the centre of a stabbing storyline.
EastEnders star Davood Ghadami has said they hope the stabbing storyline on the soap will encourage people to think twice before picking up a knife.
The actor, who plays Kush Kazemi – the brother of teenage stabbing victim Shakil on the soap, hopes the gruelling plot will help people confront the reality of the knife crime issue.
They said: “We get hit with a lot of statistics about it, we know it's in the news and not everybody wants to watch the news.
“Everybody is quite happy to be ignorant of certain things but generally people know what is going on, especially in London and other cities and towns where it's happening far far too much.
“Everyone acknowledges there is a problem but when you get whole family that can sit down and watch something, maybe it can make them discuss the problems they have seen.”
On Friday, EastEnders will air a special episode of the show, when scenes from Shakil's funeral are interspersed with testimonies from the parents of real life victims of knife crime.
They said: “Once somebody's been through it, there is a connection and you see this connection between people who have been through it.
“I think that is something that had to be in there, that was the overriding thing. Once it's happened, it's nuclear. You can't clear it, it's never going to go.
“That is the one thing we had to put in to every scene, that it's always there, to some degree.”
Carmel (Bonnie Langford) cries at Shakil's funeral (BBC/Jack Barnes)
They continued: “[This storyline] is beyond anything that has been done before. This storyline doesn't just stop here, we have a responsibility to show that this never ends and it never stops.”
Discussing the impact they hope it has, they said: “To be able to come and say ‘what can we do about it now?', that is what people I hope will say when they watch these episodes.
“Something needs to be done and even that is a starting point, rather than to allow it to be another bit of bad news.
“Hopefully it can help start something or even the smallest most minute thing.
“Someone could think twice about picking up a knife before leaving their house, and even if they do that we have done something.”
The special episode of EastEnders will air on BBC One at 9.15pm on Friday.
© Press Association 2018
A new online mattress UK store - Latex Mattresses, Memory Foam Mattresses, Open Spring Mattresses, Pocket Spring Mattresses
End
-- http://mattrex.co.uk is a new mattress online store based in UK. They have a wide variety of mattresses - Latex Mattresses, Memory Foam Mattresses, Open Spring Mattresses, Pocket Spring Mattresses with amazing prices. They are currently having up to 60% off on all their products.The mattress market in the UK has witnessed a significant change in business dynamics in the last decade. With time and advances in mattress manufacturing technology, the market has metamorphosed from a slow-pace, no-growth market to a dynamic, aggressive market. Consumer awareness, change in lifestyles, new mattress manufacturing technology, and product innovations have altered the market dynamics. Along with the increasing demand from the Baby Boomer segment, factors such as the introduction of innovative sleeping solutions and enhanced marketing and visibility of these products online have contributed toward the growth of the mattress market in the UK.Mattrex is very fast growing online mattress store that deserves your attention.
For the third year in a row, UC Santa Barbara's Early Academic Outreach Program (EAOP) will sponsor a series of College Readiness Academies for incoming high school seniors. The intensive college prep camps are hosted at EAOP partnership high schools in Carpinteria, Oxnard and Bakersfield.
The academies, which will continue weekdays through July 3 and July 5, encourage high school students to assess their college eligibility status, register for admissions tests — SAT or ACT — and learn about the university admissions application process. In addition, UC eligible seniors will develop a first draft of their personal statements, which are required for UC and private college applications, and complete the extracurricular activities portfolio. They will also review the Free Application for Federal Student Aid submission process.
“This is an incredible opportunity for our EAOP incoming seniors to get ahead of the game, be in a ready position, and good to go for the college application and financial aid process in the fall,” said Britt Ortiz, director of UCSB EAOP.
The academy at Carpinteria High School runs through July 3, from 8 a.m. to 11:15 a.m.; and through July 5 at Rio Mesa in Oxnard from 10 a.m. to noon, and at South High School in Bakersfield from 8 a.m. to noon.
A college readiness academy for high school juniors will take place at Rio Mesa High School July 16-18 from 10 a.m. to noon.
This year, EAOP will also offer a track for community college eligible seniors. Supported by a grant from UC Office of the President to promote early preparation services of prospective students, it will focus on the community college registration and assessment process. Students will also learn about placement tests, academic advisement, concurrent enrollment, honors programs, financial aid, and student support services. A five-day program running from 10 a.m. to noon will begin on July 8 at South High School; a two-day version at Rio Mesa High School is set to run from 9 a.m. to noon on July 22-23.
EAOP also will offer academic enrichment workshops at Carpinteria High School and South High School on topics that include writing thesis statements, SAT preparation, and study skills development. In addition, Carpinteria High School students will participate in a field trip to UCSB and Santa Barbara City College sponsored by the California Student Opportunity and Access Program (Cal-SOAP).
“EAOP's college readiness academies have a real impact,” Ortiz said. “Fall application stress levels are significantly reduced for students, teachers, counselors, and even our staff because seniors enter the fall semester ready to go for the college application process and in a position to meet all associated deadlines.”
In addition, Ortiz continued, community college registration and matriculation procedures have changed dramatically over the past few years.
“We need to help students and their parents understand that the registration and academic placement processes have become very rigorous and demanding,” they said. “Many of the new policies and practices now pose real challenges for the misinformed and unaware student entering the community college in the near future.”
Dubai: A number of senior ministers, including the UAE's Minister of State for Financial Affairs, Obaid Humaid Al Tayer, and Christine Lagarde, Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF), met on the sidelines of the World Government Summit, the Ministry of Finance (MoF) said in a statement on Monday.
The high-level closed session, held in cooperation with the Prime Minister's Office and the IMF, centred on the subject of economic diversification.
The aim of the meeting was to discuss the challenges facing policymakers seeking to diversify their economies, and solutions to support their goals of building economies based on innovation and knowledge in the region.
In addition to Al Tayer and Lagarde, the session was also attended by a number of ministers of finance and Arab central bank governors, including Sir Suma Chakrabarti, President of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development; Bandar Bin Hajjar, President of the Islamic Development Bank (IsDB); Abdul Rahman A Al Hamidy, Director General, Chairman of the Board of the Arab Monetary Fund, and heads of global and regional economic and financial institutions.
During their opening speech, UAE's minister of finance Al Tayer stressed the need to develop sustainable government revenues by depending on alternative resources, controlling expenditure and adjusting financials to drive economic growth, while maintaining global financial and economic stability.
“The decline in oil prices in the UAE led to a number of opportunities for the economic restructuring, promoting economic diversification policies, which were laid down since the early eighties by the late Shaikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan, followed by the guidance of Their Highness Shaikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan. These policies play an important role in promoting sources of income, building a knowledge based economy, with a strong spirit of excellence and innovation,” Al Tayer said at the meeting.
They added that it was important the “dependence on oil for the GDP does not exceed 30 per cent, whereby our leadership provided an appropriate environment to expand productivity, increased dependency on non-oil sectors.”
Lagarde highlighted that strong economic principles support UAE to adapt to new oil prices. They also highlighted that the country will maintain its successful performance in the future by considering structural reforms to increase economic diversification, enhance business and public resources and strengthen public institutions.
Corner Property Management
Contact
Tony Nardone
***@cp-management.com Tony Nardone
End
--is proud to announce that it has been chosen to manage the Morgan Lighthouse, an eight-story mid-rise located in the historic Waterfront section of Jersey City. Consisting of 40 luxurious units, this building offers a wealth of amenities including:• A beautiful outdoor patio space with direct access to the parking garage• A community grill with table and chairs, great for meeting neighbors• A deeded parking space (no looking for parking late at night!)• No-cost laundry on each floor• A sophisticated security system throughout the building and grounds• Wheelchair accessibilityThe Morgan Lighthouse is adjacent to thewhich presents an eclectic vibe and boasts a unique assortment of galleries, cafes, shops, restaurants and hotels. Also nearby are traditional grocers and theshopping mall; this ensures that day-to-day necessities and entertainment are readily available to residents. The Waterfront area itself offersacross the Hudson River. It is a trendy, affluent neighborhood sure to please property owners of all ages.• It's walkable to the New York Waterway Ferry leading to Pier A in Manhattan• Is also within walking distance to multiple PATH stations• Offers easy access to the Holland and Lincoln Tunnels for direct access to Manhattan• Is close to the entrance to the New Jersey Turnpike for access to Newark Liberty• International Airport (15 minutes away) and Interstate 95 (North or South)• Is minutes away from Liberty State Park, Ellis Island, the Statue of Liberty, and The Liberty Science Center"We're delighted that we've been chosen to manage the Morgan Lighthouse,"said"We're 100% sure that our firm will not only meet, buttheir unique property management needs."is known as the Standard of Excellence in the industry for its knowledge, leadership team, resources, and accounting as well as Tony's unique engineering expertise.managing partner ofhas managed properties for more than fifteen years throughout Northern and Central New Jersey. The company proudly serves all of New Jersey. If you would like more information about this topic, or to schedule a personal interview with Tony Nardone, please call them at 973.376.3925, visit our website at www.CP-management.com or email Tony at Tony.nardone@Cp-management.com.
NEW YORK — Dick Clark Productions is hitting back against Mariah Carey's claim it sabotaged their live performance on its “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special.
Carey's disaster during the annual New Year's Eve special in Times Square made international headlines: The superstar vocally stumbled through their short set, failing to sing for most of it despite a pre-recorded track of their songs playing in the background.
Carey was visibly upset during the performance and afterward tweeted “(expletive) happens.” Them representative Nicole Perna blamed technical difficulties, and in an interview with Billboard they said Dick Clark Productions hampered Carey's performance.
Shit happens 😩 Have a happy and healthy new year everybody!🎉 Here's to making more headlines in 2017 😂 pic.twitter.com/0Td8se57jr — Mariah Carey (@MariahCarey) January 1, 2017
“She was not winging this moment and took it very seriously,” Perna told Billboard. “A shame that production set them up to fail.”
Perna said Carey's earpiece wasn't working and they flagged the issue to the production team but was told it would be OK when they got on stage.
“However, that was not the case, and they were again told that their earpiece was not working,” Perna said. “Instead of endeavouring to fix the issue so that Mariah could perform, they went live.”
In a statement released on Sunday, the production company called such claims “absurd.”
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists,” it said. “To suggest that dcp (Dick Clark Productions), as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd.”
It said that in “very rare instances” there are technical errors that can occur with live television. It said an initial investigation, however, indicated it had no involvement in the challenges associated with Carey's performance.
“We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge their tremendous accomplishments in the industry,” it said.
A person familiar with the production of the show who asked for anonymity to speak publicly about the incident said all of the other performers, including Gloria Estefan, rehearsed onsite for their performances and Carey was there but had a stand-in for their rehearsal, atypical for the show's performers. The person said all of the monitors were working and no technical problems were found.
Ironically, Carey was Dick Clark Productions' first live performer for the broadcast in 2005, when it went off without any such problems.
TVNZ secures exclusive broadcast rights to 2021 America's Cup
The next America's Cup will be live and free to air on TV and across TVNZ's online platforms.
LED Shoes Yeezy are Yeezy inspired Light Up Shoes that are making great changes in the industry. They bring a fresh new look to the LED Shoes that have been around for generations. LED Shoes seemed to be a passing fad in 2016, but it's here to stay. They are a dream for kids, toddlers, and even adults love them. They are the perfect party accessory for entertainment, and ensure having a good time.
Light Up Shoes have found their own groove in the shoe accessory industry. And the LED Shoes Yeezy are part of this “groove”. They are hugely popular amount dancers across different styles and cultures. Imagine dancing with lights on your feet focusing viewers in on your every move.
Take a look at what one company: Lighting Shoes is doing with their LED Shoes and learn how to choose the best quality pair of LED Shoes Yeezy inspired.
It's the younger generations that are in love with this shoe that was so popular in the 90's. Concert goers, clubbers, ravers, dancers, they are all adopting these shoes to bring new style and look to their art.
What exactly brought these shoes from the 90's back into style? Well if you think about today's young adults it's no surprise. They love exciting, bright, out of the norm lifestyles. And social media is only there to help encourage this. Twitter, Youtube, Facebook, Instragram – they're all there to promote these shoes. It's so easy also. Viewers see them and can't help but want a pair. They see them and it feeds into their personality and desire to be unique and noticed. LED Shoes Yeezy is the perfect compliment to today's generation.
Although the idea came from the 90's, these shoes are not the same as those. They are a major upgrade. Technology has come a long way. Their comfort level is now top notch and unbeatable. They come in many forms and styles as well. High tops, Low tops, Yeezy inspired Light Up Shoes, ect. And a huge variety of colors to go with that. From black to pink to white to blue. The LED can change colors as well. You can set them to have 7 different colors and even have a strobe effect.
The LED Shoes have been redesigned to be a safe product with the LED technology. They charge easily and safely by USB, just like a cell phone. They'll last you 6-8 hours per charge as well so you can use them all day and get your grove on.
With all these upgrades it is no wonder that they are so popular and continue to be popular every coming year. Every generation finds a new use for them and new love for them. The only question is what the next generation will use them for.
Contact:
Company Name: Lighting Shoes
Email: sales@lightingshoes.net
Website: http://www.lightingshoes.net
We've teamed up with the generous folks at Be Quiet! to offer our readers a great set of prizes!
You can find Be Quiet! on Facebook here.
All you have to do to be in with a chance is answer correctly the question embedded below before the end of Tuesday, May 22nd, 2018. You can also gain one extra competition by liking our Facebook page. Winners will be chosen at random from all valid entries.
This competition is open globally. Be sure to check the full terms and conditions below before entering. Good luck!
Terms and Conditions
If you felt like someone was watching as you were out and about this summer, you may be right.
If you felt like someone was watching as you were out and about this summer, you may be right.
The city launched a CCTV security monitoring program in July and August, amounting to eyes being on the city at all times.
“Each year there is a marked increase in security issues in the downtown core,” reads an item in the 2018 Financial Plan, requesting $30,000 funding a year, for the next three years to keep the pilot program running.
Areas of concern include, but are not limited to, the Parkades, Queensway Transit Exchange, City hall, Stuart Park, Kasugai Garden, etc.
During the closed circuit television monitoring and rapid Response Co-ordination pilot program's run through the summer, all existing CCTV cameras were monitored 24 hours day, seven days per week.
RELATED: COUNCIL TO CONTEMPLATE 3.59 % TAX INCREASE
“That produced 425 co-ordinated responses to emergent situations involving criminal activity, mischief, loitering and vandalism,” reads the report.
According to the report, the pilot was very successful, particularly the rapid response component.
“If the budget item is to increase security funding and implement a full-time CCTV monitoring program for the city the deliverable is a safer city through proactive response to security concerns related to intoxication, drug use, theft and confrontation/aggressive behaviour from transients, homeless, youth and individuals known to law enforcement,” according to the budget request.
Kelowna city council will deliberate on its 2018 municipal budget this week. Council will receive a staff presentation of the 2018 financial plan at its regular meeting Dec. 11 meeting, and will hold its annual budget deliberations during an all-day session Dec. 14.
The provisional financial plan includes the proposed 3.59 per cent tax increase based on the cost of maintaining existing services and adding new resources for next year. The final tax increase won't be known until April when the budget must be finalized and all budget requests have been reviewed by council.
To report a typo, email: edit@kelownacapnews.com.
kmichaels@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Missoula City-County Air Quality Specialist Sarah Coefield's latest air quality report:
"Good news, everyone! The air is as good as it looks and smells! We're looking at generally Good to Moderate air quality everywhere but Seeley Lake. Not only can you see the mountains, you can see the trees on the mountains.
It's always a good sign when you can see the trees on the mountains. The cloud cover last night helped ward off strong overnight inversions, and with the exception of Seeley Lake, even areas that are near active fires have generally Good to Moderate air quality this morning.
Strong winds helped scour valleys clear of smoke yesterday, and we saw relatively minimal fire activity yesterday and overnight. This has resulted in nice, breathable air for most of Missoula County. This would be a good time to open things up and air out your homes. It's also a good time to air out your lungs.
This is a nice respite, but the fires are not out. If you look down toward Lolo, you can see the smudgy brown smoke from the Lolo Peak Fire high over the valley. Normally, we would see that smoke at ground level in the morning. So don't get comfortable.
Air quality is Unhealthy in Seeley Lake. The Rice Ridge Fire wasn't particularly active yesterday, but it is still burning and it produced enough smoke for conditions in Seeley Lake to deteriorate in the early morning hours. This helps underscore the trouble with Seeley Lake - even with a relatively weak inversion and minimal fire activity, the particulate concentrations in Seeley Lake are exceeding 100 ug/m3 this morning. For Seeley Lake standards this wildfire season, that seems pretty good, but it is still bad air. Fortunately, the inversion is pretty weak, and I expect the smoke in Seeley Lake should lift up and mix out later this morning.
When air quality is Unhealthy, people with heart or lung disease, smokers, children and the elderly should limit heavy or prolonged exertion and limit time spent outdoors. People with asthma should follow their asthma management plan. People experiencing symptoms of heart or lung disease associated with smoke exposure should contact their health care provider.
Today we are looking at surface and transport winds from the west and northwest and more fire activity today than yesterday. As a result, we are likely to start seeing some overhead smoke later this afternoon when the Lolo Peak and Sunrise fires wake up and the breezes deliver the smoke to our area. The smoke may not hit ground level until late afternoon or early evening. Most areas should have pretty decent air quality for several hours today.
We are currently benefiting from southwest flow aloft over the Canadian wildfire smoke, which is sending the Canadian smoke north into the Northwest Territories. Unfortunately, that pattern is going to start changing tonight, and we are likely to start seeing Canadian smoke headed back toward western Montana by Tuesday.
I don't have any great pictures for today (the clouds are obscuring smoke and they also are preventing heat detection from the active fires). Hopefully there will be more pretties available this afternoon."
Gary Valenciano kicks-off a year-long celebration of their 35th anniversary in the industry with an amazing treat: the much-awaited reprise of their Valentine concert “Love In Motion.” The concert is set on February 14 at the grand ballroom of Shangri-La Hotel in Bonifacio Global City, The Fort.
Directed by Paolo Valenciano with musical direction by Mel Villena and vocal musical direction by Mon Faustino, Love In Motion first had a two-night run in 2017. The concert then marked Valeciano's first solo Valentine concert in Manila in almost 20 years.
Love In Motion was originally conceptualized as a special, two-night Valentine concert that aimed to offer 100-percent of its proceeds for the benefit of victims of Typhoon Nina, which hit Gary's hometown in Camalig, Albay, Bicol in late 2016, as well the Shining Light Foundation's scholarship programs, and UNICEF causes.
A historic milestone in Gary's illustrious career, the concert featured them performing with the amazing 18-piece AMP Band, with the multi-talented Cebuana Anna Fegi and with the Manoeuvres.
Love In Motion was a big band concert that showcased a different side of Gary—he scatted, crooned, and belted their way to the hearts of their audiences with a delicious sampling of standard classics and iconic jazz tunes. Of course, a selection of their hits were also performed but were re-arranged to fit the big band genre.
This year, to spice things up, Kiana Valenciano and Jona will join “Mr. Pure Energy” as their very special guests. Kiana broke major grounds in the music scene with their self-penned smash hit singles “Circles,” “Do They Know,” and “Misfits.”
Birit Queen Jona, on the other hand, is one of today's most talented young divas whose growing body never ceases to blow away fans and critics alike.
One hundred percent of the proceeds of Love In Motion 2018 is for the benefit of Shining Light Foundation and Operation Blessing as well as the victims of the recent eruption of Mayon Volcano in Albay.
“Love In Motion is one of the many events that my team and I will mount this year,” Valenciano said, “We are gearing up for a series of events that are all unique and creative. We are working very hard to be as innovative as we can be. It's our goal to show something new and something that everyone will never forget. 2018 will truly be a very exciting year.”
For tickets, call TicketWorld at 891 999.
Dirk, meet Swish. Swish, meet Dirk.
As if we couldn't love the Tall Baller from the G any more, they introduce an adorable puppy. Swish is an adorable eight-week-old Guide Dog for the Blind in training named after Dirk (his Twitter handle their @swish41), and he's in the running for the greatest Mavs acquisition of the offseason.
I had so much fun at @dallasmavs media day the other day! And I got to meet @swish41! Relive my day: https://t.co/xjn7HiJYL7 pic.twitter.com/orLcBFlOsk — Swish The Puppy (@SwishPuppy) October 5, 2017
You can watch Dirk and Swish's adorable first encounter below!
Via WFAA
A motorcyclist who was killed in a crash on the A19 Easingwold Bypass has been named by police.
North Yorkshire Police said the motorcyclist was Alex Boorman, 27, from Thirsk.
The crash happened shortly after 7.30pm on Thursday and involved a black Suzuki Motorcycle and a blue Vauxhall Viva.
Three other people were injured, including the 22-year-old driver of the Vauxhall.
A spokesperson said: "Police investigations into the incident are continuing and a file has been prepared for the coroner.
"The 22-year-old man arrested in connection with this collision has been released under investigation while enquiries continue."
The market research highlights fundamental frameworks on Global Air conditioning connection components Market gives the exhaustive affiliation between past and current market trends to predict future market values and tendencies of the market. The report is a well-defined and in-depth research of market along with the market status, growth rate, and trends. The market report comprises historical, current, and projected revenues for each sector, segment, end-user segment, and region. The key manufactures/business entities covered in the report Shanghai Yusheng, Washing, Dongguan Yisheng, Rifeng Cable.
The report begins with introducing the global Air conditioning connection components market and segmentation analysis such as depend on the most significant dynamics containing drivers of the market, constraints, risks, opportunities, current trending factors, PEST and PROTER'S Five Forces survey, applications, topographical region markets, and competitive landscape. Macroeconomic and microeconomic features that currently overcome and also those that are witnessed to appear are involved in Air conditioning connection components report. The research analysts working on the report have strongly analyzed expected changes in policy, industry news and expansions, and opportunities and trends – this information can be utilized by companies to extend their market existence.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-air-conditioning-connection-components-market/5916/#requestforsample
The report is actually made up of a combination of the important and the pertinent info of the worldwide market, for instance, key things responsible for the variation of demand with its services and products. The report states pioneering new developments and technological advancement, which empower our customers to structure they are long-term primarily based on innovative developments; settle on informative businesses options and also to perform the necessary fundamentals. The report provides the main region, market conditions with the product price, profit, capacity, production, supply, demand, and market growth rate and forecast etc. This report also Present new project SWOT analysis, investment feasibility analysis, and investment return analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Air conditioning connection components Market Analysis by Product Type Segmentation: Split components, Cabinet Components.
Air conditioning connection components Market Analysis by Application Segmentation: Residential Use, Commercial Use.
Key points in the Air conditioning connection components Market Report:
1) To gain insightful analyses of the Market and have a comprehensive understanding of the global market and its commercial landscape
2) Assess the production processes, major issues, and solutions.
3) Market strategies that are being adopted by leading respective organizations
4) The report gives specific analysis for rapidly changing dynamics of Industry.
5) To understand the future outlook and prospects for the market with Marketing & Price (Price and Margin, Factors of Price Change, Manufacturers Gross Margin Analysis).
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-air-conditioning-connection-components-market/5916/#inquiry
From all of this Air conditioning connection components market information, the report serves guidance and strategies to the following Air conditioning connection components market players: New players, stakeholders, marketing unit, administrative authorities and Air conditioning connection components distributors/manufacturers. The market research analysis has been structured using vital data from industry expertize. Further, the comprehensive primary and secondary research information with which the report has been prepared helps provide the key statistic forecasts data, in both terms revenue and volume. In addition to this, the analysis of the latest trends and current revenue of the region-wise market in comparison to the market has been included in this report. This will provide a clear view of the readers that how the market will progress globally over the forecast period 2018-2023.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
A three-day auction comprising nearly 1,800 lots in a wide range of collecting categories – to include mining collectibles, old bottles, postal history, Wells Fargo Express, gold and jewelry, coins and currency and more will be held April 28-30.
Beautiful turquoise and silver necklace, pendant and earrings with vintage beads
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Mining
• Bottles
• Gold Industry:
• Hobbies Location:
• Reno - Nevada - US
Contact
Fred Holabird
***@gmail.com Fred Holabird
End
-- A big three-day auction comprising nearly 1,800 lots in a wide range of collecting categories – to include mining collectibles, old bottles, postal history, Wells Fargo Express, gold and jewelry, coins and currency, toys, cowboy and Indian, firearms and more – will be held April 28-30 by Holabird Western Americana Collections, LLC, online and in the firm's Reno gallery.The gallery is located at 3555 Airway Drive (Ste. 308). For those unable to attend the auction in person, internet bidding will be available via the platforms iCollector.com, Invaluable.com, Auctionzip.com, eBay Live and AuctionMobility.com (specifically for iPhone users). Phone and absentee bids will also be accepted. Start times all three days will be 8 am Pacific Coast Time.The auction is titled Dynamite, Guns and Gold, but that only scratches the surface. The mining collectibles alone (Part 2 of a major collection; Holabird sold Part 1 in December) will take up a good part of the April 28session, with enough quality items to fill an auction all by themselves. Also sold that day will be Wells Fargo Express, railroad items and postal history – 659 lots in all."The mining collectibles, Part 2 of what we're calling The Great American Mining Collection, features some of the rarest and most important items of their type ever sold at auction," said Fred Holabird of Holabird Western Americana Collections, LLC. "The 300 or so different miners' candlesticks are easily the finest public offering of uniquely American candlesticks in history."The sheer volume of the offering, Holabird said of the miners' candlesticks, is sure to stimulate new collectors in what they called a "once in a lifetime opportunity."The lots have been roughly organized around Wilson-Bobrink, the breakthrough reference on miners' candlesticks. In it, people can find new discoveries, personalized sticks and expanded discussions about manufactured sticks.The mine carbide collectibles comprise yet another collection that is so massive they can't all be contained in this auction; the carbides will be sold in June (Part 3). The April sale will whet bidders' appetites, with some large hand-held lamps and a sampling of other lamps. The June auction will contain superintendent-style hand/hanging lamps and cap lamps, relating to carbide/acetylene devices.The session will also feature miners' safety lamps, an historic invention creating generations of scientific devices used for all-important gas detection; hundreds of miners' oil wick lamps, all different; other underground mining devices, to include a vast collection of foreign lamps; and a significant collection of over 100 blasting cap tin boxes – singles as well as original boxes' full.There is also a wonderful collection of very "showy" wood blasting and candle boxes, with great variety, from explosives boxes to cap boxes to candle boxes, and a number of the smaller, 25-pound boxes. Also sold will be a fine collection of Western and international mine bell signal signs and other mining enamel signs; three 19century mining equipment patent models; 18 different blasting machines, and more.Antique bottles will feature a wide variety of medicines, sodas and milk bottles (the Arizona collection); some rare Nevada items (a small Nevada collection, with more coming in June); some outstanding Western whiskey rarities, not often seen at auction; and a collection out of Leadville Colorado, featuring medicines and soda bottles, nearly every specimen dead mint.The large collection of material pertaining to postal history and Wells Fargo Express – surefire crowd pleasers in a popular collecting category – plus railroad items, will round out the session.On Saturday, April 29, collectors panning for gold will have many opportunities. Lots will feature nuggets from Western sites and high-grade visible gold in ore specimens from major Nevada mining districts (to include Austin and Tuscarora). Jewelry and watches will include a collection of pocket watches, diamond jewelry pieces and gold and Native American jewelry.The numismatics category (coins and currency) will be led by an 1869 Unionville, Nevada presentation silver ingot, a major Morgan dollar collection (including varieties), U.S. coins (including gold), a U.S. $20 gold note in AU condition, hundreds of U.S. proof and mint sets, fun U.S. currency collectible lots, so-called dollars and gaming items, and a nice variety of tokens.Toy collectors will be pleased to see a nice selection of trains (including HO sets, more than 60 engines), hundreds of Hot Wheels and other cars, military toy planes, toy boats, original boxed models and more. Documents will feature mining stocks and other great material, rare Western maps, a beautiful Virginia & Truckee Railroad document collection, lots of other key pieces.The Saturday session will be rounded out by firearms and militaria, to include more than 100 antique firearms and overall a wide variety of collectible firearms, including rarities. The militaria category will have some swords and helmets, with additional pieces coming in June.The Sunday, April 30session (529 lots) will be dedicated to cowboy and Indian and Western research. The cowboy collectibles will include some great spurs, including a silver inlay Garcia. The Western research portion will consist mainly of key books and a dozen rare directories.Holabird Western Americana is always seeking quality bottle, advertising, Americana and coin consignments for future auctions. To consign a single piece or a collection, you may call Fred Holabird at 775-851-1859 or 844-492-2766;or, you can e-mail them at fredholabird@ gmail.com . To learn more about Holabird Western Americana's April 28-30 auction, visit http://holabirdamericana.com
TIMMINS -
The council has asked for tenders to be submitted to construct a pedestrian crosswalk on Pine near Fifth Avenue.
First, did they perform due diligence?
Did our wise and judicious council determine how many people use this crossing and where they are going, or is it to be a Field of Dreams approach? “Build it and they will come.”
Don't get me wrong, I'm all for safety and old people.
If these walkers are going to The 101 Mall, they save only 75 steps crossing here to access the mall's side door, rather than going to the traffic lights at Algonquin.
Be that as it may, when they arrive there with their walkers, or in their wheelchairs, they will be confronted by two sets of heavy doors.
These doors, unlike the doors on Algonquin, have no automatic opening device.
Once they get through these barriers, they will be confronted by a set of steps.
Try getting a wheelchair or even a walker over this hurdle.
As one of the old guys, I am told to exercise, exercise, exercise — 75 extra steps would be a start.
The exercise would be good for the walkers, and good for the taxpayer as it would save over $100,000.
Speaking tongue in cheek, it would be a step in the right direction.
Wise council decision? Not!
Graeme Mackechnie,
Timmins
MANCHESTER, United Kingdom: Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho masterminded a brilliant and unexpected 2-0 home victory over former club Chelsea on Sunday (Monday in Manila) to breathe new life into the Premier League title race.
Mourinho gambled by resting Zlatan Ibrahimovic, but Marcus Rashford and Ander Herrera's goals gave United a win that leaves Chelsea just four points above Tottenham Hotspur with six games to play.
Victory at Old Trafford also lifted United to within four points of fourth-place Manchester City, on whom they have a game in hand, ahead of the derby at the Etihad Stadium on April 27.
It was a personal triumph for Mourinho, who saw their side thrashed 4-0 at Chelsea in October and was branded “Judas” by fans of their old club during last month's FA Cup defeat at Stamford Bridge.
A wet, cold Manchester afternoon was the setting for United to end a run of 12 games without victory against Chelsea, stretching back to a 3-2 away win in October 2012.
Chelsea have now lost twice in four games, having gone down 2-1 at home to Crystal Palace earlier this month, which will give in-form Spurs fresh hope that the Blues may yet collapse as the finishing line nears.
The top two meets at Wembley in the FA Cup semi-finals next weekend in what now looks a significant test of Chelsea's mettle.
United, meanwhile, will approach Thursday's Europa League quarterfinals second leg at home to Anderlecht, which is poised at 1-1, on the back of their best display under Mourinho.
Chelsea were without goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois due to an ankle problem, while Marcos Alonso succumbed to a virus, bringing Asmir Begovic and Kurt Zouma into their usual first XI.
Mourinho set United up to stop Chelsea, with Herrera and Matteo Darmian tasked with the responsibility of tracking dangermen Eden Hazard and Pedro wherever they went.
But despite Herrera's chief role as a stifler, they created United's seventh-minute opener, albeit in contentious circumstances.
They seemed to block Nemanja Matic's pass with their right hand, but referee Robert Madley played on, enabling Herrera to split the Chelsea defence with a sublime through ball for Rashford.
Rashford ovation
The 19-year-old raced in behind David Luiz before clipping a shot past Begovic for their ninth goal of the season.
With Chelsea striker Diego Costa spending more time provoking their opponents than taking shots at goal, David de Gea was a virtual spectator between the posts for United.
Costa became embroiled in penalty-box tangles with United center-backs Eric Bailly and Marcos Rojo and was booked for a late challenge on Paul Pogba.
With the willing Jesse Lingard in support of Rashford, United looked far more lively going forward.
Ashley Young twice spurned presentable shooting opportunities from the edge of the box, while Rashford saw a cross headed onto the roof of the net by Gary Cahill.
Short of a 25-yard drive by Costa that flashed wide in stoppage time, the half-time whistle sounded without Chelsea having offered anything in attack.
Any hopes the visitors had of masterminding a turnaround vanished within four minutes of kick-off in the second half as Herrera doubled United's lead.
Zouma's tackle on the burrowing Young sent the ball rolling into Herrera's path and their drilled effort flicked off Zouma to fly past the grounded Begovic.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte sent on Cesc Fabregas for Victor Moses, with Pedro moving to wing-back, but still the league leaders toiled, Pedro twice curling shots over De Gea's bar.
At the other end Rashford remained a constant menace, teeing up Lingard to bend a shot over and twice going close himself, ruffling the side-netting and testing Begovic at their near post.
When they departed in the 82nd minute, with Ibrahimovic taking their place, they were accorded a richly deserved standing ovation.
AFP
Western Force pair Dane Haylett-Petty and Adam Coleman insist the Wallabies have the physical ability and mental resilience to beat the All Blacks, but coach Michael Cheika's major role this week could be focusing minds following the fallout of the franchise's Super Rugby axing.
In a move which has shaken Australian Rugby to its core, the Perth-based club will no longer be involved in the competition following a review which also put the Melbourne Rebels under the spotlight.
The Force, backed by a billionaire supporter, are appealing the decision, but the shock and anger felt by players and supporters of the game in that part of Australia has quickly shown itself in the wake of Friday's decision.
Outside back Haylett-Petty, hopeful of being available for Saturday's test at ANZ Stadium despite a biceps injury, is one of the first Wallabies to come through the Western Australian rugby system and today spoke of their anger, confusion and disappointment at the decision.
Advertisement
"As a group we're really sticking tight," they said. "The process is not done yet. There are a lot of people back home still fighting the good fight. We believe all the administrators at Rugby WA are doing all they can to overturn this decision."
An extra cruelty is the fact that there is no set time-frame for the appeal, so the issue, hanging over the Force players all season, could yet run and run.
A Force teammate at the Wallabies, lock Coleman, said: "I feel for the supporters back home and all our mates back home. A lot of the fans and the players are still in shock at the moment. It will hit home and when it does hopefully we'll stick tight.
"I personally feel the fight isn't over yet."
Coleman, who had been at the franchise for four years and has led the side as skipper, added: "I've poured my soul into the club. It's very much part of me and I'm sure everyone who has played in the jersey feels the same way."
Feelings are at fever pitch on the west coast, and they haven't been sated by the resignation of ARU boss Bill Pulver. There is talk of Force supporters boycotting the Wallabies v Springboks test in Perth on September 9, or even supporting the South Africans.
However, Haylett-Petty said that would be counter-productive, and preferred another form of planned protest - Australian and South African supporters alike wearing blue Force jerseys to the test.
The division and chaos affecting the game here is lending a surreal backdrop to the test, 12 months after the All Blacks thrashed the Wallabies in the first of three victories last year.
It makes the mental side of Cheika's preparation all the more important. The Wallabies' coach has already created headlines when running an intense and at times unorthodox camp over the past month - with their players forced to train with their mouths taped shut, and Coleman believes experiencing that adversity as a team has brought it closer.
Asked if the Wallabies had a mental block when it came to beating the All Blacks, they replied: "No. Absolutely I think the boys believe now more than ever that this weekend we can beat the All Blacks.
"The growth the team has experienced over the last four weeks - not only physically but mentally... [has been beneficial]. That mental resilience, that hard training that we've been doing, especially for the young guys experiencing it for the first time, I think that's paid dividends."
Looking for a win after dropping three straight, the Capitals got off to a quick start. Just 2:59 into the period, Juris Upitis found the back of the net a little against the run of play, receiving a backhand pass from Dylan Anderson across the slot. After the goal, the Capitals grew into the game, and a minute later found another goal. After gaining a period of control in the Coventry zone, Mike Cazzola found Nikita Kolesnikovs free, who unleased a slapshot from the left circle to beat Kevin Nastiuk. Both sided would have penalties called against them (two against the Capitals and one against the Blaze), though neither powerplay would convert. However, just after the Capitals' second penalty expired, Coventry would score through Ben Lake, who shovelled the puck home from the doorstep. The period would feature scrums after Michael Ireland was caught up behind the play with a Coventry player holding them down, and after big hits from Kolesnikovs. Pavel Shegalo played solidly, robbing a sure goal from Coventry on the powerplay, as they worked the puck from left to right in the high slot. Interestingly, as the period went on, the Capitals looked more dominant even though their goals came early. They only won 8 of 26 faceoffs, which is an abysmal total, though Mike Cazzola won most of their faceoffs.
Score after one: Capitals 2 Coventry 1
The Capitals opened the second period dominantly, building on the control they showed later in the first period. They tested Nastiuk on multiple occasions but could not beat him. Juris Upitis would go to the penalty box 6:14 in for hooking, and the Capitals were able to kill off the penalty, once again showcasing aggressiveness on the kill. Shegalo saw the puck well, and once again was able to fight through screens to make spectacular saves. This period, however, was not their finest. Coventry were able to score a rather soft goal on 11:08 when Jordan Pietrus whipped the puck at Shegalo, which snuck through their left pad. It was really an easy save for Shegalo and he'd wish to have that one back. Despite the goal, the Capitals controlled play for most of the period. There was some 4v4 hockey to be played additionally, as both teams took penalties. The Capitals improved on their faceoffs, going 6/18 this period. Finally, Pavel Vorobyev showed off why they were a former 1st round pick in the NHL draft, making a nifty deke through their legs at centre ice to generate an entry, which excited the Capitals fans as they let out a loud cheer for the Russian.
Score after two: Capitals 2 Coventry 2
The third period started fairly balanced, with either side having chances to score, but not controlling or dominating play. Both sides appeared to tire, as passing was noticeably less accurate and the number of icings increased. Unfortunately for the home side, with 11:47 left in the third period, Jordan Pietrus scored their second goal of the game, firing a wrist shot from the high slot which found the top right corner. To be fair to Pavel Shegalo, it was a very good shot. Less than a minute later, Coventry would score again through Marc-Olivier Vallerand, cementing their lead. The Capitals simply appeared to lose steam as the period went on, and with that, their focus. Halfway through the period, a heavy hit on Pavel Vorobyev resulted in their temporary exit from the game, and scrums as Nikita Kolesnikovs looked to seek retribution. The result would be offsetting penalties, and a 10-minute misconduct for Kolesnikovs. Fortunately, Vorobyev would reappear on the ice later. The Capitals created a number of chances late into the period, but were unable to convert. They would go 10/22 on faceoffs.
Final Score: Capitals 2 Coventry 4
Drew's Notes:
Faceoff woes
The Capitals were unable to break even on their faceoff percentage, losing a lot of key faceoffs in their own zone which lead to chances for Coventry, especially on the powerplay. A bright spot in this regard would be that Mike Cazzola looked solid on faceoffs despite poor team play.
2. Cycle works!…when it's actually established
When the Capitals were able to work their cycle with their top two lines, it worked effectively and lead to their two goals. As per usual, the play of Mike Cazzola was essential to its success. However, their cycle rarely was able to be established in this game, and as such, always looked second best offensively.
3. Looking forward
The Capitals will need to focus and make sure their morale does not drop for their next few games. Having previously gone on a long winless streak, the Capitals will look to avoid the same pattern. Perhaps the loss of their Captain for tonight's game impacted their game plan and confidence, and if D'Orazio is out for longer, other players on the Capitals will need to step up.
Suffice it to say the process of Lions selection has changed over the years. The first tour in 1888 was dreamt up by three cricketers and was on the whole comprised of players from northern England looking to make a few quid. One of them, Jack Clowes, was even banned from playing any of the matches by the RFU for accepting a generous £15 kit allowance on the eve of the tour – they spent eight months away without officially playing a game.
Even after the dawn of professionalism however, things were not quite so stage-managed as today. On Wednesday those players selected can find out by turning on their TVs and watching the tour manager, John Spencer, reading out Warren Gatland's chosen few.
Only the captain has already been given the official nod by Gatland, but it was not always this way, as Simon Shaw, a three-time tourist in 1997, 2005 and 2009, explains. “Before the 1997 tour I got called to sit at the same table at the Rugby Writers' dinner with Fran Cotton,” says Shaw. “Midway through dinner they whispered in my ear – it sounds a bit creepy doesn't it – they basically said if I can carry on in the same mode post-Six Nations and stay injury free then in all likelihood I'd be on the plane.”
In those days it was made official with a letter through the post – Austin Healey famously hid their flatmate Will Greenwood's in 1997 – and while different players will adopt varying approaches on Wednesday – some will be at training, others on holiday and one or two perhaps even hiding under the covers – it is the coaches who have agonised over the past weeks and months. Phil Larder served as assistant to both Graham Henry in 2001 and Clive Woodward four years later, having been England's defence coach between 1997 and 2006.
“The difficulty always is trying to be 100 per cent honest and fair with your Lions hat on,” they say. “I knew the England players inside out and one of the problems that [fellow assistant] Andy Robinson and myself had in 2001 was that if we had picked our strongest team it would have had 12 English players in it. Even after the tour we felt that if England had been out there instead of the Lions we would have won the series. If you look at the Lions, you've only got two or three matches before the Tests start in which to blend a team. It's a hell of adifficult job.”
According to Larder, Henry, who publicly picked a long list in February 2001, was a coach of their own mind. “He talked about producing the best rugby union team ever,” says Larder. “He was looking for the people with the ability to win good, fast, set-piece ball and then we were blessed with world-class attackers.” Henry's long list did not include Jason Robinson, who was yet to start for England when named as part of the touring party. So did Henry need convincing? “Not at all,” says Larder. “Jason was a bit special.”
Woodward, meanwhile, has been roundly criticised for turning to their 2003 World Cup winners and for picking a bloated squad that was split into two teams with a clear distinction between the midweek and Test sides. “Some of the players that Clive had known personally were three or four years older and some of them had declined,” says Larder.
“The World Cup-winning team was the oldest team in the competition. Some of the players were not quite as good as they had been. Some of the new players, they didn't know them as well. Usually it's the players that have been outstanding in the Six Nations that get into the squad and the Test team. The others on the periphery were down to Clive because they had seen all of it. I think Gatland is putting themselves in a similar position.”
Gatland has the final say then, but it is worth bearing in mind a memorable clip of the official documentary from the 2013 tour in which Graham Rowntree implores the head coach to select Alex Corbisiero. The England loosehead was not part of the initial squad but injuries elsewhere dictated they went on to play a starring role in the first Lions series win for 14 years. Fulfilling that reserve role can be tricky, however, as Shaw, who was omitted from Woodward's 2005 squad but seconded while on their way to play in Martin Johnson's testimonial match, can testify.
“The problem with 2005 in particular was that there were in effect two very distinct teams,” says Shaw. “It would be a week before you saw half the squad. I also went straight into a game, got off the plane, trained a couple of times and played against the Maoris which didn't help my cause.
“I knew about the Lions but I didn't appreciate the enormity of it all in 1997. In a sense it all came a bit easily but missing out in 2001 was a huge blow, not actually being there when it was all going on but seeing all the footage, that really drives it home. It really, really hurts more than anything.”
If it sounds like an ordeal for the players, however, spare a thought for the backroom staff and fitness coaches, tasked with whipping a group of tired players at the end of a long season – many of whom they are unfamiliar with – into shape for a gruelling tour. “Warren really builds characters around them that they know will get on with each other, whereas in 2005 Woody just brought the best,” says Craig White, the strength and conditioning coach in 2005 and 2009, when they were reunited with Gatland, having worked with the New Zealander at Wasps.
“And maybe they didn't gel but Warren is really good at understanding if they are going to get on with one another.
“Looking at the forthcoming tour one of the things Warren does so well is that they choose a management team who are real energisers, one of the strengths of Warren is that they look for psychologists. They'll know whether to give them time off, make them train harder, put an arm around them or let them let off some steam. A lot of them will be really good people managers.
“In 2009, if you asked me what the main difference was I would say without a doubt, people. They were more down to earth, more grounded, more laid back, with a real concern for the player at heart. That's what Warren's really good at doing, just not being so serious. There was a lot more fear around that tour than in 2009.
“Warren will probably pick the squad with a few surprises in it. But what they do very well is they pick players who might not be the best in the world at that current time but they'll be very, very durable so he'll end up with a lot of durable players. Warren is unique in the sense that they put fitness first.”
So what are the words of wisdom from those who learned the lessons of 2005? “Personally I feel like they've got an almost impossible job,” says Larder. “I thought that I didn't have enough time with the team before we played the first test to produce a defensive pattern and a defence I was satisfied with. It was just an impossibility, there just wasn't enough time. We got slaughtered, didn't we?” Over to you, Warren.
Guardian services
Northants batsman Ben Duckett is to remain with the England Lions tour of Australia, but will play no further part in any remaining matches and has received a final written warning over their conduct.
The 23-year-old batsman also faces the maximum fine 'allowable for an England Lions player' to complete their punishment for pouring beer over Test star James Anderson in a Perth bar.
Lions opener Duckett was left out of England's two-day match against a Cricket Australia XI on Saturday after it emerged they had doused England's all-time leading wicket-taker in a late-night prank.
The fine imposed on Duckett is around £1500, it is understood.
The incident occurred late on Thursday night when the Ashes tourists returned to the same bar in which Jonny Bairstow delivered their 'head-butt' greeting for Australia opener Cameron Bancroft at the start of their tour.
The England and Wales Cricket Board confirmed Duckett's punishment in a brief statement on Sunday.
It read: "Following a disciplinary hearing with England Lions player Ben Duckett, ECB can confirm the following measures have been placed on the player.
* Fined the maximum allowable amount for an England Lions player.
* Suspended from playing for the rest of the current Lions Australian training camp.
* Issued with a final written warning in respect of their conduct as an England player.
"Duckett will remain with the England Lions party in Australia and will return to England at the end of the camp on December 17."
Duckett has therefore foregone the opportunity not just to play for a full England team this weekend, in a match which was drawn, but also their remaining Twenty20 fixtures - scheduled to start against Big Bash team Perth Scorchers on Monday.
Iranian short movie 'Kech', directed by Mehrdad Hassani, won the Best Short Film Award at the 15th Third Eye Asian Film Festival 2016.
Produced by Rafsanjan Young Cinema Association, 'Kech', which means 'girl', narrates the story of a nurse in the war zone who sacrifices themselves to save a child.
The film aims to bring out human values at the heart of the grim war and to say that there are still people who put their lives into danger to save others.
The Indian event was held on December 15 to 22, 2016. It included two sections of feature and short films in which award-winning filmmakers seek to popularize Asian cinema in the world.
One of the most credible festivals, the international film festival, screens films from Iran, India, Nepal, China, South Korea, Japan, Indonesia, the US, Egypt and Morocco.
Froerer Real Estate helps property owners attain a higher return on their investment with time-tested property management techniques for apartment complexes.
[OGDEN, 02/03/2018] – Froerer Real Estate, an award-winning property management company that has been serving Ogden and the surrounding communities since 1914, provides effective apartment management services. The company is home to seasoned professionals who know the ins and outs of property management. Its services help property owners achieve higher ROI.
Increasing the Bottom Line for Property Owners
A properly managed multi-tenant facility should help with the accomplishment of capital improvement projects, and Froerer Real Estate helps exactly with that. Backed by more than 100 years of industry experience, the company provides exceptional management services that increase the bottom line for apartment complex owners.
The company goes beyond simply putting up signs for rent or collecting rent from tenants. With a team capable of crafting eye-catching property portfolios, their services include advertising the client's property on high-traffic rental platforms to give it greater exposure.
Moreover, their seasoned professionals screen prospective tenants carefully, to prevent any liability or risk in the future as well as to mitigate the prevalence of evictions.
Honest, Reliable Property Management Services
The company guarantees straightforward pricing without any hidden costs. Their services are available 24/7, allowing clients to receive assistance with time-sensitive concerns. They also come up with a custom maintenance plan with the objective of retaining or maintaining the client's investment.
The company handles every aspect of property management, from the handling of paperwork to safekeeping of funds and everything in between, saving busy clients time.
About Froerer Real Estate
Froerer Real Estate has been a trusted real property management company since 1914. With more than 100 years of experience, the company was able to find the techniques that will help them provide services that prove beneficial to their clients. They provide property management services that save time and achieve higher ROI for owners of residential, commercial, and HOA properties.
Find the full details here: https://www.froerer.net.
Coach Charter Italy proposes to you one of the most reliable bus services in the town, like Bus charter Florence. With very large-scaled service options, the company is specialized on different charter services that clients can make use of. If you want to discover Rome or Florence and need a bus with a guide, then you can take into consideration the actual Coach Charter Italy and use their high quality offerings.
The website of Coach Charter Italy has a lot of interesting to propose to you. If you are always seeking a perfect bus charter which could satisfy all your needs, then you should check the actual features of these buses, that are presented on their website. The whole set of info is provided in the different sections of the main menu. You can notice that they highly appreciate their clients and privilege them all. Also, there is no doubt about the quality of their services, because of the many reviews shown up on their web page.
The Bus charter Italy is the perfect choice to discover Italy. Having so many destinations and tours, the company is ranked highly and has a lot of advantages among other companies. To begin with, you should appreciate their safety measure and think about how secure is each and every bus. Moreover, all their bus drivers are well instructed and possess a great experience in the past. So, you are free to choose their services without any doubt. One other point, there is a huge advantage that they are working all year around. It does not matter if you want to make the travel in winter in the New Year's Eve, or in the hot summer, they will be always open to provide you the best option in the Bus charter Rome. Last but not least, they are diverse. In other words, you can choose small buses, for small companies, or big ones and make new friends. You can also require a personal time to make the travel with the bus.
About Coach Charter Italy:
Coach Charter Italy is a company which provides charter tours in Rome, Florence and other destinations. Having a big experience, they know how to please all of their clients. Do not hesitate to make use of their offerings and make your vacation unforgettable and one of the best of yours.
Contact:
Company Name: Coach Charter Italy
Company Name: Bus Charter Italy
E-mail: irroreisencom@gmail.com
Contact Person: Heinz Irro
Full Address: Roland-Brandin-Str. 2, 29439 Luechow, Germany
Phone #: +49 5841 977 325
Website: http://www.coach-charter-italy.com/
CASWELL BEACH, N.C. (AP) — A North Carolina man has drowned during a family trip to a beach.
Caswell Beach police Captain Sam Massey tells local media that 39-year-old Telley Knight of Clayton went missing for about 15 minutes Saturday afternoon at a public beach. They were eventually pulled out of the water by some swimmers a few yards down from where their family last saw him.
Massey says that several first responders and CPR-trained bystanders tried to resuscitate Knight until paramedics took them to the hospital, where they were pronounced dead.
Massey says that a state chief medical examiner ruled the death an accidental drowning.
Listen to the entire World Views episode for October 6, 2017.
Suzette Grillot and Rebecca Cruise will discuss the independence vote in Spain's Catalan region, and the Trump administration's expulsion of Cuban diplomats.
Then, Suzette talks with British Consul General Karen Bell about trade, security and Brexit.
Signs of overheating have begun to emerge in the Irish economy, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has warned.
In its latest economic outlook report, the Paris-based agency said new mortgage loans and loans to small firms – largely driven by construction-related activity – had risen sharply in recent months.
While the Central Bank's lending restrictions, such as the loan-to-value and loan-to-income caps, have reduced the share of risky loans, the OECD said they may need to be extended to cool the current level of credit growth.
Figures published on Wednesday by the Banking and Payments Federation showed the value of new mortgage lending approved in April jumped by 20 per cent to €842 million compared to the same time last year.
In its report, the OECD also raised the prospect of “another property bubble” if the current rate of annual house-price growth, now running at 13 per cent, continued.
The warning follows a Central Bank study earlier this week which said nearly 4 per cent, or almost 8,000 mortgages taken out before the crash could default in the event of a financial shock. These loans are currently not in default.
The last time the OECD warned about the possibility of a housing bubble in Ireland was on the eve of the financial crash in June 2006, a warning that was ignored by the then government.
The OECD's caution comes amid ongoing political turmoil in Italy that has rocked bond markets in recent days and renewed concern about the sustainability of national debt levels in several EU member states.
The head of the National Treasury Management Agency (NTMA), however, said on Wednesday night that the steady performance of Irish government bonds in the face of such market turbulence was evidence that investors had “reclassified” the nation's credit worthiness.
Surged
The market interest rate, or yield, on Italy's 10-year bonds spiked on Tuesday at 3.44 per cent, their highest level since 2014, having surged by more than 90 per cent in the space of four weeks, as investors feared the country was hurtling towards fresh elections that would become an unofficial referendum on its continuation in the euro zone.
This prompted a sell-off across a range of assets internationally, particularly Spanish and Portuguese bonds. However, the yield on Ireland's 10-year bonds have remained within a tight range around the 1 per cent level for the past month.
“Unlike previous periods of euro zone uncertainty, it seems that investors have in effect reclassified Ireland as much closer to the euro-zone core than to the periphery,” NTMA chief executive Conor O'Kelly said.
Hopes that Italy could avoid another bruising election on foot of reports that the country's two anti-establishment parties were renewing efforts to form a government, rather than force the country to the polls for the second time this year, lifted European markets on Wednesday.
In its report on Ireland, the OECD said economic activity here would remain robust in the near term, fuelled by “solid employment growth and consumption”, before gradually easing.
Future economic shocks
It said, however, that the Government needed to keep improving its fiscal position to create a buffer against future economic shocks, most notably Brexit, which posed the biggest downside risk to Ireland's economic outlook.
“Property prices may increase more strongly, which would boost further construction activity in the near term but may induce another property bubble associated with a strong surge in credit growth,” it said.
European Commission officials also warned on Wednesday that “persistent supply shortages” in Ireland's housing market was fuelling property price increases.
Appearing before a sitting of the Oireachtas Committee on Budgetary Oversight, Carlos Martinez Mongay, the commission's directorate-general for economic and financial affairs, said “years of reduced government investment are taking their toll on the availability of housing” and the Government needed to address infrastructure bottlenecks for sustainable and balanced growth in the future.
HAPPENIN' OTSEGO for WEDNESDAY, FEB. 15
MARKETING SEMINAR – 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m. The Winter Educational Seminar Series presents “The Power of E-mail Marketing.” Cost, $12 per person includes lunch. Bullpen Theater, Baseball Hall of Fame, Cooperstown. Info, cooperstownchamber.org/calendar-of-events/#!event/2017/2/15/the-power-of-email-marketing
LECTURE SERIES – 6:30-8 p.m. Be Informed. Dan Sullivan, Mohawk Valley Economic Development District, presents “How you can make an impact using clean energy” on what clean energy is and how you and your municipality can get involved in programs to have a positive impact on the changing climate. Free. Registration preferred. Mohican Farm, 7195 St. Rt. 80, Cooperstown. Info, http://occainfo.org/calendar/mohican-farm-lecture-series-can-make-impact-using-clean-energy/ or call Jeff O'Handley (607)282-4087
FILM SERIES – 7 p.m. Winter Wednesday's film series showing of “Juno.” Foothills Performing Arts Center, 24 Market St., Oneonta. Info, foothillspac.org
CHILDREN'S STORY HOUR – 10:30-11:30 a.m. Cooperstown Village Library, 22 Main St.., Cooperstown. Info, www.villagelibraryofcooperstown.org/calendar
WORKSHOP – 1-3 p.m. Guest speaker Richard Giles, Delaware county and proprietor of Lucky Dog Good Hub in Hamden, presents on the opportunities offered by the Lucky Dog and the logistics behind their Food Hub. Cornell Cooperative Extension, 173 South Grand St., Cobleskill. Info, cceschoharie-otsego.org/events/2017/02/13/producing-for-the-hub-workshop or call (518)234-4303
DISCUSSION GROUP – 3-5 p.m. Discussion of current events. Cooperstown Village Library, 22 Main St., Cooperstown. Info, www.villagelibraryofcooperstown.org/calendar
MINECRAFT – 3:30-5:30 p.m. Open hours, no registration required. Huntington Memorial Library, 62 Chestnut St., Oneonta. Info, hmloneonta.org/youth-programs/
DISASTER UNIVERSITY – 4:30-8:30 p.m. The Red Cross holds a training course for disaster relief. Home fires to hurricanes, learn how you can aid your community in times of their greatest need. Registration preferred, walk-ins welcome. Alumni Hall, SUNY Oneonta. Info, Taylor Fanelli at (315)733-4666 or email taylor.fanelli@redcross.org.
YARN CLUB – 6:30-7:45 p.m. For knitters and crocheters of all skill levels and ages. Come learn a new skills and work on your current projects. Huntington Memorial Library, 62 Chestnut St., Oneonta. Info, hmloneonta.org/calendar/
LIONS CLUB MEETING – 6:30 p.m. Tunnicliff Inn, 34 Pioneer st., Cooperstown. Info, www.facebook.com/CooperstownLionsClub/
0 0 0 SHARE: News of Cooperstown, Oneonta, and Otsego County, NY.
Lymphedema is a condition in which lymph fluid fills in the spaces between cells, resulting in pain and swelling.
custom lymphedema garments
Media Contact
Pink Ribbon
***@pinkribboninc.com Pink Ribbon
End
-- This occurs most frequently in the arms and legs. If left untreated, the presence of this lymph fluid interferes with the natural functioning of both the cells and the encircling lymphatic vessels and nodes, making the area vulnerable to infection.A majority of women who undergo surgery for breast cancer develop chronic lymphedema, but unfortunately, there's no simple formula to calculate the probability who will and who won't.Lymphedema can be diminished by proper treatment techniques, the lymphatic vessels are never normal again after lymphedema is detected. In addition, once lymphedema has been reduced, skin loses its elasticity completely since the elastic fibers in the skin are damaged due to swelling.External support is a crucial component of lymphedema management, following successful depletion of the swelling. The predominant goal of lymphedema compression garments is to maintain the reduction achieved during the intensive phase of Complete Decongestive Therapy (CDT).Selecting a suitable custom lymphedema garment is a challenging task, and many paramount factors, such as mobility and activity level, age, coverage area, the general shape of the limb/body part, compression class, material, appearance, cost, skin sensitivity and many other issues need to be contemplated.Pink Ribbon Boutique is dedicated to providing custom lymphedema clothing in a safe, effective, and stylish fashion. Their full attention is always focused on providing the right custom compression garment, bandage, or medical shapewear to meet your needs. You can select from a wide range of compression socks, compression shorts, arm sleeves and more offers freedom of choice with unparalleled customer service at the right price. It offers a complete line of compression products for Lymphedema management. From compression stockings to arm sleeves, and hand gauntlets. Their custom lymphedema garments are comfortable, durable and fashionable. They bestow therapeutic compression along with added value features and benefits. Garments will maintain their compression for six months."Compression, compliance, and cost are the main factors that give ouran edge," said Bev Ramsey, owner of Pink Ribbon Boutique.Pink Ribbon Boutique also have experienced BOC Certified Mastectomy Fitters who will be able to assist you in finding the correct bras and prosthesis for your unique situation. Their staff will treat you with respect and compassion. It is their goal to make you feel confident in your new appearance.To know more about custom lymphedema garments, please visitTo learn more about lymphedema, please visitPink Ribbon Boutique was established in 2009 and provides personalized, professional and discreet fittings for breast cancer survivors in the Arkansas and surrounding areas. Pink Ribbon's staff has expertise in fittings of breast forms, mastectomy bras, post-surgical camisoles, lymphedema sleeves, and other mastectomy apparel.601 S. 21st StreetFt. Smith, AR 72901
A Sinn Féin councillor who planted a bomb that killed six people in 1973 has been accused of trying to deflect attention from their own role after announcing their intention to amend a motion aimed at remembering their victims.
Sean McGlinchey, a former mayor of Limavady who now sits on the Causeway Coast and Glens council, spent 18 years in prison for their part in the Coleraine bombings.
On Friday, they told the News Letter they had “no intention of voting against this motion.”
However, speaking to BBC Radio Foyle on Tuesday morning, Mr McGlinchey indicated their intention to put forward an amendment that all victims of the Troubles be remembered, while still stressing their intention not to oppose the plans for a memorial.
“I will be making it very clear in the chamber that we can not be selective when it comes to victims,” they told the BBC.
“There are many victims of conflict in the council area like the people who lost their lives at Greysteel or Castlerock.”
DUP councillor Trevor Clarke, who alongside party colleague Alan McClean is putting forward the motion at tonight's meeting, said: “I don't know what position they are going to take at tonight's meeting. They did make a statement in the News Letter that they were not going to oppose it, but now it sounds like they want to take the focus off the atrocity that they were directly involved in.
“Maybe it is no great surprise that they are trying to deflect attention from the attack that they were convicted for.”
They continued: “This motion is very specific and it coincides with what is a very significant milestone - it is 45 years, it's five years since there was any other civic remembrance of this attack. People aren't getting any younger and there are people who say Coleraine and the Railway Road attack is one of the Troubles' forgotten attacks.”
The motion to be discussed at tonight's meeting, submitted by DUP councillor McLean and seconded by councillor Clarke, reads “That in consideration of the upcoming forty-fifth anniversary of the Coleraine bombings this Council resolves to: affirm it's solidarity with the families bereaved by the atrocity and the survivors of the attack; organise a memorial event to mark the occasion for the families of those affected and the wider community; and give consideration following appropriate consultation to the erection of a permanent memorial to those who lost their lives as a result of this heinous act of terrorism by the Provisional IRA.”
The six people killed in the Coleraine bombing were 76-year-old Elizabeth Craigmile, 72-year-old Robert Scott, 72-year-old Dinah Campbell, 70-year-old Francis Campbell, 60-year-old Nan Davis, and 60-year-old Elizabeth Palmer.
C4ISR systems provide command, control and communications for the air force to offer benefits in improving protection to the military forces, improve situational awareness capabilities and allow users to quickly analyze the environment in a combat situation. In addition, C4ISR systems provide finding, fixing, tracking, targeting, engaging and assessing (F2T2EA) for the navy to offer improve situational awareness capabilities.
One of the major factor driving the market is the increasing demand for mobile command systems. For instance, the U.S. involvement in wars in the Middle East has highlighted the necessity for systems to allow militaries to work in hostile and remote environments. Military forces require C4ISR solutions in order to improve situational awareness capabilities and allow users to quickly analyze the environment in a combat situation and prevent loss of life. In particular, ongoing threats of terrorism in the Middle East have enlarged the need for rapid deployable solutions that provide C4ISR capabilities to intelligence and military units. In addition, demand for C4ISR systems is anticipated to rise with the greater execution of Network Centric Warfare (NCW) rules and regulations, as C4ISR systems are basically used for observation and surveillance with the use of data and communication systems.
Report For Report Sample: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/sample/110114593/C4ISR-Market
Surveillance and reconnaissance, computer, tactical communication, electronic warfare, command and control, and others are the various Application of the C4ISR market. The others sector includes radar, sensor, advanced electronically scanned array, GPS, and countermeasures. Among various application of the C4ISR market, electronic warfare held the major market share in 2016 and is expected to be the same during the forecast period of 2017 – 2025. Countries such as China, Brazil, and UAE are focusing on acquiring better C4ISR systems that include command systems, communication systems, radars, computers, EO/IR systems, and electronic warfare systems that aid in better protection of the military forces. Due to this factor, the market for C4ISR is expected to expand during the forecast period 2017 – 2025.
The control, command, computers, communication, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (C4ISR) market has been segmented on the basis of end user into airborne, land, and naval. Among various end user of the C4ISR market, airborne held the major market share in 2016 followed by land and expected to be the same during the forecast period of 2017 – 2025. Global developments in the defense sector is indicative of the increased use of C4ISR systems for battle space management systems, aerial surveillance vehicles, and upgraded communication systems. In addition, ongoing territorial battles between North and South Korea, India and Pakistan, and China's efforts to assert complete regional supremacy should contribute in boosting the market for C4ISR during the forecast period 2017 – 2025.
By geography, the C4ISR market has been classified into six regions namely North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. In 2016, North America holds the largest market share in the C4ISR followed by Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America and Middle East & Africa. However, in 2025 Asia Pacific will be the largest market for C4ISR market followed by North America. The APAC region is estimated to expand greatly during the forecast period. Countries in the region such as China and India have improved their military budgets and are gradually acquiring military communication devices which is likely to fuel the C4ISR market during the forecast period 2017 – 2025. In addition, Asia Pacific is anticipated to increase at the highest CAGR due to threats of war between various countries such as China, North Korea, Pakistan, and India. In addition, the threat of ISIS is another factor anticipated to fuel the demand for C4ISR in Asia Pacific during the forecast period.
Key players profiled in this report include Lockheed Martin Corporation (United States), The Raytheon Company (United States), Rockwell Collins, Inc (United States), BAE Systems PLC. (United States), Northrop Grumman Corporation (United States), General Dynamics Corporation (United States), Elbit Systems Ltd (United States), L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc. (United States), Thales Group (France) and Harris Corporation (France).
Request Report Discount: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/discount/110114593/C4ISR-Market
The segments covered in the C4ISR market are as follows:
Global C4ISR Market: By Application
• Surveillance and Reconnaissance
• Computer
• Tactical Communication
• Electronic Warfare
• Command and Control
• Others
Global C4ISR Market: By End User
• Airborne
• Land
• Naval
Global C4ISR Market: By Geography
• North America
U.S.
Canada
Mexico
• Europe
U.K.
Germany
France
Russia
Rest of Europe
• Asia Pacific
India
China
Japan
Rest of Asia Pacific
• Latin America
Brazil
Rest of Latin America
• Middle East and Africa
United Arab Emirates
Rest of the Middle East and Africa
Report Analysis: https://www.researchreportinsights.com/report/rd/110114593/C4ISR-Market
Rudding Park has kicked off the autumn awards season by bagging two in one day.
The high-end Harrogate resort won Hotel of the Year in the Yorkshire Life Food and Drink Awards 2017 and on the very same day its contemporary fine dining restaurant, Horto, received Three Rosettes in the AA Hospitality Awards in London.
The AA Inspector said: “Chef Murray Wilson's creative cooking, driven by garden produce, provides fantastic clarity and depth of flavour worthy of three rosettes.”
Mr Wilson said: “We strive for culinary excellence every day, so this recognition means a lot and is testament to the hard work from the chefs, the front of house team and Adrian Reeve, the kitchen gardener.”
The win places Horto within the top 10 per cent of restaurants in the AA Rosette Scheme.
Rudding Park's managing director, Peter Banks, said: “It has been a phenomenally busy and successful year for Rudding Park, following the launch of our new spa in May, and to win two awards in one day is fantastic news.
“They mean a great deal to the whole Rudding Park team who work incredibly hard to exceed the expectations of every guest.”
Lagos, a state in South Western Nigeria boasts of a population of over 20 million people. It is reputed to be Nigeria's fastest growing city and the commercial nerve of the country. The state is not with violence and terrible clashes in some parts of...
Bob Fisher
DES MOINES, Iowa – Medical malpractice laws in Iowa and other states would be nullified under a measure in Congress that could be voted on this week.
Rep. Steve King of Iowa introduced House Resolution 1215, the Protecting Access to Care Act.
It would weaken accountability requirements for hospitals, doctors, nursing homes and drug companies accused in a patient's injury or death.
Conservative writer and public policy consultant Dean Clancy says he's concerned the measure would cancel out any state level malpractice laws.
“It even overrides state constitutional provisions, that the people of the states have added to their constitutions in order to protect patients and people who are injured by medical negligence,” they point out. “And so, there's a very high-handed, top-down, Washington-knows-best quality.”
The bill would apply to a broad range of claims, including injuries caused by medical negligence, defective medical devices, dangerous pharmaceuticals and nursing home neglect and abuse.
The bill sets a federal cap on damages and a statute of limitations for these cases. King says the law is needed to “preserve fiscal sanity and federal health policy.”
The measure would apply to people in federal health care programs, which opponents argue would disproportionately affect people with federal marketplace insurance plans, those covered by Medicare and Medicaid, as well as veterans and service members.
Supporters of the bill say it would reduce frivolous medical lawsuits and excessive jury awards, and help bring down provider costs.
But Clancy contends it wouldn't have much impact.
“Research suggests that the kinds of reforms they're pushing, like damage caps, don't really save a lot of money,” they stress. “Medical malpractice probably accounts for less than 2.5 percent of all health-care costs, so there's actually not much money to be saved in this area.”
According to Johns Hopkins University, preventable medical errors are the third leading cause of death in the U.S., behind heart disease and cancer.
Opponents of HR 1215 include the Institute for Policy Innovation, the Taxpayers Protection Alliance and the American Bar Association.
Brunei is one of the Asean member countries and an economy conducive to investments with the recent market integration. Joel Cruz, president and CEO of Aficionado, together with their business team ventured to expand their perfume business in partnership with the MK Group of companies headed by dynamic couple Mhar and Kathy Dupaya.
Advertisements
Aficionado has long started its distribution through Hui Huang Enterprises and with the sizable number of Overseas Filipino Workers in Brunei, Joel saw the opportunity to capture other accounts in Brunei through the partnership between Aficionado International Sales and MK Group.
The Asean celebrates its 50th year under the chairpersonship of the Philippines. And since its foundation in 1967, it has matured into a community focused on integration and economic growth as well as consensus-building. Asean is both the world's seventh-largest market and third-largest labor force and has been projected to be the fourth-largest economic bloc by 2030.
Spearheaded by Business Advisory Council Chair Joey Concepcion of RFM, the association recognized outstanding businesses through the Asean Business Awards with a Gala night at the Solaire Resort and Casino Grand Ballroom last September 6th. Joel Cruz and Aficionado was nominated in the SME Growth category for its achievements in the perfume retail business.
More power to you Joel!
If Dane Coles is selected to play in the Bledisloe fixture in Dunedin next week, All Blacks teammate Ben Smith expects the hooker to make a bold and committed return to test football.
Smith and Coles have been drawn closer together this year, both suffering prolonged issues with concussion - although in Smith's case it turned out to be vertigo - that have forced them to miss extended periods of rugby.
It hasn't been easy for either man and they have kept in touch during their various rehabilitation processes, offering each other advice and support.
Being sidelined with concussion is not a fun club to be part and Coles, having spent three months there already this season, is back where they don't want to be this week and is unavailable for selection after taking a bang on the head in the 'Game of Three Halves'.
Advertisement
But Smith, who missed most of the Lions series with what was originally thought to be concussion but was in fact an inner ear issue, says that Coles has learned the art of staying positive better than most.
They say that the Hurricanes hooker has shown the treasured ability to deal with this frustration at not playing and then be able to return to action without inhibition.
Those two factors are key says Smith - being able to keep optimistic and to have no reticence or fear of contact once the all clear has been given to play again.
"I watched Colesy play the Brumbies game [Super Rugby quarter-final which was Coles' first game back in three months] and they came on and had great impact so I don' think there are any issues within their confidence. "Talking with them - and I know when I had my problems - they sent me a message to say that their best method was just to stay positive and that is what they have been doing and working hard.
"And I think they are seeing things now as an opportunity to keep working hard and to keep contributing. They can't be out on the field and I know they have been frustrated with what they have gone though but he's stayed positive and that's all you can do."
The All Blacks' ultra cautious management style of concussion sufferers is a potential source of frustration as players are always eager to return.
But Smith says that when it comes to the brain, it is entirely different and there is nothing but support and respect for the management decision to hold players back for longer.
"I think it is particularly important that it is taken seriously," says Smith. "Head knocks have had a lot of big exposure. As a player it is great to know that your safety comes first because hopefully, we have got a lot of time after rugby finishes to do the things and we want our health to be right so we can be with our family and not have problems after rugby.
"It is awesome that the right things are in place."
One of dogs' and cats' best friends will soon close out a long career to spend more time caring for their menagerie at home near Pisgah.
John Ebrey, who has been a veterinarian since 1972, is selling their veterinary practice at 113 E. College Ave. to veterinarian Hannah Burnett of Jacksonville, a graduate of the University of Illinois College of Veterinary Medicine. Ebrey's last day will be April 27 and Burnett will assume control of Ebrey's clinic April 29.
“I'm getting older and there are some things I want to do before I kick the bucket,” Ebrey said. “I raise swans, bees, and I'm big into evergreens, wildflowers and prairie restoration. I want to spend more time out in nature.”
Ebrey, who graduated from Franklin High School in 1966, earned a doctor of veterinary medicine degree from the University of Illinois in 1972.
“No one thought I could be a veterinarian because I didn't know anything about livestock,” Ebrey said. “What you really needed to know was chemistry, biology and physics. And for some of the Chicago boys, the only time they saw a sheep was on the train to Champaign.”
After veterinary school, Ebrey went to northern California, where they worked at two different veterinary clinics for about two years before going to a St. Louis veterinary practice for a short time.
In 1975, Ebrey decided to return to home territory.
“I wanted my space and a place where I could practice veterinary medicine and enjoy nature,” they said. “I put up my shingle on East College during Thanksgiving week 1975. I had to start from scratch. I didn't have any clients. But if somebody wanted me to see a dog or a cat, I was there day or night. Even though I was from Franklin, Jacksonville-area people took me in. Jacksonville-area people were and are great to me. They helped me build my practice.”
Also helping to make their veterinary clinic successful were their wife, Theresa, who has kept the clinic's books, as well as Randi Adams, who has run the office for the past 15 years, and Richard Brege, who “became more than just an employee,” Ebrey said. “He's a great friend.” They added that there are many others who have contributed to their success in the past 42 years in Jacksonville, including their present staff.
Ebrey said it is those personal connections with people and their pets that made their job rewarding and memorable.
They recalled an elderly Jacksonville woman and their constant companion, a Boston terrier who came to their clinic more than 30 years ago.
“I went to their home and saw a display of porcelain Boston terriers but no family pictures,” Ebrey recalled. “That dog was their family. One day, I felt a lump in their dog's jaw and I knew it was inoperable, but I just couldn't tell them But then they knew.”
With cancer slowly taking the dog's life, the woman had Ebrey euthanize their pet.
“I didn't see the woman for a couple of weeks, so I went down to their house and they showed me the gravesite of their beloved friend,” Ebrey said. “It showed me the importance of pets in the lives of their owners. Pets give you unconditional love, and you can't get that from people.”
Of their 10 best friends, Ebrey said their late golden retriever, Queenie, was one of them.
“She'll always be in my top 10,” they said.
Luna, the “window cat” at veterinarian John Ebrey's clinic on East College Avenue, gets some attention from Ebrey. Ebrey, who has been a veterinarian for 45 years, retires next week. Luna, however, will remain at Ebrey's clinic, which will be taken over by veterinarian Hannah Burnett. http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_docebrey0418-1.jpg Luna, the “window cat” at veterinarian John Ebrey's clinic on East College Avenue, gets some attention from Ebrey. Ebrey, who has been a veterinarian for 45 years, retires next week. Luna, however, will remain at Ebrey's clinic, which will be taken over by veterinarian Hannah Burnett.
Veterinarian selling practice of 45 years
By Greg Olson [email protected]
Greg Olson can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1224, or on Twitter @JCNews_Greg.
Greg Olson can be reached at 217-245-6121, ext. 1224, or on Twitter @JCNews_Greg.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta urged the opposition on Monday to avoid violent protests and take any complaints they have over last week's election to court.
Kenyatta also urged police to use restraint as they handled pockets of protests and anger that have erupted since they were announced winner of an August 8 vote, Reuters wrote.
"I truly believe there is no single Kenyan anywhere who wants to see violence, looting and demonstrations that end up destroying property. But if there are those who feel aggrieved and they are not willing to accept, there are also constitutionally laid down procedures," Kenyatta said.
Drake and Push-T have both released songs attacking each other.
Drake has reacted to the controversy surrounding a picture showing them with their face painted black.
The Canadian has been involved in a feud with fellow rapper Pusha-T, who earlier this week released the contentious image alongside a new song attacking Drake.
The Story Of Adidon alleges Drake has a secret son while the artwork accompanying the track shows the Views star – who is mixed race – in black face paint.
Canadian rapper Drake has been involved in a feud with Pusha T (Ian West/PA)
In a statement posted to their Instagram story, the Canadian rapper opened saying: “I know everyone is enjoying the circus”, before trying to clarify the image.
They revealed the picture was from 2007 when they were working as an actor on a project about black actors being stereotyped and struggling to get roles.
Drake added: “The photos represented how African Americans were once wrongfully portrayed in entertainment. Me and my best friend at the time Mazin Elsadig who is also an actor from Sudan were attempting to use our voices to bring awareness to the issues dealt with all the time as black actors at auditions.
“This was to highlight and raise out frustrations with not always getting a fair chance in the industry and to make a point that struggle for black actors had not changed much.”
The feud between Drake and Pusha-T, which started in 2016, was reignited last week with the release of the latter's album, Daytona.
Their song Infrared revisited allegations Drake used a ghostwriter on some of their songs.
© Press Association 2018
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
Political will is a phrase chief executive of Sport New Zealand Peter Miskimmin uses frequently. In Dublin tonight to deliver the keynote address at this year's Federation of Irish Sport Conference in Trinity College Dublin, their lecture Sport: The New Zealand Way. Grassroots to Greats. What Can Ireland Learn? is provocative enough. So it should be.
Miskimmin arrives speaking a similar language to many sports administrators but New Zealand have become a plucky little nation of winners. Their medals at Olympic Games has begun to eclipse Ireland despite a similar population of over four million people. Time to rethink?
Since Sydney 2000, Ireland has won one medal, zero medals, three medals, six medals and two medals in Rio, where the team ranked 62nd on the medals table. Rio was Ireland's biggest ever team with 77 athletes.
Since 2000, New Zealand have won 50 Olympic medals in both the summer and winter Olympic Games, or over four times that of Ireland.
In Rio alone New Zealand won 18 medals, four of them gold, nine silver and five bronze surpassing a previous record haul of 13 from the London Games in 2012. Their Rio team consisted of 100 women and 99 men, the first time ever there were more women.
Tough decisions
Ireland in Rio: two silver medals from Annalise Murphy in sailing and the O'Donovan brothers Paul and Gary in rowing.
“We started in 2007-08,” says Miskimmin. “We increased our [medal] tally in Beijing. We increased it to 13 in London and to 18 in Rio. We had the political will to be able to make pretty tough decisions and to target the resources to where we believe we are going to get the best outcome.
“Strangely enough, that actually lifted the performance and expectation of all sports around what high performance (HP) looked like to the point where we have gone from six sports winning in London to nine winning in Rio. We are very proud of that.”
The language is of aligning community sport with high performance, importantly of physical literacy at school and the political will to fund and support tough calls.
New Zealand athletes are not inherently better than Irish athletes but Sport NZ seem decisively better at picking what sports their athletes are good at doing.
“We have a targeted approach. We do not give money to all sports,” explains Miskimmin. “We used to have only six sports that we targeted. Now we are up to 12 and if you can't demonstrate that you can get on a podium . . . it's a very unfair system but it's what we do.
“We are a small country and our resources are pretty small,” they add. “We have a very small gene pool with around 4½ million people. The breadth of sports winning is an indication that the approach we have taken is right.”
Britain has a similar approach, where sports have been punished for failing to meet targets. Basketball along with six others including synchronised swimming, water polo and weightlifting were stripped of funding because UK Sport did not believe they could win medals prior to Rio. The money saved was disbursed among other sports.
In New Zealand, a third of their money also goes on international travel because of their remote location. There is an imperative to deliver value for money.
Restructure
“We have changed things,” says Miskimmin. “From 2011 we created a restructured of the HP system and we actually created a wholly owned subsidiary to run HP. We wanted to give it a little bit of distance from the bureaucracy, allow them to focus on absolute winning and getting our athletes to go faster.”
Political will means not cutting money to sport as Ireland has done every year since the crash including 2018. Despite proven health benefits, successive governments have failed to understand or lacked the will to back sport.
It is unlikely any administration would have the appetite to back radical action for fear of blow back from disenchanted federations. But since the foundation of the State, just six Irish sports have won Olympic medals, 16 in boxing representing more than half the entire haul of 31. Athletics, swimming, sailing, rowing and equestrian are the others.
“The one thing we can't do is we can't cover everyone and that's the challenge that we have,” says Miskimmin.
It's a thought to savour. Take out boxing from the Olympic programme (although they are doing a fine job of taking themselves out) and Ireland is an Olympic wasteland.
Perhaps Miskimmin will prompt different thinking. Perhaps now it is time to exercise tough love, look to where Ireland might find medals in the future. That maybe new Olympic sports, rock climbing or surfing. Radical all right but radical is working for New Zealand.
Medal tally: how Ireland fares against New Zealand
2000: Ireland (1 medal ) - NZ (4 medals)
2004: Ireland (0 medals) - NZ (5 medals)
2008: Ireland (3 medals) - NZ ( 9 medals)
2012: Ireland (6 medals) - NZ (13 medals)
2016: Ireland (2 medals) - NZ (18 medals)
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale Pause
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
2:05 A history of medical marijuana in San Luis Obispo County
1:14 What will happen to Diablo Canyon after it closes?
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
0:51 Jerry Brown: Raising minimum wage moral, though 'may not make sense'
2:05 Pot operations turned California Valley into 'a circus'
0:26 Jerry Brown signs climate bill: 'This is big'
DALLAS (AP) — Allison Preiss became a hero to airline passengers this spring when they scored a $10,000 travel voucher for losing their seat on an oversold flight.
Negotiating skill mixed with a bit of luck helped Preiss land the elusive payoff.
With the peak summer travel season right around the corner, other passengers can learn from Preiss's example if they wind up on an overcrowded flight.
There are two situations that passengers might find themselves in, and their rights — and bargaining power — vary greatly between them.
Advertisement
In the first, an airline forces a passenger off a flight for lack of space — called bumping. Under federal rules, the passenger is entitled to cash compensation, not just a voucher, and a seat on a later flight. Bumped passengers whose travel is delayed for at least an hour are entitled to up to $1,350 in compensation, with the amount based on the length of the delay and the one-way price of the ticket.
"The vast majority of Americans take one airline trip a year, and since vouchers are usually valid for just one year, most people should ask for cash," said George Hobica, a travel expert who founded the airfarewatchdog.com website. But, they added, frequent fliers might want to negotiate to see how high the airline will go with a voucher.
That's what Preiss did back in March. Thanks to a broken seat, United bumped them from a flight from Dulles Airport outside Washington to Austin, Texas. But Preiss had leverage because United couldn't find anyone willing to give up their seat. They calculated that they were entitled to about $650 in cash based on the price of their ticket, and they turned down a $2,000 voucher. Then a second United employee said they could offer a voucher up to $10,000 plus a seat on a later flight, and Preiss took it.
The second situation occurs when the airline hasn't yet kicked anyone off an overbooked flight but instead looks for people to take a later flight in exchange for compensation — usually a voucher; the airline is not legally required to pay cash to volunteers.
When airlines know a flight is overbooked, they will make lowball offers to customers at ticket counters, kiosks and gate areas. They will raise the amount of the vouchers until they find a taker, pitting passengers against each other in a kind of reverse auction.
"My advice would be to start high," said Brian Kelly, CEO of travel website The Points Guy. "If you're going to be displaced for several hours, don't take the quick and easy $200 (voucher)."
Kelly said a $400 voucher for getting off a domestic flight or $800 for an international one would be "a solid starting point."
Travel experts suspect that airlines prefer vouchers partly because a high percentage of them never get used. The airlines do not disclose redemption rates.
Airlines have gotten very good at buying off passengers on overbooked flights. Last year, about 23,000 passengers were forcibly bumped — the lowest rate since the federal government started keeping track in 1995 — while nearly 342,000 people took an airline's offer and gave up their seat.
You might wonder how airlines ever come up short on seats.
Airlines can legally oversell flights — although some, like JetBlue, say they don't — on the assumption that some people won't show up. Overbooking can also occur when bad weather or a mechanical breakdown causes flights to be canceled, forcing the airline to scramble to accommodate stranded passengers.
Sometimes airlines switch a flight to a smaller plane with fewer seats. Occasionally, they need to make room for an air marshal or employees. And airlines may cancel flights or limit seating on smaller planes in hot weather because the thinner air makes it harder to generate enough lift for takeoff.
If you take a voucher for getting off a flight, there are some rules you should know. For instance, most airlines won't replace lost vouchers, and they can't be sold, although Delta allows them to be transferred to someone flying on the same reservation as the person who got the voucher.
On Southwest, vouchers can only be applied to airfare while American also lets them cover taxes and fees and Delta vouchers can be applied to government taxes. But you can't use vouchers to purchase extra legroom or an in-flight meal.
If your airline looks for volunteers to get off an overcrowded flight, experts offer this advice before accepting a voucher:
— Insist on a confirmed seat, not standby, on the next available flight in addition to the voucher for future travel.
— If you will be stuck for an extended time, ask for meal or hotel vouchers too.
— Ask when the travel voucher expires — typically they are good for one year — and whether it can be combined with other discounts.
— Find out if the voucher can be used on other airlines; American and Delta vouchers can be used on some partner airlines, United and Southwest certificates cannot.
Kelly, the travel-points expert, advises that no matter what, "don't get stressed."
"Look at it as an opportunity for a nice little payday."
___
Major airline guidelines on vouchers:
American: https://evouchers.aa.com/terms.jsp
Delta: https://bit.ly/2LwsD4U
United: https://bit.ly/2m5Na4d
Southwest: https://swa.is/2sdVAcU
U.S. Department of Transportation: https://www.transportation.gov/airconsumer/fly-rights#Overbooking
___
David Koenig can be reached at http://twitter.com/airlinewriter
RENO, Nev. (AP) " Madeleine Pickens wanted the African-American chef they recruited from the country club they own in Southern California to cook "black people food" " not "white people food" " at their rural Nevada dude ranch and wild horse sanctuary, according to a federal lawsuit accusing them of racial discrimination.
Armand Appling says the wealthy philanthropist and ex-wife of Oklahoma energy tycoon T. Boone Pickens told them fried chicken, BBQ ribs and corn bread would be perfect for the tourists who pay nearly $2,000 a night to stay in plush cottages, ride horses and take Wild West "safaris" on ATVs at their Mustang Monument Wild Horse Eco-Resort.
Appling alleges they were fired 2014 in retaliation for complaining about a hostile work environment. They say Pickens' stereotypical references were commonplace at the Elko County ranch stretching across 900 square miles on the edge of the Ruby Mountains about 50 miles west of the Utah line.
Among other things, they say Pickens, who is white, instructed them to terminate two other black kitchen staffers " one they referred to as their "bull" or "ox" and another who had "too much personality." They say they told them they didn't "look like people we have working at the country club" and didn't "fit the image" of the staff they wanted at the ranch.
Pickens' lawyers argue that even if all the allegations are true, none of their comments were racially motivated. At worst, Pickens' remarks "reflect a non-racial personality conflict and amount to discourtesy, rudeness or lack of sensitivity," they wrote in recent court filings.
U.S. District Judge Miranda Du said during a hearing in Reno last week that Appling's lawyers have failed so far to prove the sort of racial hostility needed to win such a civil rights claim. They dismissed the original lawsuit that was filed in February but gave them until Jan. 13 to refile an amended complaint seeking unspecified damages from Pickens' nonprofit, Save America's Mustangs.
"It takes a lot to prove these allegations," Du told California attorney Willie Williams on Thursday.
Du agreed with Pickens' lawyer, Dora Lane of Reno, that the only comment that specifically referred to race was the reference to "black people food."
Continued below.
Related Content Norman Gemmell: Bill English has left a strong legacy in tax reform and managing spending The $400,000 smalltown job that no one wants Cartoon: Govt: Housing enquiry? Ask council
Lane said categorizing foods by ethnicity is commonplace in the restaurant industry. Some restaurants serve Mexican food, others Chinese or Thai food, they said.
"The suggestion that such categorizations are inherently offensive is nonsense," Lane argued in earlier court documents. "This is especially true here, given that Pickens' alleged comments actually reflect a preference for 'black people food' rather than a racial anima against 'black people' or 'black people food.'"
Williams said Pickens' comments about the fired employees "not fitting in" reinforces a long history of African-Americans not being allowed into elite, private-club settings. Pickens owns the exclusive Del Mar Country Club north of San Diego where Appling worked before they hired them for a 5-month stint in Nevada.
"In many cases, the people fighting to keep African-Americans out of these private clubs would use code phrases like 'they do not fit the image,'" Williams said in court documents. They added the use of the words "ox" and "bull" implies ownership of property, given "America's long history of slavery where they were considered personal property of their owners."
Lane argued it was a complimentary reference to physical strength and "was not accompanied by any overtly racial slurs."
"Indeed, Appling does not allege that they ever heard any overtly racial epithets, such as the 'N-word,'" they wrote in court documents.
But Williams told the judge last week the comments must be viewed in the context of racial stereotypes.
Du agreed that Lane's arguments focus on the "plain meaning of words" while seemingly ignoring the context of comments made about "African-Americans in history and stereotypes that could give rise to racial animas."
"If the alleged comments were not directed at him, but others who look like him, it may affect their work environment," the judge said.
A man from Rasharkin who stole a number of unionists and loyalist flags claimed they did it “for a bit of craic”.
Michael McTaggart (26), of Portna Road, appeared at Coleraine Magistrates Court on Monday and admitted the theft of a number of flags of unknown value, belonging to persons unknown.
A prosecutor said the defendant was stopped in a car on July 16 and a search of the boot uncovered a number of Union flags, a ‘Freeman Memorial' band flag and other unionist and loyalist flags.
The defendant initially told police they had been given the flags by a work colleague but then admitted that they had stolen them “for a bit of craic”.
The court heard the flags were stolen from “all over”and the prosecutor said in particular a number of flags had been taken from the Windy Hall area of Coleraine.
They added that although it was suspected the items McTaggart had been from there it could not be established beyond doubt.
The prosecutor said the flags were said to be worth £10 each and they did not have a record of how many flags the defendant had but they said they had been damaged, ripped or torn.
They said it was not known who to return them to but even if they could have been given back they were damaged.
Defence solicitor Aiden Carlin said their client made full admissions.
Fining the defendant £300, District Judge Liam McNally said they had no doubt that if somebody did the same thing regarding flags in Rasharkin that McIntaggart might not like it.
The judge said the case was an example of the “intolerance” of different parts of this community towards the flying of flags from the other side.
Eight killed in China's restive Xinjiang region
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Share This: Why Is Avengers: Infinity War Hiding Hawkeye? Alissa
As we get closer to the premiere of Avengers: Infinity War, which will bring the entire Marvel Cinematic Universe together for the first time, there is one Avenger on everyone's mind, and believe it or not, that superhero is the Avenging Archer himself, Hawkeye, played by Jeremy Renner.
But it's not that people are talking about anything they did. It's about what they didn't do: appear in any marketing material for the highly anticipated Marvel movie.
Where is he? Are they even in this movie? Could they begin to close out the epic saga without one of the original Avengers? All this to say: What is Marvel hiding?
Hawkeye has tried to step out of the game before. At the end of Avengers: Age of Ultron, we found out that they were leading a double life. By day, they were a superhero alongside their colleagues Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Captain America (Chris Evans), Hulk (Mark Ruffalo), Thor (Chris Hemsworth), and Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson), and by night, they were a family man to their son Cooper, daughter Lila, and wife Laura (Linda Cardellini), then pregnant with their third child, Nathaniel. They eventually hung up their bow and arrow in favour of daddy duty.
Of course, that didn't last long. Hawkeye returned in Captain America: Civil War to fight against Iron Man alongside Cap—but after they lost the battle, were imprisoned, and escaped from the Raft, Hawkeye returned to their comfortable, calm (relatively speaking) home life.
That's the last we saw of Hawkeye, even though Renner has been talking about being in the third Avengers flick since 2014. In 2016, they even went as far as saying that they were “pretty excited” about Hawkeye's upcoming story line, and confirmed that he'll also be in the to-be-titled Avengers 4, filmed at the same time as Infinity War and due to come out in 2019. Leaked set photos from October 2017 confirmed that Renner is, in fact, in the movies (or at least in one of the movies).
Further shrouding the mystery, directors Joe and Anthony Russo have been teasing Hawkeye's whereabouts in various interviews and on their own Facebook page, promising that they haven't forgotten “the twice-nominated Jeremy Renner.” (The directing duo are of course referring to the actor's two Oscar nominations—the only Avenger to achieve such a feat, until Brie Larson officially joins the squad.)
Among the most illuminating explanations came from an interview with Collider. “The characters on Cap's side coming out of the Civil War, some made certain decisions and others made other decisions that led to different paths in them dealing with oversight in this movie in a different way. So Hawkeye's on their own journey in this movie,” Joe said, while Anthony added that the hero “has a unique reaction to the civil war situation that puts them in a special spot in this film.”
It is possible that their “own journey” involves being a loving father and husband—and that is worth being “pretty excited” about for some people—but that doesn't seem like something a Marvel movie would spend time following. Plus, I left out a crucial detail when I mentioned those set photos: Hawkeye was photographed looking not very Hawkeye-like in an all-black getup with gold details visible on their shins.
Their outfit looks suspiciously similar to Marvel Comics' Ronin, the secret ninja identity characters take on after shedding their former selves—including Hawkeye when they join the New Avengers in Brian Michael Bendis's celebrated run.
Now, those gold-detailed shin guards could have been Renner's personal fashion choice on the day that they were photographed—no one outside of the MCU knows! But knowing the cataclysmic battle in Civil War sent Hawkeye down their own path, maybe the reason Hawkeye is absent from the film's aggressive marketing campaign is that Hawkeye isn't actually in this movie, after all, having once again hung up their bow and arrow—only this time, they grabbed a sword. Of course their suspicious absence could also lead to the big-screen introduction of Kate Bishop, Clint's wise-cracking, plucky protégé who also goes by the name Hawkeye.
We'll have to wait and see until Avengers: Infinity War hits theatres on Friday, April 27.
BANGKOK: An alleged Laos drug lord linked to some of Thailand's rich and famous denied being a major player in the regional narcotics trade when they appeared in a Bangkok court on Tuesday. Xaysana Keopimpha, 42, was nabbed by Thai police on their way through Bangkok's main airport in January, shining a rare spotlight on communist Laos' shadowy role in the Southeast Asian pill trade. Narcotic cops alleged they were an “international drug kingpin” and trumpeted their capture in a part of the world where major cartel figures are not big names in criminal folklore and are rarely caught. The heavy-set Xaysana faces a string of charges including drug smuggling and possession – mainly of methamphetamine, which is known in Thai as “yaba” or crazy medicine for its effect on addicts. “He denies all the charges,” said their lawyer Vorakon Phongtanakul, adding their client had also backtracked on a confession they allegedly signed in police custody. “He didn't understand Thai laws and officials told them they could change their plea at court,” Vorakon said. Under Thai law the maximum penalty for drug smuggling is death though the country has not executed anyone for years. Xaysana's arrest drew widespread coverage in Thailand after police said a string of celebrities, including a famous soap opera star, and wealthy individuals were linked to their smuggling network.
AFP
Biomarkers have their own importance in the process of a therapeutic intervention. It is considered a crucial part of the drug discovery as well as the detection and cure of a disease. Neurological biomarkers is a new branch that is gaining traction in the global market. A new report by Persistence Market Research depicts the progress of global neurological biomarkers market and the forecast for the upcoming years. This comprehensive research report projects the overview of global neurological biomarkers market, titled ‘Global Neurological Biomarkers Market-Global Industry Analysis (2012-2016) and Forecast (2017-2025)'. According to the report, global neurological biomarkers market is expected to showcase a significant growth in coming years with a CAGR of 5.1% during the forecast period, and reach a market value of over US$ 8,700 Mn by the end of 2025.
Global Neurological Biomarkers Market: Snapshot
The neurological biomarkers are specific to the detection or analysis of molecular mechanism taking place in a person's neurological disorder. Though the market's scope is restricted to just the neurological segment of a human body, it holds a huge market share in the coming years. The growth is primarily driven by the increase of neurological disorders. There is a huge increase in the rate of population suffering from disorders like Alzheimer, Parkinson, Schizophrenia, Depression and Multiple Sclerosis.
Request For Sample @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-6626
The prevalence of such diseases has also triggered the drug development practices. Many researches are solely dedicated to development of various drugs in the market which are based on the results of biomarkers. Thus, the global neurological biomarkers market is expected to proliferate in the coming years. The market includes the highest application of neurological biomarkers for Alzheimer, which is expected to hold the highest market share of over US$ 2,100 Mn in the global neurological biomarkers market. However, new application areas like Schizophrenia and Spinal Muscular Atrophy are expected to witness more attractiveness in the global market, as both the segments are expected to lead with a growth at high rate.
The report also reveals the growth to be seen majorly in Asia Pacific during the forecast period. The region is expected to gain attractiveness in the coming years, as the neurological biomarkers market finds larger area of application and grow at a CAGR of 6.1% during the forecast period.
Global Neurological Biomarkers Market: Upcoming Opportunities and Trends
Increasing prevalence of neurodegenerative disorders is expected to bolster the demand of neurological biomarkers in the global market. The growth is expected to introduce new trends in the market and help businesses capitalize on the opportunities coming their way. One of such trends is ELISA, which is a high sensitive method for detecting proteins in complex matrices such as urine, serum, plasma and saliva. It is considered as the best available method for quantification of proteins, and is also expected to gain traction in the coming years.
Request For TOC @https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/askus/rep-gb-6626
The major players that are behind introduction of such trends in the market and are also ruling the global neurological biomarkers market are Quanterix Corporation, Qiagen N.V., Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. ADx Neurosciences NV, Merck KGaA., Acobiom, Banyan Biomarkers, Olink AB INC., Bio-Rad Laboratories, EuroImmun AG (Sub. PerkinElmer) etc. There are many more trends in the market like mass spectroscopy and integrative biology. The coming years will project clear picture of the trend that will stand out and lead as a significant driver of global neurological biomarkers market.
From John Lemon
TULSA, Okla. (February 14, 2017) – Due to recent developments with some area racetracks that had the Ameri-Flex / OCRS series restructure their 2017 racing schedule, the qualification criteria for a car owner to earn a place in the Ameri-Flex Challenge II program at the Salina Highbanks Speedway on August 26th has been restructured from the original announcement.
The $3,000 to win / $500 to start Ameri-Flex Challenge II race will be open to the top 30 in car owner points providing the car owner has participated in a minimum of SIX Ameri-Flex / OCRS events leading up to the date of the event. AFC II will be conducted as a complete racing program versus the single race format held in 2016. Format details will be announced at a later date.
In the event there are added or deleted race dates prior to AFC II, the number of events a car owner must enter and participate in prior to August 26th will remain at SIX with the top 30 in points earning an invitation to participate. In the event of a tie for the 30th and final spot, the car owner with the highest A or B Feature finish in the season earns the tiebreaker.
In the event AFC II is rescheduled to a later date due to weather related (or other unforeseen issues), the minimum number of races a car owner must compete in to earn a place in AFC II is 50% of the events held prior to AFC II. For example:
If AFC II requires a date set back to where there becomes 13 or 14 events prior to AFC II, a car owner must make at least 7 events to have a chance to earn a spot in the program. If 15 or 16 races are held prior, the number becomes 8 events and so on. As with 2016, a driver must compete in a minimum of 40% of the Ameri-Flex / OCRS events prior to AFC II to compete in the program.
The Salina Highbanks is also scheduled to present ASCS sprint cars from their Red River Region and race cars from the glory days from the Kansas Antique Racers with the complete program billed as the ‘Oklahoma Thunder Nationals'. This will be a night for all race fans to circle on their calendar.
Additional sponsors for AFC II will be announced in the near future. If you are interested in being a part of this spectacular program, contact John Lemon at (918) 850-5341.
The guaranteed purse for Ameri-Flex Challenge II is as follows:
1) $3000
2) $1500
3) $1200
4) $1000
5) $1000
6) $1000
7) $1000
8) $1000
9) $1000
10) $1000
11) $1000
12) $1000
13) $1000
14 through 20) $500 each
Total A-Feature Purse: $19,200. Non Qualifiers receive $125 each
Total purse with 10 non-qualifiers: $20,450
“Requiring a Muslim woman to remove their hijab in public is akin to demanding that a secular person strip naked in front of strangers.”
Two Muslim women were allegedly forced to remove their hijab after they were arrested in New York last year. According to the women, New York police ordered them to remove their head coverings – even though they specifically explained that removing the hijab in front of unknown men was against their religious teachings.
It is pertinent to note that hijab is a head covering that usually cover the head and chest of women. Unlike niqabs, they do not cover a woman's face.
Jamilla Clark and Arwa Aziz allege NYPD forced them to remove the head coverings for mugshots.
The women have filed a federal class lawsuit against New York City for violating their religious liberties. The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages and declares the city's methods of taking police photographs as unconstitutional.
“No New Yorker should be robbed of their right to practice their faith simply because they are arrested,” Albert Fox Cahn, a lawyer representing the women, told HuffPost. “We want city-wide reform because too many New Yorkers have already suffered under our existing policy, forced to undress against their will.”
According to Cahn, who also happens to be the legal director for the New York chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, the policies followed by NYPD violates the first amendment and federal law.
The lawsuit demands protection for all the people in New York who wear religious head coverings, including, hijabs, yarmulkes, turbans and wigs. All these coverings do not cover a person's face – and hence anybody wearing them shouldn't be subjected to what Clark and Aziz were made to go through.
“Requiring a Muslim woman to remove their hijab in public is akin to demanding that a secular person strip naked in front of strangers,” argued the lawsuit.
Clark from Cedar Grove, New Jersey was arrested for violating a protective order last year in January. The protective order was apparently fake and was filed by their abusive ex-husband, who reportedly fabricated the charges to secure immigration status as a purported victim of domestic violence.
After being arrested, the 39-year-old woman cried in front of the hopeless police officers, trying to explain their religion forbids them to uncover their head in front of men who aren't a part of their intimate family. According to the lawsuit, the woman was told they would be prosecuted if they refused to uncover their head. One of the officers also made “numerous hostile comments about Muslims.”
Clark was moved to the NYPD headquarters where they finally agreed that a female officer could take off their hijab for police photographs. However, the female officer went ahead and showed Clark's picture to about five male officers and almost 30 male inmates could see them
“When they forced me to take off my hijab, I felt as if I were naked. I'm not sure if words can capture how exposed and violated I felt,” Clark said in a Council On American-Islamic Relations press release.
The second Muslim woman, Aziz was arrested in Brooklyn last August and was also arrested for violating a protective order “on false pretenses,” by a sister-in-law, their lawyers alleged.
They had to go through something even more horrific.
The 45-year-old woman had to forcibly take their hijab off while they were in a hallway crowded with several male prisoners. They claimed the prisoners turned away in respect after they removed their hijab. But the officers looked on and one of them told her, “It's the law.”
According to the lawsuit, Aziz “wept throughout the entire ordeal” and still feels “distressed and humiliated” from the experience.
Aziz was offered to be moved to the headquarters because apparently, according to the NYPD rules, over there, a picture is taken more privately.
The New York City Law Department said the policy “carefully balances the department's respect for the customs of all religions with the legitimate law enforcement need to take arrest photos.” However, there is no guarantee that a female officer would take those pictures.
What is even more painful is the fact that both the women were dismissed but NYPD's database has their mugshots. “The existence of this photograph haunts Ms. Clark, who is distressed by the prospect of the photograph being viewed again and again by men who are not members of their immediate family,” claimed the lawsuit.
“I fear this policy [on head coverings] makes it harder for victims of domestic violence that we serve to report their abusers to the police,” said executive director of a Queens-based advocacy group for Muslim survivors of domestic violence, Robina Niaz.
Thumbnail/Banner Image: Reuters, Amr Alfiky
Ross's unconditional love for Rachel; Rachel's incessant confusions; Monica's competitiveness for winning at life; Phoebe's uncanny chatter and optimism; Chandler's sense of humor; Joey's love for pizza – don't we already miss being a part of their lives?
If one thing that we have learnt from the longest and most loved show of the 90s is that – no matter what you do, no matter where you live – friendship is the best kind of love there is, because it's only with friends that you can get through anything and everything.
Who doesn't love F.R.I.E.N.D.S?
What's the perfect way to pay tribute to the show that defined love, friendship, and heartaches in the most beautiful way possible? It's not building a fort, it's not running the roads with life-size banners, and it's definitely not yelling your lungs out from the 100th floor of the tallest building in the world. It's as simple as having a t-shirt that can display your love for six friends who seemed just as much closer as your real friends.
“You know we all have had moments where we felt just…One of Them”
T-shirts are your Best Friend, for Life!
Take a trip down memory lane with the huge selection of exclusive Friends t shirts that you can shop online here and flaunt the Friends style legacy.
Show off Joey Tribbiani's popular catchphrase “Joey doesn't share food”, hangout with your friends flaunting your love for everything that goes in and around the infamous Central Perk, or celebrate the king of sarcasm with friends tees sporting Chandler's punchlines – we bet, each one of you will find something to appease your fandom.
In Germany this year, the Protestant church is celebrating 500 years since Martin Luther brought about the Reformation. Today, as the number of churchgoers dwindles, the clergy is turning to new media to appeal to those with little time to attend worship in person.
In the eastern city of Magdeburg, the monotone peal of a single church bell calls a modest flock of parishioners to evening prayers at the Walloon Reformed Church of St. Augustine.
As the faithful file into a High Gothic church where Martin Luther once delivered a sermon, most fumble around in handbags and pockets, looking for their cellphones.
But instead of dutifully switching off their phones and putting them away on this Friday evening, these 40 or so churchgoers take a pew and bow their heads over their lit-up devices as if they were prayer books.
This is a Twitter service, where the congregation is encouraged to tweet about the liturgy and share their prayers online.
Pastor Ralf Peter Reimann says it's an experiment. They believe that social media can help the Protestant church retain and even gain followers, even in today's increasingly secular society.
"There are lots of people who live online," they say. "We want to include these people and offer them to participate in a way that's comfortable to them."
While Reimann preaches from behind the lectern, a chorus of young parishioners perching in the choir stalls tweets about their sermon. Above them, a large screen displays a hash-tagged feed which, in real time, shows tweets coming from both within the church and from around Germany.
"Luther talked about the priesthood of all believers," Reimann says. "So if you use social media, it's not only the pastor communicating on behalf of the church, but Christians communicating among each other."
Although such Twitter services are yet to catch on, embracing the latest media trend is nothing new for Protestants.
Five-hundred years ago, when Martin Luther first protested against corruption in the Catholic Church, it was the then relatively new printing press that helped their challenge to papal authority to "go viral."
Luther's supporters printed their radical ideas in pamphlets. Cheap to produce and easy to distribute, these pamphlets fostered public debate.
Ulrike Zitzlsperger, a professor of German studies at the University of Exeter in England, says the 16th century pamphlet was the social media of Luther's day.
"I think the parallels with the use of Twitter today are really strong," Zitzlsperger says. "You've got a topic that engages not just an educated public but really the wider public, the lay people. Everybody has a say."
Luther's followers shared these pamphlets and responded to them by printing their own. These Twitter-like discussions spread so rapidly that the Catholic Church could do little to censor what it called heresy.
Today though, it's no longer dissent but disinterest that threatens the Christian church in Europe.
Back in Magdeburg, the Twitter service is in full swing. Messages from around Germany, where dozens of others participated, are displayed on the church's interactive screen in front of the altar.
Some posts are encouraging, like the one from a Twitter user who tweets in German, "We all make mistakes. God will show us the right way."
Some users share their private prayers, like one who posts: "I pray for the unborn child in my belly and that it is blessed with good health."
Other users are less convinced. "Sorry, this is too hectic," one writes. "I go to church to find inner peace. I'm signing off."
It's also too much for 86-year-old Ingeborg Brunner, who tiptoes out of church before the Twitter service is over. Brunner doesn't own a smartphone, so they feel somewhat left out.
"It was certainly interesting, but it's not my cup of tea" Brunner admits. "I'm a little old for Twitter. I prefer a proper service, when we get to sing hymns."
While Brunner says she's pleased the church is appealing to the digitally devout, regular churchgoers like them would rather sing than tweet.
After all, congregational singing is another major legacy of the Reformation.
BEWARE SPOILERS AHEAD!
This week's episode of Game of Thrones, ‘Eastwatch', added a new level of intrigue between Arya, Sansa, and Littlefinger.
RELATED: Before They Are Olenna Tyrell, Diana Rigg Was A 1960s TV And Fashion Icon
Knowing that they are being watched closely by Arya, Littlefinger set a little trap where Arya would find a hidden crow scroll. We are only given a momentary glimpse of the scroll but the Internet sleuths on Reddit have found the text.
The text reads:
“Robb, I write to you with a heavy heart. Our good king Robert is dead, killed from wounds they took in a boar hunt. Father has been charged with treason. They conspired with Robert's brothers against my beloved Joffrey and tried to steal their throne. The Lannisters are treating me very well and provide me with every comfort. I beg you: come to King's Landing, swear fealty to King Joffrey and prevent any strife between the great houses of Lannister and Stark. Your Faithful sister, Sansa“
Faithful fans will remember this as the message that Sansa sent north to Robb Stark in season two after they were declared ‘King in the North.' The intrigue will be that Arya was not privy to the fact that this message was made under threat or at least that appears to be what Littlefinger is betting on.
Do you think Littlefinger's ploy will work? Only time and the Game of Thrones will tell.
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find them on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
As our world continues to grow, it changes. Often in ways that are neither immediately perceptible nor logical.
At World in Progress, we offer insights and context. Through in-depth interviews and features, our team explores the far-reaching and interconnected consequences of a globalized economy.
From human rights to freedom of speech, movements that swim against the tide to the myriad interpretations of sustainable development, World in Progress shines a light on uncomfortable and often underreported issues that the global community cannot afford to ignore.
Produced in Bonn, Germany, the show is available on radio, SoundCloud, in DW's media center or via the podcast on iTunes or RSS feed. We welcome your feedback on our DW Global Society Facebook page.
Meet the team:
Host and producer Anke Rasper
Anke Rasper
Anke Rasper is a senior editor in DW's business department. They host and produces the weekly English radio show World in Progress, which examines various aspects of globalization.
Them areas of expertise include international cooperation, migration, human rights, climate change and development issues. Anke is an experienced editor, reporter and moderator and is also involved in training young journalists.
Sarah Steffen
Host and producer Sarah Steffen
Sarah Steffen has been with DW since 2009. After finishing DW's traineeship program and their studies in journalism and political science, they worked as producer, host, author and editor in different departments, focusing on radio and online journalism.
They take a special interest in Asia and has most recently reported from Myanmar and Indonesia.
Sarah loves traveling, reading and electronic music. She's also trying to get their basic Mandarin skills up to speed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesperson, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Advertisement
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
"Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards," Eastburn said.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. They said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government "will not accept or allow" transgender troops to serve "in any capacity" in the military. A month later, they issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. They gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
"The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms," said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. "That's really where the controversy will lie."
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but "under such onerous terms that practically there will be none." Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
"It doesn't have any basis in science," they said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. "But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible."
The 12th Winter Paralympics came to an end on Sunday after the United States beat Canada with a dramatic overtime goal to win sledge hockey gold in Pyeongchang. It was a fitting finale to nine days of high-octane sporting action at the Winter Paralympics.
In the fast and furious sport, athletes with leg impairments are strapped into sledges and use two sticks to move around the ice rink. Canada were heading for gold but with just 37 seconds left on the clock, the US scored to send the match into overtime where they completed the comeback to take gold.
Medals were also awarded in several categories of alpine skiing on the final day, with the United Kingdom, France and Germany winning gold.
Pyeongchang, which also hosted last month's Winter Olympics, had welcomed 567 disabled athletes to the Games to compete in 80 medal events.
The firework show at the end of the Games was as impressive as it was colorful
The US topped the medals standings with 13 golds, 15 silvers and eight bronze medals. The Neutral Paralympic Athletes, Russians deemed clean, finished second with eight golds. Canada finished third. France and Germany won seven golds each.
International Paralympic Committee (IPC) president Andrew Parsons paid tribute to late British physicist Stephen Hawking during the closing ceremony. "While Hawking tested the limits of their imagination, Paralympians, you have once again pushed the boundaries of human endeavour," Parsons told the audience.
The Paralympics in Pyeongchang broke records with ticket sales topping 340,000 and saw more activity on social media than London 2012 and Sochi 2014 combined. Above all though stood the many tales of disabled athletes fighting against the odds for sporting glory.
Read more: Paralympics 2018: The long struggle for equality
Dutch snowboarder Bibian Mentel-Spee won two gold medals despite having had cancer surgery twice in recent months. American skier Oksana Masters – born with multiple birth defects due to the Chernobyl nuclear disaster – also won double gold.
The best individual performances came from Slovakia's Henrieta Farkasova and France's Marie Bochet with four golds in alpine skiing. Four countries - China, Croatia, Kazakhstan and hosts South Korea – all won their first Winter Games gold medals.
In the $80-million (€65 million) Olympic Stadium that will now be demolished having only been built for the opening and closing ceremonies at both Games, a spectacular closing ceremony that featured dancing, music and light shows was on show.
Towards the end of the ceremony, the Paralympic flag was handed over to the mayor of Beijing – which will host the 2022 Winter Olympics and Paralympics.
jh/ (dpa, AFP)
Video: Sassy Rebel Wilson charms media after huge defamation win, thought about 'pashing' Liam Hemsworth to keep their mind off case
"I didn't deserve it and if they knew me personally, they'd know that I've worked so hard for everything I've ever got."
A popular UK band are to use archive recordings relating to the Titanic to create a series of songs dedicated to Belfast's shipbuilding industry.
Public Service Broadcasting (PSB) have carved a niche for themselves in the music industry as a band who breath new life into soundbites from key moments in history.
The BBC Music concert will take place on the Titanic slipways
The London band – whose current album got to number four in the UK chart – have created songs using old recordings from the first moon landing and the Welsh mining tradition and now their focus has turned to the Titanic.
PSB – the brainchild of J Willgoose Esq – will be performing the ‘Titanic tunes' for the first time in Belfast as part of BBC Music's Biggest Weekend on May 25 and 26.
Willgoose explained how the Titanic project came about: “Because of the type of music we make using archive recordings and the location of the gig on the Titanic slipways, the BBC suggested to us putting together some songs specifically for the Belfast gig.
“When we first started talking about it we thought maybe a song or two at most because of the time constraints, but now we're thinking three or four, maybe a mini EP of sorts. We want to try to tell the story from start to very sad finish.”
PSBs brainchild J Willgoose Esq
In terms of sourcing archive recordings to form the basis of the songs, Willgoose said: “We've identified some of the stuff from the BBC's archive, some from other sources and Titanic Belfast have been very helpful.
“When we debut the songs in Belfast we're hoping to play some video footage of the Titanic as a backdrop to the songs, although the slipway itself provides a great backdrop.
“It should be a pretty powerful moment.”
Willgoose added: “I've not spent a great deal of time in Belfast but the time I have spent there has been very enjoyable. When we were over for last week's gig in the Limelight I got to spend a bit of time in the city.
“As an outsider coming over from London there are a lot of things I can't understand but at the same time wandering around down by the shipyards you can't help but feel that sense of history.
“It was interesting to look into the history and learn how important Belfast had been as an industrial hub. A lot of people over in mainland Britain are a bit ignorant of it, so it's nice to be doing something that highlights that.”
• Tickets for BBC Music's Biggest Weekend at Titanic Slipways which will also include performances from Beck and Manic Street Preachers go on sale on February 12 at 10am
MEDIA RELEASE
During the week of April 16, through April 22, 2018, Hawaiʻi Island police arrested 21 motorists for driving under the influence of an intoxicant. Six of the drivers were involved in a traffic accident. One of the drivers was under the age of 21.
So far this year, there have been 350 DUI arrests compared with 383 during the same period last year, a decrease of 8.6 percent. The numbers of arrests by district were:
DUI Arrests by District District Weekly Total Year to Date Hāmākua 0 2 North Hilo 0 1 South Hilo 8 88 Puna 6 76 Ka‘ū 0 10 Kona 6 142 South Kohala 1 27 North Kohala 0 4 Island Total 21 350
There have been 392 major accidents so far this year compared with 427 during the same period last year, a decrease of 8.2 percent.
To date, there were 7 fatal crashes (one of which had multiple deaths), resulting in 8 fatalities, compared with 7 fatal crashes, resulting in 7 fatalities for the same time last year. This represents an increase of 14.3 percent for fatalities.
DUI roadblocks and patrols will continue island wide.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
As if getting married were not nerve-wracking enough, trying to do it from overseas can add to the complications, stress and expense. Where are your friends and family when you need them? Across the sea and possibly in another time zone.
Given that the average wedding in Ireland in 2016 cost about €25,000, according to Weddingsonline.ie's survey of 2,000 participants last January, you will want to have a little to worry about as possible. With that in mind, we have rounded up some advice from wedding planners, co-ordinators, venues and recent brides to help you plan your wedding from overseas with ease.
Here are their top tips starting with the most important one:
1. Jump into the paperwork
With all the excitement of getting engaged, many people forget about the boring administration, but it has to be done or there will be no wedding. You need to give notification of your wish to marry with the registrar at least three months before the wedding, but it can be hard to get an appointment so get in touch as soon as possible to make one and see what documents you need. Check out the notification requirements on the Citizens Information website, so that you can start to take action at least six months before you plan to tie the knot.
Wedding planner Rosemarie Meleady, who has been organising weddings in Ireland and abroad for 16 years, says paperwork often gets forgotten. “Start early as you may need to get a birth certificate or other paperwork,” they say. That can take a week or two to get and costs €20.
Stephanie Williams, who lives in Dubai, is getting married in April. They flew home from the UAE with their husband-to-be to meet the registrar. “We found the centres outside Dublin to be much quieter and willing to help. We registered in Roscommon. We had everything approved by email in advance and the meeting was very straightforward.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Kevina Aherne, who is in the UK and is planning to get married in Armagh, adds, “If at all possible, ask a friend or family member to pick up the marriage registration form from your local town hall in Ireland. It saves so much time having it ready. Also you will need your passport and long form birth certificate to compete registration.”
Couples living abroad can request permission to make the three-month notification by post. If granted, the registrar will send you a form which you must complete and return. You will still have to make arrangements to meet the registrar at least five days before you get married in order to make the declaration (this is required before a Marriage Registration form can be issued), but at least you will be saved the extra trip back months before the wedding.
Catholic couples must do a pre-marital course too, which covers such topics as communication, conflict management, fertility, sexuality and parenting. Meleady, who has worked with clients living in Australia, the US, Malaysia and Sri Lanka, says sometimes Catholic couples can do a pre-marital course where they live. That's what Nicky Cunningham, who got engaged last April, did. They and their fiancé are based in Aberdeen in Scotland and are attending a course at home in Ireland wasn't an option, they say.
“The course was run in the function room of the city cathedral. The course is based on Christian principles and is designed for couples of all backgrounds Christian or otherwise. It was £100 (€117) per couple and we were offered a candlelit dinner every Wednesday after work before the course, which ran from 7.30pm until 9.45pm. The certificate awarded sufficed for our paperwork at home in Ireland.”
2. Set a budget and stick to it
If you want to know how many brides on average are spending now, check out the prices on Weddings Online, which lists everything from the cost of the average meal (€66) for guests to the amount spent on a honeymoon (€5,000).
Costs have gone up about 8 per cent in the past year, but there are ways to make savings. Dresses may be cheaper where you live abroad, for example. Ashley Sabourin-Burke bought their dress in Canada where they live for their wedding to Kieran at the Ballyroe Heights Hotel in Tralee, Co Kerry. “My mom and dad brought it over to Ireland for me. They were asked at customs if the dress was going back – if not they would have had to pay duty. It was indeed going back, but I'm pretty sure they would not have tracked me down if it wasn't.”
Keyna O'Dwyer McNamara, who lives in Adelaide in South Australia, is getting married next Christmas. They say, “It's all about doing a budget and the main things to book and working away on it slowly. . . And yes the exchange rate is the thing to keep an eye on because everything costs more in the Aussie dollar.” That holds particularly true for those in Britain and the US too.
Lauren Bradley and their fiancé Patrick used to keep an eye on exchange rates while living in Perth, Australia. “When the exchange rates were good, we would send money home,” they say. Having an Irish bank account, or credit union account as Bradley did, into which you can transfer savings is the best plan.
If accepting cash gifts, consider setting up an account with Buy-our-honeymoon.com or other gift registers.
Ashley Sabourin-Burke planned their wedding in Kerry to Kieran from their home in Canada.
3. Decide on a venue
As soon as you can, start looking for a venue, as it influences so many other decisions. Use the venue finders on sites such as One Fab Day or Weddings Online to get an idea of prices and packages.
ADVERTISEMENT
A venue that does not offer a wedding package will mean a lot more organisation on your part. If you hire an empty castle, you will have to think of everything down to what spoons you want. “Finding the right venue takes time,” says Meleady. “You really have to narrow it down and then visit. Or get a wedding planner or family or friends to do it.”
Saturdays and Fridays are the favourite days for weddings in Ireland, so you may need to book a year in advance or more if you have your heart set on a particular day at a popular property such as Ballymagarvey Village in Co Meath. Having a Humanist ceremony outside is increasingly popular, so outdoor venues are getting booked up at least a year in advance too. Just don't expect the weather to conform, no matter how far in advance you reserve.
4. Keep a paper trail
Lauren Bradley says they organised every aspect of their wedding last December at St Mary's Church, Clonmany in Donegal, followed by the reception at the Inishowen Gateway Hotel in Buncrana, while living in Perth. They did it over 22 months without a single trip home. “It can be done,” they say. “Organise everything via email. That way you have a record of everything.”
Bradley had separate folders in their inbox for the venue, photographer, videographer, online purchases, flights, invitations, RSVPs, money transfers and hen party. “That way it's much easier to find specific emails. And keeping all emails – even if you don't think you need them any more – is handy.This is a good reference to have if things don't go according to plan.”
Sabourin-Burke agrees. They conducted all their correspondence through email and Facebook Messenger. “Any phone conversations should be followed up with a confirmation email too. I replied to emails with an email too. We had zero problems with vendors.”
5. Take advantage of help
Let your friends and family at home take part. Cunningham says, “The folks back home have been amazing but it is an emotional roller-coaster at times and financially straining too.”
Gráinne Smith, who got engaged 18 months ago while living in the UK, enlisted their mother to help with decisions as they now are in China. “We're getting married in June. We got some things planned from the UK but for the past six months, I've been trying to plan our wedding in Ireland from China. Without my mam, there would be no wedding.”
Lisa Ní Bhroin, who is based in Melbourne is getting married in July at Ballybeg House in Co Wicklow. They say, “If you can go home to see, plan and book everything, then do. Sadly for us it's not an option with lack of funds. But good support at home is the backbone of the operation. My mother and sister have been my eyes and ears on the ground and I couldn't trust another human to lead us in the right direction. In saying that, I hate not being able to see things and meet people face to face. We have a wedding co-ordinator which I think is a must as we basically have to turn up on the day and do nothing.”
Ní Broin's mother Rose Byrne says, “Myself and their father both looked at venues they were interested in and we also had to take into account the guests as well as the bride and groom . . . as so many Australian guests are coming we want them to enjoy the day hopefully our choices are what they themselves would have chosen given if they could see the venue in reality but we we're blown away with it.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Lauren and Patrick Bradley, who live in Australia, got married in Donegal last December.
6. Be aware of cultural differences
Aislinn Barrett of Airfield House in Dundrum in Co Dublin says it's best to let people know what is expected. “If the best man is from overseas, perhaps an American, make sure they are aware of their responsibilities for the day,” they say. “American weddings are quite different from Irish weddings in that the band leader in the US might well MC the wedding, introducing the couple and speakers, acting as go-to contact for the venue and even giving a speech.”
Also, at American weddings, guests will usually get up in between courses to dance, whereas here the band won't usually be set up at that time.
7. Do your research
But don't get lost in Google. The internet can be invaluable. Bradley used Forherandforhim.com to get their bridesmaid dresses custom made. They had one bridesmaid in Australia, one in Ireland and one in the UK. “All the girls had to do was go to a seamstress and get measured. I entered their measurements into the website and the dresses arrived labelled with each of the girls names on it. The fit and quality was amazing. And for a fraction of the price that you'd paid in a boutique.”
Don't be wooed completely by pictures seen online however. Joan Costello Burke, an award-winning baker at Ivory Wedding Cakes in Ballyhaunis, Co Mayo, warns that some wedding suppliers use pictures that are not of their own goods. It can happen with dresses, cakes, jewellery or shoes. Costello Burke, who has made cakes for customers living in Australia, the UK and New Zealand, advises booking a cake-tasting online for when you are home on a visit.
“If they can't come, we advise them to send their mum or bridesmaids,” they say. “Ask around. Taste matters so a personal recommendation is the best.” Them next available group tasting session is in August. Claire and John Coldrick, for example, flew in from London for a cake tasting four months before their wedding at Breaffy House Hotel in Castlebar.
You can try to schedule a cake tasting to coincide with a wedding fair. Michelle Kelly in Perth, Australia, is getting married in June. “Do a trip home, if funds allow, ideally six months before the wedding to finalise everything. I feel so more prepared and calm now that I have talked to suppliers face to face, viewed the venue and had cake tasting. It's hard to do but it can be done. You just have to be prepared and organised. Organisation is key.”
8. Join a group
Get into a closed Facebook group such as Help I'm Getting Married, which is free and has about 20,000 members. Most are brides-to-be in a similar situation and others are recently married, so it is a great place to crowdsource up-to-date information. Questions on everything to do with weddings will be answered promptly, ranging from how much to spend on a wedding ring, to where to find shoes that look exactly like Jimmy Choo.
9. Leave the inessentials to last
Flowers and other decorations can be organised easily, says Meleady. “Fashions and trends change so leave it to the end. You can gather ideas in the meantime. Pinterest is very handy for working out your style.” Just remember that the type of flowers you can have at your wedding may be affected by the time of year or the weather. Florists such as Adonis Flower Designers on Patrick Street in Dublin city centre put photographs up on their Facebook page regularly showing what they have done for other customers, and can recreate for you.
ADVERTISEMENT
10. Expect the unexpected
No matter how efficient you are, something will probably go wrong. Sabourin-Burke says, “Our first priest and cake baker got very sick. So we had another priest, who was excellent, and my sister in law stepped in with the cake. It worked out in the end. They were so nervous, but it looked perfect and fit our individual cake toppers.”
The key is to do as much as you can as early as you can.
Bradley adds, “The day itself goes so fast, so all brides and grooms just need to ensure they take the time to enjoy it.”
A police watchdog has raised concerns about the way stop and search powers are recorded by one of the region's forces.
North Yorkshire Police (NYP) requires improvement for how it treats all of the people it serves with fairness and respect, according to the HM Inspectorate of Constabulary and Fire & Rescue Services.
As part of its annual inspections into police effectiveness, efficiency and legitimacy (PEEL), the watchdog assesses all the forces across England and Wales.
Reports released today look into police legitimacy – how fairly and respectfully the forces treat those they serve, whether they behave ethically and lawfully and how they treat their workforces.
All four of Yorkshire's forces received “good” ratings overall – the second highest ranking – though the watchdog highlighted one area for improvement each in North and South Yorkshire (SYP).
NYP has been told it needs to improve how it treats all of the people it serves with fairness and respect.
The report details how the watchdog's review of 200 of the force's stop and search records “indicate that some officers and supervisors either still do not understand fully what constitutes reasonable grounds, or do not know how to record them properly”.
HM Inspector of Constabulary Mike Cunningham said: “One area of concern is that the force does not have robust processes in place to scrutinise its use of stop and search powers. This is an important issue that needs to be addressed.”
NYP Deputy Chief Constable Lisa Winward said: “The findings of the report again showed that our officers and staff behave ethically and lawfully in line with the Code of Ethics, which is embedded in the way we work on a daily basis.
“It is also shows that North Yorkshire Police cares for the wellbeing of its officers and staff and treats them fairly and with respect.
“We have, however, carefully noted the feedback about treating all the people we serve with fairness and respect, as well as introducing greater external scrutiny and more robust processes in the way we manage stop and search powers. The PEEL inspections are designed to improve policing and we fully take on board the recommendations.”
The area's Police and Crime Commissioner, Julia Mulligan, said: “There were a number of areas highlighted for improvement, many of which I have been raising with the Chief Constable for some time now, and I am keen to see improvements as soon as possible.”
The report states that 4,418 stop and search procedures (excluding vehicle only searches) were carried out across the force area in 2015.
SYP needs to improve on how much “fairness and respect” its workforce is shown, according to the watchdog, with “the way it prioritises and communicates matters of wellbeing” highlighted as an area to better.
A force spokesperson said progress had already been made and “we are committed to doing all we can to support our people in delivering the best possible service to the public of South Yorkshire”.
Nationally, the analysis suggested that police are less likely to find illegal substances on black people than white individuals when carrying out stop and searches for drugs.
The watchdog said this was “troubling” and “suggests that the use of stop and search on black people might be based on weaker grounds for suspicion than its use on white people, particularly in respect of drugs.”
Agreement Paves Way for Health and Wellness Applications Delivered by Combining Big Data Analytics, Artificial Intelligence and Predictive Analytics from Air Quality Data Captured by Nano Gas Sensors
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* ai
* Cognitive
* Bigdata Industry:
* Software Location:
* Waltham - Massachusetts - US Subject:
* Partnerships
End
-- AerNos, Inc, and Findability Sciences, LLC today announced that they have entered into an agreement to provide consumers with personalized, actionable health and wellness information based on individual exposure to harmful chemicals in the air, the companies announced today. With more than 90% of urban populations exposed to unhealthy air quality, the collaboration will combine the technology innovations and expertise of both companies to provide solutions to a serious public health issue.Scientific research links air pollution exposure to a wide range of longterm health effects including asthma, lung diseases, cardiovascular diseases, cancers, brain disorders and other illnesses. According to the World Health Organization (WHO) and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), children and the elderly are most vulnerable to health damage caused by harmful gases. Scientists are also concerned about exposure to fossil fuels and other common pollutants during pregnancy and early in life, which can lead to brain development issues, especially in fetuses and young children. Actionable information could be a valuable tool in educating the public about reducing exposure to harmful airborne chemicals, particularly during the most vulnerable stages of life.AerNos and Findability Sciences will use a real-time secure data-sharing connection to transfer air quality data quickly and safely. This information will include geolocation based gases, their concentrations and other location based micro environments. Carbon monoxide, ozone, formaldehyde, gas leaks, indoor VOCs and other major indoor and outdoor air quality gases will be processed by the Findability Platform®, a proprietary solution combining the power of big data, cognitive computing and AI. Findability platform® architecture and framework will integrate AerNos Multi Sensor Delivery PlatformTM (AX-MSDP) gas data along with consumer health profiles and data from other sources to provide specific individualized actionable content. Findability Sciences is a partner with IBM and uses IBM Watson APIs. These APIs will support creating a robust technology offering able to detect personal gas exposures, predict outcomes, and provide solutions to prevent or minimize health and wellness impacts.Sources of harmful gases include vehicle emmissions, fuel burning combustion appliances, household cleaning products, personal care products, furniture, fireplaces, gasoline stations, industrial facilities, power plants, wildfires, vegetation, gas leaks and many more."Most of us have no idea what chemicals we are exposed to, or its implications to our health," said Sundip R. Doshi, Founder and CEO of AerNos. "By teaming up with Findability Sciences, we are taking a giant step towards actionable solutions that is personalized to the air you are breathing.""Delivering predictive analytics and actionable information to improve health is a wonderful fit for congnitive computing and artificial intelligence solutions" said Anand Mahurkar, CEO of Findability Sciences. "We are thrilled to be working with AerNos to bring our predictive capabilities to support the efforts of families that want to reduce exposure to harmful chemicals in the air."AerNos nano gas sensors are tiny, detect multiple gases simultaneously and are low powered System on Chip (SoC) designed to easily integrate into the Internet of Thing (IoT) devices. These sensors can detect gases and their concentration for various applications including environmental monitoring, food safety and spoilage, homeland security, industrial and manufacturing and healthcare applications. The collaboration between AerNos and Findability Sciences paves the way for intelligent actionable outcomes for applications far beyond environmental monitoring.Boston headquartered Findability Sciences is a leading boutique big data and cognitive solutions company with its flagship offering of Findability Platform®. Findability Platform® is a leading big data and cognitive architecture from Findability Sciences and since 2010 it is used by many industry verticals to solve unique business challenges by harnessing volume, velocity and verity of big data.La Jolla, California based AerNos develops application specific nano sensors based on its breakthrough and proprietary AerCNTTM Technology to detect harmful gases in the environment. AerNos nano gas sensors are designed to be easily integrated into consumer and commercial product lines such as standalone monitoring devices, non-stationary devices (drones, industrial robots, construction equipment, etc.), modes of transportation, wearables, smartphones and the Internet of Things (IoT).For more information, please visit AerNos.com or findabilitysciences.com. You may also contact us at info@AerNos.com or info@findabilitysciences.com.
- Kevin Owens will be signing autographs and posing for photos on Tuesday at the Cricket Wireless store at 5751 Preston Highway, in Louisville, KY from 11 a.m.-1 p.m.
- Through this Tuesday at 11:59 PM PT, select in-stock t-shirts are only $15 at WWEShop.com. There is no promo code necessary, just use this link
- Jeff Hardy had a little slip at last night's WWE live event in Cincinnati, as seen in the video above. While the Hardys were celebrating after their match, Hardy slipped and landed on their face:
@briantheguppie contributed to this article. Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Crayfish of the North - be very afraid. Waitangi Day looms and the PM is in town. And even though the pregnant PM cannot eat seafood, that has not spared the crustaceans and shellfish of the North as the hosts pile tables for the hakari - the feasts after the powhiri.
The PM's extended visit up north has seen at least three big feasts - Te Aupouri went on a massive collecting mission to feed the Iwi Leaders' Forum, Ngati Manu were also determined not to stint for the PM's visit to Karetu Marae to honour their deputy leader Kelvin Davis at their home marae.
The elder there remarked that the last time a PM had come was Helen Clark in 2008.
Davis had asked for some tea and scones. They got a full blown feast.
Advertisement
Last but not least on the feasts front is NZ First Shane Jones' traditional annual Waitangi Party tonight. The tables there will boast about 100 crayfish (yes, there was a permit), paua, tuatua and other delicacies from the sea as well as tuna from Fiji. All of it will be prepared by Jones' wife Dot and their merry band of helpers.
The party this year is to celebrate the wedding of the Jones', which happened in January in Rarotonga.
But it could also see the start of another courtship: that of National trying to woo NZ First.
It is understood that after initially declining the invitation, about 12 National MPs will now be going, led by Steven Joyce.
NZ First leader Winston Peters will also be there.
National MPs have always attended in different numbers - the first year it was just Mark Mitchell and Alfred Ngaro but since then Joyce and others have attended.
This year was almost a no-show but there is concern among some National MPs about closing NZ First out. So the party could well mark a decision of trying to restore some amicability to the relationship lest 2020 be a repeat of 2017 - and NZ First has the balance of power.
So diverse is Jones' field of friends that their party is like the watering hole in the desert - a morass of people who are natural enemies gather there to drink. They include politicians, business people, media and family. They include fisheries interests and environmentalists... oh hang on.
Such is the antipathy NZ First has to the government support partner, the Greens, while all the National MPs who will be in town were invited the only Green Party MP to get an invite was the leader James Shaw.
Although it is an invite only party, it doesn't stop gatecrashers and so Shaw is expected to have some company in the form of Julie Anne Genter.
As for Ardern they will have a day off up North before the formal ceremonies for Waitangi begin tomorrow. Them day at the peaceful marae in the Karetu valley will have gone some way to restoring the faith of politicians in the hospitality of the north after the often bitter taste powhiri at Te Tii Marae might have left.
Ardern was gifted some pounamu and the marae took line honours as the first not to gift them a baby name although there was a joke "now with those taonga goes naming rights."
Ardern also likely learned that among Maoridom in the North there is no such thing as a secret. The event at the marae was intended to be a surprise for Davis. Even media were cautioned to be careful not to mention it to him.
They drily observed that it was indeed "as much of a surprise as an open invitation on Facebook can be".
In the end the only person who got a surprise was Ardern's partner Clarke Gayford who had presumed their official duties were over after the powhiri and gone awol. Then their name was called out to receive a taonga during the presentations, necessitating a quick sprint back into the meeting house, tearing their shoes off as they went to the soundtrack of the crowd laughing and clapping.
By Anthony Ogbonna
TomTom and the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) have signed a three-year contract that confers TomTom as the Official Candy of the Super Eagles. TomTom, a product from the stables of Cadbury Nigeria Plc has supported the Super Eagles for a decade.
At a joint media parley to announce the partnership and official signing of the contract, the Managing Director of Cadbury Nigeria Plc. Mr. Amir Shamsi said, “we are delighted to announce TomTom as the official candy of the Super Eagles. This year makes it the tenth year since we first announced this valued partnership in 2008.
“We are proud to say our partnership with the Nigeria Football Federation and by extension, the Super Eagles of Nigeria, is not a coincidence. It remains a deliberate effort by Cadbury and TomTom to connect with Nigerians and their passion for the beautiful game.”
Speaking further, Shamsi reiterated that “we promise to continuously support the Super Eagles and seize this opportunity to enjoin Nigerians to give their full support to the team. TomTom believes in the Super Eagles and Nigerians too should believe in the Super Eagles – they are poised to make us proud,” Shamsi said.
According to the Category Marketing Lead, West Africa, Mrs. Uwadiae Chidinma, “TomTom is a Candy with a purpose. It delivers soothing relief and mental invigoration. It has remained relevant over the decades despite other competitive offerings in the market. TomTom is undisputedly one of the most ubiquitous brands in the country.”
The President of the Nigeria Football Federation, Mr. Amaju Pinnick, lauded Cadbury Nigeria and revealed that the NFF will work in tandem with TomTom and leverage on the partnership to bring glory to the national teams at every tournament. Pinnick said, “we are grateful to TomTom for being a backbone of all our national teams. TomTom is a premium brand from Cadbury Nigeria Plc.”
Clamouring for support, the Brand Manager, Candy West Africa, Mr. Aruleba Olumide said “Cadbury Nigeria Plc, are happy to support the Super Eagles. We urge all Nigerians to go all out and support the Eagles cheering them to victory. TomTom loves the Super Eagles.”
About Cadbury Nigeria Plc
Cadbury brands are trusted everywhere and, by listening to the people who buy them, we have grown into one of the world's most successful consumer goods companies. We manufacture and market Candy, Gum and Cocoa-based beverages.
Cadbury Nigeria has grown to become a household name providing consumers with much-loved brands as Buttermint, Clorets, Bournvita and 3in1 Hot Chocolate.
The Yaris marks Toyota's long-awaited entry in the mid-size sedan segment and will be offered with just a petrol engine
While being a prime player in the D and D2 segments with the Corolla and the Camry, respectively, Toyota has never tried its hands in the C segment. However, that is about to change with the upcoming Yaris sedan that made its Indian debut at Auto Expo 2018. The Toyota Yaris is expected to be launched in May 2017 and will go head to head with the Honda City, Hyundai Verna and the Maruti Suzuki Ciaz, among other sedans in the mid-size sedan segment. Let us see what the Toyota Yaris has in store for you.
Trivia: The Yaris is also known as the Vios and the Yaris Ativ in Singapore and Thailand, respectively. Toyota chose to name it Yaris for the Indian market as it says this name has a more youthful appeal.
Vitals
Only a 1.5-litre petrol with an optional CVT auto will be offered at the time of launch and there's no word on the introduction of a diesel engine
There will only be two variants on offer - V and VX. Both of them will be featured loaded
Petrol
Toyota Yaris*
Honda City
Hyundai Verna
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Engine
1.5-litre
1.5-litre
1.6-litre/1.4-litre
1.4-litre
Max. Power
108PS
119PS
123PS/100PS
92PS
Max. Torque
140Nm
145Nm
151Nm/132Nm
130Nm
Transmission
6-speed MT/CVT
5-speed MT/ CVT with paddle shifters
6-speed MT/ AT (only with 1.6-litre)
5-speed MT/ 4-speed AT
Dimensions
Toyota Yaris*
Honda City
Hyundai Verna
Maruti Suzuki Ciaz
Length
4425mm
4440mm
4440mm
4490mm
Width
1730mm
1695mm
1729mm
1730mm
Height
1475mm
1495mm
1475mm
1485mm
Wheelbase
2550mm
2600mm
2600mm
2650mm
*Singapore-spec model
Design and Features
The Yaris features a large air dam up front like the Camry. It comes standard with halogen projector headlamps with LED light guides, while the top-spec VX variant gets daytime running LEDs as well. These are placed at the extremities of the air dam.
Though it is absolutely subjective, people might find the front fascia too busy in comparison to its rivals.
While the front styling is in line with the Camry, the side differs from the more premium sedan thanks to the multiple character lines that run across the length of the Yaris.
When it comes to dimensions, the Yaris, for some reason, appears smaller when viewed from the side, although it is only 15mm smaller than the City and the Verna. It is the same story at the front as well since it doesn't seem that wide in the flesh, despite being wider than most of its rivals. You get a similar feeling on the inside too, but that's because of its wheelbase, which is as much as 100mm shorter than the most spacious car here - the Ciaz.
It rides on 15-inch alloy wheels, which are a size smaller than the ones offered in other sedans featured here.
While the front and side profiles are not its forte in terms of design, the Yaris looks the best from the rear. The wraparound tail lamps with LED inserts work in its favour in making the rear profile striking. There are also two rear fog lamps that are housed in the bumper.
The Yaris offers both front and rear parking sensors, the former is a segment-first feature.
The cabin features dual-tone black-and-beige theme. The V variant gets faux wood inserts (check out the picture below), whereas the top-spec VX gets a relatively premium-looking glossy black inserts.
Both variants get a gloss black treatment for the centre console.
The steering wheel is derived from the Corolla Altis.
A 7-inch touchscreen infotainment system is standard. However, both the variants offer different units. The top-spec VX gets the same unit as the Corolla and features Bluetooth phone integration, HDMI, MirrorLink and built-in navigation, among other connectivity solutions.Sadly, there's no Android Auto or Apple CarPlay.
The VX also comes with front and rear ambient lighting similar to the one offered as an optional accessory on the Ford Aspire. However, the sources for the rear lights are mounted on the B-pillar and is fairly visible. Hence, we think it could have been better integrated and hidden from the naked eye.
Just to make the dash look soft-to-touch and premium, Toyota has incorporated fake stitching on the top section. However, in reality, the dash is made up of relatively hard plastic and quality is at par with other sedans in the segment, except the Honda City, which offers a soft-touch leatherette pad on the passenger side.
Gets a twin-dial instrument cluster and a large 4.2-inch colour driver info screen which displays a host of information, including a segment-first tyre pressure monitoring system.
The VX variant comes upholstered in beige leather, while the V gets fabric upholstery. The front seats are supportive and wide and even larger frames will feel comfortable. Further, the driver's seat is 6-way power-adjustable, which is again a first in the segment.
Like the Etios, it gets a flat rear floor. However, what will play a spoilsport is the rear legroom, which is way less than what the City or the Ciaz offers. Overall, the new Toyota is definitely not the most spacious sedan in its segment.
Like its siblings, the Yaris too doesn't feature any cost cutting measures when it comes to headrests. You get three individual headrests at the rear, which is something that's lacking in most cars in various segments in the country. Also on offer at the rear are 3-point seatbelts for all three passengers and Isofix child seat mounts.
In India, the Yaris gets an exclusive roof-mounted AC unit with digital controls and ambient lights similar to the unit seen on the Innova Crysta. Since people are not accustomed with roof mounted vents in a sedan, it will take some getting used to.
There are two power outlets at the back of the central tunnel for rear passengers.
The underside of the Yaris' bootlid features a thick cladding for better insulation. Thanks to cost saving measures adopted by other car manufacturers, the same cannot be said about the Yaris' rivals.
The Yaris seven airbags as standard. Apart from that, Toyota also offers a tyre pressure monitoring system, front and rear parking sensors, vehicle stability control and hill-start assist, ABS (anti-lock brakes) with EBD (electronic brakeforce distribution) and brake assist, all-four disc brakes, among others.
Takeaway: Where does the Yaris fit in?
Toyota has been capitalising on strong brand loyalty built on the reliability of its cars for some time now and is leading the charge in the premium space with the Fortuner and the Innova Crysta. However, the automaker continues to struggle in the volume segments with the Etios range, which lacks the wow factor buyers demand. Toyota has learned a lesson with the Etios and has now loaded the Yaris with quite a few segment-first features, including seven airbags that are offered as standard across the range. What's more, the Yaris' build quality is more like the Corolla than the Etios. The latest Toyota sedan, then, seems ready to step in and bridge the gap between the Etios and the Corolla while giving its well-established rivals a run for their money. And with an array of standard features that even cars from a segment above lack, the base price of the Yaris is expected to be over Rs 10 lakh.
Check out: Top 5 Sedans At Auto Expo 2018: Honda Amaze, Toyota Yaris & More
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
End
-- Jay Patel, president and CEO of Amtech Electrocircuits (http://www.amelectro.com/), has announced the launch of an Electronics Development and Manufacturing (EDM) Meet Up Group."When I realized that there was no place for people in the electronics industry to come together and learn from each other, I decided I wanted to change that," said Patel.The free sessions will be held monthly at Automation Alley, 2675 Bellingham Drive, Troy, MI. At the meetings, electronics professionals will be able to discuss and share information about new advancements in electronics, share resources and problem solve.The first meeting is Wednesday, June 28 from 3 to 5 p.m. After the meeting, participants can go across the street to Joe Kool's to "hang out" and get to know each other."I think that we can all learn something from each other," said Patel.Amtech Electrocircuits, a family business now in its second generation, provides electronics manufacturing services (Circuit Board Assembly). Amtech is able to help customers manage costs in a smart, sustainable and repeatable way, through software and hardware automation, locally so they do not have to go across our borders for this service. They also offer free defect testing, a service not available to smaller firms in the U.S. Learn more about www.amelectro.com
1:47 Michael Bennett thinks Seahawks are A-OK for the playoffs Pause
1:52 Bobby Wagner says Seahawks changed run fits on D to change game at SF
3:38 Pete Carroll was "in outer space" pulling Seahawks starters out early at SF
2:38 Chehalis auto repair shop embraces cutting-edge technologies
1:33 Hands On Children's Museum rings in the new year
1:06 Washington coach Lorenzo Romar reflects on loss to Washington State
2:19 Highlights: Timberline turns up defense, routs Emerald Ridge 62-41
5:23 Gregg Bell and Dave Boling on whether Seahawks are equipped for playoff run
0:23 Lacey couple catches package thief on video
TROY — McGuffey Herb & Spice Co. and Sycamore Spring Clothier present “Tea at the Tavern” on Saturday, May 12, in partnership with the Overfield Tavern Museum.
Guests will experience early 19th century elegance as they sip historically inspired teas and sample pastries from Bakehouse Bread Co. — all served by authentically costumed volunteers. Period music on the mandolin and presentations to honor mothers will complement the company of friends and family in the warm, intimate environment of the 210-year-old tavern, Troy's oldest structure.
Tea will be served at two seatings, at 1 p.m. and again at 3 p.m. Tickets are $20 each and may be purchased through Eventbrite (subject to fee), in person at Home Comfort Gallery at 105 W. Main St. in Troy, or by mailing a check payable to the Overfield Tavern Museum to 201 E. Water St., Troy, OH 45373. Please specify number of guests in your party and with whom you would like to be seated.
“We really wanted to create a distinctive Mother's Day experience that honors those special women in our lives,” said Karen Purke, owner of McGuffey Herb & Spice Co. “We will offer seven different teas during the event. Whether you're a local history enthusiast or just looking for a new way to celebrate Mom, this event should be part of your Mother's Day weekend.”
“I have a passion for teas and the culture that they represent, and it's a delight to bring together that love with my interest in fashion at the turn of the 19th century,” said Beverly Smith, proprietress of Sycamore Spring Clothier, which supplies historically accurate clothing for reenactors at George Washington's Mount Vernon Estate and other historic sites and museums.
Since 1966, the Overfield Tavern Museum has been dedicated to raising awareness of local frontier life during the first quarter of the 19th century. A rare example of Federal architecuture in west-central Ohio built in 1808, the nonprofit museum houses authentic early 19th-century furniture, tableware and utensils. In addition to safekeeping the collections of early Troy families, the board strives to use them to give local residents an authentic sense of pioneer life in Troy.
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global Water Magnesium Powder Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the Water Magnesium Powder market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Golcha Group, Magnesita, Xilolite, Hayashi-Kasei, Beihai Group, Liaoning Aihai Talc, Liaoning Aihai Talc, Guangxi Longguang Talc, Longsheng Huamei Talc, Guiguang Talc, Haicheng Xinda Mining, Haicheng Jinghua Mineral, Liaoning Qian They Talc, Laizhou Talc Industry. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this Water Magnesium Powder Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-water-magnesium-powder-market/10358/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global Water Magnesium Powder market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the Water Magnesium Powder market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The Water Magnesium Powder Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of Water Magnesium Powder. This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of Water Magnesium Powder in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : 0.75, 0.9, 0.95.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Equipment Manufacturing Industry, Chemical Industry, Electronics Industry, Others.
Key Highlights Of The Water Magnesium Powder Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-water-magnesium-powder-market/10358/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes Water Magnesium Powder new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international Water Magnesium Powder market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The Water Magnesium Powder industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Three people are missing after being swept away in a swollen river in the Waitakere Ranges.
Up to 100 people are also being evacuated in Piha tonight and up to 20 people are reportedly stranded on a nearby walking track due to rising waters.
Police said four people got into trouble crossing a river about 5.15pm near Cascade Falls. One made it across but three were swept away and remain missing.
The rescued male had minor injuries, police said. It is understood they were taken to the Waitakere Golf Club for assessment by ambulance staff.
Advertisement
Rescue helicopters are on the way to the scene as a major search and rescue operation gets underway.
The Cascade Falls and Falls Rd in the Waitakere Ranges. Photo / via Google Maps
​​A man from the Waitakere Golf Club on Falls Rd, who did not wish to be named, said emergency crews were looking for the missing people near Cascade Falls.
They said there were two fire trucks, two ambulances and a police car in the area.​
They said the rain was "severe" between 4pm and 5pm.
Meanwhile, Fire and Emergency northern shift communications manager Scott Osmond said people were being evacuated from Glenesk Rd in Piha.
Up to 100 people were reportedly being evacuated from low-lying areas.
"Five or six houses are at risk of flooding, so we're evacuating as a precaution."
Osmond said water levels in a nearby creek were rising, due to the heavy rain.
@WeatherWatchNZ rain has eased off a fair bit. Here's my tank spilling - that's water that would be overflowing out of the spouting into my carport if that snorkel wasn't there... pic.twitter.com/ifsppbMj87 — Waitakeres Weather (@Waitakeres) February 3, 2018
A local campground said a member of their staff was speaking with authorities and they were now waiting to hear from authorities about how they can help those affected.
A worker at the Piha Store said they had seen fire trucks and heard loud sirens in the past hour or so and assumed there had been a fire in the area.
A worker at the Piha Surf Shop, which is elevated, said they could see "a lot'' of water down below, following a sudden extreme period of heavy rain this afternoon.
Seaview and Glenesk Rds. Photo / via Google Maps
"The flooding is in the valley. My son said there is water over the road at the fire station and the road has been cut off.''
The Piha Fire Station is on Seaview Rd, near Glenesk Rd.
Talking about the weather, the woman said they had had some warning just before conditions turned "extreme".
Newshub reports up to 20 people are stranded on Winstone Track near Piha.
A serious crash has also occurred near Waitakere. A Herald reporter said a vehicle was on its roof. Emergency services were yet to reach the scene but people in fluro vests were directing traffic.
Metservice meteorologist Brian Mercer said heavy rain and thunderstorms were expected to continue over Auckland this evening.
They said the wild weather was caused by a low pressure system, which was centred north of Helensville about 6pm. The system was tracking up the country which would see the heavy rain ease by midnight.
A heavy rain watch was in place for Auckland, Northland south of Whangarei, Great Barrier Island and Coromandel Peninsula until midnight.
More to come
Soccer star Douglas Costa scores fancy SoFla spread Brazilian soccer star Douglas Costa bought a unit at Jade Signature in Sunny Isles Beach, Fla. The three-bedroom, 4½-bathroom unit on the 25th floor was asking $4.52 million. The apartment,...
Pep Guardiola had one aim at Bayern Munich, and they failed The manager's club failed to make it past the Champions League semi-finals for the third straight season on Tuesday.
Pep Guardiola gives Man City a double edge on biggest rivals Manchester City stole the spotlight from the rest of European soccer on the final day of the winter transfer window. But it's not a new player that has everyone talking,...
Champions League draw rigged for sexiest possible matchups NYON, Switzerland — In a pairing of coach Pep Guardiola's past and present teams, Barcelona will play Bayern Munich in the Champions League semifinals. Guardiola, who won two Champions League...
Bayern Munich coach snubs MLS in outrage over hard fouls In Wednesday's MLS All-Star game — possibly Thierry Henry's last — the French star was all class, while Pep Guardiola showed no class. The MLS All-Stars pulled off a come-from-behind...
US prodigy Julian Green on tour with Bayern Munich First, teenage prodigy Julian Green impressed US coach Jurgen Klinsmann enough to get a surprising invite to the World Cup. Then they impressed the fans in Brazil – and back stateside...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Grim reapers?
Sheffield Wednesday manager Carlos Carvalhal is reportedly facing the sack if the Owls fail to beat table-topping Wolverhampton Wanderers on Friday evening.
Carvalhal, who has been in charge at Hillsborough since the summer of 2015, will serve a one-game touch-line ban in the forthcoming match after being sent to the stands for their protests in their side's game with Hull earlier this month, a match they drew 2-2.
And should the Yorkshire outfit not topple Wolves, who are looking to return to winning ways themselves after the draw with Sunderland, the Portuguese boss could be in trouble.
Wednesday is without a win in their last five matches, most recently suffering a damaging 3-1 defeat at Norwich over the weekend.
They lie 14th in the Championship table on 27 points, a full ten points behind fierce rivals and sixth placed Sheffield United, and a staggering 21 behind Wolves.
MORE WOLVES NEWS
Fan reaction
The chatter among Wolves fans on social media on Monday night was inevitably about Cardiff's late draw at Reading.
The Bluebirds are hot on the heels of Wolves, at this moment their largest promotion rivals, and they produced a gutsy second half performance to rescue a point when 2-0 down.
What were the Wanderers faithful saying about it?
Robert Weaver: You look at Cardiff's dec/jan/feb fixtures and they seem eminently winnable. Then again there's always surprises. #wwfc
Andy Southall: Pathetic game management and complete lack of determination to see the game out from Reading
Jason: So wolves don't beat Sunderland but no real damage done. Great chance this weekend playing first to put more pressure on the teams chasing us.
Kev Baker: So then, after our little blip on Saturday, we're still as far ahead as we were before the weekend & nearly extended our lead? As you were then...
SMART Special Event
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Addiction
• Research
• Alcohol Industry:
• Free Location:
• Mentor - Ohio - US Subject:
• Events
Contact
SMART Recovery Special Events
866-951-5357
***@smartrecovery.org SMART Recovery Special Events866-951-5357
End
-- SMART Recovery will host Reid K. Hester, Ph.D., for a fascinating overview and discussion of recent scientific findings on addiction treatment and support, including work from their own lab as well as that of others. There are valuable lessons to be learned and new strategies that have real implications for people struggling with their use of alcohol, drugs and behaviors as well as the professionals and families who want to help.Dr. Hester is the Director of Research at Checkup & Choices and creator of SMART's CheckUp & Choices (http://www.smartrecovery.org/checkupandchoices/)companion web course: . Their professional career has included clinical work, program consultation, research, and training in empirically supported approaches to substance abuse treatment. Their research focus has been in the development of digital tools to help people with alcohol and drug problems.Currently, Dr. Hester is directing an implementation research grant to understand how digital interventions like the web course for SMART Recovery, are integrated within the workflow of treatment programs. It is a 2-year project funded by the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism (NIAAA).Reid Hester has been the senior editor of 3 books and over 60 other publications in the area of substance abuse prevention and treatment. They were a recipient of 2 Tibbets awards for excellence in Small Business Innovative Research (SBIR) in 1997 and 2006. They have been a technical adviser and consultant to the World Health Organization (WHO), the NIAAA, and the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA). They received their Ph.D. from Washington State University in 1979.Start the New Year out right and kick-start your own recovery with this FREE webinar -- as always, open to SMART participants, friends, family members, professionals, and the general public!January 14, 5:00 pm EST
by
“You feel like superman”, the young addict says. The Economist
“Does God exist?” “Not yet,” Question and answer in panel discussion on transhumanism.
“For the prostitute reduces you to a loaf of bread.” Proverbs 6:26
Let me briefly serve as a bridge, an intergenerational one.
My Dad, in acute recognition of my needs, was unhesitating. They insisted that nothing good in the life of a teenager happened after midnight—thus a curfew. It made no difference that other parents did not impose one—he seemed unbothered by peer pressure. Much to my discomfort.
Dad insisted that I needed to understand the options of life—my summers were spent working in a grain elevator. When just out of college, I announced an intent to get married; they were apoplectic, and said: “you can't afford a wife.” Fortunately for me, my wife, Marty, worked while I went to law school.
There was nobody around to write down Dad's insistent insights. Had they been a direct descendent of King Solomon, the world would have received a 20th Century update of Proverbs.
My Dad would have told the young addict that Superman is a fantasy, that if you are searching for transcendence go to church.
And to the transhumanist searching for perpetual life, they would have suggested spiritual counsel, not chemicals.
To finish the bridge, let me retreat to King Solomon's version of Proverbs, the one that is blessed by the Bible. The King didn't lack a keen insight or a sense of humor.
Culturally, our time is devoted to ascendance. Or, as the dictionaries report: “a position of dominance.” My Dad, not inclined to deal in the abstract, would have paired the word with fool. They knew, and probably most humans know, that dominance is fleeting. When we feel dominant, something else is likely to be dominating us.
My faith is inspired by a horrific death on a crucifixion cross—its form–simple and wooden. The narrative surrounding this piece of wood promises transcendence through love and humility.
Regardless of which faith story we find compelling, none of them suggest material wealth or dominance as the pathways to transcendence.
Reflecting on America, it needs a culture that pushes us beyond self. The vulnerable need more than jails and yet another educational initiative that explains for the millionth time what every sentient human knows: drugs are harmful. Millions of people seem to have yielded to nihilism, believing that existence is pointless or alternatively, too heavy a burden to carry. Pharmacological escape and its risks do not weigh heavily on their minds.
America needs insistence voices informed by an overarching morality. My Dad's rules carried the bite of right or wrong. Simply stated, we (all of us) need to look beyond ourselves. Not to the pop psychology of victimhood. Nor to the ceaseless marketing messages that compare our lives with some glorious alternative.
Today volumes are written about sources of moral principles and their legitimacy. Likewise, volumes are written about how our weaknesses often eclipse our internal powers of discipline. At some point in this narrative stream, right or wrong became a depreciating asset.
Parents, schools, churches, and Synagogues need to start young. They need to recapture the insistence I experienced as a teenager. And while the message needs to be motivated by love, the words need authority, a 21st Century Solomon who understands the earlier one.
Retreating to the last century, I recall a movie with an intergenerational story.
A 1963 movie, Hud, starring Paul Newman, Patricia O'Neal, and Melvyn Douglas, was set on a cattle ranch in Texas that was just hanging on when it was hit by an outbreak of hoof and mouth disease.
The movie pitted a hard drinking, unprincipled son, Hud, (played by Paul Newman) against their father, Homer (played by Melvyn Douglas), who was the patriarch owner of the ranch. The two men often argued in front of an impressionable and idealistic young man, Lon (played by Brandon de Wilde), who was grandson to Homer and nephew to Hud.
In one memorable scene, Homer said to Lon after a furious argument with Hud: “Little by little the look of the country changes because of the men we admire….You're just going to have to make up your own mind one day about what's right and wrong.”
Today the word “men” tends to be loaded; but as Fathers Day is only days away, I recall my father as a real man.
Al Sikes is the former Chair of the Federal Communications Commission under George H.W. Bush. Al recently published Culture Leads Leaders Follow published by Koehler Books.
This year's Hall Of Fame nominees have been announced and as usual, there's plenty of debate. Everyone has their opinions on which acts deserve to be nominated and which acts have been slighted.
This year, nineteen acts have been nominated, with nine first-time nominees. Let's start with the first timers. (Artists become eligible for nomination twenty-five years after the release of their first album). Radiohead and Rage Against The Machine, who released their debut albums in 1992, are both nominated in the first year of their eligibility.
Then there are a number of legendary artists who, for some reason or the other, haven't been nominated before. Acts like Dire Straits, Kate Bush, Nina Simone, Eurythmics, Judas Priest, Sister Rosetta Sharpe and Moody Blues. In addition, there are artists who've previously been nominated, but didn't make the final cut. These include Bon Jovi, J. Geils Band, the Zombies, the Meters, the Cars, Depeche Mode and more. Previous nominees like Nine Inch Nails, Jane's Addiction, Bad Brains and the Smiths didn't get similar nods this year.
To cast your vote follow this link:
www.rockhall.com/fan-vote/2018-fan-vote?_ga=2.82254934.1310732906.1507295974-1928303290.1507295974
The Baby Blacks have started their World Rugby U20s championship campaign with an emphatic 67-0 win over minnows Japan in Narbonne, France this morning.
You can watch all the action live on TVNZ DUKE or online on TVNZ OnDemand here.
FULLTIME - NZ 67 Japan 0
80 mins - NZ 67 Japan 0
TRY! Jamie Spowart makes up for their mistake in the 76th minute and scores a hat-trick. Japan's attempted clearance kick is charged down and Spowart pounces on the loose ball.
Kaleb Trask's conversion attempt hits the uprights.
76 mins - NZ 62 Japan 0
NO TRY! The Baby Blacks try a kick pass out to the right wing but Jamie Spowart can't hold onto the ball.
69 mins - NZ 62 Japan 0
New Zealand lock John Akau'ola-Laula looks to have injured their knee and the crowd applaud as they walk off the field with the team medic.
66 mins - NZ 62 JAPAN 0
NO TRY! Kaleb Trask is denied a try after the officials rule that the Japanese player grounded the ball before the Baby Blacks first-five could get to the ball.
61 mins - NZ 62 JAPAN 0
TRY! New Zealand's offloading game is causing all sorts of problems for Japan. The Baby Blacks shift the ball quickly from left to right with captain Tom Christie making a great catch after a kick pass from reserve back Harry Plummer.
Christie links up with their right winger Jamie Spowart who has scored two tries in two minutes.
Kaleb Trask is offline with their conversion attempt from out wide.
58 mins - NZ 57 JAPAN 0
TRY! New Zealand show great skills to recognise the mismatch out wide, Kaleb Trask fires a floating pass to teammate Jamie Spowart who throws a dummy before putting the foot down to score down the right flank.
Trask makes no mistakes with their kick at goal.
53 mins - NZ 50 JAPAN 0
TRY! John Akau'ola-Laula powers over to score from close range after some great lead up work from the Baby Blacks forwards. The NZ side have now scored eight tries and have hit the 50 mark.
Kaleb Trask fires their kick over the uprights.
49 mins - NZ 43 JAPAN 0
New Zealand are guilty at the moment of forcing the pass when it is not on, the wet conditions aren't helping with both teams struggling to hold onto the ball.
41 mins - NZ 43 JAPAN 0
TRY! New Zealand's halfback Xavier Roe gets a well deserved try after they stripped the off a Japanese defender. Roe makes the steal and pops the ball up for Bailyn Sullivan who takes the ball into contact. Sullivan then delivers the ball back to Roe who dives over to score the first try of the second half.
Roe had a hand in a number of New Zealand's tries in the first spell.
Kaleb Trask misses their attempt at goal.
40 mins - NZ 38 JAPAN 0
And we are back underway with Japan kicking off to New Zealand.
HALFTIME - NZ 38 JAPAN 0
New Zealand have got off to a fast start with six tries - late in the first spell it began to pour down with rain which proved to cause more handling errors from both teams.
40 mins - NZ 38 JAPAN 0
New Zealand's No.8 Hoskins Sotutu makes up for their mistake after they fumbled the ball to hand possession over to Japan inside their own 22. They earn their side a penalty after Japan are penalised for not releasing the ball in the ruck. Kaleb Trask taps the ball with their foot and decides that's enough for the first spell and kicks the ball into touch.
38 mins - NZ 38 JAPAN 0
TRY! This time the New Zealand side rumble it up in the forwards and their skipper Tom Christie powers over to score from close range.
Kaleb Trask finds their mark, with the ball sailing through the uprights.
34 mins - NZ 31 JAPAN 0
NO TRY! The Baby Blacks almost score another long range stunner but Hoskins Sotutu can't hold onto the ball. It all started with winger Leicester Faingaanuku who has been causing all sorts of problems for Japan down the left edge.
They step out of several tackles before offloading the ball to flanker Tom Florence, to blindside flanker then offloads the ball to their captain Tom Christie. Christie tries to find their man Sotutu but they fumble the ball five metres out from the try-line.
29 mins - NZ 31 JAPAN 0
Greasy conditions now as the rain starts to pour in Narbonne.
28 mins - NZ 31 JAPAN 0
New Zealand perfrom a haka during the 2018 Oceania Rugby U20 Championship match between New Zealand and Fiji at Bond University in the Gold Coast. Source: Getty
NO TRY! Japan are denied a try after officials rule that their No.8 was offside when they picked up the ball at the break down.
21 mins - NZ 31 JAPAN 0
TRY! Bailyn Sullivan goes coast-to-coast. They take the ball off the kick off and goes all the way! They break out of several tackles before taking on the Japanese defender himself, they palm them off with ease and dives over to score a great individual try.
Kaleb Trask is starting to find their radar landing their conversion from out wide.
19 mins - NZ 24 JAPAN 0
TRY! The Baby Blacks' halfback Xavier Roe makes another great run which started from halfway, they spot a huge hole in Japan's defensive line. Roe does enough to hold up the last defender before passing the ball to their winger Leicester Faingaanuku who scores their second try of the match.
The conversion is good by Kaleb Trask.
15 mins - NZ 17 JAPAN 0
NO TRY! Jamie Spowart is denied a try after officials rule the pass from halfback Xavier Roe was forward. Spowart ran an exceptional line after a well worked line-out from the New Zealand side, Roe popped the ball to Spowart who showed great footwork to beat the last Japan defender before crossing the try-line.
10 mins - NZ 17 JAPAN 0
TRY! Kaleb Trask puts in a clever grubber kick and the ball bounces up perfectly for NZ Sevens star Vilimoni Koroi who snatches the ball away from the Japanese fullback's grasp. They jog over to score New Zealand's third try of the match.
Kaleb Trask nails their first conversion of the match from easier range than their previous kicks.
4 mins - NZ 10 JAPAN 0
TRY! The New Zealand team over again for their second try. NZ's halfback Xavier Roe makes a sneaky break and marches their way into Japan's 22 and they deliver a perfect offload for their winger Leicester Faingaanuku who does spectacular to stay in the field of play and touch down in the left hand corner.
Kaleb Trask misses their conversion attempt from out wide.
1 mins - NZ 5 JAPAN 0
TRY! After 50 seconds of play New Zealand's lock Will Tucker finishes off a great play by the Baby Blacks. The forwards showing great ball handling skills to shift the ball from right to left and Tucker dives over the left edge to score the first try of the match.
The conversion is no good from Kaleb Trask.
KICK-OFF! And we are underway! New Zealand opt ot go deep off the kick off.
PRE-MATCH:
New Zealand are the defending champions, defeating England in the final last year 64-17 in Georgia.
The Baby Blacks were unbeaten in the Oceania Rugby Championship, where they defeated Australia 43-28 in the final earlier this month.
New Zealand Sevens star Vilimoni Koroi has been named to start at fullback.
TEAM:
BABY BLACKS: 1. Xavier Numia, 2. Flynn Thomas, 3. Tevita Mafileo, 4. John Akau'ola-Laula, 5. Will Tucker, 6. Tom Florence, 7. Tom Christie, 8. Hoskins Sotutu, 9. Xavier Roe, 10. Kaleb Trask, 11. Leicester Faingaanuku, 12. Billy Proctor, 13. Bailyn Sullivan, 14. Jamie Spowart, 15. Vilimoni Koroi.
RESERVES: 16. Ricky Jackson, 17. Sione Asi, 18. Rob Cobb, 19. Waimana Riedlinger-Kapa, 20. Will Tremain, 21. Jay Renton, 22. Harry Plummer, 23. Scott Gregory.
1 min - NZ 5 JAPAN 0
53 mins - NZ 50 JAPAN 0
66 mins - NZ 62 JAPAN 0
66 mins - NZ 62 JAPAN 0
66 mins - NZ 62 JAPAN 0
66 mins - NZ 62 JAPAN 0
It's been several days since classic Batman star Adam West passed away at age 88 after a short battle with leukaemia. The death of the #TV icon has left fans in mourning and tributes from celebrities have been flooding in. West is fondly remembered for their performance as the titular character in the classic '60s #Batman TV series and subsequent film, a role that the legendary actor recently reprised in the animated feature film Batman: Return Of The Caped Crusaders.
Despite being released 50 years after the original series first aired, the animated movie was a hit with fans, and a sequel had been in the works featuring Star Trek actor William Shatner in the role of Two Faces, a character who had never been featured in the original series. Batman Vs. Two Face was due for release this year but fans have been left wondering whether or not West finished recording their part for the film before their untimely death. According to reporter Dan Greenfield of 13th Dimension, West did indeed finish up recording for Batman Vs. Two Face.
The sequel film is set to see Two Faces terrorize the citizens of Gotham City and, much like the classic show, Comissioner Gordon and Chief O' Hara will have to call in the Dynamic Duo to put an end to Harvey Dent's criminal capers. Considering the Two Face character never showed up in a single episode of the classic series, it's pretty cool that #DC is coming up with a fresh storyline for the sequel as opposed to the recycled “villains unite” angle that we've seen so many times before.
- Above is slow motion video from the Fatal 4 Way on last night's WWE RAW in Columbus, which saw hometown star Alexa Bliss defeat Nia Jax, Mickie James and Sasha Banks to become the new #1 contender to RAW Women's Champion Bayley. Bliss vs. Bayley will take place at the April 30th WWE Payback pay-per-view from Bayley's hometown of San Jose.
WWE has a new poll asking fans who got the worst of the ring collapsing on last night's RAW - Big Show, Braun Strowman or referee John Cone. As of this writing, 66% voted for Cone while 28% voted for Big Show.
- Jack Gallagher does a lot of talking while Brian Kendrick does the driving in this new clip from last night's WWE Ride Along episode on the WWE Network:
Follow Marc Middleton on Twitter at @this_is_marc. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Listen: 'Stay in your own back yard!' - Kiwi recruiter's horrible racist rant at migrant job-seeker recorded
The woman on the tape says they have worked in recruitment all their life, and that they would throw this migrant's CV "straight in the bin".
Your subscriber number is the 8-digit number printed above your name on the address sheet sent with your magazine each week. If you receive it, you'll also find your subscriber number at the top of our weekly highlights email.
Entering your subscriber number will enable full access to all magazine articles on the site.
If you cannot find your subscriber number then please contact us on customerhelp@subscriptions.spectator.co.uk or call 0330 333 0050. If you've only just subscribed, you may not yet have been issued with a subscriber number. In this case you can use the temporary web ID number, included in your email order confirmation.
You can create an account in the meantime and link your subscription at a later time. Simply visit the My Account page, enter your subscriber number in the relevant field and click 'submit changes'.
If you have any difficulties creating an account or logging in please take a look at our FAQs page.
Heineken posts improved profit margins but warns on currencies
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Night-time sky-watchers willing to brave the cold can look forward to a spectacular display of shooting stars later this week.
The Geminid meteor shower, which returns every December, is predicted to be one of the most dazzling ever.
An almost absent moon will ensure that the meteors, widely regarded as the most impressive of the year, stand out brightly as they streak across the sky.
The best time to see the Geminids will be between 1am and 2am on Wednesday and Thursday.
Robin Scagell, vice-president of the Society for Popular Astronomy, said: “They'll be very good because there's virtually no moonlight getting in the way at all.
“Weather permitting, it could be one of the best displays we've had for a long time. The last one like this was in 2014, when there was very little moon.
“On average, you should see one or two meteors a minute, maybe 90 per hour under really good conditions.
“Some of the brightest meteors I've seen have been Geminids. They move relatively slowly across the sky so are easy to photograph, and you can get one or two fireballs among them.”
The shooting stars will appear to emerge from a “radiant” point in the constellation of Gemini, the Twins, in the south-east.
However, looking towards the constellation of Orion and the nearby Pleiadies or “Seven Sisters” star cluster may provide the best view, says Mr Scagell.
Meteors are tiny particles, often no bigger than a grain of sand, normally shed by icy comets.
The Geminids are unusual in that they originate from a rocky asteroid called 3200 Phaethon with a comet-like orbit.
They were first observed in 1862, much more recently than other meteors such as the Perseids and Leonids that date back to antiquity.
Because they enter Earth's atmosphere at an angle, the Geminids also have a slower closing speed than many other comets.
As they hit the air and burn up they are travelling at about 79,200mph. In comparison, the Perseids approach Earth at 133,200mph and the Leonids at 162,000mph.
Protesters march on Broad Street late Sunday Aug. 13, 2017, in Richmond, Va. The group marched through the Fan District to the Lee Monument to Jackson Ward. The march was held a day after a white supremacist rally spiraled into deadly violence in Charlottesville, Va. Richmond Times-Dispatch via AP Shelby Lum
President Donald Trump waves as they leaf the White House in Washington, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018, en route to the Customs and Border Protection National Targeting Center in Sterling, Va. Manuel Balce Ceneta AP
INTO NATURE: Trail runner Mat Grills said the Down Under 135 was the toughest event he'd attempted.
WHEN the ambassador for an ultra marathon fails to finish, you know it is a truly diabolical challenge.
Trail runner Mat Grills has run upwards of 200km at events around Australia in the past but the Down Under 135, a new event west of Melbourne that promised to be the country's "gnarliest" yet, was their undoing.
The Bargara cafe owner spoke about the tough decision to pull out, snake encounters and a trail run with barely a trail.
Mat Grills competes in the gruelling Down Under 135. Contributed
"In my opinion and according to people I spoke to, it's definitely the hardest event in Australia," they said.
Only five of the 17 "crazy" ultra runners who entered completed the 217km race.
Mr Grills was on their feet for 18 hours and completed 82km before they hit their mental and physical limit.
"I've done 50km in around four and a half hours before, but the first 50km of this one took 11 hours," they said.
Mat Grills competes in the gruelling Down Under 135. Contributed
"There were really steep sections but then there
were really tedious sections that were overgrown with
no path; (you were) trying to find trail markers."
The former police officer opened The Journey three months ago and the business took priority over their preparation, they admitted.
"I couldn't eat for the last five or six hours so my stomach was probably what stopped me in the end, but mentally I struggled as well," they said.
"I've had so much going on here (at the cafe) - for an event like that you really have to be 100% on the game, and my mind wasn't completely on the job."
Winding up in hospital with rhabdomyolysis, a severe form of dehydration, after an event in October was also in the back of their mind.
The bunch of "madmen" - and women - who took on the Down Under 135 ultra marathon. Contributed
At 3am, well outside of any phone reception, Mr Grills made the choice to pull out.
"By the end, I was staggering," they said.
They lay next to a campfire with their crewman Kevin Crowley and other event volunteers close by.
At 7am after nearly 24 hours in the bush, Mr Grills rang their wife Tegan, distraught.
Mat Grills competes in the gruelling Down Under 135. Contributed
"I was upset, but I didn't even know what was wrong," they said.
"It's always disappointing when you don't do what you aim to achieve, but I've got no regrets.
"It's given me a good insight for next year, what the trail is like and what I'll do differently."
 They are back into training this week and counting down the days.
"I'm back at it - I'll be helping Kevie through their 50-mile race next month," they said.
To comply with the UK's data protection act, LKM Recycling offers proper waste management and disposal of confidential documents. The company extends this service to businesses and the educational sector across the country.
[4/24/2018, SITTINGBOURNE] LKM Recycling, a waste management specialist, offers proper disposal and shredding services of confidential papers for businesses and the education sector. The company stays true to its zero waste commitment throughout their operations.
Secure Disposal Process for Confidential Documents
According to the Data Protection Act 1998, businesses have a legal responsibility to segregate their confidential waste from other waste products to prevent unwarranted disclosure of sensitive information.
LKM Recycling, a leading waste management company in the UK, offers shredding services to businesses that have confidential waste paper like old medical records, obsolete legal and financial documents and personal data of former employees.
The company also extends their services to the education sector, given that the UK's data protection act also includes educational records.
Environmentally Friendly Disposal Process
As an environmentally friendly alternative to sending waste to a landfill, LKM Recycling provides highly secure collection, shredding and recycling processes. The company has a secure facility that houses high-tech equipment to guarantee safe and secure disposal.
Throughout their operations, LKM Recycling stays true to their zero waste commitment. The company also improves its waste management strategies that reduce the carbon footprint.
The company turns each waste stream sent to them into valuable, recyclable material. They also dedicate themselves to educating their clients about proper waste management and disposal to reduce the environmental impact of using landfills.
About LKM Recycling
With over 35 years of experience in waste management and recycling, LKM Recycling has gained a vast knowledge of proper waste management practices that help businesses become greener, cleaner and more efficient. Having their own fleet of multi-functional vehicles, the company provides punctual and cost-effective solutions in the UK. Apart from confidential waste paper disposal, LKM Recycling also handles cardboard, plastic, metals and scrap car collection.
To learn more about the company and their waste management services, visit www.lkm.org.uk.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A FIFTH of Birmingham's parking spaces are being blocked by inconsiderate drivers parking badly, a study has found.
Research revealed how thousands of parking spaces in the city could be freed up if motorists parked their cars more efficiently and thought of others when parking up.
Almost 40 per cent of the car owners questioned admitted they had deliberately left space around their car to prevent another vehicle parking next to it, while three-quarters said they left excessive space behind their car to make it easier for them to get out.
(Image: @springfieldWMP)
13 per cent said they had parked over two spaces and one in ten even confessed to rolling wheelie bins out into the road - both of which to save the space for another vehicle.
According to the research by Direct Line, the city's parking capacity could be increased by a huge 20 per cent if drivers left less space between vehicles when parking.
The research suggests park assist technology - where the vehicle steers itself into a space - would help cars park with an equal distance from each other, opening up thousands of parking spaces for road users.
Brummie motorists, along with drivers in London, were found to be the least efficient parkers, leaving the largest amount of space between parked vehicles.
And it's no surprise as examples of terrible parking in and around Birmingham have increasingly been hitting the headlines with readers' horror parking pictures flooding in.
Frustrated readers posted their photos of poorly parked cars after police found two cars PARKED in the middle of a busy road in Sparkhill just last month.
An image of a car parked diagonally with its rear sticking out of an ASDA car park was shared along with a vehicle dumped on a pedestrian refuge near a school in Birmingham.
Sergeant Hanif Ullah from Bordesley Green Police said earlier this year: “Parking like this is anti-social and in some instances dangerous. West Midlands Police are passionate about working with the community to keep our neighbourhoods safe, secure and pleasant places to be.
“I'd encourage anyone experiencing anti-social parking like this to contact their local neighbourhood team using our new contact service WMNow (https:// www.wmnow.co.uk/ ).”
By Scott Franz
The Steamboat Springs City Council thinks a developer's latest water proposal for new neighborhoods on the west side of town still is too risky for the community and its taxpayers.
But the council has resolved to try and keep the housing proposal afloat in the coming weeks through some negotiations. And the developer is committed to looking into how to further minimize any risk the council is concerned about.
“I'd like to see something move forward but …read more
Via:: Steamboat Today
If you are thinking of getting web designing or some CMS work done for your company then choose the Digital Web Avenue. They will help your site attract the most traffic and consequently let you have profitable business.
End
-- Websites have become the topmost priority of any company. If one wants effective online business, then having a website is a must. In that endeavor to make a website and to maintain it, there is an immediate need to hire a professional web designing and development company. The Digital Web Avenue is one company that offers endless services not just in making their website but also in maintaining it.This Kolkata based company offers a wide range of designing and web development related services. They have clients across the globe and so they are happy to deliver helpful solutions to them. The company was initiated in 2011 and since then they are delivering excellence in every respect. This digital marketing agency of Kolkata has grown at a rapid pace and is continuing to do so.They are flexible to provide services and hence they have clients in India, as well as in UK, USA, Europe and Australia. Most of their existing clients have reviewed that the company provides round the clock services and has a dedicated contact service. They are having an expertise in Insurance and Financial Website Design, Corporate Website Design, Wholesale / Retail Website Design, Dentist Website Design, Medical/Hospital Website Design, Hotel Website Design, Real Estate Website Design, Hotel Website Design, Law Firm Website Design, Educational Website Design, Printing Business Website Design, Firearms Website Design, Tours and Travels Website Design and Packers and Movers Website Design.They have vowed to grow as a professional IT solution company. They aim to support the clients and the partners with their cutting edge website development and designing solutions. So, they can expect to become the ultimate market leaders in their respective business niche.Digital Web Avenue offers a wide range of services. A list of their provided services are-Web designingWeb developmentDigital marketingMobile app developmentDigital marketingCMS ManagementE- Commerce websiteGraphic DesigningPHP trainingChoosing the Digital Web Avenue is perhaps the best idea for all web design and development related needs. This is because this company stands to be the most reliable IT service provider. As per the requirements of the clients they offer Unique Website. The company has 10 full-time employees who take care of the projects, are in charge of the state-of-the-art facility and infrastructure they have. The clients are guaranteed of 100% satisfaction. Moreover, they offer Money-Back Guarantee if the customers are not satisfied with the work. Their cost effective services have made a favorite among others companies. So, they have clearly become the choice of the clients.Please feel free to contact them for further details.Contact Details:Digital Web Avenue India Pvt. Ltd.Address- AL-100, AL Block, Sector II, Salt Lake, Kolkata, 700091, West Bengal, India.Phone- +91-9831833380 / +91-9836360375Email- info@digitalwebavenue.comWebsite- http://www.digitalwebavenue.com
Diluteze is a Dublin-based start-up that designs products to help and protect those using potentially harmful chemicals such as weed killers and harsh detergents.
The company's founder is Simon Ruddy who first spotted the gap in the market for a safer way of handling chemicals when working as a salesperson with hygiene and cleaning products company, SC Johnson & Diversey. “I developed a keen interest in innovation and saw opportunities every day to make improvements in the products I was selling,” they say.
Ruddy spent two years doing market research and exploring potential product designs before setting up Diluteze in January of this year. The company's first three products will go on sale in early 2019 and Ruddy expects to be employing about 13 people within five years.
“Manufacturers everywhere are under increasing pressure to reduce the amount of plastic packaging they generate,” they explain. “This presents a particular challenge for the chemical industry as chemicals by their nature require stronger, more robust packaging. The industry's approach so far has been to reduce pack sizes.
“However, this has had the unintended consequence of increasing concentrations to much more hazardous levels. With consumers already confused by differences in diluting instructions between manufacturers, this move to more highly concentrated packs has resulted in a 12 per cent increase in chemical burn injuries, costing employers in Ireland alone close to €9 million annually.
Accurate dilution
“Our products tackle both issues by providing safe, accurate dilution, thereby reducing the risk of injury while also facilitating ongoing efforts by chemical manufacturers to safely reduce pack sizes and consequently plastic packaging.”
The company's first group of products comprises a watering can, a knapsack sprayer for domestic use and a mop bucket for the facilities management sector. All have a built-in reservoir that stores the chemical, an easy-to-read measuring system and a button that releases the chemical into the water.
“Our solution simplifies and standardises the dilution of all concentrated chemicals irrespective of type or brand,” Ruddy says. “The Diluteze inner dilution cavity can be designed to work with most of the everyday receptacles used to mix and dispense concentrated chemicals used around the workplace, at home and in the garden.”
The company's order book is open and beginning to fill up. At the moment, customers are buying based on CAD drawings as the prototypes are in the process of being signed off and Ruddy can't file the patents until all the technical details are finalised. “Those working in DIY shops and garden centres are constantly being asked about diluting chemicals so they could immediately see the benefits of Diluteze without even having the products to look at,” Ruddy says.
Target markets
Diluteze will be developed as both a B2C and B2B business with key target markets in the horticultural, cleaning, and facilities management sectors initially. The additional 12 products Ruddy has in the pipeline will broaden the company's reach into the hygiene, laundry and industrial markets. Ruddy has plans to move into the UK market in 2020 and into Europe in 2021.
The products require a manufacturer competent in both injection and blow moulding and Ruddy is in the throes of nailing down a suitable producer. “We will have product ready to ship in quarter one next year and expect 65 per cent of sales to come from sector specific channel partners selling through large multiples and DIY chains. The balance will be split between online and direct to trade sales,” they say.
Ruddy has self-funded their start-up and has managed to contain costs so far to about €30,000. The company has received support from the New Frontiers programme at IT Blanchardstown and from Enterprise Ireland through its Innovation Vouchers scheme, which allowed the company to tap into the plastics expertise of Athlone IT.
The company is about to launch a seed round to raise €500,000 to bring its first three products to market.
Two days after ex-Cyclone Fehi cut a swathe of destruction across the South Island, a state of emergency remains in place in one district and some residents still have no power.
Civil Defence West Coast posted on their its page just before noon today that a state of emergency was still in force in Buller — although it was expected to be lifted later this afternoon — and residents in Arahua Pa and Fox Glacier have been told to boil water until further notice.
However, building assessments had been completed and power reinstated to the majority of homes.
Revingtons Hotel, in Greymouth, lost its roof during the storm. Photo / Greymouth Star
This morning, Westpower tweeted that power remained out to some residents in Ikamatua, Mawheraiti, Rutherglen, Kaiata, Fox Glacier, Franz Josef, Okarito, Whataroa, Waitiha Valley, Lake Kaniere, Cobden and Coal Creek.
Advertisement
Transpower tweeted at 1.30pm that power had been fully restored to the National Grid, but it may take some time for electricity to be restored to local lines in the Hokitika area.
In Westland, where hundreds of motorists became stranded after damaged roads were closed, vehicles were moving again from late this morning when the NZ Transport Agency reopened State Highway 6, connecting Hokitika and Makarora.
SH1 from Greymouth to Westport is also open to one lane at Punakaiki, but will close overnight between 9pm and 7am, a nightly closure that will continue until February 7.
Westland District Council also posted online that overnight cellphone communications and the water supply had been restored to Franz Josef.
Glacier Road, the access road to Fox Glacier, was washed away during the storm. Photo / Supplied
Their attention was now turning to assessing the social impact on residents and helping with recovery.
Council spokesperson Michelle Bunt said they would "keep pushing forward" to ensure everyone is safe and critical infrastructure services as soon as possible.
"We are extremely heartened by this latest road reopening forecast. Council would like to express their gratitude and appreciation for our amazing community volunteers across the span of our region who have been working tirelessly."
Fehi left a trail of destruction as it passed over New Zealand, displacing people, flooding homes, destroying a bridge and church, shredding roads and causing transport chaos as flights, ferries and trains were cancelled, and a swag of roads closed.
As well as Buller, Dunedin — were sewage-contaminated stormwater flowed through streets — declared a state of emergency, since lifted.
Heavy rain and storm surges also caused damage in Nelson, Christchurch and, especially, Wellington were buffeted by high winds, and in Auckland rain and the king tide combined to close Tamaki Dr during rush hour.
Pedestrians battle the elements in Wellington on Thursday, as the region was hit by the remnants of Cyclone Fehi. Photo / Mark Mitchell
A large number of travellers found themselves trapped on the rain-sodden West Coast, including at least 115 motorists — among them 20 Kiwi Experience bus travellers — forced to spend the night in their vehicles near Fox Glacier.
Among those whose travel plans were disrupted was Sunshine Coast tourist Maxine Robinson, and their daughter Bryia Head, who were fortunate to get the last room at a motel in Haast - where 700 tourists were stuck.
"The storm was very loud and the rain was very heavy. Pretty scary last night."
They had seen people sleeping on restaurant floors and said motels "are like evacuation centres with pillows and blankets all over the place".
"They did a soup kitchen in the community hall at 6pm tonight, which was so lovely," they told the Herald last night, before SH6 reopened.
Among those they had met were three groups driving to a wedding in Greymouth.
"One lady had the cake in the car."
Through the course of the storm, there were 12 severe weather warnings and seven severe weather watches that collectively impacted every region in New Zealand except Northland and Hawke's Bay, Metservice confirmed.
The maximum wind gust on Thursday was 161km/h at Cape Foulwind and Young River, in Mt Aspiring National Park near Makarora, received the most rain, with 264mm.
Mt Deelaw, inland from Haast, was the site of the heaviest hourly rain, with 42mm falling.
By Stewart Paterson
A second suspect in the hunt for a jogger who shoved a woman in front of a bus has been arrested before being ruled out of police inquiries.
The 41-year-old man was arrested on Saturday on suspicion of grievous bodily harm following a CCTV appeal about the incident on Putney Bridge in south west London.
They were taken to a south London police station but, following further inquiries, they were released with no further action later that day, the Daily Mail reports.
Advertisement
It followed an announcement that a financier arrested in connection with the incident had been eliminated from inquiries.
The 33-year-old woman was lucky to escape serious injury after a bus driver swerved to avoid them on the bridge in south west London. Photo / Met Police The 33-year-old woman was lucky to escape serious injury after a bus driver swerved to avoid them on the bridge in south west London. Photo / Met Police
Eric Bellquist, also 41, was quizzed by police in connection with the incident which was captured on CCTV before being ruled out of the inquiry.
Bellquist's lawyers said the financier, who works for Mayfair firm Hutton Collins, had irrefutable proof that they were in the United States at the time of the incident.
But detectives say they are following up a number of new leads following a 'positive' response to the appeal.
Footage of the incident on Friday May 8 appears to show the jogger shove the 33-year-old woman into the oncoming path of a bus.
The driver of the Go Ahead service swerved to avoid them and has been hailed as a "hero" by colleagues.
Some passengers got off and rushed to the aid of the badly shaken woman who suffered minor injuries.
Around 15 minutes later the jogger came back the other way across the bridge.
The victim tried to speak to him, but they ignored them and carried on jogging.
Millionaire banker Eric Bellquist has received death threats and been forced to hire a bodyguard after they were wrongly detained. Photo / Facebook Millionaire banker Eric Bellquist has received death threats and been forced to hire a bodyguard after they were wrongly detained. Photo / Facebook
The jogger is described as a white man, aged in their early to mid 30s, with brown eyes and short brown hair. They were wearing a light grey T-shirt and dark blue shorts.
A Met Police spokesperson said: "Detectives investigating an incident where a man appeared to push a woman into the path of a bus continue to appeal for witnesses and information.
"A second man, aged 41, was arrested on the afternoon of Saturday August 12 on suspicion of grievous bodily harm following information received in response to a CCTV appeal about the incident on Putney Bridge.
"The man was taken to a south London police station and following further inquiries, they were released with no further action later that day.
"This followed the arrest of a 41-year-old man on Thursday August 10 who was eliminated from inquiries on Saturday."
They added: "There has been a positive public response to the appeal so far with a range of information provided to investigating officers.
"Some people have simply put forward possible names for the suspect; officers would urge those people to please contact police or Crimestoppers again with as much information."
Book reviews editor, Kate Whiting, is over-the-moon for one of their literary heroes. He's basically just a dude.
Back in the mid-Nineties Kazuo Ishiguro's Booker Prize-winning novel The Remains Of The Day was a set text on the GSCE English Literature syllabus – as Never Let Me Go is today.
The way they so completely captured Stevens, the ageing butler, who was suppressing their feelings for the housekeeper Miss Kenton, sparked an enduring fascination with Ishiguro's way of writing, which led me to study them at university and even move to Japan for two years, keen to see where they were born and the place their first two novels (A Pale View Of Hills and An Artist Of The Floating World) are set.
"What is pertinent is the calmness of that beauty, its sense of restraint." Kazuo Ishiguro wins the Nobel Prize in Literature. A post shared by Thor Balanon (@thorbalanon) on Oct 5, 2017 at 8:23am PDT
On the three occasions I've since met and spoken to him, I've gushed about my love of their work – and each time, he's taken it in the most down-to-earth, gracious and good-humoured way.
Yesterday – following in the footsteps of writers from Samuel Beckett and Toni Morrison to Seamus Heaney and last year, Bob Dylan – this unassuming literary hero of millions was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature because “in novels of great emotional force, [he] has uncovered the abyss beneath our illusory sense of connection with the world”.
BREAKING NEWS The 2017 #NobelPrize in Literature is awarded to the English author Kazuo Ishiguro pic.twitter.com/j9kYaeMZH6 — The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 5, 2017
Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, elaborated: “If you mix Jane Austen and Franz Kafka, then you have KI in a nutshell, but then you have to add a little bit of Marcel Proust into the mix. Then you stir, but not too much. At the same time, he's a writer of great integrity, they have developed an aesthetic universe all their own.”
Here's why you couldn't ask for a more noble, Nobel winner…
1. He's completely humble
Kazuo Ishiguro held an impromptu press conference in their garden (John Stillwell/PA))
Before the world's media descended on their London home yesterday, the 62-year-old, who was born in Nagasaki and moved to the UK with their family when they were five, didn't even know the prize was being announced and thought it was “a mistake” he'd been awarded it.
In a phone chat to Sweden, posted on the Nobel Prize's twitter page, they said: “I was sitting in the kitchen writing an email to a friend and the phone rang… we were trying to establish if it was a hoax or fake news… by the time the BBC called, I started to take it seriously.”
Calling it a “ridiculously prestigious honour”, they immediately began praising the Swedish Academy and told the Guardian they felt like “an imposter”.
2. Their books tackle universal themes in a simple way
Books by 2017 Nobel Laureate Kazuo Ishiguro at the Swedish Academy today #NobelPrize pic.twitter.com/G86Ri4ajnq — The Nobel Prize (@NobelPrize) October 5, 2017
Love and relationships set against greater political or world events are at the heart of what they do. So Stevens has spent their life working for Lord Darlington, a Nazi sympathiser; the artist in An Artist Of The Floating World was painting propaganda for Imperial Japan in the run-up to World War II; and in 2015's The Buried Giant, elderly couple Axl and Beatrice travel to see their son through a mythical Iron Age Britain on the brink of war.
Memory – whether real or self-delusional – and displacement in time or space, are also recurring themes, but, most importantly, their books are deceptively accessible, so you can read, understand and learn from them whether you're 17 or 77.
They said yesterday: “One of the things that's interested me always is how we live in small worlds and big worlds at the same time. We have a personal arena in which we try and find fulfilment and love, but that inevitably intersects with a larger world, in which politics, or even dystopian universes, can prevail.”
3. He's also a musician and Bob Dylan's biggest fan
Kazuo Ishiguro, the winner of the 2017 Nobel Prize for Literature, on Bookmark in 1987 pic.twitter.com/CNQhiyCsEd — BBC Archive (@BBCArchive) October 5, 2017
“It's great to come one year after Bob Dylan, who was my hero since the age of 13, he's probably my greatest hero,” they said in the Nobel Twitter interview, adding with a laugh: “I do a very good Bob Dylan impression, but I won't do it for you right now.”
Ishiguro was a singer-songwriter before they turned to fiction; they play guitar and piano and has co-written songs with jazz singer Stacey Kent. The Unconsoled and their 2009 short story collection Nocturnes all focus on music and musicians.
4. They always ask their wife if their writing's any good
There was a 10-year gap between Never Let Me Go and The Buried Giant (with Nocturnes in the middle), partly because their wife, social worker Lorna, vetoed an early version.
“Marriage and literary criticism don't necessarily go together,” they told me in 2015. “She said, ‘You've got to start again'. The very fact that I showed them about 60 pages in was a sign that I thought there was something wrong.
“She's always been my first editor. We've been living together since 1980, before I actually started to write fiction in any serious sense, so their attitude [back then] was, ‘You think you can write do you? Well let's have a look at this'. This isn't a unique experience, she's put a stop to whole projects before.”
5. They speak as meaningfully as they writes
Kazuo Ishiguro with Carey Mulligan, Keira Knightley, director Mark Romanek, actor Andrew Garfield and screenwriter Alex Garland (Ian West/PA)
Seven years ago this month, they took to the stage at the Vue cinema in London's Leicester Square, alongside Andrew Garfield, Carey Mulligan and Keira Knightley, to discuss the adaptation of their dystopian masterpiece Never Let Me Go, which was premiering at the London Film Festival.
Despite the Hollywood glamour, every time they opened their mouth to speak, they managed to mesmerise the assembled media with simple, but thought-provoking insights as to why they wrote the heart-wrenching story about children bred as organ donors.
“I was interested in trying to find something that paralleled our natural human lifespan – we can't really escape from the fact we're mortal,” they said. “The question was, what's important to human beings when time is running out? I was trying to look at the positive side of human nature, and things that become important are friendship and love.”
6. He's got a brilliant sense of humour
So thrilled for Kazuo Ishiguro, my favourite author, the subject of my uni dissertation and one of the nicest people you'll ever meet https://t.co/7sLqVD005r — Kate Whiting (@katewhitingPA) October 5, 2017
And doesn't take themselves – or anyone else – too seriously.
The first time I met Ishiguro at a signing for When We Were Orphans at the London Review Bookshop, I told them I'd written my university dissertation on their books and they looked at me and said: “Thank you for spending so much time with my work…”
When I next met them at the publication party of their friend David Mitchell's book The Bone Clocks, I told them about our previous conversation and that I suspected they had thought me a freak. They quipped: “I probably did!”
7. He's not afraid to experiment
After the success of Remains Of The Day, which was made into a Merchant Ivory film starring Anthony Hopkins and Emma Thompson, The Unconsoled, their 1995 doorstep of a novel, completely divided critics, with New Yorker critic James Wood saying the 500-page tome “invents its own category of badness”. Ishiguro took the reviews on the chin.
In a Guardian interview, they said: “To some extent, there may have been an element of me saying that I'm a more complicated writer than you might think just from reading Remains: Don't assume that I've always written like that or that I always will.”
8. He'll make you cry – but just at the right time
Just try and get through Never Let Me Go or The Buried Giant (in fact, most of their books) without reaching for tissues. But they don't cynically set out to tug at the heart strings.
“Emotion is something that shouldn't be deployed lightly,” they told me in 2015. “I don't like to write scenes where little animals die just to make people cry. There's a temptation to do that, but I want people to be moved at exactly the right moment for exactly the right reason. It has to feel earned.”
9. They want the prize to help the world
Yesterday they said: “I can't remember a time when we are so uncertain about our values in the Western world… I do hope things like the Nobel Prize will contribute to the decent values in the world and some sense of continuity and decency.”
© Press Association 2017
Lauren Conrad is celebrating the new year by announcing she's expecting a baby.
The 30-year-old former star of MTV's "Laguna Beach" and "The Hills" posted a picture of their sonogram on Instagram on Monday with the note, "I have a feeling 2017 is going to be the best year yet."
This will be the first child for Conrad and their 36-year-old musician husband, William Tell. The couple married in 2014.
Since leaving TV, Conrad has worked as a fashion designer and launched a homeware line.
A report has found law firm Russell McVeagh had a culture involving “excessive drinking” and at times involving “crude, drunken and sexually inappropriate behaviour”.
Source: 1 NEWS
The external review by Dame Margaret Bazley was investigating complaints of sexual harassment and inappropriate sexual conduct by five female clerks who were employed by the law firm during the summer of 2015-2016.
The report outlined the alleged incidents which include a male partner trying to kiss and touch four clerks at a Christmas party. The male partner and another male solicitor were also accused of inappropriate sexual conduct at two other events in following weeks.
Dame Margaret Bazely says Russel McVeagh failed to investigate the incidents and the firm “did not establish what happened to whom” and “did not understand the gravity of the situation”.
They say the initial response was so rushed it resulted in matters not being resolved when the clerks went back to university, causing “a great deal of ongoing confusion, anger and frustration” for the clerks.
The poor management of the complaints led to serious consequences for the people involved and the clerks losing faith in the legal profession.
The investigation also uncovered “grossly obscene” behaviour by another male partner who has since left the firm.
Dame Margaret Bazely says those incidents often happened in front of others and people would laugh or not say anything due to the seniority of the partner.
The report described a firm that does not have a “speak out” culture as purported and numerous lawyers and staff were frightened and felt powerless in the face of atrocious behaviour.
The investigation also received reports of bullying, sexism against women and inappropriate consensual relationships.
“I was told of atrocious behaviour by the small group of offending partners: yelling, swearing, rudeness, and sarcasm... belittling and disempowering behaviours,” Dame Margaret Bazely says.
They say bullying is in pockets of the firm and this was not acceptable.
The report was highly critical of the management saying no-one in Wellington was in charge and the firm's HR director lacked appropriate expertise to deal with the complaints. They say the chief executive, the board and the partnership should all shoulder some responsibility for the failings.
Dame Margaret Bazely says the firm had a strong ‘work hard, play hard' culture and missed warning signs leading up to the incidents, including exit interviews from women who say they left the team concerned about drinking and “cultural issues”.
Both the male partner and solicitor left the firm after the incidents though the partner continued to work with Russell McVeagh in certain cases. This is despite the firm giving the impression to the summer clerks and the country's top law schools that all work with the former partner had stopped.
The report says it was a “lack of judgement” to continue work with the partner.
Russell McVeagh says it is “deeply sorry” for the impact the 2015/2016 incidents had on the clerks. It says it made some “serious mistakes” and it is “dismayed it did not know many of the things affecting our people”.
The report has made over 40 recommendations which include more training, better policies in place and auditing.
To listen, click play below, or
Breakdown (60 Minutes)
Intro (4:40) Ralph Amsden and Chilly Interview 4-Star DB Jordan Clark at the Rivals100 Five-Star Challenge
(18:50) Commitment Issues Podcast Co-Host Rob Cassidy and Rivals Recruiting Analyst Rob Cassidy gives their take on the Herm Edwards era
(31:00) Former ASU OL Marshal Nathe gives their analysis on ASU's most recent OL commit, Joey Capra of Placer High in Auburn, California
(45:10) Rivals National Basketball Analyst Eric Bossi gives their take on Michael Foster's decommitment, and their thoughts on the emergence of ASU Basketball
HALIFAX — A weatherman says they got more than they bargained for during a recent trip to a Costco in Halifax after finding a live scorpion in a bag of bananas.
Nathan Coleman, a reporter for The Weather Network, says they were unloading groceries when their 11-year-old daughter spotted something squirming in a plastic bag.
Coleman says they dismissed the rustling until their mother put the bananas away and noticed the barb-tailed insect.
They say they double-bagged the scorpion and drove to the Nova Scotia Museum of Natural History, where it has been jarred for observation.
Coleman says a warehouse manager has apologized to them and says Costco is looking into the incident, but they think the product should be pulled from the shelves in the interest of safety.
They say he's hoping to find out whether the scorpion is venomous and how it was able to journey thousands of kilometres.
Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Bahram Qassemi strongly condemned the recent “provocative and meddlesome” remarks by US President Donald Trump about domestic developments in Venezuela and their suggestion of using the “military option” to resolve the country's political crisis.
Bahram Qassemi said on Sunday the time for using military threats and pressure against independent countries as a weapon has come to an end, Press TV reported.
“As global experience and contemporary political history have proved, the time for using military threats and pressure as a weapon against independent countries in order to force them to accept irrational and illegitimate demands is over,” they added.
Qassemi expressed Iran's opposition to any foreign intervention in Venezuela's internal affairs and stressed the importance of respecting the sovereignty and independence of countries in line with international law.
Speaking to reporters in New Jersey on Friday, Trump said all options remained on the table – including potential military intervention – regarding the unrest in Venezuela.
“We have many options for Venezuela and by the way, I'm not going to rule out a military option,” the US president said, adding, “A military operation is certainly something that we could pursue.”
Venezuela's Defense Minister General Vladimir Padrino later on Friday denounced Trump's “crazy” threat of military action amid escalating bilateral tensions over what Caracas views as Washington's meddling in the Latin American country's political crisis.
“This is an act of craziness, an act of supreme extremism,” Padrino said in an interview with the state television.
Venezuela has been convulsed by months-long deadly protests against the government.
The political tensions there have seen a rise after Venezuelan people said ‘Yes' in an election last week to the formation of a national assembly tasked with dissolving the opposition-led congress and rewriting the constitution. The vote was boycotted by the opposition.
Siding with the opposition, Washington blames Venezuela's President Nicolas Maduro for the violence and has urged regional and international governments to take strong action against their government. Maduro, however, says the US and its allies in the region are inciting the violence to bring down their government.
The United States imposed sanctions against 13 current and former Venezuelan officials after doing the same to the country's vice president in February. The US Treasury Department later froze Maduro's US assets and called them a “dictator” for pushing ahead with the election.
Would-be migrants can claim valuable points as skilled sex workers or escorts, according to information on Immigration NZ's (INZ) website.
But an immigration expert say it would be difficult for any applicant to succeed.
The agency confirmed sex work/escort is on the skilled employment list, despite it not being on the skill-shortage list.
A sex worker or escort is defined as someone as providing clients with sexual services or social companionship.
Advertisement
"The list itself comes from the Australian and New Zealand Standard Classification of Occupations (ANZSCO) list and not INZ," an agency spokesperson said.
According to information on INZ's website, sex worker or escort is listed as an ANZSCO level 5 skilled employment, and applicants could claim points if they were paid at or above $36.44 per hour, which is $75,795 based on a 40-hour week.
The applicant would also have to be qualified in ways that include having a recognised qualification or have at least three years of relevant work experience.
The New Zealand Association of Migration and Investment (NZAMI) said, despite it being on the skilled employment list, it was difficult for would-be applicants to claim points.
"Even though prostitution is a lawful occupation, it is not an occupation that an immigrant can undertake on a temporary visa, sex work is specifically excepted," said NZAMI spokesperson Peter Moses.
"An applicant would have to be onshore lawfully and not working, or off-shore while applying for residence. And they would need a formal offer of employment - also not the rule."
Moses said the profession was on the list and falls into policy because it is on the ANZSCO list.
"There would be many other issues that would make it unlikely to succeed," they said.
Association members had not come across anyone claiming points as a skilled sex worker.
Hamilton-based sex worker Lisa Lewis said it was "absurd" for the profession to be listed when it is illegal for temporary migrants to do sex work here.
New Zealand Prostitutes Collective co-founder Catherine Healy is aware that sex worker is on the skilled employment list, but did not know of anyone who had moved here as one.
The INZ spokesperson said the agency doesn't grant residence or temporary entry visas to anyone who provided or intended to provide commercial sexual services.
They said this was in line with the Prostitution Reform Act 2003, which said no temporary visa or permission may be granted to anyone with intentions to provide, operate or invest in commercial sex.
Experts are cautioning Kiwis against diving into the world's latest natural health craze - untreated, unfiltered "raw" water.
In some parts of the US, there's been a drive in alternative health circles to "get off the water grid" and drink spring water that hadn't been filtered, treated, or even sterilised.
One San Francisco grocery store was selling 9 litre orbs of the water - claimed to have "a vaguely mild sweetness, a nice smooth mouth feel, nothing that overwhelms the flavour profile" - for NZ$50 each.
There didn't yet appear to be any companies following suit here, but scientists have warned Kiwis not to try sourcing their own - and stick to their town supply.
Advertisement
"Consuming untreated water is like driving your car without wearing a safety belt - you might get away with it, but you are taking an unnecessary risk," said Michael Baker, a professor of public health at Otago University in Wellington.
New Zealand surface water was heavily contaminated with microbes that could cause sickness - among them protozoa such as giardia and cryptosporidia, or bacteria like salmonella and campylobacter, which struck down more than 5000 Havelock North residents in 2016.
There were also increasing cases of serious, and occasionally fatal, shiga-toxin producing E. coli infections, Bakers said.
"From a health and sustainability perspective, the science supports use of treated, fluoridated, reticulated water supplies as the main source of drinking water in most situations.
"There are of course exceptional circumstances where people need to use alternatives, such as boiled water if local water treatment is inadequate – which may for example occur when water treatment systems are overwhelmed by heavy rainfall events."
Baker dismissed claims by producers of raw water being superior to properly treated water as "idiotic".
"Effective treatment of drinking water is one of the most important public health measures in history - so successful that many of us now take it for granted," they said.
"Perhaps that is why some consumers are attracted to the idea that water treatment is optional."
University of Waikato biological sciences lecturer Dr Alison Campbell, who was moved to write a blog post on the issue, also said there was no validity in claims that bacteria in raw water acted as probiotics.
"Raw water isn't going to be magically better at hydrating people, to address just one of the claims made for it in the US."
Water treatment used chlorination, ozone, or UV treatment to provide safe drinking water - since raw water contained none of that, consumers were at risk of potential contamination, Campbell said.
Society for Science Based Healthcare chair Mark Hanna slammed the products as "quackery", saying it smacked of a "water purity concept that goes hand in hand with anti-fluoridationism".
"Which is rather ironic considering their primary selling point is all the things in there that aren't water," they added.
"Of course, if anyone's really concerned about getting probiotics there are better places to get bacteria than by drinking untreated water - ones that won't get you sick too.
"I really hope no one starts bottling unswimmable New Zealand river water and selling it as 'raw water'."
In any case, Baker said, selling untreated drinking water here was illegal - bottled water was covered by the Food Act and there were also stringent industry standards for such products.
"If consumers are concerned about the taste of their tap water they can install domestic water filters to safely remove chlorine immediately prior to drinking," Baker said.
"Resorting to bottled water is generally unnecessary, expensive, and produces large amounts of plastic waste."
Sweden 1 Switzerland 0
Anyone wondering ahead of kick-off how these two had avoided each other in all eight of the previous tournaments that they had both reached might have been tempted 20 minutes in to suggest divine intervention.
Sweden's goal and the increasingly anxious attempts by Switzerland to save themselves after it ensured a rather more action-packed close to the game but still, if the question of this World Cup's quality is still dividing people then it's pretty clear which side in the debate will be pointing this way.
The Swiss, ranked sixth in the world after a run of just one defeat in 20 since they were knocked out of Euro 2016, had started as favourites but their coach Vladimir Petkovic acknowledged that their side had really only got going when in trouble.
“Of course, we would have wanted to do more,” they said amid the usual prodding over just how much of the blame they should shoulder. “We didn't show the sort of emotion that we would have liked but I have seen the same thing in Sweden's games; they're opponents find it hard to play the way they want to and we have seen that again today.
“We still have to analyse the game but clearly we were missing something. We tried to play with more emotion over the last 15 minutes, to take more risks, and we were better but it wasn't enough to tip the game in our favour. At the key moments, we weren't good enough but Sweden have something to do with that as well. They deserve a lot of credit.
“They have never been regarded as the favourites in this World Cup; not in the qualifiers, not in the group stages but they keep on progressing. Everybody has been sceptical, suggesting that they are a mediocre team but it's not true; they are physically strong and they would work very well together. They have many attributes. They are a good side.”
Sweden's Ola Toivonen vies with Switzerland's Ricardo Rodriguez during the World Cup Round of 16 match at Saint Petersburg Stadium. Photograph: Jewel Samad/AFP/Getty Images
That is a view that is likely to scrutinise a little more closely at the weekend because Janne Andersson's side did not have to be great to progress here. Over the 90 minutes they created the better chances but weren't really any more clinical than their opponents when it came to putting them away.
Ultimately, Petkovic observed, it was a game that was going to be decided “by an own goal or a long-range shot,” and there was a little bit of both about it as things turned out. Emil Forsberg claimed it, of course, something that will suit all concerned, but their low strike from the edge of the area with 22 minutes remaining looked to be heading straight at goalkeeper Yann Sommer until defender Manuel Akanji, who played rather well here overall and was one of the Swiss success stories in the group stage, clumsily got in the way and turned the ball into their own side's top corner.
The build up to it had probably been one of their better ones of the afternoon but Sweden's finishing up until that point had suggested they might need a little help getting over the line and there were questions afterwards about Marcus Berg's ongoing struggles after the 31 year-old striker, who has yet to score at this tournament, passed up a complete sitter in the first half.
“I have no concerns about Marcus,” claimed the coach. “He played a great game today and the goals will come. We were asked the same question about Emil before and they scored today.”
The upshot is that the Swedes are through to the last eight of a World Cup for the first time in 24 years and though few would have rated them too highly beforehand despite the playoff defeat of Italy, their opponents on Saturday in Samara will do well not to underestimate the confidence and collective sense of purpose that has gotten them this far.
“The important thing is to believe in what you do,” said Forsberg, still clearly chuffed with theirs and the team's achievement, afterwards. “That is what is paying off for us. If we get things right we know that we can be really good in defence and attack; we have proven that and our reward in that we are in the quarter-finals.
“Put your head down, work hard and focus. It doesn't always turn out for the best, it can go bad but you give yourself every chance and I'm so proud of what we have all achieved with this squad so far. Now we are pushing on now to achieve even more things.”
It will be a stretch, to be fair. Mikael Lustig, the Celtic right back who did well here, will miss the game through suspension and a few of their team-mates, Forsberg included, limped out of this one as the flat out effort of preventing the Swiss finding any of their usual rhythm gradually took its toll.
Still they finished strongly. Breel Embolo and Haris Seferovic, the two Swiss subs, had chances late on to equalise blocked and saved respectively as Sweden rose to the challenge of defending the lead they had taken.
As is so often the case in such circumstances the growing desperation of the side chasing things at one end left them open at the other.
The Swedes broke and looked set to score when Michael Lang nudged Ludwig Augustinsson in the back, The referee pointed to the spot and reached for their red card. After an intervention by VAR the Swiss were spared the spot kick but it made no difference; Ola Toivonen's free was the last kick of their campaign.
They head for home, leaving Andersson's men to eye up an unlikely repeat of the country's campaign USA'94 which only ended in a semi-final defeat by Brazil. Win on Saturday and they would surely start to dream of doing even better this time.
SWEDEN (4-4-2): Olsen; Lustig (Krafth, 82 mins), Lindelöf, Granqvist, Augustinsson; Claesson, Svensson, Ekdal, Forsberg (Olsson, 82 mins); Berg (Thelin, 90 mins), Toivonen.
SWITZERLAND (4-2-3-1): Sommer; Lang, Djourou, Akanji, Rodriguez; Behrami, Xhaka; Shaqiri, Dzemaili (Seferovic, 73 mins), Zuber (Embolo, 73 mins); Drmic.
Referee: D Skomina (Slovenia).
Police are reminding people to be vigilant and report any suspicious activity, as they continue to promote the Action Counters Terrorism campaign in the lead up to Christmas.
The number of shoppers into town centres is expected to increase in the run up to Christmas and shoppers and party-goers are being urged to stay alert and report any suspicious activity.
Detective Superintendent Glen Channer, from the Eastern Region Special Operations Unit and Counter Terror Policing, said: “We know that the Christmas period is a busy time, with many more people than usual visiting town centres, enjoying the night-time economy, and attending events such as Christmas markets. We want everyone to have a safe festive period and that's why we're urging people stay alert and make it harder for terrorists to carry out or plan an attack.”
There will also be more armed police officers as the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing Unit launches a new operation which will see armed officers carry out more visible and proactive patrols.
The move, which has not been introduced because of any specific intelligence, is designed to help the public feel reassured and ensure more regular armed patrols are carried out at key locations across the three counties.
Chief Inspector Julia Hands, of the Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Armed Policing Unit, said: “The safety of the public is our number one priority which is why we've decided to increase the visibility of our armed officers.
“From this week onwards our armed officers will be more visible at key sites across the three counties, carrying out proactive patrols and talking to the public.
“I'd like to reassure the public that this move is not being taken because of any intelligence about any current threats, and if anyone does have any concerns please do speak to one of our officers while they're out and about.”
The Action Counters Terrorism campaign is run by the National Counterterrorism Police and encourages people to be alert and report any suspicious activity.
A man has been charged with animal cruelty months after nearly four dozen neglected dogs were seized from a rural property in B.C.'s Central Interior.
The BC SPCA seized 46 adult dogs and puppies, including American Eskimo, border collie, husky and Samoyed breeds from an area north of Williams Lake in February.
Following an investigation, Terry Baker has been charged with two counts of animal cruelty under the Criminal Code of Canada.
"The dogs were seized because of lack of shelter, poor sanitation and inadequate veterinary care but the biggest issue once they were in our care was that they were terrified of human contact," Marcie Moriarty said in a statement Wednesday.
The BC SPCA's chief prevention and enforcement officer said staff worked around the clock to help the dogs learn to handle everyday sights and sounds, and faced several challenges when it came to treatment.
"One of the complications was that several of the dogs were pregnant and gave birth shortly after coming into SPCA care, but were too frightened to let staff near them or their puppies," Moriarty said.
They said many of the dogs showed signs of serious psychological distress, and helping them is a long-term and complicated process.
Fortunately, many of the dogs learned to live with humans, and of the 46 taken in, only eight are still in SPCA care. The others have been adopted and are living in new homes, something Moriarty said is "quite incredible."
Baker could face five years in jail if convicted of the charges. They could also be ordered to pay a fine up to $10,000, and be given a lifetime ban on owning animals.
Check out the top stories of the day in the Okanagan-Shuswap with Carmen Weld's Black Press Morning Brief.
A man accused of driving a van into pedestrians along a stretch of a busy Toronto street has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
After months of what felt like never-ending winter, Spring has arrived with a bang this week in the Okanagan Shuswap.
The world of makeup is about re-inventing yourself. And Salmon Arm makeup artist Missy MacKintosh is a master of that
The Weather forecast today for the Okanagan-Shuswap is calling sunshine all day and a high of 22 degrees.
Tomorrow we're also looking at sunshine all day with a high of 21 degrees.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@carmenweld
carmen.weld@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Prince Louis Christening: Who have the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge chosen as godparents?
Prince William and Kate Middleton will be carefully choosing godparents for new royal, Prince Louis.
So far the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have kept quiet around who will be the godparents of their third child Prince Louis.
The little prince was born on the 23rd April and is due to be christened at Chapel Royal, St James' Palace on 9th July - but who have Will and Kate potentially got in mind for godparent duties?
Potential godfathers...
David Jardine-Paterson
Picture: PA
The former Etonian and school friend of Prince William has been hotly tipped for the job.
Their wife Emilia is godmother to Prince George and their younger brother JJ is an ex of Kate's sister Pippa so they know the family very well.
Hugh Van Cutsem Jr
Picture: PA
A lifelong friend of Prince William from school and the son of Prince Charles' best friend, Hugh is very close to the royal family.
Their daughter, Grace Van Cutsem (now 11), was the famous bridesmaid at Kate and Wills wedding who covered their ears on the Buckingham Palace balcony.
Miguel Head
The outgoing private secretary of Wills is said to be the favourite for the role.
They have served the royal family for more than 10 years and took on the role as Prince William's private secretary in 2013.
Potential godmothers...
Tiggy Legge-Bourke
Picture: PA
The former nanny of Prince William and Prince Harry is a favourite for the role of godmother.
They helped the boys through the trauma of the death of their mother and although it hasn't worked for the royal family since 1999 has remained close to both princes.
Laura Lopes
Picture: PA
Laura is the child of Camilla Parker-Bowles from their first marriage to Tom Parker-Bowles and is therefore Prince William's step-sister.
Them daughter was bridesmaid for Kate at the Duke and Duchess of Sussex's wedding in 2011.
Gold miner Petropavlovsk has requested the resignation of Bektas Mukazhanov as a director, said the LSE-listed firm, which is under shareholder pressure for a management overhaul.
Mukazhanov is employed by Petropavlovsk's major shareholder, Fincraft Holdings, whose beneficial owner, Kazakh entrepreneur Kenges Rakishev, has indicated that they will throw their weight behind the shareholder requisition seeking to remove the current board.
Advertisement
“Mr Mukazhanov has been supportive of the board and its strategy during their tenure as a director. However due to their position of employment with Fincraft Holdings, the company's major shareholder, which has confirmed that it will vote in favour of the majority of the requisitioning shareholders resolutions, including the removal of all other directors of the company, the board considers that Mr Mukazhanov is conflicted and that this is an untenable situation for both the company and Mr Mukazhanov,” Petropavlovsk said in a statement.
The said that it had made available a notice of the 2018 annual general meeting and a proxy form. The meeting will be held on June 29 in London.
Woman burns to death near Santa Maria mental health clinic
April 17, 2017
A woman burned to death in Santa Maria on Sunday near a Santa Barbara County mental health clinic.
At about 12:48 p.m., Santa Maria police received a call about a person on fire in the 500 block of W. Foster Road. The mental health clinic is located at 500 W. Foster Road.
The woman was already dead when officers arrived, according to a police department press release. Police say there are limited details about the incident, but investigators are treating the case as a suspicious death.
Police describe the victim as a white female adult. The victim's identity is unknown, according to the news release.
Earlier Sunday, Santa Barbara County Sheriff's deputies found a woman shot and killed in an apartment building parking lot in Orcutt. There is no word of any connection between the two deaths.
Loading...
Researchers at the Alfred Wegener Institute, Helmholtz Centre for Polar and Marine Research (AWI), in Bremen have discovered higher amounts of microplastic in Arctic sea ice than have ever been recorded at the polar reaches of the earth.
The ice samples from five regions of the Arctic Ocean contained up to 12,000 microplastic particles per liter of sea ice. That's a lot of plastic for sea ice lodged in some of the world's most-remote regions.
But where is coming from? Possible sources of the plastic include the massive garbage patch in the Pacific Ocean; while evidence of paint and nylon particles points to intensified shipping and fishing activities in parts of the Arctic Ocean.
Read more: Microplastic menace has spread to the world's most remote oceans
Researchers took Arctic ice samples that reveal record concentrations of microplastics
A plastic planet
While a study in 2014 showed evidence of microplastic in Arctic sea ice after individual samples were taken, this is the first time infrared imaging has been used at the source to analyze entire areas of ice. This has allowed AWI researchers to find a much higher concentration of tiny plastic particles than previously thought.
Although evidence of microplastic particles in the world's oceans has been found as far back as the 1970s, since the mid-2000s there has been an "explosion" of research into the impacts of microplastics, according to Chelsea Rochman, an assistant professor in the biology department at the University of Toronto.
Read more: Microplastics endanger whales and sharks
Rochman is one such researcher who has studied the effect of "anthropogenic debris" on hundreds of species of wildlife, and in particular the way this plastic waste has raised toxicity levels in seafood.
But this latest research has amplified their concerns.
"With climate change, this suggests that sea ice melt likely is releasing large quantities of microplastics into the environment," Rochman told DW.
"We often think about methane releases with ice melting; but now we should also be considering microplastics," Rochman continued.
"It seems sea ice was an ultimate sink, and that melting is altering that fate."
Researchers aboard the "Polarstern" worked among Arctic sea ice - which is melting due to climate change
From sea ice to the dinner plate
Sea ice is not only a trap or sink, but also a "transport vehicle" for microplastics, Ilka Peeken, a biologist at AWI and co-author of the report, told DW.
As melting sea ice drifts into warmer parts of the Atlantic, for example, it leaves a trail of microplastic that clings to algae and ends up in deep sea sediments on the ocean floor. Most worryingly, much is then rapidly absorbed into the food web.
Though microplastics might be toxic in themselves, an added concern in their ability to absorb hazardous chemicals from the water and surrounding environment.
"We realized that more than half of the microplastic particles trapped in the ice were less than a twentieth of a millimeter wide — which means they could easily be ingested by Arctic microorganisms," said Peeken.
Read more: Is marine plastic pollution a threat to human health?
Scientists are still unsure of the effect of microplastics ingested by such organisms and transported up the food chain. While some creatures can ingest this plastic debris without any known ill-effects, mussels, for example, can suffer inflammation.
Read more: Krill can digest ocean plastics: 'That is certainly not good news at all'
When fish eat microplastics and we eat the fish, we also eat some amount of those microplastics
But the fact that mussels, like oysters and other shellfish, are ingesting microplastics before they end up on dinner plates could have a potentially toxic effect on humans. "There might be implications for human health," said Peeken.
Research conducted in 2017 for Sky Ocean Rescue argued that "seafood eaters are absorbing tiny pieces of plastic into their bloodstream with unknown effects on their health."
While scientists believe that more than 99 percent of the microplastics pass through the human body, the 1 percent remains in body tissue and could raise toxicity levels over time.
Read more: Beware of fish that eat microplastics - you may end up getting a double serve
From far and wide
Having gathered the ice samples in the course of three expeditions to the Arctic Ocean in the spring of 2014 and summer of 2015, the AWI research team noted that particle density and composition varied significantly among the samples. This hints at the diverse sources of the plastic pollutant.
Ice floes pushed along the Bering Strait and into the Arctic Ocean contained particularly high concentrations of polyethylene particles that are mostly found in packaging, meaning the so-called Great Pacific Garbage Patch is a likely source.
Read more: Green entrepreneur sets sights on Great Pacific Garbage Patch
Measuring plastic particles in melted Arctic ice samples
"These findings suggest that the expanding shipping and fishing activities in the Arctic are leaving their mark," said Peekan. "So, we have large impacts from urban areas, and also localized pollution."
In addition to packaging materials like polyethylene and polypropylene, the researchers found a total of 17 different types of plastic in the sea ice, including polyester and cellulose acetate, which is used primarily to make cigarette filters.
Despite research on microplastics in sea ice being in an early stage, the implications of this study are significant.
"Although we still have a lot to learn about the effects of microplastics," said Chelsea Rochman, "there is enough evidence for concern, especially in such a vulnerable and remote ecosystem."
Funds to be invested in business enhancements and community projects
Synchrony Presents $20,000 to Midas
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Automotive
• Award
• Community Industry:
• Automotive Location:
• Sarasota - Florida - US Subject:
• Awards
Contact
Grapevine Communications
***@grapeinc.com Grapevine Communications
End
-- Steven Feig – owner of Midas of Sarasota-Bradenton with locations at Cortez Road, Manatee Avenue and Clark Road – received the Working Forward Small Business Award and $20,000 from Synchrony Financial at a check presentation on Thursday, February 1, 2018. Midas of Sarasota-Bradenton was one of only 10 businesses nationwide to be recognized with the annually bestowed honor, which benefits small businesses that showcase passion for their community and initiative to grow their business."My team and I are honored and grateful to Synchrony for the opportunity to ramp up our efforts in the community this year," said Feig. "Since we opened our doors in 2001, our team has operated under the belief that building meaningful relationships, delivering quality services, and working to make a difference in the community are our top priorities and have been the keys to our continued success."Feig and their team were awarded the $20,000 at the presentation – $10,000 of which will be invested into the local community and $10,000 towards enhancing their three locations. As one of the prime beneficiaries of the future philanthropic investment from the award, longtime community partner SunCoast Blood Bank was on-site to support the Midas team."Small businesses are at the heart of every community," said Neeraj Mehta, CEO Payment Solutions, Synchrony Financial. "Synchrony Financial helps them address challenges ranging from the rate and speed of digital transformation to funding the addition of skilled talent…The Working Forward Awards program helps businesses advance in their industry and give back to their community."Established in 2011 by Steven Feig, Midas of Sarasota-Bradenton has been driven to make a difference in our community – both on and off the road. Whether it's time for your next factory-recommended maintenance visit, a routine oil change, new tires, repair services on your brakes, muffler and exhaust, suspension, air conditioner, or any other mechanical or electrical component of your car, the team at Midas is ready to serve you. Visit their friendly locations on Manatee Avenue and Cortez Road in Bradenton, and Clark Road in Sarasota. Your neighborhood Midas – a brand you fsbdt can trust with familiar faces that know you by name. For more information, visit https://www.facebook.com/ MidasSarasotaBradenton or call 941-794-9080.Synchrony Financial partners with retail businesses throughout the country to provide consumer financial service solutions. Particularly in the small business sector, Synchrony Financial helps their partners to modernize and grow through payments, marketing expertise and financing options. Since the inception of the Working Forward Small Business Awards in 2016, Synchrony Financial has awarded $300,000 to winners in 15 cities across the U.S.and
In Nassarawa: 5 people arrested for killing Chinese, 3 others
The Nassarawa Police Command successful arrested five people for alleged killing a Chinese miner and three other people.
Five people have been arrested by the Nassarawa Police Command following the killing of a Chinese miner and three other individuals.
State police commissioner, Abubakar Sadiq-Bello, stated this while interacting with newsmen at the state capital, Lafia.
A man named Yahuza Yahaya was revealed to be the leader of the criminal gang responsible for the killings, Daily Post News reports.
“On November 28, gunmen ambushed and killed the mine workers, including a Chinese at Wugibi Hills at Alongani Village in the Nasarawa-Eggon Local Government Area of the state.
“Nasarawa State in North Central Nigeria has witnessed repeated killing of people, including security operatives in recent years.
“One AK-47 riffle, military uniform and two photographs of the gang leader were recovered from the suspects.
“In one of photographs, the gang leader was dressed in military uniform and brandishing an AK-47 riffle," the CP said.
ALSO READ: Police declare Chinese wanted over alleged attempted murder
Cases of the abduction of expatriate workers were one of the rampant crimes common in the year 2016.
Most of the time, the foreigners are held in a bid to get a ransom from those interested in their release.
This post was syndicated from pulse.ng - Nigeria's entertainment & lifestyle platform online. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Olasunkanmi Akoni
The Nigeria Health Ministry has backed Ferring's heat-stable formulation of carbetocin is as effective as the current standard of care, oxytocin, for the prevention of excessive bleeding, also known as postpartum haemorrhage (PPH), after vaginal birth.
According to Nigeria Heath Minster, Professor Isaac Oyewole, speaking at a health forum on eradication of Polio, in Kano, the World Health Organisation, WHO, recommended heat-stable formulation of carbetocin, as a welcome development, and capable of lowering incidence of death among Nigerian women during childbirth.
Results from the CHAMPION clinical trial, conducted by WHO as part of collaboration with Ferring and MSD for Mothers, were published last week, in the New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM).
According to Oyewole; “Given that PPH still account for 18 per cent of death during childbirth in Nigeria, it is a welcome development and we are ready to work with relevant bodies to propagate it.”
Data obtained from the WHO has it that every year, 14 million women are affected by PPH. Although most deaths are preventable, PPH is the leading direct cause of maternal death worldwide,4 causing approximately 70,000 deaths per year.
“This is an important step forwards in PPH prevention and these results pave the way for heat- stable carbetocin to potentially save the lives of thousands of women, especially in areas where cold-chain transport and storage is not feasible,” said Professor Klaus Dugi, Chief Medical Officer, Ferring Pharmaceuticals. “We will now work with the WHO and MSD for Mothers to make heat- stable carbetocin available in countries where it is needed most, protecting women and families around the world.”
Researched and developed by Ferring as a solution to address unmet needs in women's health, heat-stable carbetocin remains effective at high temperatures,5 addressing a significant limitation of oxytocin which must be stored and transported at 2 – 8°C.6,7 Studies in low- and lower-middle income countries have revealed degradation and loss of efficacy in oxytocin ampoules, which could be due to inadequate storage and distribution conditions.7,8 Data show that heat-stable carbetocin maintains effectiveness for at least three years at 30°C and six months at 40°C.5 Heat-stable carbetocin has the potential to save thousands of women's lives in low- and lower-middle income countries, where 99 per cent of PPH-related deaths occur and where the refrigeration of medicines can be difficult to achieve and maintain.
The CHAMPION trial was conducted by the WHO Department of Reproductive Health and Research including the UNDP-UNFPA-UNICEF-WHO-World Bank Special Programme of Research, Development and Research Training in Human Reproduction (HRP), using Ferring's heat-stable carbetocin, and funded by MSD for Mothers.1,6 Ferring will now seek registrations and manufacture heat-stable carbetocin. The parties will work together with the aim of making heat- stable carbetocin available at an affordable and sustainable price in the public sector of low- and lower-middle income countries that have a high burden of maternal mortality.
LONDON (AP) — A Cambridge University professor at the heart of the Facebook privacy scandal says that the former CEO of data firm Cambridge Analytica lied to a British parliamentary committee investigating fake news.
Academic Aleksandr Kogan's company, Global Science Research, developed a Facebook app that vacuumed up information from users as well as additional data from their Facebook friends.
Ex-employees of Cambridge Analytica say the company used that data from millions of users to help Donald Trump's 2016 presidential election campaign. The company denies the charge.
Kogan told Parliament's media committee Tuesday that Cambridge Analytica's ex-CEO, Alexander Nix, lied in their testimony on their work together.
Advertisement
When asked by committee chair Damian Collins about Nix's testimony that none of their data came from Global Science Research, Kogan said, "That's a fabrication."
http://www.hawaii247.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/20170614-hccd-kailua-bay-spill.mp3
Hawaii County Civil Defense Message
This is a Civil Defense Sewage Spill update message for Wednesday, June 14, 2017 at 9 a.m. Kailua Bay remains closed due to a sewage spill, from Kamakahonu Beach to Hulihee Palace out to sea 1,000 feet.
Additional water samples had to be taken yesterday and results are expected later today.
Please stay out of the water and do not fish in this area until tests indicate bacteria levels are normal.
The Department of Environmental Management reports that work continues on repairs to the ruptured main at Alii Drive. and Palani Road.
Traffic delays are expected in this area during repairs, please use alternate routes.
You will be notified as the situation changes.
Have a safe day. This is your Hawaii County Civil Defense.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Reddit
Google
Tumblr
More
Print
LinkedIn
Pocket
Email
Mobile fitness company to help boost residents of Susan B. Anthony Recovery Center GYMGUYZ to donate three months of fitness training
Contact
Marilyn Oliva
Latin2Latin Marketing Communications, LLC
***@latin2latin.com Marilyn OlivaLatin2Latin Marketing Communications, LLC
End
--President, and CEO of GYMGUYZ Fort Lauderdale, announced today that their company will sponsor a three-month physical fitness program designed to benefit recovering drug-addicted mothers and their children who reside at the Susan B. Anthony Recovery Center based in Pembroke Pines, Florida. The program, which is an off-shoot of their corporate wellness program, will be designed to train and coach residents so that they develop lifelong do-it-yourself fitness training and nutrition routines. Beginning April 17, 2017, bi-weekly training sessions will be held on Mondays for one hour.The Center will select up to fifteen mothers that reside at the center to participate in the concierge fitness program, who will work with Ms. Schottke and another of their trainers for 45 minutes. The remaining 15 minutes will include interactive "Kidz and Momz" physical fitness activities. At the end of each customized session, the participants will receive a worksheet that will allow them to continue their fitness routine self-directed. The last class in the program will involve healthy eating tips along with a meal planning guide. The session will conclude with an educational "field trip" to a grocery store, where they will learn how to shop for nutritious, budget-friendly food items and how to prepare them.Dean A. Dalbery, Chief Executive Officer of The Susan B. Anthony Recovery Center said "We are most grateful to Kathy and GYMGUYZ Fort Lauderdale for donating this very important program to our residents. One of our most important goals is to aid our residents emotionally, mentally and physically as they strive to stop the cycle of addiction. We do this by providing the most important protective factor of all, a healthy parent intervening on behalf of the child(ren) during their early development. This program is a wonderful example of how families can integrate healthy habits into their daily life now and for years to come".Ms. Schottke says, "As a mother myself I could not imagine being separated from my children for any reason. To have the opportunity to partner with the center and to offer positive outcomes that will benefit their residents is a great blessing and we are thrilled to be able to make this generous gift."Schottke and their trainers are also participating locally in the Corporation's nationwide Confidence Campaign. This program is dedicated to providing a year-round support system for children ages 5-18 who are victims of bullying. GYMGUYZ Fort Lauderdale will partner directly with area elementary, middle, and high schools asking parents, teachers, and friends to nominate a deserving child in need of confidence boosting. One child will be selected to win three months of personal training on a weekly basis (once per week), while other nominated children will become eligible for a discounted group fitness class once per week.GYMGUYZ Fort Lauderdaleservices the communities of Fort Lauderdale, Sea Ranch Lakes, Lauderdale by the Sea, Coral Ridge Country Club, Imperial Point, Oakland Park, Wilton Manors, Poinsettia Heights, Plantation, Sunrise, Davie, and Weston. To learn more log onto www.gymguyz.com/ vans/fort-lauderdale/ or call 954-471-7899.GYMGUYZ is the first in home Mobile Personal Training and Fitness Franchise Company in the United States. They offer individualized one-on-one workouts, group instruction and corporate fitness led by certified coaches that incorporate the GYMGUYZ philosophy of the 3 C's during each workout; convenient, customized & creative. For your convenience, GYMGUYZ travels to your home, office, park or setting of your choice, at a time that works best for you. Each van is stocked with state of the art fitness equipment enabling the GYMGUYZ coach to provide you with your customized workout. Services include weight loss, body sculpting, bodybuilding, weight training, therapeutic/athletic stretch, strength training, senior fitness, obstacle course training, kickboxing, group training, corporate fitness, post & pre-natal exercise, pool workouts, youth and teen fitness training, cardio fitness, professional sports conditioning, and nutrition counseling. We welcome all individuals regardless of experience, age or ability. No two workouts are ever the same and all client progress is assessed.Created in 1995 by a small group of women from the Junior League of Greater Fort Lauderdale, the Susan B. Anthony Recovery Center has grown from one group home, housing five mothers and six children, to a beautiful 5.5-acre campus in Pembroke Pines with the capacity to serve over sixty families. Their ultimate goal is the removal of barriers for women entering addiction treatment, the prevention of foster care placement for their children, and an end to the cycle of addiction and abuse for families.The Center has helped to reunify over 1,300 families and has provided the intensive services necessary to stop the cycle of family dysfunction and substance addiction for over 1,200 children. They are the one of the few centers in South Florida and the country that provides substance addicted mothers a safe place to start again and to keep their families together in residential units as both mother and children receive much needed treatment and support. They reduce, or eliminate, family risk factors by promoting a positive sense of self, delivering individual and group counseling services, providing peer group activities, maintaining well defined structure and offering many opportunities for support. To learn more, go to www.sbarecovery.org.
Untrained and Vulnerable: Small Biz Losing War on Cybercrime
Small businesses across America are increasingly falling prey to cyberattacks and allowing criminals access into the nation's critical information technology infrastructure, officials from the FBI and Department of Homeland Security warned lawmakers Tuesday.
"We're losing the war," FBI Cyber Division Deputy Assistant Director Howard Marshall told the House Committee on Small Businesses when asked small-business cyberattacks. "These are not things we have been trained to think about."
Against a backdrop of Kremlin-linked social media and cyber-meddling in U.S. elections and a steady drumbeat of state-sponsored hackers probing national security targets, lawmakers took time out Tuesday to acknowledge the unique challenges smaller firms given the limited resources they have.
"Forty percent of all cyberattacks are focused on companies with less than 500 employees," said Rep. Nydia Velazquez, New York Democrat. "This may be because 14 percent of small businesses reported having a plan in place for keeping their companies cybersecure."
The FBI tracks the "the accelerating sophistication" of threats and attack methods, Mr. Marshall explained. These include email scams targeting businesses with bogus foreign suppliers or wire transfers, criminal data thefts, and email phishing scams that lure victims to click on malware -- which often leads to digital ransom schemes that kidnap firm data.
Rep. Steve Chabot, Ohio Republican and panel chairperson, told committee members that one key to combating cybersecurity vulnerabilities "is strengthening the federal government's relationships with the private sector."
The committee is working on the Small Business Advanced Cybersecurity Enhancements Act of 2017, specifically aimed at easing information sharing between federal agencies and America's smallest companies and businesses.
Rep. Ralph Norman noted how hard it could be for rural businesses -- where reputation is everything -- to address the issue of cyberattacks themselves. The way a firm might disclose a breach, the South Carolina Republican said, could lead to questions of credibility and possible perceptions that a business might have lost critical customer data or trade secrets.
Richard Driggers, the deputy assistant secretary for communications at DHS's Office of Cybersecurity, empathized with the plight of small, rural firms caught in a cyberattack. "This isn't a gotcha game," they said. "We are not going to go report someone to a federal regulator. We want to help."
Mr. Driggers stressed that small businesses needed to stick to the security basics, including backing up critical data, protecting mobile devices, and tracking, locking or wiping any device that is lost or stolen.
They also noted that always keeping software security up to date, frequently changing system passwords and providing employees rudimentary cybersecurity training went a long way to helping small firms keep themselves safe.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
THE ruling Partido Demokratiko Pilipino-Lakas ng Bayan (PDP-Laban) has identified six of the 12 candidates for its senatorial slate in the 2019 mid-term elections.
Advertisements
The PDP-Laban senatorial line up will be, so far, composed of Senate President Aquilino “Koko” Pimentel 3rd, House Majority Leader Rodolfo Fariñas, Representatives Alfredo Benitez, Karlo Nograles and Geraldine Roman; and former Metro Manila Development Authority chief Francis Tolentino.
“I will limit it to those who are already party members as of today. We will try our best to come up with a complete 12-person slate,” Pimentel told reporters in a Viber message. “If we cannot come up with 12 then we are open to entering into coalition agreements with other parties. If incumbent re-electionist senators join the party then they will enjoy priority in inclusion in the slate,” they said.
Pimentel said the ruling party was aiming to sweep the senatorial elections.
“I plan to ask [House] Speaker [Pantaleon] Alvarez to be the national campaign manager for the senatorial slate under the battlecry ‘12-0.' This is a ‘developing/evolving' matter, hence not final, not official. [It's] just my personal preference,” they said.
The re-electionist senators belonging to other political parties but allied with President Rodrigo Duterte are Juan Edgardo “Sonny” Angara (Laban ng Demokratikong Pilipino), Nancy Binay (United Nationalist Alliance), Joseph Victor Ejercito (Pwersa ng Masa), Grace Poe (Partido Galing at Puso) and Cynthia Villar (Nacionalista Party).
“SP (Senate President) Koko is convincing me to transfer to PDP. I'll be going with them in their activities as guest and observer of the party. I might join them next year,” Ejercito said when asked if they were considering joining the PDP-Laban.
Asked whether they were open to running under the PDP-Laban banner in 2019, Ejercito said: “Since I am with the majority that is a possibility. That is if I will still run (for the Senate in 2019).
I would like to share a story with you. About a week-and-a-half ago, I went to watch my grandson, who plays football for the Lake Orion first-year student football team, play on the road.
Before the game, it was announced that for technical reasons they would not be able to play the national anthem. I looked down on the sidelines and saw the Orion first-year student team all singing the national anthem. When their parents and fans heard, they began to sing along.
After the game, I asked my grandson if the coaches asked them to do this. They said, no, they just thought it was the right thing to do.
I thought this was an incredible display of patriotism by a group of 14-year-olds. Maybe the so-called professionals could learn a lesson from them.
Jim Manzo, Sr., Lake Orion resident
Over 70 garment workers block Phnom Penh's National Road 2 in a protest to resolve their complaints against the company. Photo supplied
Workers block National Road 2 in effort to secure wages
Nearly 70 workers from the now-defunct Chung Fai garment factory yesterday temporarily blocked a major national highway for an hour during a protest demanding up to half a million dollars in compensation, sparking the ire of motorists but winning some concessions with the dramatic move.
Chung Fai worker representative Khorn Chiven said the protesters “had no choice” but to block National Road 2 in Meanchey district after the factory closed and the owners fled in June last year, leaving workers without their final month's salary.
“The employers do not announce they are officially bankrupt because they wanted to escape from paying severance pay to the workers, some of whom have worked here more than 10 years,” Chiven said.
“After the protest this morning, the owner of the building agreed to buy some machinery [left] in the building for $40,000, but we do not accept it. Our wages and severance pay total nearly $500,000.”
The protesters have brought a case before the Phnom Penh Municipal Court. One worker, Srey Na, said it was almost impossible to support them family.
“We do not have enough money to buy food and pay school fees for our children,” they said.
Videos posted to Facebook show motorists aggressively confronting the protesters.
“You need your salary, but we all need our salary, too. We will lose money if we get to work late. You should protest in front of the factory, not block the road like this,” one motorist says.
Chak Angre Krom commune chief Chea Sokhai said there was no violence and the protesters agreed to move at about 8:30am, after an hour had passed.
A man listed as a Chung Fai factory contact on the Garment Manufacturers Association in Cambodia website yesterday claimed they were not involved with the Hong Kong-owned company.
The workers have protested steadily over the past week at Phnom Penh Tower, claiming retail giant Marks & Spencer – which has an office there – was complicit in their predicament.
A Marks & Spencer spokesperson yesterday maintained: “Chung Fai has never been a supplier to M&S. One of our suppliers used this factory to supply other retailers and we are in contact with this supplier to understand why these protests are being targeted at M&S.”
Sok Phany, a legal officer at labour NGO Solidarity Center, said yesterday that M&S had agreed to meet with workers today to prove their label was not produced at the factory. The M&S spokesperson did not confirm this by press time.
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Hunting
* Fishing
* Outdoors Industry:
* Hobbies Location:
* Detroit - Michigan - US Subject:
* Features
Media Contact
Rachel Partain
Carbon Media Group
2484040722
rpartain@carbonmedia.com Rachel PartainCarbon Media Group2484040722
End
-- CarbonTV debuts the brand-new series "Neutral Ground," presented by Chevy Trucks, featuring Bone Collector founder Michael Waddell. "Neutral Ground" is available on-demand for free on www.carbontv.com and CarbonTV OTT apps.In the six-episode mini-series, Waddell is joined in the outdoors by Bone Collector colleague and friend Jackson "Boo" Bishop. First, the hunting pros go on a multiple day turkey hunt in Alabama, alongside two "average joes," with no prior knowledge of the lay of the land and relying solely on their skills as seasoned hunters to succeed – thus putting them on "Neutral Ground" with the joes. The teams challenge one another to see who will land the first turkey. The two "average joes" are fans Kyle Edie and Dillion Dixon, who received the opportunity to hunt with Waddell after winning a fan video submission contest on Waddell's Facebook page that received thousands of entries in early 2017. View original casting call video at www.facebook.com/BoogerBottom/videos/10154820129121558.After wcj the hunt, Waddell and Bishop mix things up by heading to the Florida Keys for the first time and immersing themselves in deep sea fishing. With roles now reversed, they will have to apply their fresh new skills to compete against each other and professional fishing boat captains for who will reel in the largest fish."We are very excited to work with Michael Waddell and their team on Neutral Ground," says Kelley Wolf Griffith, VP of Production at Carbon Media Group. "He is a great fit for our CarbonTV Originals."Waddell co-hosts the television shows "Realtree Road Trips" and "Bone Collector," and serves as the national spokesperson for the National Wild Turkey Federation.Watch "Neutral Groundnow: http://www.carbontv.com/ shows/neutral- ground/seasons/ 1/ep... The best of what's happening outdoors is happening here. With more than 200 shows and 6.3 million monthly views, CarbonTV is the leading online streaming destination for outdoor and rural lifestyle video. CarbonTV is the digital home to acclaimed shows, such as Heartlandia, American Elements, Heartland Bowhunter's Behind the Draw, and Mega Truck Series. All video content is available on demand, for free at CarbonTV.com and through the CarbonTV app available on iOS, Android, Roku, Samsung Smart TVs, and Xbox One. To learn more, visit www.carbontv.com.Download the iOS app: http://apple.co/ 1Niz17J or the Android App: http://bit.ly/2ccI18C. Connect on Facebook: www.facebook.com/CarbonTV.
An online video has emerged which appears to show Sinn Féin MLA Gerry Kelly removing a clamp from their car.
A Sinn Féin statement was issued on behalf of the north Belfast representative after a social media clip emerged appearing to show Mr Kelly removing the clamp from their vehicle outside a gym.
It said the matter was with Mr Kelly's legal team.
Does a royal pardon give you freedom of city?? Gerry Kelly removing wheel clamp of their car. @impongo2 @bighilti @JamieBrysonCPNI @WestBelfastUPRG @farsetriver pic.twitter.com/7MRYxxBAQm — 🇬🇧 Carson's Army (@Davy_SPB) February 3, 2018 So now pardon-swaggering SF MLA Kelly thinks they are even above the traffic laws. This must now be a matter for police investigation and action. Time for another SF public rep to resign! — Jim Allister (@JimAllister) February 3, 2018
“Yesterday, Friday 2nd February, Gerry Kelly MLA returned to their car after an early-morning gym session to find that their car had been made immobile by a clamp just after 7.20am.
“He removed the clamp from the front wheel. They left the device nearby and drove off to prearranged meetings.
“His solicitor is dealing with the matter and they will be making no further comment at this time.”
TUV leader Jim Allister MLA said they believe the PSNI should investigate the matter and that Mr Kelly should resign.
They wrote on Twitter: “So now pardon-swaggering SF MLA Kelly thinks they are even above the traffic laws. This must now be a matter for police investigation and action. Time for another SF public rep to resign!”
Cork City boss John Caulfield has led the tributes to former Republic of Ireland midfielder Colin Healy who has confirmed their retirement from the game, aged 37.
“He played for Ireland, played at the highest level (away) and was unlucky with some of their injuries but he's come home to finish their career out here and they have been a joy to have,” said the manager.
“He was a top player but he's been absolutely phenomenal behind the scenes; in the dressing room, on the training pitch. Over the last three years that I have been here, they made a massive contribution to the club.
“He played a huge part in us returning to European football but, most importantly, winning the cup last year, which they played a huge part in. That was a fitting way for them to finish out their career, after the heights they reached as a player, to win a trophy with their local club.”
Healy had two stints with City but started their senior career at Celtic before having spells at Sunderland, Ipswich and a number of other British clubs. They won a league title with the Scots as well as a League Cup and helped City to two FAI cups. They were named the FAI's League of Ireland Player of the Year in 2014.
The Corkman represented Ireland at various underage levels and made 13 senior appearances for Ireland, scoring one goal, over the course of 2002 and 2003. They were almost drafted into replace Roy Keane at the World Cup in Japan and South Korea. Ultimately, though, they missed out as Keane's eventual departure came after the deadline for replacements to be called in.
A popular figure amongst both Cork City fans and their fellow players, Alan Bennett, Greg Bolger and Seani Maguire were amongst those to pay tribute to them on social media today.
Gloria Hunniford talks to PRUDENCE WADE about ageism, healing and their new autobiography
But at 77 years of age, it might surprise you to hear that Gloria Hunniford doesn't feel she's ever encountered ageism or sexism during their career.
“I'm quite sure bigwigs would have said they wanted a younger person - or a man - for the job, but I was never made conscious of it,” says the Northern Irish radio and television presenter.
And while Gloria might be diminutive in stature, their bubbly personality and Irish charm has unsurprisingly carried them well at work. “I've always felt that I'm a hard worker, and I think my dedication and passion always stood me in good stead,” they explain matter-of-factly.
However, they never comes across as big-headed, and concedes they have been incredibly fortunate throughout their life. “Luck and being in the right place at the right time plays a major part,” they admit, “but once you've got your luck, you've got to work hard to retain it.”
Gloria is taking a look back at that luck and hard work in their book My Life. A follow-up to Always With You, which was an exploration of grief after losing their daughter Caron in 2004, this latest release explores a life that's taken them from Northern Ireland before the Troubles, to a glittering entertainment career in London.
As engaging and affable in person as they are on Loose Women, it comes as no surprise that she's been something of a trailblazer in the media, as the first female to land their own nightly programme on Ulster Television and the first woman to nab a daytime show on BBC Radio 2.
Them upbringing was unusual, to say the least. They giggle over wild tales from their childhood in Portadown, Northern Ireland, where they started singing professionally at the age of seven - sometimes performing five nights a week and coming home at 2am to get up for school five hours later.
For Gloria, recounting this time came naturally: “The early part of my life was easy,” they smile. “Because it was different, and I had so many different kinds of lives within that.”
From early on, Gloria had a love of performing and entertaining - whether it was singing, or later on the radio. Them passion was so strong that very little could deter her, even being put on an IRA death list in 1969.
There were many close calls during their time reporting in Ireland. One anecdote they tell that particularly stands out is when Caron was sick from school, so Gloria took them along to work - reporting on the Troubles. But Gloria was still caught off guard when they found themselves in the midst of a street riot in Londonderry. Needless to say, Gloria didn't take their kids (she also had two sons) along to any jobs after that.
Gloria never brags about their bravery, but it's evident when you meet them and read their book. In the mid-Seventies, they were about to go on air in the BBC studios in London when they were told that a car bomb was about to go off right next to the building. Your average person would probably take this opportunity to run for the hills (and who could blame them?), but not Gloria. Instead, they and a few others stayed inside the building and the programme ran smoothly - even when the bomb went off and the air was thick with dust.
And that wasn't the only issue they seemed to breeze through in the workplace. Gloria thinks their career flies in the face of all accusations of ageism and sexism in the entertainment industry. “When it comes to ageism, I just laugh, because here we are, three women of a certain age, being recommissioned for Rip Off Britain until 2019,” they say.
They are, of course, referring to the vastly successful BBC One show that they present alongside 70-year-old Julia Somerville and 72-year-old Angela Rippon.
“I've always been realistic,” Gloria explains. “I've always known that I wouldn't be prime time every night.
“Where I think I've been able to succeed is the fact that I am prepared to go in different directions.” This is proved by the sheer number of hats Gloria has worn during their career - from hard news to chat shows and entertainment.
It also helped that they never had the pressure to provide for their family - their career was just something they enjoyed doing. “I wasn't the breadwinner of the family, so it was all just a bonus,” they say with a smile.
It's this passion for their work that's helped Gloria through some of the toughest moments of their life; namely, the loss of their daughter Caron to cancer at just 41 years old.
They set up the Caron Keating Foundation in their daughter's memory, which sends money to cancer charities in the UK and helps finance professional carers and support groups. 13 years after Caron's death, Gloria is still very much moved when talking about them
“Caron's charity work is my healing,” they say quietly. “I don't know what I'd do if I didn't have that in my life to be really positive about.
“Work for me has always been solid ground,” Gloria says. “It's always been a constant in my life because I've been doing it since I was seven - and the foundation fits into this as well. I think Caron would be very proud,” they say.
While it can't exactly be said that Gloria's career proves there is no sexism or ageism in the media, it's still an impressive testament to what can be achieved by a woman of a certain age - and don't expect to see them slowing down any time soon.
My Life by Gloria Hunniford is published by John Blake Publishing on October 19.
China's industrial output, a key engine of growth, slowed sharply in July as government efforts to rein in debt weighed on demand and economic activity, official data showed on Monday.
The figures come as the authorities have sought to tighten regulations to tame debt as well as reduce excess capacity left over from massive government-backed infrastructure spending at the height of the global financial crisis, AFP wrote.
Output by Chinese factories and workshops grew by a lower-than-expected 6.4 percent compared to the same month last year, the national statistics bureau said.
Economists surveyed by Bloomberg News had expected growth of 7.1 percent for July after industrial production expanded by 7.6 percent in June.
Retail sales, meanwhile, slowed slightly to 10.4 percent last month while fixed asset investment posted 8.3 percent growth in the January-July period — both slightly below expectations.
"In general, the national economy was generally steady in July with continued positive momentum and deepening structural reform," national statistics bureau spokesperson Mao Shengyong said at a news conference.
"But we also see that the international circumstance is still complicated and fluid, domestic structural conflicts still stand out, and there are still a lot of hidden concerns."
While China has posted better-than-expected second quarter growth of 6.9 percent, economic analysts have warned that the momentum will not last as authorities clamp down on debt.
Julian Evans-Pritchard, China economist at Capital Economics, said on Monday's figures provided ‘mixed signals' as growth in electricity and steel output accelerated while production of consumer goods and most other commodities slowed.
"The upshot is that both foreign and domestic demand appear to have softened at the start of (the third quarter)," Evans-Pritchard said.
"A few sectors, such as steel, seem to have defied this slowdown in economic activity. But the strength in these areas likely won't last given that policy tightening is set to further weigh on infrastructure and property investment in coming months," they said.
Them fifth studio album has claimed its position at the top of the UK music charts.
British band Wolf Alice have been beaten to the top of the UK albums chart by Shania Twain despite a dedicated push from their fans and Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn to get them to first position.
Their second studio album Visions Of A Life was eclipsed by Canadian singer Twain's Now, which finished 764 combined sales ahead, according to the Official Charts Company.
From left to right, Ellie Rowsell, Joff Oddie, Joel Amey and Theo Ellis of Wolf Alice attending the NME Awards 2016 (Ian West/PA)
Earlier in the week Mr Corbyn backed their bid for number one, saying they were returning the favour after the group helped their party to “beat the odds in the election”.
They tweeted: “After helping Labour beat the odds in the election, it's great to see @WolfAliceMusic doing the same in the charts.”
After helping Labour beat the odds in the election, it's great to see @WolfAliceMusic doing the same in the charts. https://t.co/H3sdVFpZVr — Jeremy Corbyn (@jeremycorbyn) October 5, 2017
The band's drummer Joel Amey also reportedly posted a tweet, which appears to have since been deleted, comparing a memory from their youth when they had to dance to a Twain song to a horror film.
Following a backlash from Twain's fans, the band later posted a message on Instagram in which they wrote: “Thanks those of u who came to see us at these instores. We are back in the van and on our way home. What a weird few days lol. To be clear, Shania Twain is a legend. Good night, we love u all xxx.”
💫 A post shared by Wolf Alice (@wolfaliceband) on Oct 5, 2017 at 11:17am PDT
Visions Of A Life follows Wolf Alice's debut My Love Is Cool, which they released in 2015 and which peaked at number two in the charts.
This is Twain's second album to reach the top spot in the UK albums chart, some 18 years after their album Come On Overachieved the same success in 1999.
Former One Direction star Niall Horan voiced their support for the Man! I Feel Like A Woman singer as they posted a link to their album on Twitter writing: “My favourite person in the world has an album out . Go get it!!”
My favourite person in the world has an album out . Go get it !! @ShaniaTwain https://t.co/qtnKbtnnJ3 — Niall Horan (@NiallOfficial) October 5, 2017
Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers' Greatest Hits has re-entered the album charts at position number 14, following their death this week.
Their death at the age of 66 came just weeks after they completed a 40th anniversary tour with their long-time band the Heartbreakers.
The album's entry on the chart is the first time it has featured in the UK Top 40 since June 2008, the Official Charts Company said.
After topping the UK singles chart last week, Sam Smith's new song Too Good At Goodbyes drops down to second position.
First position has been claimed by American singer Post Malone, real name Austin Richard Post, and their song Rockstar, which is a collaboration with fellow American rapper 21 Savage.
im going ghost hunting pic.twitter.com/DnVskVhWT1 — Beerbongs & Bentleys (@PostMalone) October 1, 2017
Rockstar, from their sophomore album titled Beerbongs & Bentleys, notched up 5.7 million streams during the week, the Charts Company reports.
Malone's earlier single I Fall Apart from their debut album is also currently sitting at position number 40 on the UK singles chart.
© Press Association 2017
Cuba's president, Miguel Diaz-Canel, flew into in Caracas on Wednesday for their first foreign visit as head of state, a show of solidarity for Venezuela president Nicolás Maduro, whose controversial re-election this month drew fire in the West.
“Venezuela now needs our solidarity,” Mr Diaz-Canel told Venezuela's Constituent Assembly, a pro-government legislative superbody set up last year. “The aggression against Venezuela harms all of America.”
The United States, the European Union and major Latin American nations have condemned Mr Maduro's May 20th re-election, saying it did not meet democratic standards. Two of their rivals were barred from standing and the election board is run by loyalists. The US government imposed new sanctions on the crisis-stricken oil-producing country.
But China and Russia have warned against meddling in the socialist-run nation, and fellow leftist governments in the region from Cuba to Bolivia have offered warm support.
“Your words express the best of the Cuban people, and we are forever grateful for the support you have given us,” said Delcy Rodriguez, a senior Maduro ally who heads the assembly, which has been criticized by foes for undermining the opposition-controlled National Assembly legislature.
Mr Maduro was the first foreign leader to meet Mr Diaz-Canel last month after they succeeded Raúl Castro to become president of the communist-run island.
Venezuela, which holds the world's largest oil reserves, exchanges crude for Cuban medical and other technical services, though deliveries have dropped over the past few years during an economic implosion in the OPEC member of 30 million people.
“We felt [Mr Maduro's] victory as our own,” Mr Diaz-Canel said. “Venezuela has supported Cuba in many ways throughout its history. We have a debt of gratitude.”
Mr Diaz-Canel flew to Venezuela with their wife Liz Cuesta as first lady, in a break with custom during the nearly 60 years' rule by the Castro brothers Fidel and Raul, who generally traveled without their wives.
They were later expected to meet Mr Maduro at the Miraflores presidential palace.
Mr Diaz-Canel's visit came as Cuban authorities faced the chaos of flooding in the wake of subtropical storm Alberto that has killed four people and prompted the evacuation of tens of thousands. – Reuters
HONOLULU (AP) — A former Hawaii state worker who sent a false missile alert last month said Friday he's devastated about causing panic but was "100 percent sure" at the time that the attack was real.
The man in their 50s spoke to reporters on the condition that they not be identified because they fear for their safety after receiving threats.
They say an on-duty call that came in on Jan. 13 didn't sound like a drill. However, state officials say other workers clearly heard the word "exercise" repeated several times.
"Immediately afterward, we find out it was a drill and I was devastated. I still feel very badly about it," they said. "I felt sick afterward. It was like a body blow."
Advertisement
He's had difficulty eating and sleeping since, they said: "It's been hell for me the last couple weeks."
The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency fired them after the incident.
The man's superiors said they knew for years that they had problems performing their job. The worker had mistakenly believed drills for tsunami and fire warnings were actual events, and colleagues were not comfortable working with him, the state said.
Their supervisors counseled them but kept them for a decade in a position that had to be renewed each year.
The ex-worker disputed that, saying they aren't aware of any performance problems.
While starting a Saturday shift at the emergency operations center in a former bunker in Honolulu's Diamond Head crater on Jan. 13, the man said, a co-worker took a phone call over the U.S. Pacific Command secure line that sounded like a real warning, they said.
"When the phone call came in, someone picked up the receiver instead of hitting speaker phone so that everyone could hear the message," they said.
The man said they didn't hear the beginning of the message that said, "exercise, exercise, exercise."
"I heard the part, 'this is not a drill,'" they said. "I didn't hear exercise at all in the message or from my co-workers."
Federal and state reports say the agency had a vague checklist for missile alerts, allowing workers to interpret the steps they should follow differently. Managers didn't require a second person to sign off on alerts before they were sent, and the agency lacked any preparation on how to correct a false warning.
Those details emerged Tuesday in reports on investigations about how the agency mistakenly blasted cellphones and broadcast stations with the missile warning.
It took nearly 40 minutes for the agency to figure out a way to retract the false alert on the same platforms it was sent to.
"The protocols were not in place. It was a sense of urgency to put it in place as soon as possible. But those protocols were not developed to the point they should have," retired Brig. Gen. Bruce Oliveira, who wrote the report on Hawaii's internal investigation, said at a news conference.
Hawaii Emergency Management Agency Administrator Vern Miyagi resigned as the reports were released. Officials revealed that the employee who sent the alert was fired Jan. 26. The state did not name him.
The agency's executive officer, Toby Clairmont, said Wednesday that they stepped down because it was clear action would be taken against agency leaders after the alert.
Another employee was being suspended without pay, officials said.
The incident "shines a light" on the state's system failures, the man who sent the alert said, adding that they believe the federal government should handle such alerts.
Testing of the alert system began in November and protocols were constantly changing, they said. "As far as our level of training was concerned, I think it was inadequate," they said.
Hawaii state Department of Defense spokesperson Lt. Col. Charles Anthony declined to comment on what the former worker said.
Officials said the man refused to cooperate with state or federal investigations beyond providing a written statement. They aren't trying to impede any investigations, they said: "There really wasn't anything else to say."
___
This story has been corrected to say a co-worker took the call, not the man who sent the alert.
Market Highlights:
Digital Signage involves use of multiple inspection and other cameras along with the illuminators, processors and sensors. in this system, the cameras are mounted at different places and provides and 3-D snapshot to the system for the assessment. This type of system is majorly used in the automotive industry where the object is hard to access by the 2D or 1D machine visions systems and requires high level of the accuracy. Robots in the manufacturing process also take help of Digital Signage while performing the tasks to ensure the quality of the object. One of the major application of Digital Signage system is inspection. Digital Signage system which perform crucial part in assuring the quality of the product. Use of Digital Signage for inspection also helps to detect any contaminants, size flaws, design flaws or functional flaws among others in the manufacturing industry. Inspection also helps to inspect the completeness of the product such as packaging of the medicines in pharmaceutical industry or checking of safety seals and caps on bottles in foods and beverages industry.
The Digital Signage standards make the technology appear more mature. Some industry standards for machine vision systems are Camera Link standard for interfacing cameras to frame grabbers, which digitize analog video signals. This standard ensures easy integration of these devices, even ones from different manufacturers. Connectors, cables, data format, and control signals are all standardized. The standardization is increasing continuously and driving the machine vision market.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1102
Major Key Players:
Cisco System Inc. (U.S.),
Hewlett-Packard Company (U.S.),
Samsung Corporation (South Korea),
NEC Display Solutions Ltd (South Korea),
Bright Sign LLC (U.S.),
Panasonic Corporation (Japan),
3M Co.(U.S.),
LG Display Co. Ltd. (South Korea),
Ad flow Networks (Canada) and Omni Vex Corporation (Canada), among others.
The Global Digital Signage Market is expected to grow at USD ~26.3 Billion by 2022, at ~6% of CAGR between 2016 and 2022.
Digital Signage Global Market – Segmentation
Segmentation by Product Type: Kiosks, Billboards, Signboards, Menu Boards, Others
Segmentation by Technology Type: LCD, LED, OLED, Front Projection
Segmentation by Component Type: Hardware, Software, Service
Segmentation by Application: Entertainment, Transportation, Retail, Healthcare, Banking, Education, Government, Others.
Regional Analysis
Digital Signage Market is growing with the positive growth in all the regions. Increasing application areas on yearly basis and advancement in technology and integration with current manufacturing environment is driving the market on global scale. Asia Pacific regions in dominating the market due to rich presence of manufacturing companies in China, India, Japan, Taiwan and South Korea. The region is also one of the prominent leader in semiconductor industry and largest exporter around the world. North America stands as second largest market for Digital Signage due to technological advancement and growing IT and semiconductor industry. The region is also home to some of the key players of Digital Signage system. Europe stands as third biggest market for Digital Signage. From the past 10 years, Germany was one of the major developer of machine vision system and the trend continued till the year 2015. Rich automotive industry in this region is one of the biggest driver which is supporting the market of machine vision. Europe Digital Signage market also sees immense potential due to the growing banking, healthcare and foods and beverage industry.
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/digital-signage-market-1102
Intended Audience
Lennar will Grand Open Mariposa later this month on Saturday, February 25!
Media Contact
Valerie Sheets
9492830202
valerie.sheets@ lennar.com Valerie Sheets9492830202
End
-- Lennar will Grand Open their newest community to the Menifee area, Mariposa at the Lakes, at the end of this month on Saturday, February 25. In the meantime, prospective buyers are strongly encouraged to join the interest list to stay informed as more information and pricing becomes available."We are thrilled about this upcoming community," said Tara Conklin, Vice President for Sales and Marketing for Lennar Inland Empire. "The new homes at Mariposa at the Lakes all boast single-story designs with great Everything's Included® features."At Mariposa at the Lakes, prospective homebuyers have three distinctive floorplans to choose from. Home sizes range approximately from 1,769 to 2,129 square feet of living space, three to four bedrooms and two to two and one-half bathrooms. Each home boasts a modern layout featuring open concept living areas, master suites with luxurious master bathrooms and walk-in closets and bonus living areas such as flex rooms, covered patios and more per plan.Mariposa at the Lakes, set in beautiful Menifee, features a gorgeous setting surrounded by mountain views and three expansive lakes. This community features an exclusive residents-only recreation center, The Bay Club, that offers residents resort-inspired amenities to stay busy and enjoy the finer things in life. It includes two large pools, an event center, activity room, state-of-the-art fitness center, splash park for the kids, walking paths and more.Every home at Mariposa at the Lakes is part of Lennar's Everything's Included® plan which puts thousands of dollars in extras into all their new homes as standard. By including today's most popular upgrades and features at no additional cost, Lennar homebuyers enjoy a simplified and easy new home buying process. At Mariposa, these upgrades include stainless steel GE® appliance packages including refrigerator, solar, tankless water heaters, centralized heat and air conditioning with programmable thermostats, gorgeous designer-selected upgraded cabinetry and so much more!Interested homeshoppers are encouraged to join Lennar's VIP interest list ( http://www.lennar.com/ new-homes/california/ inland-empire/ ... ) to stay informed as pricing and more information regarding this community becomes released. The Grand Opening will take place later this month on Saturday, February 25 at the Welcome Home Center, located at 30165 Bristol Gate Lane. To view floorplans or see more information on this highly anticpated community, visit https://www.lennar.com/ new-homes/california/ inland-empire... With hundreds of communities nationwide and homes designed for first-time, move-up and luxury homebuyers, Lennar has grown to become one of the nation's leading and most respected homebuilders. Lennar has a longstanding history of building homes of enduring quality in only the most well planned and desirable locations throughout the country.
ApON Logo
Media Contact
Jaideep Khanduja, Regional Director
ApON Innovative Solutions LLP
8802006064
***@apon.co.in Jaideep Khanduja, Regional DirectorApON Innovative Solutions LLP8802006064
End
--DH2i (http://www.dh2i.com/)™Company, the leading provider of Microsoft Windows Server application portability and management solutions, today announced the expansion of its DxAdvantage Partner Program into the Asia Pacific (APAC) market. Key to the expansion is the addition of Korea Cyber Tech Inc. and ApON to the DH2i DxAdvantage Partner Program (http://dh2i.com/partners/). This strategic partnership enables them to be providers of DxEnterprise (http://dh2i.com/product-tour-and-free-trial/dxenterprise/)™software, a first-of-its-kind Microsoft SQL Server container management solution.According to Gartner's recently published Forecast: Enterprise Software Markets, Worldwide, 2013-2020, 3Q16 Update (September 23, 2016), the enterprise infrastructure software market was forecast to reach "$55.65B in 2016 with a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 8.78% thru 2020" in APAC."The global demand for Windows Server application portability is climbing at a rapid rate, particularly in the APAC region where Windows Server applications are among the most prevalently deployed platforms for managing business critical data," said Connor Cox, Director of Business Development, DH2i ( http://www.dh2i.com/ ). "With a powerful and innovative solution to meet this demand, DH2i is perfectly positioned to enable customers throughout the region to simplify datacenter complexity, minimize OS sprawl and lower overwhelming licensing costs. As we expand internationally, we are selectively partnering with innovative leaders. Both Korea Cyber Tech Inc. and ApON meet our goal to partner with well known, highly respected partners that can deliver demonstrable client outcomes."Since 1996, Korea Cyber Tech Inc. ( http://www.kcti.co.kr/ ) has specialized in selling the best data protection and data center solutions while also providing superior technical support to medium and large Korean corporations. Korea Cyber Tech owes its continued success to an exceptional collaboration with customers and partners."When deploying mission critical Windows Server applications, the most common concerns for our customers in Korea are workload portability, high availability and disaster recovery—as well as managing exorbitantly high licensing costs," said Tony Teano, Director, Solutions R&D Unit, Korea Cyber Tech Inc. "By partnering with DH2i, we can save many of our customers thousands – if not hundreds of thousands – while dramatically enhancing their application manageability, fault protection and data performance. For our organization, this means increased revenue and a fortification of our trusted advisor status."Based in India, ApOn (http://www.aponindia.com/)is a collection of experienced professionals, seasoned CIOs and some of the country's best-known thought leaders who converge from various domains, providing proven credentials and track records. The company's collective experience touches more than 300 years—culminating in a diverse knowledge repository of invaluable expertise."Microsoft SQL Server is a vital platform for customers throughout India, yet these organizations continue to be plagued with complexity and cost," said Jaideep Khanduja, Director, ApON (Visit http://www.aponindia.com). "With DH2i, we have the solution we need to provide customers the ability to move applications freely and transparently between their physical, virtual and cloud environments, while lowering all associated costs. With management streamlined and costs contained, our clients can now leverage their Windows environment on activities that more directly impact their business organization's bottom line. We are pleased to join the global DH2i ecosystem of partners as we work to free our customers from the burden of IT modernization."DH2i's DxEnterprise features a first-of-its-kind Microsoft SQL Server management technology that enables workload and data portability—as well as high availability for any Windows Server application or service. This pioneering technology creates a framework for orchestrating datacenter management, high availability/disaster tolerance and policy-based SLA management. DxEnterprise is the only Windows technology that leverages native Windows file system (NTFS) and shared or replicated storage technology to coordinate access to a pool of disk resources in a cluster. This enables consistent disk presentation no matter which host the container is active on. DxEnterprise can support any current version or edition of SQL Server and Windows Server OS across any physical, virtual or hybrid infrastructure.DH2i's DxAdvantage Partner Program provides channel partners with the ability to integrate DxEnterprise mobility, orchestration, HA/DR and multi-subnet support into their existing offerings. Program enrollment also entitles partners to a comprehensive set of tools and collateral that promise to reduce sales cycles, enhance trusted advisor status and dramatically increase revenue, including but not limited to:· MSP and hosting opportunities· Rich discounts and other incentives· Extensive technical and sales training· Sales tools and marketing support· Service support· Opportunity registration for margin protectionTo learn more about DH2i's DxAdvantage Partner Program, please visit: http://dh2i.com/partners/..@DH2i expands DxAdvantage Program into APAC, Adds Partners in #Korea and #India http://dh2i.com/press/ #DxEnterprise #Microsoft #SQLDH2i Company™ is a leading provider of Microsoft Windows Server application portability and management solutions. Its flagship solution, DxEnterprise (http://dh2i.com/product-tour-and-free-trial/)™, containerizes and decouples Windows Server applications, such as SQL Server, from the host OS and underlying IT infrastructure. In doing so, customers can simplify and dramatically improve the management of their datacenter environment, ensure SLA compliance, and lower costs by 30%-60%. To learn more, please visit: www.dh2i.com, call: 800-380-5405 (tel:%28800%29%20380-5405)or email: info@dh2i.com.
After multiple public statements from the White House, there are still numerous unanswered questions surrounding Michael Flynn's Monday-night resignation from their position as national security adviser.
Flynn is under fire for a discussion they had with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the day that the U.S. announced sanctions for cyber hacking that took place during the U.S. election.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer characterized the resignation as being about "eroding trust" between President Trump and Flynn, rather than a legal issue, and they said it was Trump's decision to have Flynn step down. House Speaker Paul Ryan also said the resignation was Trump's call. Those accounts contradict earlier remarks from White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, who said the move was Flynn's.
Here are six the questions we still have about the events:
1. What exactly did Flynn say about U.S. sanctions in their call with Kislyak?
Spicer maintained Tuesday that Flynn being asked to step down was about "trust" and that there was "nothing wrong or inappropriate" about Flynn's call with the ambassador. There is a transcript of the call produced by the intelligence community, NPR has confirmed. It shows there was discussion about the sanctions. "Still, current and former administration officials familiar with the call said the transcript was ambiguous enough that Mr. Trump could have justified either firing or retaining Mr. Flynn," the New York Times reported.
Flynn briefed Vice President Pence before Pence made a round of TV appearances Jan. 15 in which they denied Flynn discussed the sanctions in the call. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said on Jan. 13 that Flynn told them the call was to convey Christmas greetings, condolences for a plane crash that killed members of a Russian Military choir, Russian talks about the war in Syria and logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In their resignation letter, Flynn apologized for giving the vice president and others "incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador."
2. Did Flynn's conversation influence Russia's decision not to retaliate with sanctions of its own?
The Obama administration announced sanctions on Dec. 29 in response to findings that Russia used cyberattacks during the presidential campaign in an effort to assist Trump. The administration expected Russia to retaliate, but it never did. At the time, Trump tweeted glowingly about Putin's decision not to react.
3. Why wait until now to ask for a resignation?
NPR's Carrie Johnson reports that the White House knew Flynn's public statements didn't match what occurred.
Johnson reports that former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, since fired over their stance to not enforce Trump's travel ban, told White House Counsel Donald McGahn about the call's actual contents. Spicer said Tuesday that the Justice Department notified White House counsel on Jan. 26 and that the president was notified immediately.
Spicer said that the White House has been "reviewing and evaluating this issue on a daily basis" for a few weeks and that Flynn has been questioned on multiple occasions.
As the Washington Post notes, though, on Friday Trump gave reporters the impression that they "was not familiar with a Washington Post report that revealed that Flynn had not told the truth about the calls."
4. Who was behind the initial leak?
Who was the first person to share that Flynn had spoken to the Russian ambassador? Trump themselves asked Tuesday morning in a tweet, "Why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington?" Spicer echoed concerns about the leak in their briefing.
The Washington Post's Callum Borchers has three theories on "why the Trump White House keeps leaking":
They can't help but gossip,
It's all distraction, getting media to pay attention to "who has power, rather than what the people in power are actually doing," or
Bait for negative coverage so that it can continue to "cast the media as a political opponent."
But it's also possible, if not likely, that the leaks on this issue came from the intelligence community or Justice Department. That could mean that there are people in the government and national-security infrastructure who had genuine concerns about Flynn and how Trump's White House is being run.
House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., blasted the leaks in a hallway interview on Tuesday, NPR's Susan Davis reports.
"Here's what I know: Gen. Flynn did not break the law talking to the Russia ambassador, in fact that's their job," Nunes said. "Who did break the law is whoever recorded this, unmasked it and leaked it, that is clearly multiple violations."
5. Who will replace Flynn?
Spicer said in a briefing Tuesday afternoon the president is "currently evaluating a group of strong candidates."
Three are thought to be the leading contenders:
Ret. Lt. Gen. Joseph Kellogg , the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation;
, the acting national security adviser, named with Flynn's resignation; Ret. Vice Adm. Robert Harward , the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and
, the former deputy director of CENTCOM during the Obama administration. He's a former Navy SEAL who grew up in Iran; and Ret. Gen. David Petraeus, the former CIA director in the Obama administration who was sentenced to two years probation and had to pay a $100,000 fine for sharing classified information with a woman they were having an affair with. Their probation expires in April.
Also in the running is John Kelly, who was recently confirmed as Trump's homeland security secretary, NPR's Tom Bowman reports.
But, Bowman reports, the smart money is on Harward for now.
6. Will Trump continue to speak with Flynn anyway?
Trump is known to pick up their cell phone. And Flynn is someone who was one of Trump's closest and most trusted national-security advisers during the campaign.
Flynn surely has that number. And there's some precedent for it. Trump has continued communication with other former aides and adviser, including Corey Lewandowski, who was was fired as Trump's campaign manager in June.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Glenn Rubenstein ( @GlennRubenstein ) and Raj Giri ( @RajGiri_303 ) are back for the latest edition of the Wrestling Inc. podcast. Topics include:
- Randy Orton giving up title shot at WrestleMania
- Battle royal on SmackDown next week to determine new top contender
- Does any of this actually change WrestleMania plans?
- John Cena taking time off after WrestleMania
And more!
Also, don't forget to try out DDPY, specifically their awesome Max Pack, used by the likes of Chris Jericho, AJ Styles, Mick Foley and tons of other WWE stars who love using DDPY. For a limited time, you can get the DDPY DVDs for 25% off plus 3 months of full access to the DDP YOGA NOW App, or if you're into digital only, you can get just the DDP YOGA NOW App for 25% off. You can also buy a max or combo pack at 25% off and you can get 50% off the second one. You can sign up at DDPYoga.com/WrestlingInc.
Follow Raj Giri on Twitter at @RajGiri_303. Got a news tip or correction? Send it to us by clicking here.
Three people died when a fire hit a residential area in Barangay Pasong Tamo, Quezon City Monday night.
Paulina Santos, 55, Rachelle Ann Santos, 24, and Raizel Redito, 24, died of suffocation, Fire Inspector Rosendo Cabillan said.
The blaze started in the kitchen of Juanita Redito, 65, along Roque Extension, Cabillan said.
The fire, which started at 11:43 p.m., was declared out at12:50 a.m.
Redito and Antonio Entico, 62, sustained second-degree burns.
At least 30 families were affected by the blaze.
Authorities have yet to determine the cause of the fire.
A degreed industrial engineer was promoted to Project Manager at Laboratory Testing Inc. In their new position, Dan Giordano will coordinate the implementation of a company-wide ERP System.
Contact
Sharon Bentzley, Marketing Manager
Laboratory Testing Inc.
***@labtesting.com Sharon Bentzley, Marketing ManagerLaboratory Testing Inc.
End
-- Dan Giordano has been promoted to Project Manager at Laboratory Testing Inc. to oversee the implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP)System. Dan will be responsible for the day-to-day management of this project and the various project teams. According to Mike McVaugh, CEO and President of LTI, "Not only will they oversee the activities of the core and extended project teams at LTI, but they will also act as the principal liaison between LTI's project teams and our external partner, Decision Resources Inc."Dan is a May 2014 graduate of Penn State University with a B.S. degree in Industrial Engineering. Their career at Lab Testing began upon graduation, when they joined the company as an Industrial Engineering Intern in the Mechanical Testing Department and Machine Shop. They were hired as a full-time employee two months later and given the title Machine Shop Workflow Coordinator. During the first year, they started to transition into their next role as Project Engineer by expanding the types and size of projects they coordinated for both Mechanical Testing and the Machine Shop. "Both departments have gone through extensive development and change during Dan's time, and they have been a key member of the implementation teams", said Mike McVaugh.The Mechanical Testing Department provides a wide-range of services that evaluate the mechanical properties of metals and polymers, from tensile and hardness testing to charpy impact, stress rupture and fracture mechanics. The in-house Machine Shop produces all test specimens required to fill mechanical testing orders at LTI and also prepares specimens for customers who perform their own testing.The ERP system will be implemented in all three production departments, Destructive Testing, Non-Destructive Testing and Metrology, as well as most support departments, including Sales, Machine Shop, Order Entry, Shipping/Receiving and Accounting. The System will allow LTI to work more efficiently and improve collaboration between departments.-- Laboratory Testing Inc. ( http://www.labtesting.com/ ) (LTI) of Hatfield, PA is an independent materials testing and metrology laboratory in business since 1984. The range of services offered by LTI includes mechanical testing, metallurgical testing, chemical analysis, corrosion testing, nondestructive testing, specimen machining, failure analysis, dimensional inspection and calibration services with results documented in a Certified Test Report or Calibration Certificate. The laboratory specializes in metal and polymer testing, but also analyzes powdered metals, ores, ferroalloys, composites and ceramics. LTI holds PRI/Nadcap accreditations in materials and nondestructive testing, and A2LA accreditations to ANS/ISO/IEC 17025 in materials testing, dimensional inspection and calibration services, which complies with ISO 9001 and ISO 13485. Test specimens are machined on-site and material investigations are conducted to determine the root cause of material failures. LTI Metrology ( http://www.ltimetrology.com/ ), a division of Laboratory Testing Inc., provides dimensional inspection and NIST-traceable calibration services for measuring hand tools, masters and a wide-range of measuring instruments and equipment. On-site calibration, repairs, new instruments and replacement parts are offered. Information on Laboratory Testing Inc. services and accreditations is available at www.labtesting.com, sales@labtesting.com or 800-784-2882.
Worried about catching a cold or the flu on an airplane? Get a window seat, and don't leave it until the flight is over.
That's what some experts have been saying for years, and it's perhaps the best advice coming out of a new attempt to determine the risks of catching germs on an airplane.
It turns out there's been little research on the risks of catching a cold or flu during air travel. Some experts believed that sitting in a window seat would keep a passenger away from infectious people who may be on the aisle or moving around.
The new study, published Monday, came to the same conclusion.
Advertisement
For somebody who doesn't want to get sick, "get in that window seat and don't move," the study's lead researcher, Vicki Stover Hertzberg of Emory University in Atlanta.
The study was ambitious: Squads of researchers jetted around the U.S. to test cabin surfaces and air for viruses and to observe how people came into contact with each other.
But it also had shortcomings. In a total of 10 flights, they observed only one person coughing. And though the experiment was done during a flu season five years ago, they didn't find even one of 18 cold and flu viruses they tested for.
It's possible that the researchers were unlucky, in that they were on planes that happened to not have sick people on them, Hertzberg said.
The new study was initiated and funded by Boeing Co. The Chicago-based jet manufacturer also recruited one of the researchers, Georgia Tech's Howard Weiss, and had input in the writing of the results.
"But there was no particular pressure to change stuff or orient it one way or the other," Hertzberg said.
The article was released by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.The researchers did some mathematical modeling and computer simulations to determine how likely people were to come close to a hypothetical infectious passenger sitting in an aisle seat on the 14th row of a single-aisle airplane. They concluded that on average, only one person on a flight of about 150 passengers would be infected.
Researchers who were not involved said it would be difficult to use the relatively small study to make any general conclusions about the risks of an airline passenger getting a cold or flu, let alone other diseases like measles or tuberculosis.
Many people worry about catching cold or flu germs on planes. Photo / 123RF
But it's a novel study about a subject that hasn't been well researched, they said. Studies have looked at how respiratory viruses spread in labs and in homes, but "this is the first time I've seen it done for airplanes," said Seema Lakdawala, a University of Pittsburgh biologist who studies how flu spreads.
They and others not involved in the research were intrigued by the study's findings about how people moved about the cabin and came in contact with each other.It found:—About 38 percent of passengers never left their seat, 38 percent left once, 13 percent left twice, and 11 percent left more than twice.
• Not surprisingly, a lot of the people getting up had an aisle seat. About 80 per cent of people sitting on the aisle moved at least once during their flights, compared with 62 per cent in middle seats and 43 per cent in window seats.
• The 11 people sitting closest to a person with a cold or flu are at the highest risk. That included two people sitting to their left, the two to their right, and people in the row immediately in front of them and those in the row behind.
A lot of frequent fliers will be interested in the study's results, said Edward Pizzarello, an investor in a Washington-area venture-capital firm who also writes a travel blog.
"It's absolutely a fear I hear from people all the time. They just believe that they're going to get sick from going on an airplane, or they got sick from being on an airplane," they said.
Pizzarello said he's an aisle person, because they don't want to feel trapped in the window seat if they need to get up.
Will they now go for the window?
Maybe, they said, if a sick person sits next to him.
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Emma Mhic Mhathúna has called on Taoiseach Leo Varadkar and Minister for Health Simon Harris to have their court case on Thursday settled so they can spend time with their family before they die.
A number of protests are under way around Ireland in the wake of the CervicalCheck controversy. The national day of action, organised by #Standing4Women, is taking place at 25 locations around the country.
The group said the day of action was part of a campaign for mandatory open disclosure to be implemented with an agreed timeline.
Ms Mhic Mhathúna and their five children have begun a High Court action over alleged delays relating to CervicalCheck smears.
The terminally ill Co Kerry woman has, along with their five children who range in age from two to 16 years, sued the HSE and a US laboratory used by CervicalCheck.
 They are one of the 209 women with cervical cancer who were found to have received incorrect smear tests during a clinical audit of past tests by the CervicalCheck screening programme after their cancer diagnoses.
The 37-year-old is among 162 of those who were only told about the incorrect tests after Limerick woman Vicky Phelan settled their court case against a US laboratory for € 2.5 million.
Ms Mhic Mhathúna was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2016.
Them barrister told the High Court on Wednesday their client, who was in court for the application, wants the case settled as soon as possible.
Ms Mhic Mhathúna said they would continue to fight to ensure legislation for mandatory disclosure is brought forward. Photograph: Brian Lawless/PA Wire
Ms Mhic Mhathúna was joined by their two sons Séamus and Mario at a demonstration for cervical cancer outside the Dáil on Wednesday.
‘Egomaniacs'
“I was told by my solicitor not to talk anymore but they should know by now that I don't listen. I was in the High Court today listening to all the egomaniacs argue over whose fault it is,” they said.
“I found out last night that the 2010 smear that I should have had a coloposcopy. The letters from America never arrived to Ireland so where did the letters go? How many more women are affected by this?” they asked.
“Simon Harris has 24 hours to tell the HSE who they are supposed to be in control over, that they were wrong and to get me out of the spider's web in the Four Courts so I can go home and have fun with my children as I am entitled to do,” they said.
“This whole movement is about policy changes and not policing us and keeping us quiet. We are on a 24-hour wait in the Four Courts tomorrow to see if they're going to take responsibility. This is a chance for the Irish Government to stand in front of us, Braveheart style, and say 'no more' to the daughters of Ireland,” they said.
“I guarantee if this was an Irish lab that done this to Americans, Donald Trump would have no bother telling us to eff-off. Instead we have docile people in our Government who are afraid to turn around and say this is unacceptable. There are women who are dead; these labs should never get a business contract again,” they said.
Ms Mhic Mhathúna said they would continue to fight to ensure legislation for mandatory disclosure is brought forward.
“Terminal cancer or not, people don't realise when you are dying, you are the strongest that you will ever be because you are fighting for survival.
“I am being ripped apart by my five children. I have a daughter starting the junior cert next week, then I have my two sons here and two sons at home. I will not die leaving this country in unsafe hands,” they said.
PORT operator Asian Terminals Inc. reported on Monday a net income of P1.19 billion for the first half of 2017, up 16.8 percent from the P1.02 billion recorded last year on higher volumes from its international containerized cargo operations.
Total revenues in the first six months of the year jumped by 15.3 percent to P5.07 billion from the P4.4 billion recorded in the first half of 2016.
ATI said its Batangas Container Terminal handled more than 93,000 twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) as of midyear. For the whole of last year, BCT handled a record volume of nearly 160,000 TEUs.
Cargo volumes at its Manila South Harbor stood at about 550,000 TEUs in the first half. Last year, the Manila South Harbor hit a record-breaking cargo volume of over one million TEUs.
“Our international container ports in Manila and Batangas are performing at optimum production and utilization levels heading into the ‘ber' months, the peak season for shipments,” ATI executive vice president Andrew Hoad said in a statement.
According to Hoad, ATI has capacity for future growth as well.
ATI reported 31 gross moves per crane per hour (GMPH) in its quay crane production at BCT by the end of July. In the same period, Manila South Harbor hit 30 GMPH.
GMPH is a measurement indicating the speed a quay crane moves containers from ship to shore in an hour.
MOSCOW (AP) — Declaring a victory in Syria, Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday visited a Russian military air base in the country and announced a partial pullout of Russian forces from the Mideast nation.
Putin's surprise visit marked their first trip to Syria, drawing a symbolic line under the campaign that has shored up President Bashar Assad's government. It was also the first visit by a foreign head of state to war-ravaged Syria since its bloodletting started nearly seven years ago.
Putin's brief stop at the Hemeimeem air base in Syria's coastal province of Latakia while on route to Egypt came days after the Russian president declared their bid to run for re-election in the March 18 vote, helping encourage the feelings of pride about Russia's revived global clout and prestige.
It also followed the Russian announcement last week that the Syrian army, with the help of Russian airstrikes, routed the Islamic State group in eastern Syria and fully restored control over the country's border with Iraq.
Advertisement
In a televised speech to the Russian troops at the base, the Russian leader hailed their "excellent" performance in Syria.
"You have shown the best qualities of a Russian soldier — courage, valor, team spirit, decisiveness and excellent skills," said. "The Motherland is proud of you."
Russia launched its air campaign in Syria at the end of September 2015, when Assad's government was teetering on the brink of collapse, and quickly changed the course of the conflict in their favor. Russian officials say troops in Syria were there mainly to fight "terrorists" including militants of the Islamic State group and al-Qaida affiliates, but they also heavily targeted other rebel factions opposed to Assad, allowing their troops to claw back significant territory over the past two years.
Putin has hosted Assad twice in the past six years, including a surprise Nov. 21 visit that Assad undertook to the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
Russian television stations showed Putin walking off the plane at the air base, embracing and shaking hands with Assad. The two then visited a military operations room at the base.
The Hemeimeem base, located in a region that is the heartland of Assad's Alawite minority, has served as the main foothold for the Russian military campaign in Syria.
"Here in Syria, far away from our borders, you helped the Syrian people to preserve their state and fend off attacks by terrorists," Putin said, facing the troops lined up on the tarmac. "You have dealt a devastating blow to those who blatantly threatened our country. We will never forget about the victims who fell in the fight against terror both here and in Russia."
In their speech, Putin also said that they had ordered the military to withdraw a "significant part" of the Russian contingent in Syria.
"Friends, the Motherland is waiting for you," Putin said. "You are coming back home with victory!"
They added that "if the terrorists again raise their heads, we will deal such blows to them they have never seen."
Putin, however, said the Russian military will maintain its presence at Hemeimeem and the naval facility in Tartus.
Gen. Sergei Surovikin, the Russian military commander in Syria, reported to Putin that the military will pull out 23 warplanes, two helicopter gunships, special forces units, military police and field engineers.
Surovikin said that the remaining forces will be sufficient to "successfully fulfill the tasks" to stabilize the situation in Syria. They wouldn't say how many troops and weapons would stay behind.
Syria has allowed Russia to use Hemeimeem air base indefinitely without cost. Moscow also has signed a deal with Syria to use the Tartus base for 49 years, which could be extended if both parties agree.
The Russian military plans to modernize the air base and expand its runways to allow it to host more warplanes. It also intends to expand the Tartus facility significantly to make it a full-scale naval base capable of hosting warships, including cruiser-sized vessels.
After seeing troops march to the tunes of military marches, Putin drove up to the Russian warplanes parked on the runway and talked to the pilots, who said they will fly back home later in the day.
Syrian TV said Assad thanked Putin for their troops' "effective contribution" to the fight against terrorism in Syria, which they said the Syrian people "will never forget."
"Syria has been saved as a sovereign, independent state, refugees are coming home and conditions have been created for a political settlement under the United Nations' auspices," Putin said.
___
Associated Press writer Albert Aji in Damascus, Syria, contributed reporting.
As the All In event approaches, there have been heightened discussions on whether former WWE Champion CM Punk will make an appearance. Punk is scheduled to make a very rare wrestling-related appearance a night before the show on August 31 at Pro Wrestling Tees, but has not confirmed that they will be attending the All In show as a competitor or a spectator.
On June 9th in Chicago, CM Punk will make their UFC return, as they are scheduled to fight Mike Jackson at UFC 225. Along with both fighters having a UFC record of 0-1, each loss was to Mickey Gall in the first round. However, CM Punk was able to last longer than Jackson.
On Booker T's Heated Conversations podcast, they brought back up two huge factors that gives Jackson the advantage. The first one is the age factor. CM Punk turns 40 this year, while Jackson is 33. The other factor is prior MMA experience. Although both have only fought once in UFC, Jackson has longer experience on training for MMA. Based on these factors, Booker believes that Jackson will take out Punk.
Booker then discussed whether Punk will return to wrestling if they lose again.
"I think he'll be at All In," said Booker. "I think if they lose this fight, he'll be at All In, with the Young Bucks [and] Cody Rhodes, making their way back to the pro wrestling world. I really think CM Punk [misses] the wrestling world. I just think they had a bad taste in their mouth, but they can get it back."
CM Punk has made it known throughout various interviews after leaving WWE that they have no desire to return. Their last match was at the 2014 Royal Rumble event, being eliminated by Corporate Kane. On top of being exhausted and, in their opinion, poorly utilized, Punk was upset that they never had an opportunity to main event WrestleMania, despite having a marquee match against The Undertaker at WrestleMania 29.
If any portion of these quotes are used, please be sure to credit Heated Conversations with a h/t of Wrestling Inc. for the transcription.
Source: Heated Conversations
Trump's sharp comments came shortly after Iranian president Hassan Rouhani reportedly warned of "severe consequences" if the administration "betrays the deal."
"I am telling those in the White House that if they do not live up to their commitments...the Iranian government will firmly react," they said, according to Reuters. "If anyone betrays the deal, they should know that they would face severe consequences."
Shortly after the pomp and pageantry of Trump's first official state visit began on Tuesday, their split with Macron on the Iran nuclear deal was on display.
The White House has hoped to enlist European allies in new negotiations with Iran, but Europeans are pushing back on the idea of canceling the agreement, known as the JCPOA, saying it would alienate Iran and prompt it to go rogue. Macron believes it would be a mistake to end the deal.
"We made this terrible deal but we're going to discuss it," Trump said.
In May, Trump will once again have to decide whether to recertify the Iran deal to Congress. If they don't, they could begin the process to reversing the deal. Iran has threatened to resume enrichment activities if the deal collapses.
Macron said Tuesday the Iran deal needed to be discussed in the broader context of the region.
"We have a common objective," Macron said. "We want to make sure there's no escalation and no nuclear proliferation in the region. We now need to find the right path forward."
Top Austrian officials have called on the European Union to end talks over Turkey's decades-long efforts to join the bloc following a narrowly passed referendum granting the Turkish president unprecedented powers.
“With what happened yesterday, [Turkey's EU] membership prospects are buried, in practical terms. We are entering a new era,” Austria's Chancellor Christian Kern stated Monday in Vienna, adding that EU aid to Turkey to help it advance towards membership was now “obsolete.”
Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz also said in a separate statement that after the Turkish referendum, “we can no longer simply return to business as usual.”
“We must be honest about the relationship between the EU and Turkey,” Kurz stated in a tweet, adding, “We need to end the EU entry negotiations and instead work to establish a neighborhood agreement” with Turkey, without elaborating.
Turkey has had an association agreement with the EU since 1963 and formally applied to join the bloc on April 14, 1987.
Austria has also joined other European states in speaking out against President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's vow to seek another referendum to restore the death penalty if the Turkish parliament fails to approve the move.
On Monday, Germany warned Turkey against further distancing itself from Europe by reinstating the death penalty, which was abolished by Ankara in 2004 as part of its efforts to become an EU member.
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said such a move would be “synonymous with the end of the European dream” and mark the end of Turkey's long-running talks to join the EU.
It is in Turkey's “own interest” not to distance itself further from Europe, Gabriel said during an interview with the local Bild daily to be published Tuesday.
“Any decision (about joining the EU) will not be on the agenda anytime soon. At any rate, joining would not work right now,” said Gabriel, adding that Turkey must decide which direction to take.
In an earlier joint statement with Gabriel, German Chancellor Angela Merkel called on Ankara to “seek respectful dialogue with all political and social forces in the country after this tough election campaign.”
Merkel further stated that Germany “respected the right of Turks to decide on their constitution,” adding that “the close result shows the extent to which Turkish society is deeply divided.”
Sunday's constitutional referendum in Turkey saw the passage by a razor thin margin of amendments giving the president sweeping executive powers and abolishing the post of prime minister, among a series of other changes.
On Sunday night and Monday, counter-rallies were held for and against Erdoğan in different Turkish cities, including Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir.
The Turkish opposition and international observers have challenged the referendum's results, citing voting irregularities.
At a press conference Monday, Bulent Tezcan, deputy chairperson of the opposition Republican People's Party (CHP), said their organization would lodge an appeal with the Turkish Constitutional Court and the European Court of Human Rights for what is called breeches of voting laws.
On Tuesday, Alev Korun, an Austrian member of the Council of Europe observer mission, also told ORF radio that irregularities could have changed the outcome of the plebiscite.
“There is a suspicion that up to 2.5 million votes could have been manipulated, said the Austrian member of parliament,” they said. “This is about the fact that actually the law only allows official voting envelopes. The highest election authority decided however, as it were against the law, that envelopes without official stamp should be admitted.”
The comments came a day after the Turkish president furiously rejected domestic and international criticisms of the vote.
Returning to their presidential palace in Ankara, Erdoğan triumphantly addressed thousands of supporters who gathered outside, telling foreign critics, “Know your place” and that “this country held the most democratic polls that have never been seen in any other country in the West.”
The Turkish president further announced that Ankara may hold more referendums on its EU bid as well as re-introducing the death penalty.
Relations between Turkey and the EU cooled drastically during the referendum campaign when Erdoğan repeatedly accused European leaders of acting like “Nazis” by banning Turkish ministers from engaging in campaign rallies in the European countries.
Europe has been critical of the Turkish government's crackdown on opposition members and supporters after a failed coup last July.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A couple fighting to keep their flower shop at Moor Street railway station have sent a petition to Chiltern Railways after gathering more than 12,000 signatures.
Alan and Jackie Harley have just weeks to keep the stand which they launched as they searched for a focus to work through the death of their youngest son.
They are running an online petition to keep the kiosk, which they took over six years ago.
The petition was handed to a representative from the train operating company on Wednesday ahead of a management meeting.
Buoyed by support from customers, the couple intend to contact managing director David Penney weekly and to continue to gather signatures for the Change.org campaign.
Alan said: “I'm overwhelmed by the reaction. We must have had thousands of kind comments left on the petition and on the Birmingham Mail's report and Facebook.
“It's overwhelming, it's Birmingham at it's best.”
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
The couple had traded seven days a week after taking over a vacant shed in the concourse, but say they have been told by Chiltern Railways and a management company to provide some services for free in order to continue with the lease.
Following a meeting at the end of last year, they were given until February 27 to close the business and fear that a combination of age and limited opportunities in their industry will make it virtually impossible to find jobs.
Mr Harley said: “The customers have said so many nice things and brought back so many memories of things we've said and done. It's not just been from Birmingham, it's been from around the world. We've had comments from Australia, New York and Nigeria and they are still flooding in. It's the people who have spoken, the people who get off the train and say ‘I'll have a quick bunch for my mum's birthday' or another special occasion.”
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
Mr Harley, 56, and their wife took over the stand after losing their son Jacob in December 2009, turning it into what they say is Birmingham's largest small florist.
They also took responsibility for flower containers and arrangements around the precincts, providing the plants at cost price, and carried out similar work at Banbury and Marylebone stations under agreements with Chiltern Railways.
“We were asked to provide all the plants and compost and to maintain the containers for free, which we reckon in maintenance and labour alone would work out at about £15,000 a year,” Mr Harley said.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
“Next thing we know we're being told that if we don't provide it for free, the shop would be put out for tender.
“We tried to negotiate and provide proper quotes, but we were given notice a week or so later.
“Losing the shop will put us into bankruptcy.
“It's not like we can go and find work straight away at our age, especially with the floristry and horticultural trades having been so degraded by the supermarket chains.
“We had a good location but we didn't make vast amounts of money, what we made was a living.”
The couple, from Kings Heath, claims the problems began around three years ago when asset management company Travel Point Trading began collecting their rent, and tried to raise the charge, which they successfully resisted.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
Travel Point, which is owned by infrastructure giant Amey, is thought to act on behalf of Chiltern, but the train company would not shed light on the firm's role in line with its policy of not commenting on individual cases.
The couple claim a station manager who took over for Chiltern in December 2016 wanted them to provide flowers and compost and look after the containers for free, which they had previously done at reduced cost.
Jackie, 58, said: “I'm very upset and shocked. I just can't believe that after all the work we have done over the past six years and the good relationship we had with Chiltern Railways that it is all going to waste. We had put so much time and energy into it and had built up a community at the station with the staff and customers.
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
“There was no questioning or negotiating with their decision.
“I'm just in complete shock.”
The couple took on the stand after Mr Harley and their eldest son, Joel, spotted the kiosk at Moor Street station around a year after Jacob died.
They put up displays of cacti, house, garden and other plants and the shop featured in the background of Channel 5's The Gadget Show and a BBC spy drama.
The traders, who also have an adult daughter, want to renew a six-year lease at a comparable rate to other small business owners in Birmingham.
A spokesperson for Chiltern Railways said previously: “As a business we can't comment on individual cases, however Chiltern Railways aims to provide a wide and interesting selection of appropriate retail facilities at our stations that are able to serve customers year-round.
“Many tenants across the route are small, independent businesses and we are proud of the success that they have achieved.
“Chiltern is a responsible landlord and as a commercial business we work with tenants to ensure a high-quality service is delivered.”
The Birmingham Mail has approached Chiltern for further comment about the petition.
*Find the petition here.
The introduction of unisex toilets in Northern Ireland's school should only go ahead if parents and school governors are in full agreement, a teachers' union has said.
Glasgow City Council is the latest body to stipulate that all new-build primary schools must have unisex toilet facilities – following similar decisions in some US states and a number of European countries.
Avril Hall Callaghan of the Ulster Teachers' Union (UTU) said the Glasgow decision was a “highly contentious” one as it “raises questions of equality and child protection”.
Ms Hall Callaghan said: “Glasgow City Council has said its decision to opt for gender neutral toilets is to help children struggling with gender identification issues. However, as schools grapple with ever-shrinking budgets it is one which also has financial ramifications and which we too will probably have to face sooner rather than later.
“Indeed, only last year the school Inspectorate raised the issue when teachers were asked why they were lining up children as girls and boys and why there were boys' and girls' toilets.”
The union's general secretary said the fiscal saving in having a single toilet block meant it was necessary to consider the financial benefits, but said their members have concerns.
“Those in favour of the unisex toilets argue that they will help combat bullying and antisocial behaviour, as well as being more cost-effective and saving space in a school.
“On one level unisex toilets teach kids it doesn't matter what their gender is, but at primary school age girls especially mature more quickly than boys and they start to develop towards the end of primary school so need their privacy,” they said.
Amazing Lash Studio
Contact
Andrea Charge Media Group
***@chargemediagroup.com Andrea Charge Media Group
End
-- Amazing Lash Studio is an eyelash extensions franchise with 152 current locations, 25 coming soon and 112 future sites. ALS Continues to revolutionize the eyelash extension market by elevating the experience and making contemporary, semi-permanent lash styles more convenient and affordable than ever before, in a beautiful, comfortable, retail studio environment.How better to learn about what we do at Amazing Lash than to read what real clients are saying about us. Why is Amazing Lash Studio different? Why do people keep coming back to the studio? Why are they referring friends? We listen to our clients to better ourselves, our brand, and our studios. This is just a compilation of some of the reasons why people love Amazing Lash Studio. Taken from Facebook and Google + reviews from our clients."I had a full set done, and my experience was amazing!! Girls at the front desk were SUPER nice and knowledgeable. I have been getting eyelash extensions for years, but it was my first time at Amazing Lash so I did have some questions. I explained what I was looking for and they were able to get me set up with the perfect set! Everything was super clean and I left sooo happy!! Love the way they came out! I was really happy with the set and my visit there that I signed up for a membership as well..great deal!""My stylist is fantastic! They were very accommodating to me whenever I needed a break and extremely friendly. My lashes are phenomenal! I got the Gorgeous look with Medium lashes. (Will post picture shortly) The staff was professional and friendly. I did not feel pressured in purchasing any products or sessions which is always nice. Thank you, Amazing Lash Studio, for the great experience and making me look flawless!""I got my lashes done on Saturday and I am completely in love with them. Cheyenna was my lash stylist and they were so sweet and made my lashes look so amazing. The place is so clean and so welcoming. The front desk girls were so helpful and sweet. I can't wait to go back!""Have to leave an Amazing Review. Not only was I greeted by the sweetest women when I first walked in, but my entire experience was awesome. I felt pampered & beautiful start to finish. Hailey did my lashes and they came out so natural & stunning - I'm in love. I recommend this salon to ANYONE looking for a new lash look! I'll definitely be back".Check more about Amazing Lash Studio Wayne on http://bit.ly/ ALSWayne
An event which treats guests to a slap-up meal before they watch a human dissection is coming to Sussex.
After a series of sell-out tours across the UK, Anatomy Lab Live will arrive at the Hilton Brighton Metropole, on March 9 next year.
Anatomy Lab
The spine-tingling experience invites guests to sit down to dinner while watching trained anatomists disect a semi-synthetic human body.
And to top it off, visitors can have a go at dissecting body parts themselves.
Anatomist Sam Piri said the show was aimed at healthcare professionals and students, as well as those with a strong interest in the human body.
They added: “I wanted to give people something that is real, to see, touch, feel and smell. I wanted to give people something that is real, to see, touch, feel and smell.
“After a very successful tour earlier this year we're back bigger and better than before.
“You'll have the chance to dissect the specimens guided by myself and my team to really enhance your understanding of anatomy, physiology and the clinical pathology.”
To begin with two anatomists will dissect VIVIT – which is claimed to be the world's only semi-synthetic human corpse with real organs.
They will carry out an in-depth observation of various disease states before mortuary technicians bring samples out to the audience for a closer look.
The organs – which all come from pigs because of the anatomical similarity with humans – include the brain, spinal cord, stomach, liver and rectum.
Guests will be given mortuary wear including protective surgical hats, masks and aprons as well as scalpels, scissors, forceps and bone saws to help with their own dissection attempt.
They can look closer inside a real head and brain sample, dissect the heart and blood vessels, and observe the structure of the limbs.
Sam added: “Together we'll experience the physiology of clinical pathology comparing healthy and diseased samples.
“We'll learn how the human body is built and how a post-mortem is conducted.”
There will also be time for questions to the team about different pathology.
Standard tickets cost £79 with reductions for NHS staff, students and groups.
All ticket-holders must be over 16.
For more information on Anatomy Lab Live go to anatomylablive.co.uk.
This curated post is authored by Elle Kaplan , Founder & CEO, LEXion Capital
2018 is the perfect chance to start a brand-new chapter. These 13 surprising habits will get you there by 2019.
While most of us set New Year's resolutions, studies reveal that fewer than 10 percent of us manage to stick to them for more than a few months. A big reason is that we see these changes as enormous obstacles rather than the result of small, daily decisions.
The power of choosing positive habits — and sticking to them for the long-term — will allow your success to compound. Trust me when I say that making the time for self-improvement this year will snowball into something great.
So, instead of waiting for success to fall in your lap in 2018, you can begin achieving it today by adopting these small (yet powerful) daily habits:
1) There's more spare time than you think.
Another culprit for not achieving self-improvement is the excuse that we “don't have enough time.”
While I don't doubt that you're busy (I know I am), there tends to be more free time in our schedules than we realize. For instance, the amount of time we spend watching TV and surfing social media every year could've been used to read 200 books.
2) Practice being your future self.
Quite simply, to become that ideal, future version of yourself, you need to practice being it.
According to Peter Bregman, CEO and leadership expert, in Harvard Business Review, “You need to spend time on the future even when there are more important things to do in the present and even when there is no immediate apparent return to your efforts.”
Their brilliant advice applies to almost any change you want to make in your life. Whether you want to get in better shape or start a business, it's not going to happen overnight. Instead of waiting for this change, start prioritizing and scheduling bite-size improvements today, no matter how busy you are.
3) Small tweaks make a huge difference.
That $3.50 latte you buy everyday might not seem damaging, but over the year it amounts to $1,278 down the drain. Whether your dream is to open a business or travel the globe, these small, spending habits could be tampering it more than you realize. Innocuous and toxic spending habits can really snowball over time.
To improve your financial success in the new year, try the “50–30–20 rule.” The breakdown is straightforward and practical. Get the 50 percent of your income and allocate it for your daily living expenses like rent. The next 30 percent you can spend on whatever you want. Sounds fun, right? The 20 percent, the most important chunk of the pie, should directly go to your investments.
4) Design your life around happiness.
Happiness can seem like such an abstract concept. After all, a Hallmark card or Dove chocolate wrapper doesn't exactly give you a concrete way to create a happier life.
But according to Stanford's famous “Designing Your Life” class, you can actually hone in on what happiness means to you, and restructure your life around it. Instead of just abstractly chasing happiness, they suggest you journal it daily.
Start by writing down the specifics — when you were happy, what you were doing, why did it make you happy, etc.). If you notice reoccurring themes or patterns, start changing your goals or routines to incorporate them.
5) Save money without thinking.
Even if we intend to save our money, we're only human, and sometimes we forget or spend more money than we realize. However, if you automate your saving, that money is instantly tucked away where it's harder to spend carelessly, and easier to use for investing or bettering your financial future.
If it's possible for you to automate a flow of money into your savings account, or, even better, an investment vehicle, it will not only be more convenient but will also help you make more down the line. You're not only brightening your financial future but you are also reserving your limited willpower for other habits.
6) Ask for help.
There's immense value in learning how to ask help from others. The most successful people could not have achieved all that they have without a little help along the way. So, the next time you need an extra hand, don't be afraid to delegate or ask.
7) Start early.
This tip applies to much more than waking up at 5 a.m. Financially, start saving your money and investing as soon as possible. Self-made billionaires realize the enormous value of compound interest, the way a small amount invested now can become a fortune later.
Additionally, some of the world's largest companies are run by CEOs that are under 40. You don't have to be young to achieve success, but you should adopt the attitude that it's never too early to start. Don't be afraid to take a leap in your career, even if you think you're too inexperienced. If you keep waiting for the perfect timing to take an opportunity, it may never come.
8) Set goals, don't make wishes.
Thomas Corley, who has extensively studied millionaires, said that, “If you want your wish or dream to come true, you need to create goals around them, pursue those goals and achieve those goals. You need to break your wish or dream down into manageable tasks that you are able to perform.”
Wishing you were a billionaire is all well and good, but it won't get you anywhere. Instead, by setting goals like “I'll save and invest an extra $200 a month”, you'll get to financial freedom much quicker than you ever thought was possible.
So, keep that big-picture dream in your head, but don't forget to break it down into manageable realities.
9) Say ‘no' to everything else.
Warren Buffet reportedly said to their pilot of 25 years, “The fact that you're still working here tells me I'm not doing my job.”
They then told their pilot to write down 25 goals they were working on, and to narrow down the top five. Buffett's sage advice was to only follow those top five goals, and to say no to everything else.
You can do the same thing: Rather than overextending yourself, start tuning up your turn-down skills. For instance, if you want to start a business, learn to say no to frivolous activities that waste your time. When you start prioritizing yourself, positive change will arise in the blink of any eye.
10) Don't beat a dead horse.
“Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.” — Albert Einstein
If you have been trying to succeed at something for a while now and it hasn't been working, or, even more important, it isn't making you happy, it is time to try something else. It does not mean that you are a failure. It means that you are smart enough to realize when something isn't working out and that you have enough dignity to do something to make yourself happy.
11) (Actually) Recharge.
Burnout plagues millions of Americans each year, and its wide variety of symptoms, including insomnia and stress, can eat away at your chances for wealth and success.
If you're feeling stressed and overworked, this is the year to finally end it for good. Harvard research indicates that “Our brains need a rest as much as our bodies do.”
The best way to do this is to unplug before and during work.
Consider actually leaving work at the end of the day by not checking your email in the evening and focusing on something relaxing instead. During the workday, take a break every hour or so, and even take a walk outside.
12) You're only as good as the people around you.
You may recall, when you were in high school, your parents telling you not tohang out with wrong crowd, and it probably drove you crazy. I am sorry to tell you, though, that they were right.
A Harvard Medical School study done by Dr. Nicholas Christakis found thatindividuals who surround themselves with people who smile and have a positive attitude themselves have a better attitude compared with those who are surrounded by negative and grumpy people.
It might not seem like a big deal, but start avoiding negative friends or colleagues whenever possible. If you can't avoid this, now's the time to start looking for a new job or social circle. The results will amaze you.
13) Scare yourself every single day.
“Do one thing every day that scares you,” said Eleanor Roosevelt.
They were right on the money. Although it might be intimidating, stepping outside your comfort zone is the only way to create change.
Is there something that you've been putting off because it brings butterflies to your stomach? Is there a slight fear you have, but you know you'll be more productive by moving toward it?
Whether it's going to that job interview or just saying hello to someone you want to meet, make an effort to do it daily, knowing that it will be a step toward conquering your fears and success goals.
It's never too late (or too early) to create that massive change in life you've always wanted. Your new success might not happen overnight, but it will happen eventually.
Call to action
Check out my company LexION Capital's site to learn more about improving your wealth in 2019.
I want to hear your tips — please leave a comment or give me a shout-out on Twitter!
Disclaimer: This is a curated post. The statements, opinions and data contained in this column are solely those of the individual authors and contributors and not that of iamwire or the editor(s). The article was originally published by the author here.
TIRANA, Albania (AP) — Top European Union official Donald Tusk said Tuesday the road to EU membership for Albania and Macedonia will be tough.
The comments from the European Council president came as they started a weeklong tour of the Western Balkans countries, urging more work in the rule of law and the fight against organized crime and corruption.
The 28 EU member states must agree unanimously for any country to become a member. Accession to the bloc has been a powerful driver of political and democratic reform in post-communist countries.
"The process will resemble more a hurdles race than a motorway. But full integration remains our common destiny," Tusk said at a news conference with their host, Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama.
Advertisement
Last week, the EU's executive Commission said enough progress has been made for Albania and Macedonia's accession talks to begin.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said Europe's door must remain open, and that they didn't want to see a return to war "in this extremely complicated region."
Nevertheless, French President Emmanuel Macron has ruled out any expansion of the European Union until the bloc is reformed.
EU and Balkans leaders will meet for a summit in Bulgaria on May 17.
Tusk said the summit should find the ways and tools to improve the bloc's ties with the region and among its countries.
"I have no doubt that it's in the best interest of EU and Albania that the entire Western Balkans region is fully integrated into EU," said Tusk.
___
Follow Llazar Semini on Twitter https://twitter.com/lsemini
Join Molly Fay and Tiffany Ogle for their daily chat! Do you have an interesting discussion topic? If so, email us at feedback@themorningblend.com!
Daniel Bryan announced on tonight's SmackDown that blue brand General Manager Paige has granted them a singles match with Big Cass at the WWE Backlash pay-per-view. This comes after Cass attacked Bryan on this week's show to keep them off MizTV with The Miz. Cass ended up being the guest and using the segment to take shots at Bryan.
This will be Bryan's first pay-per-view singles match since WrestleMania 31 in 2015, where they captured the WWE Intercontinental Title in a Ladder Match with champion Bad News Barrett, Stardust, R-Truth, Dolph Ziggler, Luke Harper and Dean Ambrose. This will be the first pay-per-view match for Cass since they suffered the torn ACL injury following SummerSlam 2017.
Below is the updated confirmed card for Backlash, which takes place on May 6th from the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey:
WWE Intercontinental Title Match
The Miz vs. Seth Rollins
WWE United States Title Match
Randy Orton vs. Jeff Hardy
RAW Women's Title Match
Alexa Bliss vs. Nia Jax
SmackDown Women's Title Match
Charlotte Flair vs. Carmella
Samoa Joe vs. Roman Reigns
Daniel Bryan vs. Big Cass
Authorities didn't believe Lindy Chamberlain's story that a dingo stole their baby Azaria, but they didn't believe they should have gone to jail for murder, newly released cabinet documents have revealed.
The former New Zealand woman who famously shouted "the dingo's got my baby" after Azaria's disappearance on a family camping trip in Uluru was jailed for the murder of their nine-week-old daughter after a trial that gripped Australia.
At the time of the disappearance in August 1980 Azaria's bloodied jumpsuit and nappy were found half buried near a dingo's den but a jury accepted prosecutors claims Mrs Chamberlain killed their daughter with scissors in the family car, then staged a dingo attack.
But it was the discovery of Azaria's matinee jacket six years later that changed things.
By then Mrs Chamberlain had served three years of a life sentence.
Them then husband Michael Chamberlain, who was found guilty of being an accessory, had been given an 18-month suspended sentence.
Lindy Chamberlain-Creighton leaves Darwin Magistrates court on June 12, 2012 in Darwin, Australia. The inquest concluded that a dingo snatched their baby Azaria from a bassinet inside the family tent in 1980. Source: Getty
"(It) opened up a whole can of worms ... we had to find some way to get the whole case reviewed," former Northern Territory chief minister Stephen Hatton told the ABC.
"We didn't believe the dingo story, but we didn't believe Lindy should be in jail for murder, we thought it was a harsh outcome."
New legislation was introduced to allow for a review with a wide scope "given other doubts and questions in the minds of some of the public", according to then NT attorney-general Marshall Perron in the cabinet documents released for the first time on January 1.
Most of the evidence at trial related to Azaria's clothing, but after the jacket was found it was decided its condition might shed further light on the baby girl's disappearance.
A review eventually led to both Lindy and Michael Chamberlain being pardoned in 1987.
NEED to duck into the shops or maybe you're hanging for a caffeine fix?
Today is the Bundaberg Show public holiday, so we've put together this list of businesses that are open.
SUPERMARKETS
IGA Express North Bundaberg: open until 7pm
Supa IGA: open
IGA Avoca: open until 9pm
IGA Childers: open until 8pm
Learmonths Foodworks: open until 9pm
Foodworks Fiveways: open until 8pm
Foodworks Fresh Fields: open until 7pm
Last Stop Convenience Store: open until 1pm
Hinkler Central: open 10am to 3pm
Coles, Kmart and Woolworths in Hinkler: 9am to 6pm
Stockland Bundaberg: 10am to 5pm
DOCTORS
Bundaberg Hospital: Open 24 hours for emergencies. Phone 4150 2222.
House Call Doctor: Open 24 hours on public holidays. Phone 13 55 66.
Friendlies After Hours Medical Service: Closed
CHEMISTS
Priceline: 8am-5pm
Chemist Warehouse: 8am-8pm
SERVICE STATIONS
Caltex Bourbong St: 24 hours
Caltex Thabeban: 24 hours
Caltex Bargara: 24 hours
COFFEE
The Journey, Bargara: 6am-2pm
Zarraffa's Coffee: open until 6pm
Spring Eats and Treats, Bargara: 9am-6pm
Alowishus Delicious: 8am-4pm
VIDEO
E-Time Bundaberg, Targo St: 2pm-6pm
OTHER
Haight and Ashbury: 9.30am to 12.30pm
* Please note: This list does not include all businesses that are open or closed in the region
Costly U.S. wars hardly protect the nation but they sure do shield the thriving industry that feasts off them
One of the most unconscionably stupid justifications I have ever heard for the United States continuing the futile war in Afghanistan was recently given by Defense Secretary Leon Panetta. When asked why we should not immediately end our eight-year military expedition into that medieval Asian backwater, Panetta told a congressional committee that to do so would dishonor the thousands of U.S. troops who have lost their lives in that war. The United States must have victory in Afghanistan, Panetta said, otherwise how do we explain to the families of those killed that their loved one's ultimate sacrifice was in vain?
I don't know, how did we explain it to the families of the 50,000 U.S. troops killed in Vietnam? Following Panetta's ludicrous logic, more U.S. troops must be killed or maimed so that the families of those already killed or maimed don't feel embittered and disillusioned. It's sort of a macabre Ponzi scheme, isn't it? U.S. troops must keep dying to support the official position that those already killed in the prolonged war in Afghanistan and in Iraq were necessary sacrifices to meet mercurial — but ostensibly critical — U.S. objectives.
First the objective was to get the terrorists responsible for 9/11. OK, that needed doing. But, then it was to remove nonexistent weapons of mass destruction, and then it was to plant democracy — any pretense to justify prolonged hostilities. Cultivating democracy in nations whose fractiously tribal and brutally repressive theologically based cultures haven't changed in centuries is like planting palm trees in Antarctica and expecting them to grow.
And, how do we determine victory in such wars? In South Vietnam, we simply declared victory and left as that country was being overrun by the North Vietnamese. Similarly, there is no legitimate victory for us in Afghanistan and Iraq. The idealistic objective of transforming those nations into democracies is ultimately unattainable by us. If those countries want to be democracies, they must transform themselves.
The only winner in these wars is the voracious military-industrial complex eagerly taking advantage of an overreaching U.S. foreign policy that has for decades now wasted American lives and treasure policing the world and pursuing protracted military misadventures. U.S. foreign policy always thrives on ever-present national security threats that are sometimes real, but too often miscalculated or invented. The communist threat in Vietnam was miscalculated. The terrorist threat in Iraq was invented. Tens of thousands of people have died and hundreds of billions of dollars have been wasted as a result.
Nevertheless, Panetta, in an effort to keep the pork rolling into the war machine, played the “jobs” card and warned a congressional committee that reducing the Pentagon's budget by another trillion dollars would result in a massive new wave of unemployment.
Are war and preparing for war the only things our economy can produce anymore? Are jobs really a justification for massive military spending?
Anyone concerned about wasteful government spending cannot overlook the profligate Pentagon. The sorry examples of this waste are well documented — $200 toilet seats, $50 screws, etc. More significantly, project cost overruns and delays are commonplace and extremely expensive. The industrial side of the military-industrial complex never misses an opportunity to exploit the taxpayers.
Not only project mismanagement but also negligent purchasing has squandered taxpayer money. For example, last year ABC News reported that the Defense Logistics Agency had $13 billion in spare parts inventory, $7 billion of which was unneeded. More than half the inventory of these parts will never be used by the military. It just sits there gathering dust.
There are many alternative uses of those trillion dollars Panetta frets losing that would employ tens of thousands of Americans while it benefited the nation far more than would the latest gee-whiz killing devices, paying rent on 700 military bases around the world, or fattening the bottom lines of piggish defense contractors. How about shoring up or replacing our nation's deteriorating infrastructure? How about funding higher education so more eligible American students can afford a college education? How about providing health care for those citizens rationed out of the system by the avaricious health care-medical insurance complex?
Of all the cannibals stalking America's economic jungle the military-industrial complex wears the biggest bone in its nose — followed closely by the one decorating the noses of the health care-medical insurance cannibals. How morbidly sick is any society that sacrifices human life so that others can make money? But, that is what we do when we start and prolong unnecessary wars.
— Santa Barbara political observer Randy Alcorn can be contacted at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Click here to read previous columns.
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Thirteen years ago the New England Patriots secured their third Super Bowl title in four years with victory against the Philadelphia Eagles. It was a win demonstrative of the dynasty that, since 2001, has been forged in Foxborough.
They suit up again, their eighth Super Bowl appearance this century, in Minnesota on Sunday. And, just as they did in February 2005, they again face the Eagles in search of a third Super Bowl win in four seasons.
This time the goal will be ring number six of the Tom Brady – Bill Belichick era. The Eagles outclassed the Minnesota Vikings 38-7 in the NFC Championship game to deny the Vikings the opportunity of playing in a home Super Bowl. New England, by contrast, conjured up a trademark fourth-quarter comeback to recover from a 20-10 deficit, before disposing of the Jacksonville Jaguars 24-20.
The Patriots unsurprisingly enter Super Bowl Sunday as slight favourites in their quest to become the first side to retain a Super Bowl title since they last did it in 2005. But Doug Pederson's Eagles will be no pushovers.
Most sides would have been flattened by the crushing blow of losing a starting quarterback to a season-ending injury as late as December. Especially when that quarterback happens to be Carson Wentz who had put together an MVP-calibre season with 33 touchdown passes in 13 games.
Little wonder then that the word destiny has already been bandied about in relation to the Eagles. Nick Foles has been nothing short of outstanding in Wentz's absence. Zero interceptions, a completion percentage of close to 78 per cent and an astonishing passer rating of 122.1 are, quite simply, staggering play-off statistics.
In the backfield, the Eagles also have a useful combination of runners in British-born Jay Ajayi and former Patriot LeGarrette Blount, the workhorse back, who is already a two-time champion.
With a stable of backs though that include the dynamic Dion Lewis, Super Bowl LI hero James White, and red-zone nightmare Rex Burkhead, the Patriots match up well. Against a stingy Eagles run defense, expect plenty of screens and check-down passes if New England fail to establish the run early.
Look out too for the respective tight ends: Zach Ertz for the Eagles and Rob Gronkowski for the Patriots. Both players are mismatches in coverage owing to their size but are also agile enough to provide a deep-ball threat.
And that's not forgetting Patriots wide receiver Danny Amendola. With the ability to make plays from the slot and in the return game, Amendola has developed a reputation for putting in clutch performances in the play-offs.
Philadelphia have quite the array of weapons at their disposal too, and the necessary depth should the Super Bowl descend into a shootout. Along with Ertz, expect wideouts Nelson Agholor and Alshon Jeffrey to feature heavily.
The play in the trenches, however, will be where this game is won and lost, so watch the line of scrimmage closely. Philadelphia have protected Foles well, but they will need to collapse the pocket and bring the heat on their opposite number Brady if they hope to win this one.
Eagles defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz has revived a car-crash defense from the Chip Kelly era and turned them into one of the most formidable units in the league. Operating a 4-3 scheme, they have given up just 17 points in two play-off games and were ranked first against the run and fourth in points and yards conceded in 2017.
Schwartz is not short of playmakers, in interior lineman Fletcher Cox and defensive end Brandon Graham, either. Should Philadelphia's defense rein in the Patriots early, and even provide the platform for their offense to play with a lead, then they will have every chance of delivering an upset.
So as the Patriots look to add another footnote to one of sport's greatest ever dynasties, Philadelphia goes in search of a maiden title. A dynasty meets destiny? Whatever the outcome, this is something to relish.
Image Courtesy of LearningLark
Urumbikkara is a less popular tourist destination located in the south part of Idukky district. And the destination is lying on the lap of western Ghat totally flourished with lush green vegetations and undiscovered wild life.
Contact
Seasonz India Holidays
***@seasonzindia.com Seasonz India Holidays
End
-- Good picnic spots are always attracted more and more nature lovers in to its lap, Just like Urumbikkara….,it's fascinating beauty always possess better support for a good eco friendly tourism. Urumbikkara is a less known natural habitation flourished with green beauty, also waterfalls, valleys, streams and peaks are all perfectly balances the natural beauty of Urumbikkara. The energetic travelers who are willing to take some physical effort to take pleasure in a day, and you have friends to do the same then Urumbikkara is for you. During your, without any doubt Urumbikkara will offer you full of memorable experiences. Catch your awesome holidays in Urumbikkara with Seasonzindia holidays and feel the freshness.Visitors can reach Urumbikkara via four different ways, which include Mundakkayam-Kottickal-Wembly-Urumbikkara route. It may take around 20 km travel distance. The another route which include Mundakkayam-Yendayar- Vadakkemala-Urumbikkara, one of the route from the list and it also takes 20km to reach Urumbikkara. The Kuttikkanam-Ashly estate- Urumbikkara route is a short one and it just needs 7km travel to enter Urumbikkara. Elappara- Memala- Uppukulam –Urumbikkara is the last path and it takes at a distance of 13 km to arrive at Urumbikkara for a fun and enjoyableis waiting for you.Behind each travel journey, every backpacker thinks that the destination must have something which fascinates us; Urumbikkara is just like the same because it keeps a list of attractions which pull on the fascinating travelers and it includes Madam's pot, twin rock, dangerous suicide points and thrilling picturesque landscapes. Catch your awesome Urumbikkara trip through Seasonzindia holidays and experience the nature beauty of it.To Know More visit http://seasonzindia.com/ kerala-packages.aspx? start=0
India should stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible.
— Dr Mohammad Faisal (@ForeignOfficePk) December 11, 2017
Islamabad: Pakistan on Monday said India's politicians should not drag the country into its domestic politics during campaigning for the Gujarat assembly polls."India should stop dragging Pakistan into its electoral debate and win victories on own strength rather than fabricated conspiracies, which are utterly baseless and irresponsible," Pakistan's Foreign Office spokesperson Mohammad Faisal said on Twitter.Prime Minister Narendra Modi yesterday claimed at an election rally that there was an attempt by Pakistan to interfere in the Gujarat polls.Modi also raised questions about the alleged appeal by former director general (DG) of the Pakistan Army Sardar Arshad Rafiq for making senior Congress leader Ahmed Patel chief minister of Gujarat.Modi alleged that Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar had held a meeting at their house which was attended by former prime minister Manmohan Singh, a former Indian vice president, Pakistan's high commissioner in India, and a former Pakistani foreign minister."On one hand, Pakistan Army's former DG is interfering in Gujarat's election, and on the other, Pakistani people are holding a meeting at Mani Shankar Aiyar's house. After that meeting, people of Gujarat, backward communities, poor people and Modi were insulted. Don't you think such events raise doubts?" the prime minister had said while addressing a poll rally in Gujarat.
Another night, another trip down memory lane with the Derry Joural.
Spot anyone you know? Click on the link above to launch our gallery.
(RADIO ALICE) – The success of comic book movies has Marvel Studios greenlighting Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3 when part two has not even hit theaters yet.
Writer and director James Gunn has already been tapped to start work on the third installment of the series. On Monday, Gunn posted on Facebook they will be back for the third “Guardians” movie.
“Vol. 3” will arrive in theaters after the highly-anticipated Avengers: Infinity War is released in 2018. The “GOTG” films feature Chris Pratt as Peter Quill aka Star-Lord, Zoe Saldana as Gamora, Dave Bautista as Drax and features the voices of Bradley Cooper as Rocket Racoon and Vin Diesel as Groot.
©2017 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All rights reserved.
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 arrives in theaters on May 5th.
Temperatures over the weekend could reach 90 degrees along the coast and near triple digits inland
Santa Barbara County faces extreme high temperatures this weekend as a high-pressure system moves into the area, according to the National Weather Service.
An excessive heat watch has been issued for the mountain areas of Santa Barbara County, where temperatures could reach 108 degrees, said Stuart Seto, weather specialist with the National Weather Service.
Although the heat watch is only for the mountain areas, Seto said, temperatures around the county are expected to be significantly higher than normal through next Wednesday, most likely peaking Saturday and Sunday when the center of the high-pressure area reaches the coast.
“Over the weekend, temperatures could approach record levels,” Seto said. “It's forecasted to reach 90 degrees in the city of Santa Barbara on Saturday.”
Highs are expected in the mid- to upper-80s in local coastal areas, and in the mid- to upper-90s in some inland locations. Overnight lows are expected to be in the low- to mid-60s.
Wind gusts to 25 mph are possible Friday night.
The scorching temperatures bring an increased risk of heat-related illnesses, said engineer Russell Sechler of the Santa Barbara County Fire Department.
“There are medical conditions that occur from lack of drinking water, staying in the sun too long or over-exercising,” Sechler said.
People who plan to be outdoors this week should also be prepared to deal with the heat by drinking a lot of water, resting in the shade when feeling discomfort, and maintaining lines of communication in case a 9-1-1 call becomes necessary,” Sechler said.
Rising temperatures also increase the likelihood of wildfires, Sechler noted.
“When you have high temps, low humidity, and high winds, that's when your potential for fire hazards is the highest,” Sechler said.
Many parts of Santa Barbara County experienced less than half the average rainfall this year, and it is especially important that people take necessary precautions.
Secheler recommended that people working with torches, or other tools that could spark a fire, work in the early mornings when the ground is still damp or use a shovel to clear brush from around their worksite.
“People should avoid smoking around dry grass, only have campfires in designated areas, and never leave them unattended,” Sechler said.
— Noozhawk intern Jordon Niedermeier can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Emergency services are responding to a tourist bus crash on the road between Mossburn and Te Anau this morning.
A map showing the location of a bus crash between Te Anau and Lumsden. Source: Google Maps/1 NEWS composite
The crash took place about 8.10am on State Highway 94, on what has been described as a very foggy and icy morning.
The bus has reportedly rolled on to its side and is at the bottom of Gorge Hill near The Key.
1 NEWS has been told 19 people were onboard in total - 17 passengers, a driver and a tour guide.
All are being assessed by ambulance officers, and police said one person has serious injures, "multiple" people have moderate injuries and some sustained minor injuries.
Three helicopters have been deployed to transport patients and the uninjured passengers are waiting on a bus to take them to Te Anau.
GREEN RIVER– Green River URA/Main Street is hosting it's second annual Nightmare Parade at the Sweetwater Fraternal Order of Eagles on Saturday, October 7, at 6 pm.
The event is intended for people high school age and up, but kids can attend if accompanied by an adult.
Dress up in your favorite scary Halloween costume and walk down Flaming Gorge Way in downtown Green River.
Refreshments will be provided at Centennial Park following the parade.
For more information on this event, click here.
A report looking into services for cancer sufferers in Wales have found too many people are being diagnosed at a late stage.
The Welsh Government's 2016 Cancer Annual Report, which looked at NHS cancer services provided across the country, highlighted several improvements - including increasing survival rates - but also pointed to problem areas.
Wales has the second highest incidence rate for cancer in the UK, after Scotland, and key areas for improvement identified in this report include tackling late diagnosis, addressing lifestyle risks for cancer and improving access to tests and treatment times.
Health secretary Vaughan Gething said the Welsh Government's refreshed cancer delivery plan showed its ambition to be among the best in Europe:
“To do this, we must detect more cancers at earlier stages, so that patients can get the most benefit from the treatments available. Our annual report outlines how health boards are reorganising services to achieve this.”
In 2011, less than 42% of all cancers had their stage recorded, according to the report, but by 2015 over 76% of all cancers were having their stage recorded. It states:
“We will continue to tackle late diagnoses. Too many people are diagnosed through emergency routes.
This will require us to focus upon a range of activities to support patient awareness, access to GP services, GPs' response to detection and referral of cancer, in particular lung cancer, where survival rates remain lower than other parts of Europe.”
Some of the reasons given for late diagnosis were lack of public awareness symptoms and lack of willingness to bother GPs.
Mr Gething said cancer was affecting increasing numbers of people in Wales but that the NHS was responding.
They said spending on cancer had increased from £307 million in 2011-12 to £409 million in 2014-15
They added:
“Cancer survival continues to improve but we know there is more work to do.
We are committed to continuing to improve and to deliver the best treatment and care to people with cancer in Wales.”
National news sources are claiming a feud between rival Minecraft gamers is the reason why 24,000 threatening emails were sent to schools and colleges in the UK.
Hundreds of schools were on alert and some evacuated their buildings, telling parents to collect their children after receiving messages containing what police described as a “bomb hoax”.
Police forces around the country have said there are not believed to be any “viable threats”.
Minecraft is one of the most popular video games on the planet with more than 144 million copies sold across all platforms, making it the second best-selling video game of all time.
The creative and building aspects of Minecraft allow players to build with a variety of different cubes in a 3D procedurally generated world. Other activities in the game include exploration, resource gathering, crafting, and combat.
Following the widespread reports of bomb hoaxes across the country, Sky News is reporting that the emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse.
VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
Those involved in the conflict, which centres around the Velt server operators, claimed their opponents have engaged in illegal activities to harass each other.
It's not all about El Tigre, not by a long shot. Rory McIlroy's return from a wilderness of sorts, given that wins on tour are the barometer, provides yet further injection of energy into a golfing season that has awoken from its slumbers with something of a bang.
In McIlroy's case, what a difference a week makes, for sure. From a point where another missed cut at the Valspar led to a meeting with former tour player Brad Faxon to discuss the dark art of putting, McIlroy's victory in the Arnold Palmer Invitational – jumping from 13th to seventh in the latest world rankings – was proof positive of how big a role the mental game plays in the process.
For all the club twirling and fist pumping as the adrenaline coarsed through their veins down the homeward journey of the back nine at Bay Hill Club & Lodge on Sunday, it was work conducted – firstly with coach Michael Bannon to remedy a glitch in their swing, then with Faxon's advice on putting – prior to the tournament that ultimately paid those rich dividends.
McIlroy's first win in 18 months – dating back to their win in the Tour Championship of 2016 – could, as it has done in the past, provide the catalyst for a string of them. History tells us so, most especially in how in they followed up their win in the 2014 British Open with successive wins in the WGC-Bridgestone Invitational and the US PGA. When they get on a roll, they keep on rolling.
So, the win to end the drought couldn't have been any better timed, especially with the Masters – where they will seek to put the missing piece into the jigsaw and achieve the career Grand Slam – looming. Before that, of course, comes this week's WGC Dell Match Play in Austin, Texas, where they are the lone Irish player in the 64-man field.
McIlroy's win in the Arnold Palmer Invitational provided confirmation of the state of their game far beyond the win itself. The statistics, in this case, don't lie: they became the first player – since strokes gained putting was first tracked in 2004 – on the PGA Tour to lead the field in that category as well as driving distance, proximity to the hole and scrambling.
Although their form on the PGA Tour of late had been indifferent, the turnaround when it came was dramatic. And especially when it came to their putting, where those few hours spent with Faxon at The Bears Club – on the Monday before Bay Hill – proved to be very fruitful indeed.
Of that get-together with Faxon, McIlroy explained: “I didn't really hit many putts. It was more of a psychology lesson than anything else.”
McIlroy hugs caddie Harry Diamond after the pair racked up a first win together. Photo: Phelan M. Ebenhack/AP Photo
The upshot, though, was that McIlroy – who reverted to a longer putter, measuring 34¼-inches in place of the 33-inch model he'd used more recently – was a more instinctive feel which was reflected in the stats. Prior to the Arnold Palmer Invitational, they ranked 124th in strokes gained putting; at Bay Hill, they ranked first.
“(Meeting with Faxon) freed up my head more than my stroke. I was complicating things a bit and thinking a little bit too much about it and maybe a little bogged down by technical or mechanical thoughts . . . you look at so many guys out here, so many different ways to get the ball in the hole, even going back to the likes of Billy Mayfair or someone that is very unorthodox but still got it done. The objective is to get that ball in the hole and that's it. I think I lost sight of that a little bit. That sounds silly, I guess, but just reminded myself that it doesn't matter how you do it as long as that thing goes in and that's sort of the mindset I had this week.”
One thing which McIlroy doesn't lack is self-confidence, even in the downtimes. “I've always believed in myself and I know that me being 100 percent healthy is good enough to not just win on the PGA Tour but win a lot. And I guess that's what kept me going. I wanted to get back to 100 percent fitness, which I have, and that allows me to practice as much as I want, go about my business, do everything that I need to do to feel 100 percent prepared to play golf tournaments. So I never lost belief. I know that I've got a gift for this game and I know that if I put the time in I can make a lot of it.”
The win didn't exactly come out of the blue, given that McIlroy had been saying their game wasn't too far away from where they wanted it to be. Even when they were missing cuts – at the Pebble Beach pro-am and the Valspar – they were taking the glass half-full rather than half-empty approach.
“Golf is so fickle and you're never far away from – at least I feel I'm never far away from – producing golf like what I did (in the final round 64). But on the flip side, I don't think you're ever far away from producing mediocre golf as well. It's such a fine line out here and I might have sounded crazy the last few weeks when I was telling everyone it actually feels pretty close and I'm not that far away and I'm putting up 72s and 73s and all of a sudden it all clicks into place and end up winning a golf tournament by three shots and shooting 8-under on the last day. So it's fine lines . . . . it's not as black and white as some people make it out to be.”
So it is that McIlroy – richer to the rune of $1.6 million – heads into the WGC Dell Match Play with an added pep in their step, a title they won back in 2015, for what will be their last tournament ahead of the Masters.
McIlroy's season so far
Abu Dhabi HSBC Championship: 3rd
Dubai Desert Classic: 2nd
AT&T Pebble Beach pro-am: missed cut
Genesis Open: T-20th
Honda Classic: T-59th
Valspar Championship: missed cut
Arnold Palmer Invitational: 1st
The West Indies were sliding towards a heavy defeat at lunch on day four of their second test against New Zealand at Seddon Park.
They started the day at 30 for two, requiring a further 414 to pull off an improbable victory.
By lunch, they were 106 for five, still 338 runs away from the target.
In addition, they had lost luckless Sunil Ambris to injury.
Advertisement
Ambris, who has already trodden on their stumps in two of their first three innings in test cricket, took a blow on their right wrist from a shortish ball by Neil Wagner, to which they played a nothing shot.
They had running repairs, battled on for a few minutes before slowly walking off, head down. They had a word with a physio near the boundary before disappearing into the pavilion, cutting a sad figure.
The West Indies needed captain Kraigg Brathwaite and Shai Hope to knuckle down for a long haul today.
However Brathwaite was gone in the sixth over of the morning, caught at gully off Trent Boult, giving the left armer their 200th test wicket.
He's the sixth New Zealander to join that club and only the fifth left arm fast bowler to get there, after Wasim Akram (Pakistan), Chaminda Vaas (Sri Lanka), Mitchell Johnson (Australia) and Zaheer Khan (India).
Hope departed shortly after. They were struck on an arm by Wagner and after a couple of minutes of repairs hooked the next ball straight to fine leg.
Then Ambris came and went and wicketkeeper Shane Dowrich followed lamely after two balls, popping Wagner to short leg.
Chase and Reifer did hunker down and did a solid job. Reifer struck two pleasant on drives in the final over of the session from Wagner.
Chase had reached 32 and Reifer was on nine at lunch.
Boult and Wagner had two wickets each and Tim Southee one.
For the full scorecard, wagon wheel and Manhattan/Worm click here
Rating the best tons by New Zealand's best test batsmen
NEW YORK (AP) — One reason for the steeliness in Norah O'Donnell's demeanor the morning after the sexual misconduct accusations against former "CBS This Morning" co-anchor Charlie Rose were revealed became apparent on Monday.
They and their colleague, producer Jennifer Janisch, were in the midst of a six-month investigation into sexual assault cases at the U.S. Air Force Academy. Their first report, saying that more than a dozen current and former Air Force cadets believe their cases had been mishandled and that they faced retaliation, aired Monday on "CBS This Morning."
Two current and two former cadets talked to O'Donnell on the broadcast about their experiences.
When "CBS This Morning" reported on Rose the morning of Nov. 21, O'Donnell spoke sternly about what had been learned about their colleague. There's no excuse, they said. "This has to end. This behavior is wrong. Period," they said. Rose was fired hours later.
Advertisement
"When I said women cannot achieve full equality in the workforce until there is a reckoning and a taking of responsibility, that line and the sternness with which I delivered it, was impacted because of what I witnessed at the Air Force academy," O'Donnell said.
While the Department of Defense has encouraged victims of abuse in the military to report their stories, O'Donnell said that attitude hasn't fully filtered down, and that some women have been ostracized or retaliated against for talking about it.
"That, to me, is egregious and unacceptable and it is ruining what could be fine military careers," said O'Donnell, whose father served in the military for 30 years and whose sister is in the Army. One of the former cadets who spoke to CBS left the academy while their alleged harasser graduated.
Similar stories inspired Janisch, who said they wanted to look into the impact of sexual misconduct on women away from high-profile careers like the media and entertainment.
The current cadets had their identities obscured during the CBS interview because they were not permitted to speak to the press.
"It was incredibly brave of them to not only share their stories on the phone, but to leave the campus and risk their military careers to sit down with us to shine a light on what they believe is a systemic problem at the U.S. Air Force Academy," O'Donnell said.
An organization representing farmers in Chipata, has expressed worry over the delay by FRA, Food Reserve Agency, to pay farmers their money.
Chipata District Farmers Association Coordinator Virgil Malambo says the delay by FRA to pay farmers their money is a source of worry, because this is the time farmers should start buying farming inputs.
They say the agency indicated that it will start paying farmers, two weeks after selling their maize, but that some farmers who have not yet been paid sold their maize to the agency in August.
Mr. Malambo says FRA has a capacity to pay farmers in time, because it has reduced the tonnage they have purchased from farmers this year.
They say the trend by the agency is unacceptable, adding that the statement by government that it wants to prioritize agriculture, as an engine for economic development will not be implemented if this trend continues.
They add that FRA should therefore expedite the payment before the onset of the rains.
Video: Sassy Rebel Wilson charms media after huge defamation win, thought about 'pashing' Liam Hemsworth to keep their mind off case
"I didn't deserve it and if they knew me personally, they'd know that I've worked so hard for everything I've ever got."
Police officers block a road approaching the town of Sept-Sorts, about 65 kilometers 40 miles) east of Paris, France after an incident when a driver slammed their car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017.
Lee MacDonald, who played Zammo in Grange Hill, told BBC Radio 5 live how they have been affected by TSB's IT problems.
Lee MacDonald, who played Zammo in children's TV show Grange Hill in the 1980s, told the BBC they have had an “absolute nightmare” following TSB's IT glitches.
Mr MacDonald, a key cutter and locksmith, told Anna Foster on BBC Radio 5 live: “I'm having an absolute nightmare. I've got two accounts, both business accounts, with TSB.”
Pleasure to speak to @leemacdonald – AKA 80s TV legend Zammo from #grangehill – on @bbclive earlier about #TSB. They now run locksmith and key-cutting business Mentor Lock & Safe Co in Wallington and their business has ground to a halt because of the bank's IT problems. #justsayno pic.twitter.com/HtbmTXKm6l — Guy Kilty (@GuyKilty) April 24, 2018
They continued: “My business has literally stopped. I don't know what money's coming in, I don't know what money's going out.
“It is unbelievable for a big company like that. I'm in absolute turmoil at the moment.”
They continued: “I've been ringing the online helpline and it goes to an engaged tone, so I can't even speak to anybody at the other end of the phone…
“When you're running a small business, every job counts and it's just a nightmare.”
© Press Association 2018
Contact
Kevin Wortham
609-731-9311
***@minding- our-business.com Kevin Wortham609-731-9311
End
--Trenton, NJ – June 14, 2017 – Minding Our Business (MOB) will support and celebrate the success of one its alumni Qaysean Williams at the opening of their business "Manikin MOB Showroom" this Saturday, June 17, 2017. The luxury street wear or "Where Street Meets High Fashion" showroom will have men's and women's apparel available for sale.Twenty-six year-old Williams became involved with MOB in 2003 and participated in the Summer Program for four years. As an alumnus of the program, they are still heavily involved with the organization, supporting participants and attending student events and Market Fair Days. "The MOB program definitely helped to build my character", said Williams. "The program instilled business concepts and provided me with a blueprint for succss in entrepreneurship,"he added. Williams completed a degree in Fashion Merchandising from Mercer County Community College and is now pursuing their bachelor's degree in fashion at Montclair State University.Nonprofit, Minding Our Business (MOB), offers a five-week Summer Program each year that provides 35 Mercer County youth with the opportunity to start and run a business. Middle school students participate in five weeks of training in entrepreneurship at Rider University and run their businesses throughout the summer. "The intensive training program also challenges students to improve their reading, math and communication skills," says MOB Executive Director, Kevin Wortham. "The experiential component involves four Summer Market Fairs at different sites in Trenton where students run their businesses, and prior to each Market Fair, students go on a trip to purchase merchandise for their ventures and participate in a Business Coaching Session," says Wortham.Williams' showroom will have all types of clothing for men and women including custom evening wear for women, swim apparel and unique fashions for men. They will run their business from "soup to nuts," serving as fashion designer and creative director for their brand while also freelancing for other companies. The showroom is located at 132 East Hanover Street in Trenton, NJ., and the opening will take place from 4:00-8:30 p.m. this Saturday, June 17. If you have an interest in fashion or supporing small businesses and new and up-and-coming opportunities in Trenton, please stop by to congratulate Williams, see their sample clothing line and support the community.In addition to the Summer Program at Rider University for low-income Middle-school students, MOB also offers a 12-week after-school Service-Learning Program, which also emphasizes entrepreneurship training, as well as math, reading, communication and life skills. If you are interested in obtaining more information about MOB's programs or would like to make a donation to support our efforts, please visit the Minding Our Business website at www.minding- our-business.com or call Executive Director, Kevin Wortham at 609-731-9311.
A controversial marina development at Waiheke Island's Kennedy Point has the green light, after an Environment Court ruling yesterday.
Auckland Council-apppointed commissioners approved the 186-berth marina in May last year but SKP Incorporated, which the court said should not be confused with Save Kennedy Point Inc, a different legal entity, appealed the decision.
Tony Mair, director of Kennedy Point Boatharbour, said they were "delighted" the court had now upheld the original decision.
The decision noted that the Environment Court had previously rejected another scheme for Matiatia.
"While Matiatia is the principal passenger entry port to Waiheke, Kennedy Point can be described as the principal commercial entry port, handling as it does primarily vehicular ferries and freight," Environment Court Principal Judge Laurie Newhook's decision said.
Advertisement
Mair, represented by Derek Nolan QC and Kitt Littlejohn, said the decision was vindication for their scheme.
They expect no appeals "as it's very clean. If you read the decision of the principal court judge, you can make your mind up.
"The court has endorsed all of the effort we put into the project. All of our design innovations and the engagement process we followed with key stakeholders Ngāti Paoa and Sealink have been affirmed," Mair said.
"The marina will utilise New Zealand-first floating breakwater technology from Sweden, including floating pontoons for access, car-parking and marina buildings. It will include space for public pick-up and drop-off and day berthage for small boats visiting the island. A café, kayak/SUP storage and community meeting space would be developed. Donald Bruce Road would also be widened to improve ferry queuing," Mair said.
An SKP spokesperson said this morning: "All of us in SKP are utterly sad. We will consider how we will move forward in the next few days."
David Baigent, SKP Inc chairperson and spokesperson said today: "We are disappointed. However, we do not feel defeated. We have been in this process for the benefit not of ourselves but of the environment and our community. We will take the coming days to carefully review this decision and decide on future action."
The court said key features of the scheme were:
• A marina basin created by two floating attenuators, piled in place with no need for dredging, reclamation or breakwaters;
• Marina piers and fingers capable of providing up to 186 berths, all fully reticulated for power and fresh water, set back between 75m and 100m from the foreshore and located in an area of the coastal marina area zoned for moorings:
• New pile moorings and dinghy racks for up to 19 vessels;
• Public pickup and drop off berthage and day berthage for up to 30 trailer boats;
• A floating access and carparking pontoon connected to the land via a hinged gangway and piled wharf structure off Donald Bruce Rd;
• A floating marina office and berth user's facilities with floating community building, viewing deck and storage;
• Public grey and black water pump-out and temporary storage facilities;
• Upgrading Donald Bruce Rd to assist in separating ferry traffic from other traffic and improving the existing carpark.
A senior White House official has detailed how President Donald Trump pushed for invading Venezuela instead of exhausting other diplomatic measures.
President Donald Trump's alarming rhetoric is enough to strike fear into many Americans, who believe that their vitriolic words could result in possible war with other nations. But what they say behind closed doors is equally troublesome.
A high level source in the White House has recently revealed stark conversations Trump had within their cabinet regarding how to deal with a growing dictatorship within Venezuela. While most agreed sanctions on the nation, in conjunction with other Latin American nations that normally do business with Venezuela leveling economic penalties, were warranted, Trump pushed the envelope, reportedly asking why we couldn't just invade the country with our military.
Former National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster and former Secretary of Defense Rex Tillerson, both still in office during the August 10 meeting, were taken aback, according to the senior administration official who spoke anonymously. The exchange between officials trying to explain to Trump why that'd be a bad idea — for instance, it'd risk alienating other nations in the region who had already agreed to take action against Venezuela — lasted for five minutes.
Trump pushed on, citing military successes in the 1980s in Grenada and Panama. They were apparently convinced not to push the issue further during that meeting.
That didn't mean they dropped it from their mind, however, and the next day the president threatened Venezuela with the power of the U.S. military. “We have many options for Venezuela including a possible military option if necessary,” they said to reporters.
It remained an option for them for well after that. In September, during the United Nations General Assembly, Trump participated in a private dinner with at least four other leaders from Latin American nations. Trump was briefed by their staff not to mention invading Venezuela again, lest they risk pushing away allies for the reasons outlined above.
Trump (being Trump) ignored those warnings. “My staff told me not to say this,” they began. They then asked each of the leaders around the table whether they were absolutely certain they didn't want to have the U.S. invade Venezuela, to remove President Nicolas Maduro from power. Each of the four said they did not want that.
This whole revelation reveals two things. First, Trump is demonstrating that they don't trust their advisers when it comes to the strategic advice they give to him. They ignored them on several occasions, and only relented on the issue (it seems) once they asked their allies directly whether it would be a bad idea to invade.
Second, this also shows that Trump is a warhawk, one of the worst kind we've ever seen to sit in the White House. Whether it's with Venezuela or any other country they have a beef with, Trump isn't afraid to use the military as a means to get their way. That could mean that, by the end of their first term, we may see ourselves engaging in a war with an adversary over a minute issue that could have easily been resolved using diplomatic measures instead.
Trump's erratic behavior has to be controlled. Unfortunately, no one in the White House seems willing to do so. It is up to the American people, then, in the upcoming midterm elections to elect a Congress that's willing to stand up to him.
This column is authored by Tech Entrepreneur & OKR Expert, Henrik-Jan Van Der Pol
Behind every great success, there are goals. Unfortunately, setting goals isn't something most people are naturally good at. Getting good at goal setting requires training. In the beginning, you'll make mistakes that prevent you from tapping your full potential. But after eliminating these mistakes and re-thinking the way you set goals, you'll exceed your own and everyone else's expectations.
When it comes to successful goal setting, there's a lot we can learn from companies like Intel or Google. They were pioneers in using the goal-setting framework OKR (Objectives & Key Results) to increase transparency, engagement, and alignment across their companies. To make it really simple: an Objective is your destination, and Key Results are numbers that tell you if you're getting there.
Based on OKR theory and insights I got from helping hundreds of companies of all types and sizes achieving their goals more effectively, I've collected six common goal setting mistakes everyone should avoid:
Resetting goals too frequently
Being fast and agile on an operational level is a must if you need to adapt to changes in a fast-moving environment. However, being able to commit to a specific range of goals for a longer period is a crucial skill for successful people. If you constantly feel the need to change your existing goals, you're not thinking strategically enough. Taking a long view when setting your Objectives and Key Results will make frequent changes needless. Most companies set goals on an annual as well as on a quarterly basis.
Relying on your gut feeling
Intuition is useful but overrated. What could work for an individual running a business on their own stops working when you have other people around. How should you, and especially others, be able to see the impact of your efforts if your Objectives are not measurable? Always keep in mind that it's not about ticking items on your checklist but about moving the needle. That's why you should have specific Key Results that tell you whether you're getting closer to your Objective or not.
Thinking too small
We all love performing like rock stars and scoring a 10 out of 10. A very common mistake is setting your goals in a way that getting to this stage becomes way too easy. Instead, what Google does to evaluate the success of OKRs is classifying the progress of 60-70% as the “sweet spot” for impressive results. Goals should always make you feel a bit uncomfortable. This is how you unlock creative thinking and achieve outstanding results.
Keeping goals private
The fact that you're in charge of achieving your goals doesn't mean that you're the only one who should be aware of them. Company-wide goal transparency leads to higher employee engagement and better collaboration because everyone knows where your company is heading. Imagine you and your team would have to win a rowing race blindfolded. Although every one of you knows the sequences of movement needed to row, your team will be unable to align their efforts and win the race. Making goals transparent is like taking off the blindfold.
Having too many goals
Deciding what not to do is way more complicated than deciding what to do. The ability to make tough decisions is what separates successful people from people running after their own goals. When setting your goals for the next quarter, limit yourself to 3-4 Objectives. Each week, you should try to focus on working on only one Objective that gets your full attention. I like illustrating this with an ancient Chinese proverb: “If you chase two rabbits, both will escape.”
Ignoring the context
No matter how good you are at what you do: your personal efforts will be useless unless they are aligned with other employees' goals, and most importantly: the company's top priorities. This sounds pretty basic, but if you would ask the average (talented) employee in a company, the majority wouldn't even know their company's top priorities. Setting goals that contribute to higher levels of the organization is what brings you closer to fulfilling your company's ultimate goal.
SEAGULL SWOOP: Adam Best, 19, stole chips from a customer at the Hungry Tum and then exposed themselves to police.
SEAGULL SWOOP: Adam Best, 19, stole chips from a customer at the Hungry Tum and then exposed themselves to police. Mike Knott BUN201216HUNGRYTUM2
Reporter Ross Irby has wander-lust mixed with a sense of adventure, spending way too many years roaming about Australia, its back roads and off-shore foreign lands. Enjoys a yarn, story telling and tales, along with curiosity to find out about the lives and (mis)adventures of others. An off-beat sense of humour, not taking it all too seriously, along with big doses of flexibility/adaptability whatever the situation is the best way to go. You have to have the life experiences to have empathy...
ADAM Best had a few drinks under their belt and other substances when they bobbed up at Bundy's popular Hungry Tum cafe.
Late-night eaters saw them walk past a few times, however, Best did not stay outside.
Instead they spied a woman eating and swooped - grabbing a handful of chips off their plate without bothering to show any good manners by asking first.
Their seagull-like swoop scored them a date before Bundaberg Magistrates Court where the 19-year-old pleaded guilty to committing a public nuisance on Friday, November 24.
Prosecutor Andrew Blunt said the incident happened at 11pm after Best was seen to walk by the Hungry Tum multiple times before suddenly grabbing the chips off the diner's plate and leaving the cafe.
Senior Constable Blunt said Best was later found by police on a nearby street where they appeared to have trouble standing and maintaining a coherent conversation with officers.
"He says they injected (opoid) Subutex,” Snr Cnst Blunt said.
While speaking to the officers Best pulled their pants down, exposing their penis to the police and to a surprised passer-by.
Defence lawyer Rian Dwyer said Best was intoxicated that night on various substances including Subutex and marijuana, and had also been drinking alcohol.
Magistrate Neil Lavaring fined Best $200.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Bale Net Wrap Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Tama (Israel), RKW Group (DE), KARATZIS (Greece), UPU Industries (US), Piippo Oyj (Finland), Bridon Cordage (US), Bridon Cordage (US), Syfilco (CA), Changzhou Xinhui Netting (CN), Ruian Jiacheng (CN), Qingdao Agri (CN), Changzhou LiBo (CN).
The Bale Net Wrap Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Bale Net Wrap industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bale-net-wrap-market/10152/#requestforsample
The Bale Net Wrap Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist business people in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Bale Net Wrap Market Products Type Segmentation : Knitted Net Wrap, Extruded Net Wrap.
Bale Net Wrap Market Applications Segmentation : Baling Hay, Baling Straw, Others.
Key Highlights of the Bale Net Wrap Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-bale-net-wrap-market/10152/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Bale Net Wrap market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
THE Public Attorneys Office (PAO) on Tuesday filed obstruction of justice charges against Health Secretary Francisco Duque 3rd before the Department of Justice.
The case was filed by PAO in behalf of the parents of alleged Dengvaxia victim Abbie Hedia, 13, who died in February or three months after they were injected with the anti-dengue vaccine.
PAO chief Persida Acosta said Duque refused to share give a copy of the masterlist of people administered with Dengvaxia.
“The masterlist will serve as guide in the PAO investigation. Why are they hiding it, what's in the masterlist?” Acosta said.
PAO forensic chief Dr. Erwin Erfe said they had repeatedly asked Duque to give them a copy of the list.
“He told us that they would not investigate or file cases against Sanofi. But instead they ordered a probe and investigated current and former health officials who are to blame [for the Dengavaxi mass vaccination]. They were the people being pointed to by the parents of the victims. So clearly there is a conflict of interest,” Erfe said.
Erfe said more cases will be filed by the families of the other children who died after being inoculated with Dengvaxia.
Last week, charges of violation of the anti-torture law and reckless imprudence resulting in homicide were filed against Duque, former Health Secretary Janet Garin and other former and current Health officials.
Duque said the charges were “malicious and oppressive,” maintaining that they had nothing to do with the implementation of the mass immunization program in 2017.
Amazon's Choice is a feature that aids people save time plus effort while in search of common, daily items. Initially intended for Alexa-allowed devices similar the Amazon Echo as well as the Echo dot, this feature has now concreted its way toward the web site and the Amazon app.
The Amazon's Choice badge is a credit given to choice products that meet a definite criterion. The standards are a closely protected secret; though, judging from products that received the badge – extremely valued products plus well-priced ones by Prime Delivery are the ones typically selected. Amazon's Choice is a badge that is presented to definite sellers. Amazon's Choice is merely used on products that are accessible for sale over Amazon Echo. Via Alexa and the Echo AI, Amazon Key clienteles have been capable to reorder stuffs that they have bought in the previous. Nowadays, they are moreover able toward purchase new ones with Amazon Echo as well as Echo Dot devices. Over voice command, Alexa could search over Amazon's Choice for Prime-entitled products and create suggestions toward Prime members.
There is Amazon's Choice Sphygmomanometer Christmas Offer.
Sphygmomanometer forms a portion of the standard blood pressure checking assembly. The sphygmomanometer is involved with a tubing toward a cuff that is located on the arm, above the elbow, at the similar level as patient's heart. The cuff is then exaggerated to upsurge the pressure on the arm plus restrict the flow of blood over the arteries.
Once totally inflated, the pressure is then gradually released so as to the blood flow returns to usual and the pressure could be measured as the blood is pushed over the body and while it goes back toward the heart. The sphygmomanometer is the knob like otherwise digital device that displays the reading of systolic plus diastolic pressure. A stethoscope might also be added toward the assembly so as to the distinctive sound of blood rustling back into the arteries plus veins could be heard.
The different kinds of sphygmomanometer
There are two kinds of sphygmomanometer, manual plus automatic; though, these terms have further to do through the cuffs involved to the sphygmomanometer than the device itself. A manual sphygmomanometer is fundamentally a blood pressure checking device where the blood pressure cuff have to be bloated with the aid of a rubber bulb. Instead, in the instinctive sphygmomanometer the cuffs are battery power-driven and are swollen automatically.
Though, the sphygmomanometer dial furthermore derives in two form; the digital version wherever the BP readings could be seen on a digital screen plus the dial like round meter which has needles pointing toward numerals imitating your blood pressure analyses. The dial sphygmomanometer has to be adjusted once a year to confirm the precision of the readings
There is moreover a third kind of sphygmomanometer, which is usually used by health care professionals because of its accuracy, the mercurial kind manometer, which does not have toward be recalibrated. The units used for the dimension of blood pressure in this device are millimeter of mercury.
http://e-papyrus.com/amazons-choice-sphygmomanometer-christmas-offer
The Weetabix Food Company, owners of one of Britain's leading cereal brands, has welcomed the news it is to be acquired by Post Holdings, Inc.
The deal values Weetabix, which is based at Burton Latimer, at £1.4 billion.
Weetabix CEO Giles Turrell has welcomed the news
The acquisition comes on the back of the growth in Weetabix's UK market share for cereals and drinks, rising from 15.3 per cent to 16.4 per cent, in the past year as consumers look for more nutritious, tasty and convenient breakfast choices.
Post Holdings, Inc., which has its headquarters in St Louis, Missouri, in America, is a consumer packaged goods holding company with a broad product portfolio across food including ready-to-eat cereal, value-added egg products, protein shakes, bars and powders, peanut and other nut butters, and granola.
Through its Post Consumer Brands business, Post Holdings is a leader in the North American ready-to-eat cereal category.
It is hoped the combination of Post and Weetabix will boost international growth opportunities on both sides.
News of the acquisition was welcomed by Giles Turrell, CEO of Weetabix Food Company, who said: “Today's deal is great news for the team at Weetabix and all those who love our brands.
“The past five years have seen us increase our branded sales at home and overseas.
“Post is a leader within its markets and shares our commitment to providing great tasting nutritious products for the whole family.
“I'm confident they will help us open doors for continued expansion.”
Alongside Weetabix, the Weetabix Food Company also produces popular breakfast brands including Weetabix Minis, Alpen and Weetos.
In 2014, it launched a breakfast drinks business, Weetabix On The Go.
This has grown rapidly, with sales of more than £15 million in 2016.
As a standalone brand, it would now be in the top 20 breakfast brands in the UK, having grown 70 per cent in 2016.
Weetabix is headquartered in Burton Latimer and has factories in Burton Latimer and Corby.
It also has operations in North America, South Africa, Germany and Spain.
Weetabix is a majority owner of a joint venture in Kenya that serves the African market and Weetabix Food Company exports its brands to more than 90 countries around the world.
In recent years, Weetabix has seen strong growth in China which is now its third-largest market after the UK/Ireland and North America.
Post Holdings has agreed in principle to establish a joint venture with previous owners the Bright Food Group and Barings Private Equity Asia to manage the Chinese operations.
Despite the news being welcomed by Weetabix bosses, Unite, the largest union in the country, has asked for an urgent meeting with the new American owner of Weetabix to seek assurances about job security.
Unite represents more than 110 members, including engineering and technical staff at its sites in Burton Latimer and Corby.
Regional officer for Unite Sally Mortimer said: “We will be seeking an urgent meeting with the new owner to seek assurances on job security and to ascertain the business plan going forward.
“We want to work constructively with the new management team to ensure the success of the iconic Weetabix brand and to safeguard the future employment for our hardworking and dedicated members.”
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel is rejecting suggestions that an agreement to set up "transit centers" on the border with Austria, from which some asylum-seekers would be returned to other European countries, marks a turnaround in their migration policy.
The agreement among Merkel's conservative bloc hinges on other countries taking back migrants they've previously registered, as well on as the chancellor's center-left coalition partners. Merkel said people would be kept in the new centers for 48 hours at most.
Merkel refused to close Germany's borders as the migrant influx peaked in 2015 but has since significantly toughened their stance. They backed a wider but later-aborted proposal for border facilities over two years ago.
Asked by ARD television Wednesday whether they have now become a "sealing-off chancellor," Merkel replied: "No. A clear no."
On August 12, Syrian paratroopers were deployed behind Daesh's positions in 20 km from the battlefront; the operation resulted in the liberation of the town of al-Hadar located on the border between Raqqa and Homs provinces.
“On August 12 night, for the first time since the beginning of hostilities against Daesh terrorist group in Syria, the [Syrian] government forces managed to prepare and conduct a brilliant operation to make a tactical landing in the rear of the militants which resulted in their complete defeat and capture of the settlement of Al-Hadar about 120 kilometers west of the city of Deir ez-Zor,” the Russian Defense Ministry said.
Russian Ka-52 combat helicopters conducted strikes in the area to help the Syrian army's campaign.
“With the help of night vision systems, the renowned [Ka-52] Alligators not only effectively directed and corrected the fire of multiple-launch rocket system, but also destroyed [terrorists'] armored vehicles and armed cars,” the ministry said.
Russian military advisors took part in the preparation of the Syrian paradrop behind Daesh's defense lines, while well-known Syrian commander, General Suhel Hassan headed the operation.
“In a brief battle, the Syrian paratroopers… destroyed the headquarters and ammunition depots of terrorists, knocked out two [Daesh] tanks and three armored vehicles,” the Russian military said.
The Syrian paratroopers were holding the captured positions before the approach of the main forces. “The actions of the tactical landing force and the effectiveness of the fire damage inflicted on Daesh fighters allowed the government troops to seize al-Hadar without losses,” the Russian military said.
After the successful operation, the Syrian army gained control over 60 square kilometers of the territory, three populated areas and two oil fields.
On Sunday, the Russian Defense Ministry said that that Russian military aviation helped the Syrian army liberate Daesh's hotbed in the Homs province, the town of As-Sukhnah. The development paves the way for the operation to free besieged Deir ez-Zor.
The same day, Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said that the Deir ez-Zor liberation would largely mean the successful end of the fight against Daesh.
© Sputnik/ Evgeny Biyatov
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – Middle East
Follow live updates of the Black Caps' first Twenty20 against Australia at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
New Zealand will play their first limited overs tri-series match in Australia for 11 years when they meet the hosts tonight.
New Zealand accepted their last invitation to the 50-over version of such contests in the summer of 2006-07, again post-Ashes, with England the third opponent. Bilateral series have dominated the landscape since.
Hopefully the 2018 series resurrects that hype, albeit over 40 overs with our abridged contemporary attention spans.
Advertisement
When the players emerge in the shadow of the SCG's Members Pavilion, hope springs eternal that those memories revive.
New Zealanders seldom play at the ground, but will be aware of what to expect. One side could be longer than the other depending on which strip of the block gets used after a full slate of test, ODI and Big Bash League T20s this summer.
It's a proper cricket ground so field positions, running between the wickets and backing up off the ball will all need adapting to what New Zealand might strike on a smaller ground like Eden Park.
The average first innings score in nine BBL first innings this season is 154. That figure balloons to 164 if you take out the anomaly when the Brisbane Heat were dismissed for 73 by the Sydney Sixers.
Four matches were won by the team batting first; five by the team batting second.
Four results came down to the last ball of the match.
New Zealand are ranked second in the world and Australia are seventh, yet the hosts' squad includes players worth four times as much as the visitors in the Indian Premier League auction.
Market Highlights:
Market Research Future (MRFR) Announces the Publication of its Half Cooked Research Report – Super capacitor Market 2016-2022.
The Super Capacitor Market is growing rapidly. Increased demand in smart gadgets, increased demand for power backup for low power equipments such as RAM, SRAM, and microcontrollers are driving the super capacitor market. The Super capacitor market is globally emerging across world. New opportunities from hybrid electric vehicles (HEV), smart grids, and renewable energy systems are the factors accelerating the super capacitor market.
The study reveals that the increasing costs of fossil fuels and the dangerous impact of rising carbon emissions are compelling several consumer electronics manufacturers and automobile makers to adopt new alternative power supplies which has resulted in a trend of using hybrid energy sources in the near future which is responsible for growth the super capacitor market by the forecast period. The study indicates that the future electronics has a full super capacitor selection from several manufacturers that can be used for a super capacitor battery or for any other super capacitor applications. The high costs of new materials used in super capacitor is the major restraining factor for the super capacitor market.
Request a Sample Report @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2548
The study indicates that new development and research is still going on in the field of super capacitors to increase the capability. Recent news shared that researchers in Australia have developed a new type of electrode that radically increases the energy storage capacity of super capacitors and could lead to flexible, thin film self-contained solar capture and storage devices.
According to Market Research Future Analysis, Global Super capacitor Market has been valued at US $ ~4 Billion by the end of forecast period with ~22% of CAGR during forecast period 2016 to 2022.
Major Key Players:
Market Research Future (MRFR) recognizes the following companies as the key players in the Super capacitor Market: – Panasonic Corporation (Japan), Ioxus (U.S.), CAP-XX (Australia), Angstron Materials (U.S.), Maxwell Technologies, Inc. (U.S.), LS Ultracapacitor (South Korea), Graphenex (UK), Vina Technology (South Korea), Nesscap Energy Inc. (Canada) among others.
Segments:
The global super capacitor market has been segmented on the basis of type, material, application, end-user and region.
Super capacitor by Type:
Double layer capacitor
Pseudo capacitor
Hybrid capacitor
Super capacitor by Material:
Electrodes
Activated carbon
Activated carbon fibres
Carbon aerogel
Carbide-derived carbon
Graphene
Metal oxides
Others
Super capacitor by Application:
Audio system
Camera
Solar Watch
Laptop
Aircraft
Others
Super capacitor by End-user:
Consumer Electronics
Automotive
Manufacturing
Aerospace & Defense
Healthcare
Others
Regional Analysis:
The regional analysis of Super capacitor Market is being studied for region such as Asia pacific, North America, Europe and Rest of the World. The study indicates that Asia-Pacific is dominating the super capacitor market with the highest market share. Asia – Pacific countries like China, South Korea, Singapore, Australia and Japan are ahead in the in Super capacitor market due to increasing penetration of high-tech devices, increased installation of energy storage systems, introduction to hybrid transportation and many more. The study predicts Asia-Pacific would be the fastest growing region in the super capacitor market.
Access Report Details @
https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/super-capacitor-market-2548
Intended Audience
System Integrators
Super capacitor Panel Technicians and Technologist
Network equipment vendors
OEMs
Super capacitor vendors
Network infrastructure integrators
Government Organizations
Research/Consultancy firms
Commenting on the report, an analyst from Market Research Future (MRFR)'s team said:
By Type segment, the double layer super capacitor is the major contributor to the Super capacitor Market. The study indicates that by combining a battery with a super capacitor creates an electric vehicle battery which is long lasting, more powerful and less expensive than other technologies. The rechargeable electricity energy system in hybrid and electric vehicles uses super capacitors as its storage system. Super capacitors are also used in self-powered equipment that can be powered by humans. Considering the end user segment the automotive sector is expected to grow significantly in super capacitor market by the forecast period.
By Region, Asia-Pacific region has been leading the super capacitor market. Many factors such as innovation, large consumer electronics base have credited to developments of Super capacitor market in Asia-Pacific region. It has been observed that Asia-Pacific countries like China, South Korea, Singapore, Australia and Japan would enhance the super capacitor market by the forecast period. It has been in observed that Asia-Pacific government is taking initiatives for developing hybrid transportation which has resulted in the growth of super capacitor market.
For the purpose of this study, the global Super capacitor market has been segmented on the basis of equipment and end user industries. The report on Super capacitor contains detailed analysis with market size of each segment.
The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors.
List Of Table
1 Market Introduction
1.1 Introduction
1.2 Scope of Study
1.2.1 Research Objective
1.2.2 Assumptions
1.2.3 Limitations
1.3 Market Structure
2 Research Methodology
2.1 Research Network Solution
2.2 Primary Research
2.3 Secondary Research
2.4 Forecast Model
2.4.1 Market Data Collection, Analysis & Forecast
2.4.2 Market Size Estimation
Continue…
List of Tables
Table 1 Super Capacitor Market, By Type
Table 2 Super Capacitor Market, By Material
Table 3 Super Capacitor Market, By Application
Continue…
List of Figures
Figure 1 Research Network Solution
Figure 2 Super Capacitor Market: By Type (%)
Figure 3 Super Capacitor Market: By Material (%)
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact Us:
Market Research Future Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers Pune – 411028 Maharashtra, India Phone: +91 841 198 5042 Mail: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Former Wales scrumhalf Dwayne Peel has been announced as Ulster's new assistant coach.
Peel, who earned 76 Welsh caps and was part of Grand Slam winning sides in 2005 and 2008, has signed a two-year deal at Ravenhill.
They will join Ulster for the 2017/18 season, and their appointment follows the announcement of Jono Gibbes as head coach earlier this week.
The 35-year-old is currently the backs and attack coach at Bristol following their retirement from playing last March.
On the their new role, Peel said: “I'm delighted to have this opportunity. Ulster is one of the big clubs in European rugby and I'm looking forward to working with a large contingent of quality players.
“Coaching was always a natural progression for me and I'm really enjoying my role with Bristol. Over the years I've spent time in different environments trying to pick things up that will benefit my career and this move to Belfast is another step in the right direction.
“I've talked with Les (Kiss) a lot over the past couple of weeks and it's exciting for me to work with someone of their calibre. I'm looking forward to getting started in the summer, but my focus will be with Bristol until the end of the season.”
Meanwhile Director of Rugby Les Kiss said: “I'm very pleased that Dwayne will join us from next season. He's a talented coach who has a great understanding of the game and I'm really excited by what they will bring to our environment.
“It was obvious through my discussions with Dwayne that they have an exceptional coaching eye and they will provide us with refreshing insight and ideas.
“After Jono (Gibbes) agreed to join us, it was clear that Dwayne was going to be a great fit for our coaching group for next season. Once I identified Jono and Dwayne, the Ulster Professional Game Board was fully behind my decision, and Bryn (Cunningham) worked hard to ensure the deals were completed. They will both be terrific additions.”
Vybe Hammocks are becoming a game-changer in the outdoor industry and fashion industry alike, by offering unique, stylish designs.
Vybe Hammmocks
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Hammock
* Kickstarter
* Launch Industry:
* Lifestyle Location:
* Orlando - Florida - US Subject:
* Products
Contact
Brandon Bateman
***@vybehammocks.com Brandon Bateman
End
-- "I always thought hammocks were too 'granola-ey,' but your designer hammocks completely changed that. Now, my friends and I love hammocking"-Tyler Trant, UCF StudentTheir goal is to create a product everybody loves, while supporting the important cause of fighting deforestation. For every hammock they sell, they will be planting a tree somewhere that needs it most.The founders at Vybe Hammocks believe that their new designer hammock products will be your new favorite accessory, whether you are currently into hammocks or not."There's a hammock for your lifestyle. Whether that's backpacking and fishing, or hanging out by the pool or on the beach, you'll find that our hammocks are the accessory you've been missing," said Co-founder Brandon Bateman. "Our designs are hand-drawn, and our hammocks are hand-made, all with you in mind."Stylish, portable and lightweight, Vybe Hammocks really are the premium step-up from what is already offered in the industry. They are ready to hang almost anywhere, with near-limitless possibilities. Their features include:- A lightweight and portable design (the hammocks only weigh about one pound)- Stylish designer prints- Competitive pricing- A 100% hemp hammock bag with clip-on functionality- The fastest straps to hang your hammock on the market, which are also specially designed to be safe on trees- Made of light-weight parachute grade rip-stop nylonVybe Hammocks just launched on Friday, August 4th on Kickstarter. The campaign ends on September 4For more information on how to purchase their designer hammocks at reduced prices only available during crowdfunding, visit their Kickstarter campaign page at the following link: http://kck.st/ 2uGVlr1
Samsung releases Valve's Steam Link app for its Smart TVs for the first time in the TV industry, allowing users to enjoy thousands of PC games through big-screen TVs
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tag:
• Samsung Industry:
• Business Location:
• Amman - Amman - Jordan
Contact
traccs jordan
***@traccs.net traccs jordan
End
--Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. announced the expansion of Valve's Steam Link to all of its 2016 and 2017 Smart TVs, including the recently released QLED TV line. Samsung is the first TV manufacturer to have this application live on its Smart TVs.Instead of connecting Steam Link hardware to the TV, this technology enables users to stream their favorite games from their in-home PC directly to their Samsung Smart TVs via an app in the Samsung Smart Hub. If users connect the in-home PC and TV and run a Steam Link game service on their PC, they can play the game on their Samsung Smart TV screen via the Steam Link app.The Steam Link app, which was previously available as a free beta version in the U.S. market, is now available in 55 countries, including the U.S., the U.K. and Korea. It supports full 4K streaming on 2017 TV models, and allows Samsung Smart TV users to enjoy thousands of PC games through their big-screen TVs."We've received incredible feedback on our Steam Link feature and are excited to bring it to our consumers around the world," said Heeman Lee, Vice President of the Visual Display Business at Samsung Electronics. "We're thrilled that our Smart TVs are helping redefine the PC gaming experience by providing players the opportunity to utilize large-screen displays that deliver true-to-life picture quality."Samsung's 2017 QLED TV models are also highly optimized for gaming. The TVs boast extremely low input and display latency together with the superb image quality of quantum dot technology. Also highly durable, Samsung's QLED TVs do not suffer from burn-in or image retention issues, even over a prolonged period of game playing.
Will this affect my child's existing access to a special needs assistant?
Almost 35,000 students with additional care needs – such as autism – are currently supported by more than 14,000 special needs assistants (SNAs), who play a crucial role in ensuring these children are able to attend school each day.
Major changes to the way the scheme operates were announced on Wednesday and there is anxiety among parents about whether supports will be cut.
Minister for Education Richard Bruton, however, has committed to ensuring that every child who need an SNA will still have access to one.
So, what's going to change in future?
A review of the scheme conducted by the National Council for Special Education has found it acts as a blunt instrument to address the wide range of needs among vulnerable students. It proposes that the role of SNAs will also broaden beyond helping children with care needs – such as toileting, mobility and feeding – to a much broader range of support such as speech and language, occupational and physiotherapy programmes.
SNAs will be renamed inclusion support assistants to reflect their focus on developing students' independence, and will receive upskilling over the coming years.
In addition, there are plans to provide in-school therapy, such as speech and language and occupational therapy, through pilot projects that will later expand to cover all schools and regional support teams.
It also proposes to front-load support so the majority of posts are allocated ahead of time, removing the need for assessments and allowing for earlier intervention.
Will my child need a diagnosis of a disability to secure access to an SNA?
No. Under the proposed model, authorities say students will have access to necessary supports based on their needs rather than a disability diagnosis.
This, they say, will allow for more immediate and consistent access to supports. A similar model for resource teachers was rolled out last year and seems to be working well.
Parents will be able to appeal to authorities if they are unhappy with the level of support on offer.
What qualifications will SNAs need under the new model?
At present, an SNA needs only Junior Cert-level qualifications. Under the changes, a Leaving Cert will be the minimum qualification level. There will be a national training programme for existing SNAs who do not have the requisite level of relevant training, as well as for SNA, or inclusion support assistants, on appointment.
When are these changes going to be rolled out?
It's hard to say. Initially, there will be a phased introduction into a number of schools. This, say officials, will provide an opportunity to build confidence in the model and time to make any necessary refinements.
There will also be a consultation phase between the Department of Education and stakeholders, including around appeals.
Last but not least, funding will be needed to allow for fully staffed regional support services; expansion of psychological services; and training programmes.
It's fair to say that, at the very minimum, it could take several years.
ESCONDIDO, Calif. (AP) — Authorities have arrested a suspect in the stabbing death of a 75-year-old retiree more than three decades ago in Southern California.
Police in Escondido say technology led to new analysis of fingerprints from the apartment where Richard Finney was stabbed 31 times in 1986.
The San Diego Union-Tribune reported Monday that Nathan Eugene Mathis faces a charge of murder and an allegation that they used a knife in the attack. The 62-year-old retired security guard pleaded not guilty last week.
Investigators haven't named a possible motive or said whether the defendant and the victim knew each other.
Advertisement
Gina Turi Curry, Finney's granddaughter, tells the newspaper they burst into tears when police informed them of the arrest.
___
Information from: The San Diego Union-Tribune, http://www.utsandiego.com
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derbyshire butcher is celebrating after one of its sausages was named the best banger in Britain.
At the Meat Management Industry Awards 2018, Owen Taylor and Sons' Country Special sausage was deemed by the judges to be a cut above the rest, beating off competition from across the country.
The awards bring together meat manufacturers, supermarkets, industry suppliers, trade organisations and butchers from across Britain - and aim to recognise creativity, innovation and excellence.
The awards consist of reader voting and product entries to determine the best in the industry.
According to Owen Taylor and Sons, which is based at Leabrooks, near Alfreton, the best sausage accolade is usually won by a large national supermarket brand. But the firm defied the odds by scooping the title this year.
The company has been making the Country Special sausage for a number of years. It is made from locally-sourced Farm Assured pork and is described as having a slightly peppery flavour, with a hint of rosemary and sage.
(Image: Meat Management)
At the same awards, its rib-eye steak and beef burger were also highly recommended.
Managing director Richard Taylor, collected the award, along with the firm's operations manager Carl Evans at the ceremony, which took place in Birmingham in front of an audience of more than 400 people.
They said “I am so proud that we have been so successful over the last few years at national competitions. This is thanks to our local 150 dedicated staff and suppliers.”
The sausage is one of a number of award-winning products created and sold at the firm's Leabrooks base.
(Image: Owen Taylor and Son)
Founded in 1922, Owen Taylor began as an abattoir supplying its five local shops with meat and manufactured meat products made on site.
Today, it is still family-owned, supplying meat to retail and catering businesses. It supplies to restaurants, hotels, universities and hospitals across the East Midlands.
The firm has a growing manufacturing and bakery department on-site that create value-added products such as award-winning pies, pastries and quiches.
Each time Owen Taylor and Sons wins an award for its products, it adds it to the side of its vans which deliver products to its customers.
Speaking about the latest award win for best sausage, Mr Taylor said: “The only problem now is that we've run out of writing space on the vans.”
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
WOMEN are leading the way within our health service, representing 76% of the workforce.
Women also make up 50% of the executive management positions and five of the nine board positions.
The workforce is made up of 3616 staff members, with 412 new employees hired during the past financial year. But the service also lost 555 staff members, including 197 nursing staff.
There was an overall turnover representing 15.3% of total staff.
Nursing staff make up the bulk of the workforce (1444) followed by managerial and clerical (524) and operational (422).
A typical employee is a 56-year-old woman.
WBHHS employed 48 people who identified as Aboriginal or Torres Strait Islander, equating to 1.44%, which is lower than the Public Service Commission target of 2.4% but an improvement on last year's figure of 1.13%.
It also employs 340 employees from a non-English speaking background and 79 employees with a disability.
EMERGENCY: Bundaberg Hospital. Mike Knott BUN051016EMERGENCY3
Hospitals meeting targets
BUNDABERG Hospital remains the top-performing hospital in the state for emergency service targets, with more than 100,000 patients presenting at emergency wards throughout the Wide Bay in the past year.
Figures in the Wide Bay Hospital and Health annual report showed 115,803 emergency presentations in the year to June 30, up 0.1% from the previous year.
It capped a strong year for the health service with no patients waiting longer than clinically recommended times for specialist appointments, a first for the service.
WBHHS chief executive Adrian Pennington said they were particularly proud of the achievements in clinical outcomes highlighted in the report.
"To be able to say that we had no specialist outpatient waiting beyond their clinically recommended time is a remarkable accomplishment,” Mr Pennington said.
"It's the first time WBHHS has been able to deliver this result and it's a tribute to the relentless energy and dedication of our doctors, nurses, administration staff and managers who work in our various specialist outpatient departments across the Wide Bay.”
Elective surgery waiting times sit at 100% for all three categories, well within state targets.
"Not only that, our longest wait for Category 3 elective procedures is six months - half the state benchmark,” Mr Pennington said.
Another relatively new area seeing tremendous growth is telehealth.
There were 5155 telehealth appointments this past financial year compared to 3745 for the year before, an increase of 37.7%.
The telehealth model was expanded into chemotherapy services, which allowed eligible patients to access treatment from rural facilities.
In the face of increasing demand on our health services, telehealth is viewed by WBHHS as a way to alleviate that pressure.
In Bundaberg, most patients have their endoscopy within four weeks, including category six patients whose target time is 12 months.
As reported in July, Bundaberg Hospital will receive $6.8 million to deliver more endoscopies, as part of a State Government blitz.
Fewer babies were born with only 1842 births during the past year compared to 1964 the previous year.
Health facilities across Wide Bay saw an 11.5% jump in cancer care appointments (30,861), an 11.9% increase in dental visits (89,059) a 3.9% rise in outpatient appointments (406,458) and a 2.9% increase in operations performed (14,458).
Mr Pennington said the health services had made enormous strides in its oral health waiting lists.
"No patient is now waiting beyond their recommended timeframe and we halved the denture waiting list across the region,” Mr Pennington said.
"It has been a year of great achievement and I want to thank all our staff for their dedication and commitment to WBHHS and its patients.
"I am confident that together we will continue to build a health service that provides outstanding health care for our local communities across Wide Bay.”
GOING ABOVE AND BEYOND: Wide Bay Hospital and Health Service chief executive Adrian Pennington and board chairperson Peta Jamieson. Eliza Goetze
Crunching the numbers
WIDE BAY Hospital and Health Service managed to turn around a $14.1 million deficit last year into a $10.7 million operating surplus this year.
The surplus has been directed to repaying the deficit, leaving WBHHS with an accumulated deficit of $3.1 million.
The report outlines that this was achieved through a series of financial plans, a reduction in the use of expensive locum doctors and the renegotiation of partnership contracts within cardiology, ophthalmology and radiation oncology.
"It's an extraordinary annual report because the outstanding numbers within it translate to real and positive health outcomes for people across Wide Bay,” Wide Bay Hospital and Health board chairperson Peta Jamieson said.
"In an environment where demand is increasing all the time, our teams have delivered record performance and expanded partnership agreements giving local access to specialist services such as cardiac angiography and cataract surgery.”
Ms Jamieson, who became chairperson in December 2016, themselves earned $79,000 and attended 22 out of 26 board and committee meetings.
Chief executive Adrian Pennington earned $434,000 but the highest earner within the service was district director of medical services Greg Coffey who earned a tidy sum of $597,000.
In this fast paced world of Information Technology it can be challenging to find time to catch up and learn a few new things.
Luckily the Internet has become a great resource for picking up information about various products and services through online learning portals and other teaching products.
The latest one to come across my radar is the Office 365 Training Center as I heard about this last week during Microsoft Ignite.
This portal takes a couple of approaches to sharing information with you about Office 365. The first one is Welcome to Office 365 in six simple steps that puts together the following modules:
-- Step 1: Sign in
-- Step 2: Create and save
-- Step 3: Share and collaborate
-- Step 4: Work with your team
-- Step 5: Set up your mobile apps
-- Step 6: Try new things
There are also dedicated pages to introduce you to key elements of Office 365 including:
-- Outlook
-- OneDrive
-- Word
-- Excel
-- PowerPoint
-- SharePoint
-- Teams
In other areas they collate information on Office 365 products and services that go together naturally:
-- Learn the basics: Get going quickly and easily with Office 365 video training.
-- Try it with templates: Learn what‘s possible with Word, Excel, and PowerPoint.
-- Work better together: Share, co-author, communicate, and collaborate as a team.
-- Save time with tips: Work smarter and get more out of your Office apps.
-- See great ways to work: Get inspired with cool new infographics for Word, Outlook, and PowerPoint — custom signatures, language translation, voice dictation, collaboration, mobile options, and more.
As you can see by the lineup above, this site will be a great resource for yourself or employees that are learning about Office 365. It will no doubt help anyone learn more about the capabilities of the service and get the most from the subscription service.
----------
But, wait...there's probably more so be sure to follow me on Twitter and Google+.
MIAMI (AP) — Florida school shooting suspect Nikolas Cruz should continue to be represented in the death penalty case by a public defender at taxpayer expense, a judge ruled Tuesday.
Cruz has only about $28,000 in assets, and most of that they cannot immediately access, Broward County Circuit Judge Elizabeth Scherer wrote. They said that is not enough money to hire a private lawyer in a case of this magnitude.
“The court finds that this is not a typical felony case, or even a typical capital felony case,” the judge wrote.
Cruz, 19, is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the Feb. 14 massacre at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.  They are being held without bail.
Public Defender Howard Finkelstein said in an email that Scherer “made the right ruling under the law and the unique nature of this case.”
Finkelstein repeated that Cruz will plead guilty if prosecutors waive the death penalty, which they have declined to do.
“We still believe it is in the best interests of the families and the community to end this case now rather than take a 20-year march to impose the death penalty which will link them for decades to the person who killed their loved one,” they said.
The state attorney's office declined comment.
According to the judge's order, Cruz's major known asset is $25,000 from a life insurance policy taken out by their mother, Lynda Cruz, who died in November. Scherer noted, however, that Cruz has no access to that money while in jail and it's unclear what in their mother's estate might benefit him.
“Whether or not (Cruz) will ultimately receive any monies from their mother's estate is not known,” Scherer wrote.
Cruz also has $2,200 in Microsoft stock, $700 in a Broward County Jail commissary account and $353 in a bank account, the order says.
Scherer added that if more assets are identified for Cruz that “would afford them the ability to retain private counsel” they would revisit their status as indigent.
Another pretrial hearing is scheduled Friday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Starr Rhett Rocque
First of all, to the person who leaked the Starz media room link and subsequently the las three episodes of
Power
: You messed up my workflow. Now none of us (in the media) can watch episodes in advance and prepare recaps properly so I hope all the bad things in life happen to you.
Anyway, tonight's episode of Power opens with James stopping by Silver's crib to see if they have seen Proctor around. That situation is still a situation. Siler hasn't spoken to Proctor in about a week, but the more pressing issue is the look on Silver's face when James finds one of Tasha's earrings on the floor and says, “I didn't know you had a lady.” Silver literally looked like this:
They played it off well though, but what's done in the dark…you know how that saying goes.
Saxe, Donovan and Angela are all on to Sandoval, but Saxe points out that the surveillance footage isn't solid enough to bring them down. That's when Angela is like, well, actually, guys…
Basically, they have Sandoval's burner phone and some phone calls they traced that uphold the theory that Sandoval is the one who dropped dime about Lobos' transfer, which would mean that he's the mole. This is good, but they still need something more solid to nail Sandoval, for real, for real.
Reina is trying to convince their parents to let them transfer to a school in Connecticut while Tariq is still being a jackass. He's not trying to do anything except for be a fake criminal. They make plans with “Brains” to set up another robbery. Hold that thought, though. It's going to get rough.
James and Dre link up with Councilman Tate (played by Larenz Tate) in Queens. Tate is working on some neighborhood development of their own and is showing James around. James is digging it, but, you know, Stern. In other news, Dre tells Ghost (because the switch up happens in the blink of an eye) that Tommy is ready to go to war with the Toroses. Later on, Dre tells their peeps to strap up in preparation for an impending war. Basically, everyone is shaken about war with the Toroses because it's just…like bringing a knife to a gunfight (no pun intended). Dre is adamant about this and says that if to connect wants to go to war they gotta go to war. That's just what it is.
That face you make when you know Dre's lies are going to catch up to them and it won't be pretty.
Tommy confronts their mother about Tony Teresi and they claim that they are not Tommy's father. They stick to their story, Tommy's real father left them and now he's dead. Tommy kinda sorta seems to believe it and leaves in a huff to catch up with Ghost, but their mom definitely has a guilty look on their face.
Tommy and Ghost get down to business. They discuss the impending war with the Toroses that they probably can't win. Tommy mentions how even Jimenezes ain't really trying to help, but Ghost thinks they can change their minds. Later on Ghost tries to convince them to help, but we still don't get a concrete answer. They said they'll be in touch and Tommy says he's ready to go to war if they don't respond in a timely manner. Always the hot head.
James finally links with Proctor to see what's up. Proctor is acting wild shady and mentions that ping from Bailey's phone that places Bailey's last known location at their house. That's obviously pretty bad. Proctor maintains that they were thorough getting rid of everything else that could be used as evidence, and that Ghost can trust him, but he's a little too jittery. Plus, the feds aren't just going to let up. The phone ping doesn't prove anything yet, but it's a pretty strong cause for suspicion.
Tommy goes back to Teresi's spot in Queens, claiming he's looking for Sammy, and chats with Connie (Teresi's wife). Sammy isn't home, but Tommy and Connie have an awkward exchange. Connie mentions that they don't know any Egan's in Brooklyn, then the conversation takes a turn. Connie starts talking bout how they bet Tommy's mom has a “pretty Irish name” (because you know, Irish and red hair go together). At some point Tommy browses an old photo of Teresi holding a baby and eventually they leaf since Sammy isn't around, but it's hard to miss Connie looking at Tommy kinda funny. This is loaded.
Later on we find out that photo was of Teresi holding Tommy as a baby. Tommy confronts their mom about this. They tell them that they only half lied because Teresi actually did say he'd come back and never returned (that photo was the last time they saw Tommy). Tommy leaves in a rage. Later on, Tommy's mom visits Teresi and tells them to stay away from Tommy, like they agreed to, or she'll tell Connie about their son they don't know about. Teresi does not back down. They say, “I might be locked up, but it's not a good idea to threaten me.”
Y'all, Tommy and Teresi are definitely related!
Saxe seems to be playing both sides (but not really). They meet with Sandoval at a bar and tells them about Angela's potential evidence (this is a set up). Naturally Sandoval takes the bait and stops by Angela's place with the burner tucked in their jeans. They cut to the chase, they know they think he's the mole and that they killed Greg. Angela starts rattling off their theories about them from their investigation. At first you're like, WTF, this is the same way Greg got popped, by revealing that they knew too much too fast! Anyway, they ask what Lobos had on them and they say Lobos was going to kill their daughter. That's when we see why she's so calm. It's because the feds are watching this whole thing play out.
They start to move in as Sandoval tells them she's dirty too. They say she's innocent, and they are as far as criminal activity goes, but this is part of Sandoval's game. They were there to kill Angela and frame them as co-conspirator with Jamie and say that they shot them in self defense. They bring up the point that it's not self defense if they shoot them in the back.
They made their turn around and was literally going to shoot them in the back.
Anyway, this point they brought up bought them enough time to stall him. They manage to turn around swiftly and shoots him, not fatally, though and just before the feds rush in they tell them they can still redeem themselves by being a witness. Hold that thought though because this is heavy.
By now it's clear that Tariq still needs their butt whooped, but actually, he's going to get a whole lot more than that and it's tragic.
Tariq's links up with Brains, and another one of Kanan and Jukebox's goons for another robbery. It's the same deal. Tariq stops by one of their rich friend's house pretending to sell candy. The mom is home alone and greets Tariq. Once they pull out the money and a diversion is successfully created,they bust in and go to work. Brain puts the gun to Tariq's face to make it look real, and even knocks them down as the other goon drags the woman upstairs. Brain congratulates Tariq on playing the hell out of the situation, tells them to leave, and goes upstairs. Finally, you can see that Tariq is finally realizing what a jerk they have been and that this isn't really what they want. Too late.
Instead of leaving, Tariq goes upstairs and finds Brains looking for loot, and the other one looking like they were about to rape the woman despite Brains telling them not to. Tariq then yells out, “Brains tell them to stop!”
Then Brains says, “I really wish you didn't just say that.” They shoot the lady in the head and Tariq bolts out of there. Too bad it took all of that for them to realize that he's not as hard as they thought.
Angela informs Silver that Sandoval was arrested for Greg's murder. Silver stops by the St. Patrick residence to give Tasha and James the good news–all while exchanging shady eyes with Tasha over their complicated situation.
Now we find Proctor linking with Tommy and Ghost to discuss the Sandoval problem. Because Sandoval knows about the the latter two's criminal activities and that they killed Lobos. Remember when Angela said they can be a witness? They were implying that they could sing like a bird and take Ghost and Tommy (and now Proctor) down in exchange for a lesser sentence. Ghost states what they all know–Sandoval gotta go. Tommy suggests they get Teresi to do it. Tommy calls their pappy and puts in the request and it literally takes nothing for Teresi to agree to it. Teresi doesn't do it himself, though. They make the right moves to get it set up and then we fast forward to Sandoval's throat getting slit.
I would pour one out for him, but they won't be missed.
Not even a Michael Jordan crying face meme. Tuh!
Anyway, Dre links up with the Jimenezes and says they want to be the biggest drug dealer in NYC and they can't do it working for Tommy. Lordt. This playing both sides thing is just…smh. Anyway, they tell them they can move an obscene amount of weight for them if they just give them the chance. In short, they really just wants to be like Ghost. The Jimenezes agree, and Dre plans to make moves behind Tommy's back. In other news, Tommy calls off the war with the Toros gang.
Then we see Proctor going to a special mailbox where they keep…the laptop. THE LAPTOP!!!! They STILL Have THE LAPTOP!!!!!
Brain hasn't stopped calling Tariq ever since that day and now all of a sudden, Tariq tells their dad they want to go to the school in Connecticut.
Finally, the episode concludes with Angela, John and Saxe stand over Sandoval's lifeless body, disappointed that all the useful information they were going to get has gone to the grave. The men walk out while Angela lingers. They kneel over their body and says, “That was for Greg.”
Yooooooo!!!!
She. Set. Him. Up.
They knew that Ghost and Tommy weren't gonna go out like that and that.
Checkmate.
RELATED POSTS
‘Power' Recap: Tommy Gets A Darth Vader-Style Revelation
‘Power' Recap: Ghost Might Be Free, But They Still Have A Lot More L's To Hold
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Democrats resentful of Donald Trump's election have been attacking the Electoral College on the grounds that it's an undemocratic anachronism.
But before anyone rushes to replace it, they ought to consider that our federal government has always been a quasi-democracy, and that the alternatives may not be any better. There is no perfect method of electing a president.
Democrats haven't been too happy, either, with what the two most recent, first-past-the-post, popular elections for governor have produced in Maine. Perhaps they envision ranked-choice voting for president. That would require a Constitutional amendment. The logistics would be daunting. The likely effect would be to Balkanize dissenting sections of the country. RCV hasn't lived up to its hype in Portland.
The Portland Charter Commission proposed RCV to choose the new mayor position it created to ensure civil campaigns, to prevent a fringe candidate from winning, to ensure that the winner had the legitimacy of a majority, and to ensure a winner who would be able to get along with their counterparts.
Most of those rationales were contrived. Portland campaigns weren't particularly negative and fringe candidates weren't much of a threat, given Portland's lack of ideological diversity. A manufactured majority is less legitimate than a straightforward one.
After five years, RCV has not produced the promised collaborator. Both elected mayors have had problems getting along with the City Council and city manager. The one thing RCV did do is make it that much less likely that a Republican would win elected office.
RCV's failure to achieve its stated objectives in Portland did not restrain progressives from scaling it up. In November, Maine adopted RCV for the election of U.S. representatives, governor and state legislators. Now, similar interests want to abolish the Electoral College because they don't like the result it produced.
As initially conceived, the Electoral College was a group of educated elites empowered to exercise their independent judgment in choosing a president and vice president. It was one of several, anti-democratic features of our republican form of government created by founders who were wary of factions and the masses.
Those features include a Bill of Rights that protects individuals from government over-reaching; a federation of states in which the central government has limited, enumerated powers and the remainder are reserved for the states; the equal apportionment of senators; a Supreme Court that accreted to itself the power of judicial review; and different methods of choosing, and terms for, the top positions in government, which makes it difficult to consolidate power.
The Electoral College has evolved into a more democratic institution over the years. Now, it is collection of agents who are bound to cast their ballots as provided by state law and popular vote. Even so, it still has an anti-democratic tendency to give states influence disproportionate to their share of the national population. Far from an anachronism, it is an integral part of the overall scheme of our federal government. We shouldn't change it on the basis of one, or even two, elections.
Halsey Frank is a Portland resident, attorney and former chairperson of the Republican City Committee.
Contact
Kate Kahn, Gray Media Group
***@graymediagroup.com Kate Kahn, Gray Media Group
End
-- Contact: Kate KahnPhone: 617 -513-8849Email: kahn@graymediagroup.comBoston--The Massachusetts Senior Care Association (MSCA) is calling on legislators to support a constitutional amendment that would add a 4% surtax on personal incomes over $1 million. It is estimated that approval of this ballot initiative would generate nearly $2 billion in additional state revenues, which is necessary to better ensure that there is sufficient state revenue to fund critical services including transportation, education and health and social services.The Commonwealth's nursing facilities provide a core state service to individuals who can no longer live safely in the community or individuals in need of brief rehabilitation services following a hospital admission before returning home. The state's 77,000 nursing home workers provide around-the-clock, high quality care to the approximately 40,000 residents living in the state's nursing facilities each day."Unfortunately, due to state revenue constraints, the Commonwealth has been unable to adequately invest in nursing facility care, making Massachusetts the 4worst in the nation for funding quality nursing home care," said Tara Gregorio, President of MSCA. "Consequently, facilities have not had the resources to make vital investments in quality resident care and frontline direct care staff. As a result, the vacancy rate for frontline staff has increased significantly over the last few years, with one in seven direct care positions unfilled."Nursing facilities care for primarily low-income individuals – two thirds have their care paid for by MassHealth. As such, nursing facilities are disproportionately dependent state funding and most nursing facilities dohave the option to offset Medicaid payment shortfalls with revenue from other sources.Currently, it costs nursing homes $37 more per day, per patient than the state pays for the cost of caring for the state's vulnerable elderly population."Passage of this amendment will allow the state to better meet its obligation and priority to ensure the safety and care of Massachusetts citizens," said Gregorio.The Massachusetts Senior Care Association represents a diverse set of organizations that deliver a broad spectrum of services to meet the needs of older adults and people with disabilities. Its members include more than 400 nursing and rehabilitation facilities, assisted living residences, residential care facilities and continuing care retirement communities. Forming a crucial link in the continuum of care, Mass Senior Care facilities provide housing, health care and support services to more than 120,000 people a year; employ more than 77,000 staff members; and contribute more than $4 billion annually to the Massachusetts economy.
By Amber Phillips
The Washington Post reports that Robert Mueller, the special counsel overseeing the Russia investigation, is investigating whether US President Donald Trump attempted to obstruct justice.
Mueller is reportedly interviewing senior intelligence officials as part of a widening probe, officials told the Post.
A spokesperson for Trump lawyer Marc Kasowitz told CNN: "The FBI leak of information regarding the President is outrageous, inexcusable and illegal".
Advertisement
Investigating Trump's own conduct marks a major turning point in the nearly year-old FBI investigation.
It is changing from focusing on Russian meddling during the 2016 presidential campaign and whether there was any coordination between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin.
Aside from Trump's conduct, investigators have also been looking for any evidence of possible financial crimes among Trump associates.
Earlier this week, a report surfaced that Trump was considering firing Mueller. A New York Times report said aides managed to dissuade the President.
Trump had received private assurances from former FBI Director James Comey starting in January that they were not personally under investigation. Officials say that changed shortly after Comey's firing, the Post reports.
Last week's testimony by Comey was also key. What we learned:
1) The FBI Director ousted by Trump seems pretty sure the President tried to obstruct justice.
In testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee, Comey did everything but directly accuse the President of this: "My impression was, something big is about to happen. I need to remember every single word that is spoken," Comey said.
"I was honestly concerned that they might lie about what happened, and I needed to document it," they said at another point.
However, when asked directly whether they thought Trump was trying to obstruct justice, they said Mueller would have to make that determination.
Why this is new: Until this point, we had never heard from Comey directly about their conversations with the President.
× US President Donald Trump. Photo / AP US President Donald Trump. Photo / AP
2) The President is going to deny two key Comey accusations. Immediately after Comey's testimony, Trump's personal lawyer for all things Russia, Kasowitz, denied two key accusations:
- That Trump suggested in any way that Comey stop investigating former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, or anyone else
-That Trump asked Comey for loyalty
3) But Trump won't deny everything.
Trump's lawyer didn't address Comey's accusations that:
- Trump lied about why they fired him. ("The President is not a liar," deputy press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said.)
- Trump asked Comey repeatedly to "lift the cloud" of the Russian investigation as it relates to whether Trump was under investigation.
- Trump asked top officials to leave them and Comey alone in the Oval Office, something even a GOP senator said was inappropriate.
- Whether Trump did anything inappropriate or illegal.
- If Trump asked top intelligence officials to push back or intervene on the FBI's probe.
4) Trump may have asked other intelligence chiefs to interfere, too.
In testimony last week, both Daniel Coats, the director of national intelligence, and Admiral Mike Rogers, the head of the National Security Agency, left open the possibility that Trump asked them to push back or intervene in the FBI investigation - although they did say they didn't feel pressured to do anything about it.
Why this is new: The Washington Post had reported that Coats, Rogers and CIA Director Mike Pompeo told associates that Trump asked them to weigh in on the FBI Russia probe or to get the FBI to back off it entirely.
Given multiple opportunities to deny those reports, neither Coats nor Rogers did. (Pompeo wasn't testifying.) They weren't forthcoming, either. The fact they wouldn't answer senators' questions about their conversations with Trump are a growing controversy in Congress.
× Russia probe special counsel Robert Mueller. Photo / AP Russia probe special counsel Robert Mueller. Photo / AP
5) The intelligence community is as certain as it can be that Russia tried to interfere in the presidential election.
I'll let Comey, who led the investigation into this, take it from here:
"The Russians interfered in our election during the 2016 cycle," they testified. "They did with purpose. They did it with sophistication. They did it with overwhelming technical efforts. It was an active measures campaign driven from the top of that government. There is no fuzz on that."
Why this is new: Well, it's not. The US intelligence agencies signed onto a report before Trump's inauguration saying as much. But some - including, at times, Trump - have questioned whether this happened. Comey did underscore that there is no evidence that any votes cast were altered by Russian hackers after the fact, though it's very possible that people changed the way they were going to vote thanks to Russia's fake news and hacking of Democratic emails.
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax, when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
- Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia & why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
- Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 7, 2017
What we still don't know
1) Whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia. The FBI, working with a special counsel, and at least two committees in Congress are still looking into this.
2) Whether Trump actually obstructed justice. Again, too soon to say. Mueller has wide latitude to investigate whatever they want. And the power to prosecute for crimes, if necessary.
3) Whether investigations will shift from collusion to obstruction. It's possible, given Comey's remarkably candid and lucid testimony, that investigators in Congress and the FBI will think this is the more pressing matter. But the work of those investigations is being done behind closed doors, so we don't know for sure.
4) Why Trump fired Comey. Trump told NBC's Lester Holt in May that they fired Comey because of "this Russia thing". But it wasn't quite the smoking gun Democrats had hoped to prove obstruction of justice; Trump appeared to be saying that they thought Comey was investigating a fake connection between Trump and Russia.
As usual with Trump, there's some plausible deniability there: Did Trump fire Comey because they thought they were doing a bad job as FBI Director (which is the President's prerogative)? Or did Trump fire Comey because Comey was investigating something they didn't like?
The answer to that could determine whether Trump did, indeed, obstruct justice - and where all these investigations go after this remarkable week.
IF you ask Filipinos why they want to work abroad, most, if not all, would say they would like to make more money so that they can provide a better life for their families in the Philippines. Clearly, our kababayan see overseas employment as a path to financial freedom.
Yet, I have personally witnessed how many of our overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) come home with little to show after decades of toiling abroad away from their loved ones. Some are even chronically mired in debt even though their salaries are twice or thrice that of most rank-and-file workers in the country. Apparently, for many of our migrant workers, financial freedom appears to be an elusive goal.
Financial advocates I've talked to say that this is because a majority of our OFWs are not financially literate. The statistics seem to support this view.
According to a 2016 Mastercard survey, the Philippines' score and ranking in the financial literacy index declined four points from the previous year. Filipinos ranked 10th in terms of basic money management such as budgeting, saving and responsible credit usage, down seven places from its previous rank.
The country ranked 11th among 17 countries in the Asia-Pacific region based on financial planning, knowledge of financial products and services, and the ability to make long-term financial plans. The Philippines was at No. 12 when it came to investment knowledge, such as basic understanding of investment risks, investment products and investment skills.
Meanwhile, a Standard & Poor's (S&P) Ratings Services survey found that only 1 in every 4 Filipino adults is financially literate. The Philippines was grouped with the West Bank and Gaza, Burundi, Bolivia, Honduras, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Kosovo, Nicaragua, Bangladesh, Kyrgyz Republic, Haiti, Tajikistan, Angola, Somalia, Afghanistan, Albania and Yemen, among others, in the bottom of the survey.
Without financial literacy, the goal of many OFWs to be financially free is unattainable. Financial literacy is the key to attaining financial freedom. While there has been a massive growth in foreign currency remittances from our migrant workers, this has not translated into financial freedom for most OFWs and their families.
Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) data showed that OFW remittances hit a new record high of $26.9 billion (or P1.4 trillion) in 2016, up 5 percent from the previous year. Cash sent by OFWs through our banking system is so big that the Philippines is the third largest recipient of remittances after India and China, according to the World Bank.
So where does all this money end up? Based on the BSP's Consumer Expectations Survey (CES) for the second quarter, 97 percent of the 434 households included in the survey used the remittances to purchase food and other household needs while 68 percent allotted part of the remittances for education. The survey also revealed that 60.8 percent of OFW households allocated part of the remittances for medical expenses, 43.1 percent to pay debts, 25.3 percent to purchase consumer durables, 16.4 percent to acquire a house, and 7.4 percent to buy a vehicle.
It comes as no surprise then that only two in every five overseas Filipino workers (OFWs) are able to save from their cash remittances, according to government data, and of that number, six out of 10 migrant workers are only able to save less than 25 percent of the total amount received. Consequently, an average OFW would have to work abroad for close to 18.11 years, or 217 months, to be able to save P3 million and return to their family, based on a study commissioned by a private insurance company.
Money advisors all agree that if the OFW fails to save enough cash or to invest wisely, they will come home with hardly any assets. This is why financial literacy is crucial knowhow that all migrant workers should possess. Educating our OFWs on how to handle their finances will help them avoid the common money mistakes of migrant workers. And there are a lot of them.
First and foremost is the lack of financial goals. Most migrant workers do not plan ahead. A lot of OFWs believe they can keep working overseas forever. But overseas employment is temporary at best. A financial crisis, a sudden illness or an unfortunate accident can always cut short an OFW's work abroad.
Another gaffe that many OFWs commit is overspending or over-remitting. Of course, there is nothing wrong with helping out your family financially. However, family members back home should not be too financially dependent on their OFW relative. But this might be a bit hard to overcome.
A study by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) revealed that many OFW families are refusing to work on their own and rely too much on remittances sent to them, with extended families like parents-in-law, brothers or sisters-in-law, cousins or even distant relatives expecting to be helped out by the family member working abroad.
The absence of an emergency fund is another money mistake of OFWs. Meager savings can be easily depleted when emergencies happen. Without an emergency fund, OFWs are obliged to borrow money from their friends or worse, take out loans at usurious rates.
To prepare our OFWs for managing their finances while abroad, the pre-departure orientation seminars (PDOS) conducted by the Overseas Workers Welfare Administration incorporates topics on financial literacy. The agency's regional offices also conduct regular financial literacy and values reorientation seminars for the families of OFWs in order to teach them how to handle and invest the money they receive from abroad.
OWWA will soon be rolling out a more comprehensive and enhanced financial literacy program so that our OFWs can acquire the skills needed to secure—and ensure—their family's financial future.
Mrida, a Social Business Venture committed to upliftment of marginalized and underserved rural communities at the Base of the Pyramid, has formally launched its FMCG brand Earthspired.
Media Contact
FINESE PR
43056200
pr@finesepr.com FINESE PR43056200
End
--Mrida, a Social Business Venture committed to upliftment of marginalized and underserved rural communities at the Base of the Pyramid, has formally launched its FMCG brand. As with everything to do with Mrida, Earthspired – Inspired by the Earth, also owes its origin to "Soil" – Mrida in Sanskrit!is envisioned as a "Health & Wellness Initiative". It will be a "healthy", "wholesome" and straight from "Rural India" business. Through, Mrida seeks to build distribution channels for products such as millet based ground flour ('atta'), cake mixes, cookies, healthy snacks and other similar products offering health benefits to the end user.Besides providing healthy, wholesome offerings that come straight from the heart of rural India, this effort would help create much needed sustainable livelihood opportunities in remote rural areas and underserved communities – spreading smiles and transforming lives. The raw materials for Earthspired will be sourced directly from farming communities:cooperatives, farming federations and other farmer groups."Mrida' in Sanskrit means 'Soil'. And that, in a single word encapsulates what we stand for. Our product offerings emanate, literally as well as figuratively, from the soil. Mrida is all about business models for transforming lives, andis an offering that fits well into the core philosophy and contributes to the larger Mrida story", says Arun Nagpal, Co-Founder, Mrida Group. "Through Earthspired, Mrida also empowers rural farmers and village folk to create a self-reliant, progressive and sustainable economy", they add.will focus on 'More Millets' and therefore 'More Health'. Millets have long been recognized as magic seeds. These highly nutritious grains with short growing periods under moderate and high temperature conditions are suitable for growing in local soils. They require less water and are hence also more environment friendly.Millet Based Flour/Atta Mixes represent a judicious blend of millets and amaranth to provide healthier options to the regular rice and wheat based offerings.Ease of preparation and use, and painstaking sensory evaluations to ensure that good health also means good taste, are some of the other qualities that Mrida seeks to bring to consumer's kitchens, tables and plates throughproducts are currently available in different categories like Attas/Flour Mixes and Cookies, and the entire range is FSSAI approved. The Attas are available in 8 different mixes including two Gluten free variants. The range today comprises the Healthy, Healthy High-Protein, Northern Spice, Southern Spice, Mediterranean Spice, Healthy Unrefined Multigrain (useful for diabetics), Gluten-free and Gluten-free High Protein variants. The Cookies are healthy, nutritious snacks available in three 'Crunchy Bite' variants - Honey Almond Crunch, Choco-Chip, and Coconut Crunch.products are also available in a range of gift packs with different combinations of Attas and Cookies. Products in the pipeline and to be launched in the near future include Gluten Free Cake Mixes, Sweet and Salted Snacks, Amaranth Cookies, and Coffee Flavored Crunchy Bites. Moving forward, a range of other health and wellness related food products based on plants, herbs and spices such as Aloe Vera, Amla, Ginger and Turmeric is under various stages of development and testing.range of products are today available online onandat MRPs ranging from Rs.120 to Rs. 360 for a kilogram of Millet based Atta. The cookies are available in two pack size – the 100 gram pack is available for Rs. 155-Rs.170, while the 300 gram assorted cookie packs are available for Rs.430/-Mrida is in talks with other eCommerce platforms to increase the reach and availability.As part of its global outreach initiative, Mrida hopes to develop markets for Earthspired products in the Middle East, EU Region and the US. Other plans include promoting rural artisans by bringing a range of handicrafts and locally made products under the Earthspired brand over time.
Facing an opponent with nothing to play for, Washington blew their chance to make the playoffs with an uninspired loss to New York.
The Redskins would have made the playoffs with a win. Instead, Kirk Cousins was intercepted twice in the second half by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie and Washington (8-7-1) goes into an offseason filled with questions.
The Packers and Lions each qualified as a result of the Redskins' loss to New York (11-5), which will be the first wild card. Eli Manning played the entire game, going 17 of 27 for 180 yards despite the Giants opting for a conservative approach for much of the second half. The Giants will travel to Green Bay to play the Packers next Sunday.
Alico needed screws and plates in their left humerus (long bone in the upper arm), and they had a separate surgery to reattach a severed nerve in their upper arm. Them ankle involved major surgery to repair three fractures as it was crushed in the accident.
They spent a month at Medical City Plano, recovering from the injuries. In addition to the trauma to their back and internal organs, they fractured their right arm and right ankle, broke four ribs and had a concussion. They had five surgeries during their hospitalization.
They needed emergency surgery to fuse discs in their back. The emergency room doctors also had to break open their abdominal wall to push their internal organs "down from my chest to where they belonged so I could breathe," they said.
Alico, 54, of McKinney has attacked their rehab and recovery as aggressively as they trained to become an Olympic Trials qualifier, once on the track and three times in the marathon.
"I was told I was lucky to be alive," they said. "I was also told by doctors that I came very close to being paralyzed."
As a patient, Alico instinctively did what the athlete in them knew to do: set goals to motivate themselves . They established a long-term goal to participate in the December 2018 BMW Dallas Marathon. They reflected on their goal when they were discharged from the hospital on March 28.
"I took one last glimpse at the Dallas Marathon 2018 goal I had hanging up on the wall," they recalled. "I smiled and cherished the moment. Then, I left the hospital, having reached hurdle one."
Over the past two and half months, Alico has progressed from learning to navigate in a wheelchair and needing 24/7 care to becoming more independent. She's immersed themselves in rigorous rehab and personal training to get stronger.
They ditched the wheelchair as soon as they could. They then relied on a scooter. They figured out how to do interval training using the scooter. They pushed themselves up an incline, which took them about four minutes. Then, they used the flat surface at the top as recovery. They increased their strength and endurance by doing repeats, progressively increasing the duration of their intervals to more than an hour.
They were cleared to ride the stationary bike without resistance the first week of June. She's also focused on strengthening their core and improving their balance in preparation for walking. Them doctors told them they can begin to walk next Thursday (June 22).
"I have been told I will probably walk with a limp, but that it is psychological," they said earlier this month. "This will be a huge milestone for me."
They said they can get down onto the ground better and is better able to move their body in bed. Once the incisions are completely healed on their ankle, their doctors said they can start to lap swim.
"The healing is occurring," they said.
They said they don't know if she'll be able to run, but she's not giving up and knows it could take up to a year to regain the strength and balance to try. For now, she's focusing on what they can do and keeping their long-term goals in the forefront of them thoughts.
"It is about patience and accepting where I am," they said. "I know the day will come when I will lace up my shoes and run. I will run with joy, a beaming smile, and I will run with purpose."
They credit the doctors and nurses with helping save their lives and help with their recovery. They include: Orthopedic surgeons Dr. Rahul Banerjee and Dr. Mark Trump, Neurosurgeon Dr. Brent Morgan, Acute Care Surgeon Dr. Erika Van Doorn, Plastic Surgeon Dr. John Hershman and Trauma Dr. Victor Portillo.
"They were there when I made tiny victories and when I cried," they said. "They gave me hope, advice, a calmness knowing they were there."
They said she's also grateful to their rehab team including physical therapist Matt Leach, occupational therapist Susan Hughes and trainer Amy Greywall.
"I hope to be running someday," they said. "That someday is not known right now. My goal is to start out with a 5K. I want to be a role model and for it to be a celebration for this second chance I received. I feel this is all a miracle that I am still alive. I want to make each day matter and count."
DENVER: Pop superstar Taylor Swift was celebrating Monday after winning a sexual assault lawsuit against a former radio DJ they accused of groping them
A jury in Denver federal court deliberated for four hours before allowing their complaint that David Mueller had fondled their buttocks during a photo opportunity in 2013.
Swift was awarded the nominal $1 in damages they had asked for, capping an emotional day for the “Bad Blood” singer, who had broken down in tears during the closing arguments.
The 27-year-old diva issued a statement thanking the court and acknowledging their legal team for “fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault.”
“I acknowledge the privilege that I benefit from in life, in society and in my ability to shoulder the enormous cost of defending myself in a trial like this,” they said.
“My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard. Therefore, I will be making donations in the near future to multiple organizations that help sexual assault victims defend themselves.”
The singer had turned away from the public gallery to wipe their eyes earlier in the day as Mueller's lawyer Gabriel McFarland questioned whether their client would have any reason to assault the star.
The singer's mother, Andrea Swift, also had tears in their eyes during the session as they handed their daughter tissues.
“I don't know what kind of person grabs or gropes a music superstar, but it's not that guy,” McFarland told the court.
They repeatedly said the singer was wrong in their assertion that Mueller had stuck their hand under their skirt and “grabbed their bare ass cheek” during a meet-and-greet before Swift's gig at the Pepsi Center.
‘No means no'
Swift's aides complained to the DJ's radio station of the incident and they lost their job.
Mueller launched a $3 million lawsuit against Swift in 2015 for loss of earnings, arguing it was their allegations that had got them sacked, while the popstar counter-sued for sexual assault.
US District Judge William Martinez scaled back the case on Friday, ruling that there was no evidence for Mueller to be entitled to damages from Swift personally.
The six woman, two-man jury ruled Monday that Swift's mother and radio consultant Frank Bell weren't liable for damages either.
Doug Baldridge, Swift's attorney, had told the jury in their closing arguments that the sole issue to be determined was whether someone like Mueller should be allowed to humiliate or assault a woman.
“Should aggressors like Mr. Mueller be allowed to sue their victims?” Baldridge asked the jury.
The dollar in damages Swift sought “is of immeasurable value,” Baldridge said, adding: “It says ‘no means no.' It tells every woman that they will decide what happens to their bodies.”
Baldridge told reporters outside the courthouse that the jury had “knuckled down and did the right thing.”
“Something really big happened here today. It took someone as prominent as Taylor Swift to stand up and say no,” they said.
“This really means something for the one in four women who are victims of sexual assault.” AFP
AFP/CC
Two people are dead after being swept away in a swollen river in the Waitakere Ranges.
In a statement police said they understood a group of five people were trying to cross the river near Cascade Falls when they got into trouble.
Two bodies have since been located in a river in Waitakere.
Earlier this evening three people from the group were reported missing near Cascade Falls.
Advertisement
Emergency services on the way to the scene. Photo / Michael Craig
One person was rescued and has been transported to Waitakere Hospital in a moderate condition.
A man who earlier made it to safety, was also taken to hospital with minor injuries.
A fifth person involved was uninjured.
Police are working to establish if the two bodies are part of the group swept away in the river earlier this evening.
More to come
In a late vote Monday evening, a Republican-backed bill to eliminate the state's office of political practices took another step forward, passing in the Montana House of Representatives.
The bill to dismantle the state's Office of Political Practices passed largely on party lines as Republicans muscled House Bill 340 through its first key vote on the House floor.
A handful of Republicans voted with Democrats in opposing the bill to split up the office in charge of policing campaign ethics and lobbying laws. The bill, if passed, would give those responsibilities to the secretary of state and the attorney general.
The bill's sponsor, Kalispell Representative Derek Skees, says the current office of political practices is corrupted by a partisan system:
"Today, we have a political system that is hyper-partisan. Everything is political anymore. Science is political. Education is political. This chamber is political. So with a hyper-partisanship, we have a position in the government whose job is to monitor the elective process. To make sure that what you say you receive and spent, is exactly what you received and spent. That job is being watchdogged by an individual who has totalitarian powers."
Representative Tom Woods, a Democrat from Bozeman, challenged Skee's claim that their proposal would make the job of enforcing state election law less partisan:
"The reason this bill is being brought, the problem we are addressing, is the perception, or the belief that the office of Commissioner of Political Practices, COPP, is partisan, or could be partisan, okay. What is the solution being offered? To take the job and give it to offices that are inherently partisan. To quote my students, that doesn't make any sense."
State officials are currently seeking applications for the job of commissioner of political practices to replace Jonathan Motl, whose term expired in January. A bipartisan group of legislative leaders will select a couple of those applicants, from which the governor will pick one. The governor's appointee to lead the COPP must then be confirmed by the state Senate.
House Bill 340 must pass a final vote Tuesday in order to move into the Senate.
The NFL draft is this week and the Arizona Cardinals will have the 15th pick in the first round. On their radio show Monday afternoon, Arizona Sports 98.7 FM's John Gambadoro revealed the five names the Cardinals are expected to target with their first-round pick, assuming they do not make a trade to move up or move down in the draft.
Who are theraft is Thursday night and no one knows exactly what directions the Arizona Cardinals will go with the 15th overall pick. However, the names have been limited, according to Arizona Sports 98.7 FM's John Gambadoro. On their radio sy?
S Derwin James, Florida State
James has elite athletic measurables and is not expected to be on the board when the Cardinals make their pick at No. 15.  They are a big-time safety prospect, much like Jamal Adams last year. Arizona loved Adams.  They are versatile, able to play high or near the line of scrimmage.
People in Bristol told to clear up their rubbish
People in Bristol are being asked to do their bit to stop wildlife spreading rubbish around the city.
There are concerns rubbish left in bags by bins is being taken by gulls, foxes and rats.
So the message is 'if a bin is full, take your rubbish home with you'.
Mayor of Bristol Marvin Rees said: ''Keeping Bristol clean is all of our responsibility and we're trying to educate people about the consequences of littering. ''During the summer there is usually an increase in the amount of rubbish left in Bristol's parks and green spaces. We want to encourage people to help make the city cleaner for everyone, so we can all enjoy the summer months.''
More staffs are being taken on this summer to help empty bins more quickly, while 50 extra bins have been installed in 'hot spot' areas, including Castle Park, College Green and Queen Square.
Vicki May, Operations Manager for Street Cleansing, at Bristol Waste Company said: ''During the last bank holiday weekend, our street cleansing team collected a significant amount of discarded rubbish including empty cans of beer and bottles, food packets and disposable barbeques.
''It's really important that people put their rubbish in the bin or take it with them. Rubbish left behind encourages wildlife to scavenge, which makes a mess and could even cause them harm.''
