A tourist jumps for a photo on the popular on Maya Bay on Phi Phi island in Krabi province, Thailand, Thursday, May 31, 2018. Maya Bay on Phi Phi Leh Island in the Andaman Sea will close to tourists for four months from Friday to give its coral reefs and sea life a chance to recover from an onslaught that began nearly two decades ago. Sakchai Lalit AP Photo
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Vladimir Putin dismissed claims of Russian involvement in the Salisbury spy poisoning as "nonsense" as they were re-elected president of the Federation.
Sergei Skripal and their daughter Yulia would have died instantly if they had been attacked with a nerve-agent, the leader claimed while they celebrated the start of another six year term.
Boris Johnson will update European Union counterparts on developments in the attack during a meeting in Brussels on Monday before holding talks Nato secretary general Jens Stoltenberg.
The Foreign Secretary has accused Russia of stockpiling Novichok for a decade in breach of international rules.
Inspectors from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) will arrive in the UK on Monday to test the nerve-agent but the results will take at least two weeks.
President Putin, who secured a fourth term amid widespread claims of electoral fraud, said they learnt about the "tragedy" from the media.
"The first thing that comes to my mind is that should it really be a warfare agent, people would have died instantly," they said. "It is an obvious fact.
"Russia does not possess such agents. We have destroyed all our chemical arsenals under control of international observers."
They added: "We are ready for cooperation and said that immediately. We are ready to take part in all necessary probes but the will of the other side is needed for that. So far, we see none."
(Image: RIA Novosti Kremlin)
Moscow mocked the UK, claiming the government's response had fuelled an increase in support for President Putin in the election.
The Foreign Secretary said Russia has investigated ways of delivering nerve agents for assassination over the last 10 years in a breach of international rules.
Russia's ambassador to the EU, Vladimir Chizhov, suggested the Novichok may have come from the Porton Down laboratory, which is about eight miles from Salisbury.
Sweden and the Czech Republic denied Russian suggestions they may have been the source of the nerve agent.
The national security council will meet in the coming days to discuss Moscow's tit-for-tat response to the UK's expulsion of 23 Russian diplomats.
Mr Skripal, a former double agent, and their daughter may have been exposed to a deadly nerve agent through their car's ventilation system, US media has reported.
The pair is still fighting for their lives after being exposed to Novichok two weeks ago in the Wiltshire city.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Counter-terrorism police renewed their appeal for sightings of Mr Skripal's burgundy BMW 320D saloon car, registration HD09 WAO, in Salisbury on the morning of Sunday March 4.
Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu said: "We are learning more about Sergei and Yulia's movements but we need to be clearer around their exact movements on the morning of the incident."
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Derby City Council's top officers says it is unlikely a new link road to tackle congestion will be built for the north of the city in the near future .
That's despite growing calls for it because of gridlock fears.
Last week Derby city councillor for Oakwood, Frank Harwood, told the Derby Telegraph they and other councillors would ramp up pressure for a new link road joining the A601 Mansfield Road to the A61 Sir Frank Whittle Road.
Campaigners say the road is badly needed to help alleviate traffic chaos in the area. Mr Harwood and others fear the creation of two new housing estates serving both sides of Oakwood would create relentless congestion problems in Mansfield Road at peak periods.
Backing Mr Harwood's calls for the new road has been Derbyshire county councillor for Breadsall Carol Hart who has written to Derby City Council's chief executive Paul Robinson explaining why the road is needed for the communities of Breadsall and Oakwood.
But in a response - which has been seen by the Derby Telegraph - Mr Robinson said the creation of the link road would present a huge “challenge” and was not a “realistic” possibility at this moment of time.
The outgoing chief executive also said that creating a new road "will not necessarily solve the problem" and added that a solution was needed which would reduce peak period travel time or change working patterns.
Mr Robinson said: “Calls for this ‘relief road' have gained some popularity in the last few days and my message to all those seeking to promote such must be that a new route across private land traversing a steep hillside will have its challenges.
“Land ownership not withstanding, if this were to proceed and we had secured the funding to undertake the proposal, we would need to understand how such a route would impact on current traffic flows where merely diverting a flow of traffic from one route to another can cause other non-anticipated impacts further afield by changes in driver choice and depositing vehicles elsewhere on the network.
“No route is formally protected in the city's plans and neither is there any realistic prospect of such a scheme being promoted in the immediate future.
"Any such new road would need to be developer led based on the construction mitigating the direct impacts of their/a development scheme.”
Later in the letter they add: “Adding a new road will not necessarily solve the problem as users will make informed judgements of all routes to arrive at their destination.
"A more radical change is probably needed that reduces the peak period travel time spreading the numbers over a larger time period or even reducing the numbers by changes in working patterns.”
The response from Mr Robinson has been criticised by Mrs Hart who described the letter they received as “disappointing”.
They said: “I am very disappointed, to say the least, at the response to my request of the possibility of a link road to try and alleviate the increasing pressures of traffic through Breadsall village.
“This can only get worse with the new developments which are taking place at Lime Lane and the proposed development on the land at Mansfield Road.
“The ‘rat run' that Breadsall village has become is only going to get worse and Derby City Council should be looking seriously at anything that can be done to relieve the volume of traffic through Breadsall and the close surrounding area.
“The devastating impact these two developments within their boundary will have, for Mr Robinson just to say drivers should look for alternative routes or work times should be staggered is no help at all.”
FLAGSTAFF, Ariz. (AP) — Uber suspended all of its self-driving testing Monday after what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The testing has been going on for months in the Phoenix area, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto as automakers and technology companies compete to be the first with the technology.
Uber's testing was halted after police in a Phoenix suburb said one of its self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian overnight Sunday. The vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when a woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit, Tempe police Sgt. Ronald Elcock said.
The woman, whose name hasn't been released, died of their injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on their Twitter account and said the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
The federal government has voluntary guidelines for companies that want to test autonomous vehicles, leaving much of the regulation up to states.
The U.S. Department of Transportation is considering other voluntary guidelines that it says will help foster innovation. But Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao also has said technology and automobile companies need to allay public fears of self-driving vehicles, citing a poll showing that 78 percent of people fear riding in autonomous vehicles
The number of states considering legislation related to autonomous vehicles gradually has increased each year, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures. In 2017 alone, 33 states introduced legislation.
California is among those that require manufacturers to report any incidents to the motor vehicle department during the autonomous vehicle testing phase. As of early March, the agency received 59 such reports.
___
This story has been corrected to fix the spelling of Transportation Elaine Chao.
NC State football coach Dave Doeren was reminded about their posture toward officials before the Coca-Cola 600 at Charlotte Motor Speedway on Sunday, May 27, 2018. Doeren, an honorary official for the race, says they are not planning on changing careers.
FILE - In this Dec. 22, 2017, file photo, the U.S. Capitol in the early morning in Washington. Top-level Capitol Hill talks on a massive $1.3 trillion catchall spending bill are reaching a critical stage as negotiators confront immigration issues, abortion-related controversies, and a battle over a massive rail project that pits President Donald Trump against their most powerful Democratic adversary. J. Scott Applewhite, File AP Photo
Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
On Friday, the news broke that Gilberto Escamilla, also known as the Fajita Bandit, had been handed a sentence of 50 years in prison for their near-decade-long fajita scam. Fans and admirers were saddened.
Escamilla's escapades came to an end in August, when a delivery truck carrying 800 pounds of fajitas arrived at the Darrel B. Hester Juvenile Detention Center in San Benito, Texas, according to the Brownsville Herald. The driver called the kitchen to ask where they should unload the fajitas, and the woman who answered the phone told the driver that the center did not serve fajitas. Confused, the driver told them they had been delivering fajitas there for nine years.
Unfortunately for Escamilla, who was working at the facility at the time, they had taken the day off to go to a medical appointment and wasn't there to intercept the delivery. Otherwise, things would have continued as they had for nearly a decade, with them placing orders of meat with county funds and reselling it to, often enough, regular customers who preordered.
Police searched Escamilla's house and found packages of fajita meat in their refrigerator. Ultimately, investigators concluded that they had stolen more than $1.2 million through the scheme. Escamilla confessed and pleaded guilty to their charges.
“It was selfish,” Escamilla said while testifying, according to the Brownsville Herald. “It started small and got bigger and out of control.”
Escamilla was convicted under the charges of theft by a public servant, a distinction Texas makes that added to what would otherwise still be a first-degree felony. According to Texas Monthly:
The theory behind that is that theft committed by a private individual harms the person or people who were stolen from; but theft by a public servant harms the taxpayers who pay their salary, and harms society at large by eroding trust in those who've agreed to serve us. In cases where a public employee is accused of stealing less than $300,000, charges involving public servants using their official positions to facilitate the crime are automatically escalated to the next-highest level of felony. In Escamilla's case, the value of the meat they stole meant that it was already the highest class of felony—which helps explain why their sentence was so high.
Escamilla, 53, was also ordered to pay back the cost of the fajitas.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leeds keens on Wolves target
Diogo Goncalves, the player who Wolverhampton Wanderers came close to signing in the summer, is being linked with a move to England again - this time to Leeds United.
Goncalves, a winger at Portuguese side Benfica, decided against a switch to Molineux in the summer transfer window, instead preferring to try their luck in Portugal's capital after previous success with the Benfica B side.
This season, the 21-year-old has made 11 appearances for the first team including four Champions League outings - and both encounters with Manchester United.
Leeds, who have been well beaten in both home and away clashes with league leaders Wolves this season, have managed just one victory in their last 14 league games, a slide that has transformed their promotion ambitions for the worse and left them hovering in mid-table.
Paul Heckingbottom is expected to make a number of changes to their squad this summer after failing to arrest the slide.
Silva speaks out
Wolverhampton Wanderers-linked Andre Silva has broken their silence after being heavily linked with a big money move to Molineux this summer.
Silva, 22, arrived at Serie A giants AC Milan from Porto last summer, though despite an eye-catching record in the Primeira Liga and at international level, Silva has initially struggled for starts at Milan and has scored eight goals in all competitions to date.
The striker arrived in Italy for a fee of around €38m - a hefty price for a young player.
It's sparked speculation that Silva might leave Milan almost as soon as they arrived, with Wolves and other clubs in England - including Arsenal - said to be interested in their services.
The man himself, though, doesn't appear to have much interest in giving up at the Rossoneri just yet.
poll loading Would Andre Silva be a good signing for Wolves? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
They believe they are merely acclimatising to a switch in country, but that the price tag around their neck is not something that they feel the pressure of.
“My thoughts have always been to stay here and do my job at Milan, here in Italy everything changed for me, it was the first time I came out of my country [Portugal],” Silva told Tuttomercato .
“Football is football, the same everywhere, but everything is always done to make the best possible, I do not think that the high cost of the transfer has weighed on me.
“The real problem is what I have already said, that changing country has changed everything.”
A mysterious thumb turned up Monday in a yard near Lake Oconee in Putnam County. In this picture, Putnam County Sheriff Howard Sills holds the digit in question. Courtesy of Putnam County Sheriff's Office
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stallholders at Derby's only traditional open-air market are concerned about its long-term future after Derby City Council carried out a staffing restructure.
They say that the city council has also failed to paint the 90 covered stalls at Allenton Market and does not advertise its weekly openings on Friday and Saturday to attract more stallholders and customers.
The market, which was opened on its current Osmaston Road site in 1961, is still popular with customers but stallholders believe more people would use it if they knew it was there.
Stallholder Adrian Else, of Swadlincote, contacted the Derby Telegraph to say that a rumour was going around that the market would be closing as soon as April because people had picked up on market staff changes.
They said: “They have put this together, taken into account the lack of decorative care they see around the place and the rumours of closure over the years, and some of them have not been buying in stock because they are so worried about the future.”
Largely unwelcome plans to re-site the market, put it indoors, reduce it to 65 stalls and open it daily, which were developed when Tesco wanted to build a new superstore on the land, fell through after the supermarket giant withdrew its plans altogether in 2014-2015.
Since then, a Derby City Council markets review has been taking place – although the results have not been published so far – but in the past couple of years the council has sold the Eagle Market to Intu Derby, sold off Derby Cattle Market site for redevelopment and is aiming to refurbish the Market Hall in the city centre.
The council issued an initial statement to the Derby Telegraph that said: “Allenton Market is not scheduled to be closed in April. There has been a restructured of reporting lines and responsibilities meaning certain roles will be merged with other positions. All staff will have the opportunity to apply for the newly created positions.”
But this did not reassure stallholders who called on the council to commit itself to keeping the market going for future generations.
Not all of the stalls are occupied at the market but, at £11 a day, the type and quality of them is very varied and includes bric-a-brac, clothing, electrical items, food, greengrocery, greetings cards, toys, household items and carpets.
Mary Grundle, of Sunny Hill, has run a gift card stall at the market for the past five years and said: “We need to know what is happening. As it is, we go along from week to week and would be happy to paint and renovate our stalls if we were allowed.”
Them sentiments were shared by Mike Powell, who has been running a grocery stall at the market for about six years. They also visit other markets but thinks that the Allenton one is the best. They said: “This is a good market and, no matter what the weather, it is covered and has an electric supply to the stalls.
“It would be a real shame to lose it because it is such an integral part of the community.”
Another stallholder, Cheryl Gemmell, of Borrowash, has been running their trainer stall for about five years. They said: “You could not get a more diverse community coming together than here at Allenton Market.
“But the council needs to update things and make it a great place for people to visit and work. Many people rely on this place for their livelihoods and we need to feel more supported.”
One stallholder who did not want to be named has been at the market for around 40 years. Them clothing stall is popular but they say that making a living is harder now than in years gone by, especially with the advent of online shopping.
They said: “I am glad I don't have to live on the money or I would starve to death but it is about time the council did something to make this place better for customers. I feel sorry for anyone relying on the income from the market. I have not been buying stock in advance as I usually do because of not knowing what is going to happen next.”
Chris Thomas, who has a large and popular fruit and veg stall, arrives with a lorry each week to sell their produce. On Sundays, they manage Melton Mowbray Market and says it would be simple to improve Allenton Market.
They said: “More advertising is key. The market already has a large population of potential customers nearby and these need telling that we are here. I think people also need certainty because there are market traders who would love to be here if they knew there was a long-term future.”
The sunny Friday morning seemed to attract plenty of customers, who had dozens of stalls to look around. Among them was 91-year-old Ada Hudson, who said it would be the “end of her” if the market was ever to close.
They travel on their mobility scooter from Alvaston each week to buy items and also to see some of the stallholders, who they have come to look on as friends over the years.
Mrs Hudson said: “Please do not take the market away. I have been coming here ever since it opened and I love it. It's the most beautiful place and it just needs making better for the people who work here.”
It is also a popular destination with Meryl Turnpenny, also of Alvaston, who visits the market every week mainly on Friday but occasionally Saturday.
They said: “I love to come here and wander around. This week I have found a bargain coat and last week I bought a dress. I would really miss it if it wasn't here. I remember the first time coming here, because I lived in Allenton then. It was shortly after I got married in the 1960s.”
Another regular visitor is Edward Waring, who said: “It's great because you can bag plenty of bargains.”
The Derby Telegraph has been back to the city council to ask more about its plans for the future of Allenton Market on behalf of the stallholders and customers.
A council spokesperson pointed out that no representations had come to the authority directly from stallholders.
They said: “There are currently no plans to close Allenton Market. All council services and properties are regularly reviewed to ensure they are providing value for money and to determine whether there are opportunities to deliver services in different ways.
“With regards to advertising, departments have set budgets with which they have to prioritise to ensure that the people of Derby receive value for money.
“Allenton Market is currently supported by our ‘buy one stall get one free', and we also support local charities by offering them a stall for £1 on certain days. Stallholders also advertise their attendance at the market, which attracts footfall."
Rodney McAree was on hand to kick off this year's BetMcLean.com League Cup competition.
McAree led Dungannon Swifts to the first piece of major silverware in last year's tournament following their 3-1 win over Ballymena United.
Dungannon Swifts manager Rodney McAree pictured with competition sponsor Paul McLean from BetMcLean and NI Football League Manging Director Andrew Johnston.
The Swifts boss helped out with the first round draw on Wednesday morning alongside Paul McLean of sponsors BetMcLean, and they were delighted to be back at the scene of their triumph again.
"I've some great memories from Windsor Park after the League Cup final, and it's great to be back here again for the first round draw," said McAree.
"It was a great occasion for Dungannon Swifts and one which we thoroughly enjoyed.
"We want to kick on again this season but we know it will be extremely difficult and we can't be overconfident.
"We have to understand what we have achieved over the last 15 seasons to maintain our position in the Irish Premiership, which all starts with hard work.
"We have to make sure we deliver that week in, week out."
The BetMcLean.com League Cup action kicks off with four first round fixtures on Saturday 4 August, with the introduction of the remaining teams, including the Danske Bank Premiership clubs, for the second round later in the same month.
NI Football League Manging Director Andrew Johnston said: “The vision and dedication of BetMcLean has helped us lift the competition's profile during the first year of sponsorship last season.
“We're a month away from the start of the season with the BetMcLean League Cup kicking us off and we wish all clubs competing in the competition the best of luck for the season!”
Competition sponsor Paul McLean from BetMcLean said: “Following such a positive season of last year, we're looking forward to another successful BetMcLean League Cup competition.”
BetMcLean League Cup – First Round Draw
Lurgan Celtic v Armagh City
PSNI v Banbridge Town
Dundela v Knockbreda
Queen's University University v Lisburn Distillery
Fixtures to be played on Saturday 4 August.
Twelve clubs received byes into the second round of the competition, namely: Annagh United, Ballyclare Comrades, Banbridge Town, Dergview, Dollingstown, Larne, Limavady United, Loughgall, Moyola Park, Newington YC, Portstewart, Sport & Leisure Swifts, Tobermore United.
Diamondbacks pitcher Archie Bradley may have cracked the code to pitching success, and he's been working towards this goal since October.
Dude hasn't shaved.
Speaking to reporters on the first day of spring training, Bradley was sporting some incredible facial hair. It was something they decided to keep and brought up the recent bearded Cy Young winners.
VIDEO: #Dbacks Archie Bradley, sporting facial hair,has not shaved since Oct 31st, reports to spring training. See https://t.co/qu00DRY5tE pic.twitter.com/Z4YA7RtUxh — azcentral (@azcentral) February 15, 2017
Bradley was 8-9 with a 5.02 ERA in 2016, but hey, they might have a point. Look at the past NL Cy Young winners.
R.A. Dickey – 2012
Beard.
Clayton Kershaw – 2013 and 2014
Beard.
Jake Arrieta – 2015
Really awesome beard.
Max Scherzer – 2016
Well, uh, 2016 was a weird year.
Congrats to Archie Bradley on their 2017 NL Cy Young Award!
VANCOUVER — The troubled inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls has named a new executive director.
Chief commissioner Marion Buller announced late Friday that former Assembly of First Nations adviser Debbie Reid has taken the job.
Reid is from the Skownan First Nation in Manitoba.
They were a special adviser to Assembly of First Nations National Chief Phil Fontaine when they held the job and has also worked for the federal government.
Buller says Reid has focused their entire career on working on behalf of Indigenous people.
The inquiry has run into troubled waters in recent months with criticism that victims' families weren't being adequately consulted about the shape of the inquiry.
One of the inquiry's commissioners and the previous executive director resigned in the wake of the criticism.
There were subsequent calls for a more profound shakeup with one prominent Manitoba First Nations chief even calling for Buller to leave.
The federal government gave the inquiry a budget of about $53.8 million and set a deadline for its work to be done by the end of next year.
The Canadian Press
The UAE Research Programme for Rain Enhancer Science is looking into how to stimulate rainfall in arid zones
The 2017 World Economic Forum Global Risks Report included a highlight from the 2016 survey of 750 experts who concurred that water scarcity poses the gravest threat to global society over the next decade. Some regions are obviously more arid than others. However, scarcity is not always about the lack of a natural resource, it can also, often, be about over-demand and mismanagement of an existing resource.
In the 1980s and 1990s, Denmark saw the economic and environmental waste of leakages and over-consumption. Policies were implemented to improve the delivery of water and to raise awareness about the value of water.
Denmark has been particularly successful in reducing water wastage in general and in particular has turned wastewater into “resource water” — investing in water is good for society, good for the environment and it's good for business as it brings energy costs down too.
In a much more arid region where water is substantially scarcer and more expensive than oil, the Arabian Peninsula also sees the great value of investing in producing clean water for good reason: the oil will eventually run out and the peninsula would rely entirely on external sources of imported water. So far the most popular solution and rather expensive means of extracting large quantities of fresh water from the seas has been desalination.
Desalination is very energy intensive, costs a lot and produces brine — a salty sludge that no one really knows what to do with except throw back into the seas or dump into the desert. When the UAE announced a major solar-powered desalination plant a couple of years ago, Saudi Arabia responded by building a solar-powered desal plant that would be four times as big.
This kind of competition is good, it's healthy for capitalism and it's driving the transition to more sustainable modes of getting our energy and water.
Most countries cannot afford the high price tag of the solar-powered desal plants yet though, or if they do they prefer to invest in something else like wind energy or hydropower, when and where they have an abundance of water already.
Today, an estimated 60 per cent of global production of desalinated water is coming from the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries on the peninsula and globally desalination could grow by a third by 2020, according to Steve Griffiths, vice-president of Research at the Masdar Institute of Science and Technology, at the International Water Summit in Abu Dhabi.
How to make it rain
Between Abu Dhabi and Dubai there is a small strip of coastal land called Ghantoot that is where the Expo 2020 will host some activities. Right now, there is Racing & Polo Club and not much else, except for a testing station where Masdar, the clean energy company company owned by Mubadala, has created five joint ventures with European companies worth about $1-$2 million (Dh3.67- Dh7.34 million) each that are researching and exploring new technologies to scale-up and deploy desalination.
These are all relatively small plants compared to the offshore rigs drilling hundreds of holes deep into the sea bed in search for and in competition with their neighbours to tap quite literally into the remaining reserves of oil and gas. But these are important mini projects by Masdar/Mubadala standards as they have the potential of bringing more clean water in a more efficient way to more people.
Of the five plants, only one is exploring how to reuse part of the brine and to reduce the overall “outfall” (waste). There is no silver bullet for this one: the brine would have to be reprocessed in parallel treatment plants and reinserted into other industries that could use the minerals from the brine.
Costly process
This is an even more costly process: how to reuse brine is equivalent to how to store energy; they are the holy grails of the water and energy sectors. Back at the headquarters in Masdar City, researchers are happily exploring on ways to make it rain as means of coming up with an alternative source of water.
Apart from implementing forward osmosis, reverse osmosis, membrane distillation, brine treatment and integrating renewables at the desalination plants, the Masdar Institute and the UAE Research Programme for Rain Enhancer Science are looking into how to stimulate rainfall in such arid zones as the Arabian Peninsula.
These are exciting times to see such research and activity around addressing ‘public enemy' number one — water scarcity.
The eastern part of the Arabian Pensinula is a veritable petri-dish of innovative projects to find sustainable solutions. In this case, it's about using remote sensing to optimise cloud seeding in order to instigate more rainfall.
How that will affect the environment and the natural habitat is yet to be seen. And somehow it's okay that there is vibrant almost emerald green Astro-turf ‘grass' covering patches of sands by the highway: at least no water is being wasted.
Stuart Reigeluth is managing editor of Revolve Magazine and works at the Council for European Palestinian Relations in Brussels.
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some signings absolutely bewilder fans and Aston Villa have acquired a fair number of players that would fall into that category.
Recruitment during the summer transfer window looks to have set Villa up nicely for a Championship promotion tilt this season.
But who are the strangest signings to rock up at Villa Park during transfer season?
Ivo Staš
Staš is a Villa history boy due to being the only claret and blue player to have scored for the club without ever appearing for them.
The Czech defender scored an own goal whilst playing for Banik Ostrava against Villa in the UEFA Cup but their general showing was enough to convince Dr Jozef Venglos to spend £500,000 to sign them in 1990.
Whilst it is true that Staš was injured in their first training session, the Czech defender did actually make three appearances for Villa in pre-season friendlies.
Despite missing a penalty in the 1-0 defeat to Gornik Zabrze in the pre-season Hanover tournament, they impressed fans and pundits with their performance on the pitch.
However, the closest they came to taking to the pitch at Villa Park was sitting on the bench for the whole of Paul Birch's testimonial game.
David Unsworth
Unsworth's time at the club was completely and utterly bizarre. They decided to leave West Ham for Villa after the two clubs agreed a £4million fee in 1998 having opted for the claret and blues rather than Everton, despite being based in Liverpool.
But after tasting the M6 commute for the first time, Unsworth realised they had made a mistake and told manager at the time John Gregory as much.
Despite Gregory suggesting that they and their wife relocate to Birmingham, Unsworth said their wife was reluctant following the birth of their second child.
Gregory told local press the following about Unsworth's shock u-turn after agreeing to let them join Everton.
“Apparently it took David three-and-a-half hours to drive home to Merseyside last Friday following their first training session with us.
“It obviously set them thinking, because the poor lad was clearly under the impression that Birmingham was somewhere on the outskirts of Bolton!
“When David eventually arrived home, their dinner was in the dustbin - or perhaps it was in the cat!”
Moustapha Salifou
Salifou was the ultimate cult hero among Villa fans. The Togo midfield man was signed by Martin O'Neill in 2007 from Stade Brest and ended up staying at Villa Park for four years.
They never made a Premier League start but did come off the bench four times in their debut season.
‘Sali-Salifou' echoed around Villa Park regularly on a match day during their stay but they were restricted to just UEFA Cup outings and a single FA Cup start in the remainder of their time at Villa Park with O'Neill resting key personnel for league matches.
Jordan Bowery
Bowery's arrival on deadline day in 2012 left many fans perplexed. Signed from Chesterfield, Bowery only had 17 goals to their name.
What made Paul Lambert's decision to sign Bowery even stranger was the fact that Christian Benteke checked in at B6 just a few hours later.
Bowery never actually scored for Villa - in the right end - before being sold. Since leaving Villa in 2014, he's slipped down the footballing ladder and now finds themselves in the lower reaches of League Two with Crewe Alexandra, having joined on loan from Leyton Orient.
Bowery, 25, has scored three times this season to take their career tally to 33 goals in 233 appearances.
Jose Angel Crespo
Poor recruitment was a trend at Villa Park by the time Crespo was signed from Cordoba two summers ago.
A 29-year-old centre-back who had made 52 appearances for six clubs - what could go wrong?
A further two games arrived during their six months with Villa, both of which ended in defeat. They joined Rayo Vallecano on loan in January for the second half of last season and made nine appearances.
Crespo's Villa career was terminated last summer as they linked up with Greek side PAOK Salonika.
New Aircraft Carrier To Arrive in In Portsmouth On Wednesday
The UK's newest aircraft carrier will arrive in their home dock this week after completing the latest round of sea trials, the Royal Navy has confirmed.
The £3 billion HMS Queen Elizabeth is expected to arrive in Portsmouth on Wednesday, a day earlier than previously expected, after weather conditions had formerly prevented the exact date from being set.
The 65,000-tonne carrier, the largest warship ever to be built in Britain, is expected to be the Navy's flagship craft for at least 50 years.
The 280-metre vessel was previously forecast to reach its Hampshire base between August 17-22, after setting out from Scotland's Rosyth dockyard in June.
More than 60 Royal Navy sailors and Royal Marines took part in a training exercise aboard the American USS George HW Bush earlier this month, in preparation for the ship's entry into service.
The carrier will remain without aircraft until flying trials are conducted in the United States next year, with 10 F-35 Lightning II jets and 120 aircrews expected to take part.
Preparations for the ship's arrival, along with their 700 staff, saw more than 3.2 million cubic metres of sediment removed from Portsmouth harbour to enable them to reach their future docking at Portsmouth Naval Base.
In a statement on August 7, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon heralded the HMS Queen Elizabeth's impending arrival, and declared that they would be deployed "across the seven seas, using their strike power to deter our enemies".
Sir Michael visited the craft for the first time in July, when they hailed the return of "big decks and fast jets", and described the large-scale engineering project as "great for British industry".
The warship is expected to arrive in Portsmouth shortly after 7am on Wednesday, where it will become the latest in a long line of prestigious ships to be docked in the port.
by Providence Emmanuel
THE informal sector of the Nigerian economy comprising of people at the bottom of the pyramid are the biggest tax evaders.
Minister of Finance, Mrs. Kemi Adeosun, said this while fielding questions from the media at a campaign in Lagos on the Voluntary Asset and Income Declaration Scheme (VAIDS) .
Asked whether proceeds from begging are taxable, they said: “There are so many tax evasions at the lower end, we will continue to sensitize. VAIDS is open to everybody, some beggars are earning millions, and we will look at their lifestyle.
“Lifestyle may not matter sometimes, proceeds from begging are taxable, beggars are supposed to pay tax even if their source of income is begging. Our non-formal sector is one of the hardest and that is where one of the biggest tax evasion occurs and that is what data is helping us to correct,” they said.
Adeosun who said that VAIDS is a credible platform put in place for defaulting Nigerian taxpayers to work out a flexible way to pay their outstanding tax liabilities.
According to her, “Nigeria's tax to gross domestic product (GDP) ratio at just six per cent is one of the lowest in the world, compared to India's 16 per cent, Ghana's 15.9 per cent, and South Africa's 27 per cent. Most developed nations have tax to GDP ratios of between 32 per cent and 35 per cent.”
President/Chairman of Council, Chartered Institute of Taxation of Nigeria (CITN), Chief Cyril Ede, said that the coming of VAIDS has been described as a tax revolution, which would change virtually all the anomalies and poor orientation to taxation in the country.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Derby County have revealed details about their new kit for the 2018-19 season.
It has been announced that online casino 32Red adorn the front of the Rams shirts next term, replacing Avon Tyres as the club's principal sponsor.
The new strip, once again made by Umbro, is to be unveiled on Thursday (May 31).
“We are delighted and hugely excited by this partnership with 32Red, who are part of the Kindred Group, and the opportunities it will provide for both parties," said Derby County's head of partnerships Ashley Peden.
"32Red are current, forward-thinking, and a brand with a proven track record of sponsoring high-profile football clubs and we are thrilled that they will be Derby County's principal shirt sponsor for the 2018-19 season.
“We look forward to building a strong relationship between our two brands both on and off the field over the forthcoming year and we would like to thank Kindred Group for their support."
Neil Banbury, general manager UK at 32Red, said: “We are extremely proud to partner with Derby County, a traditional and successful club. It has been a pleasure to deal with the club in agreeing our principal club partnership, that will see the 32Red brand on the front of the shirts and the training kit.
“We look forward to building on our successful history in football sponsorship and providing Ramsfans with the excitement and entertainment that has made 32Red an industry-leader in online casinos. The ambition of the club is evident to see and we wish the club and the fans every success in their push to the Premier League.”
The Rams added in a statement: "Derby County Football Club would like to place on record their thanks for Avon Tyres' level of support over the past two seasons and confirm that the company will retain a brand presence around Pride Park Stadium for the forthcoming season."
The World War II memorial in Johnson City has a new home at Veterans Memorial Park after spending 47 years at the American Legion.
The monument that dates back to 1949 honors the Johnson City Veterans whose lives were lost in WWII.
This is the second move for the monument that last resided in Crocker Park.
The American Legion Post 758 building was sold 4 years ago and the Legion is happy the monument has moved to where it belongs.
“We're moving it down to the Veterans Park in Johnson City so that we can pay respects to it better than here at the old building.” - Thomas Nedlik, Commander of Post 758
The monuments re-dedication ceremony will take place on Veterans Day.
Johnson City WWII monument is being moved this morning from American Legion Post 758 to new home at Veterans Park. @wicztv pic.twitter.com/knDmUzHn2q — Amanda Pitts WICZ (@AmandaPittsTV) October 6, 2017
Launch of new series of Britain's Got Talent
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dean Gaffney is returning to EastEnders in the role of Robbie Jackson after several years away from the soap.
The actor has said they feel "so lucky" to be reprising their role as the Walford regular after previously starring in the BBC series from 1993 until 2003.
Gaffney last appeared in EastEnders in 2015, following a few brief appearances in the years following their official departure.
Of their return, Gaffney said: "I'm really happy to be back. I'm so lucky to be given the chance to work again with such a talented group of people."
They said it will be a "lot of fun" and thanked the soap's executive producer Sean O'Connor for bringing them back.
O'Connor said: "I'm thrilled to welcome back Dean as Robbie Jackson, one of EastEnders' most loved and most popular characters.
"Bridge Street Market has never quite been the same without Robbie policing it in their high-vis jacket. Dean brings a wonderful warmth and fun to their portrayal of Robbie and I'm sure that audiences will take them to their hearts again, just as they have always done."
Robbie was a troublesome teen when they first arrived in Albert Square with the Jackson family over 20 years ago, although they went on to become a fan favourite.
(Photo: BC - Photographer: Jack Barnes)
After a decade as one of the soap's most familiar faces, Robbie left to move to India with their girlfriend Nita (Bindya Solanki) although they later moved to Milton Keynes.
In 2010, they returned briefly for the wedding of Bianca Jackson (Patsy Palmer) and Ricky Butcher (Sid Owen), during which time they revealed that Nita was pregnant.
At the time, they were also devastated to learn that their trusty sidekick, pet dog Wellard, had died a few years before.
Gaffney is set to appear in EastEnders in the coming weeks, although details of their comeback storyline are currently unknown.
"Illicit alcohol" was found and seized from 31 different resorts, restaurants and nightclubs in Mexico, ABC News reports.
More than 10,000 gallons of alcohol was found from an unnamed company with "bad manufacturing practices." Some of the alcohol was found at a resort where a 20-year-old Wisconsin woman drowned in January after drinking in the hotel lobby.
Abbey Conner, 20, was pulled from a pool at an Iberostar resort near Playa del Carmen, according to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. After Conner's death, the paper received numerous reports from others who said they got sick and experienced blackouts at resorts in Cancun and Playa del Carmen.
Rick and Diana Neuenschwander of Symmes Township, Ohio said they found tainted alcohol in their margaritas from the Secrets Akumal Riviera Maya resort for a getaway over Independence Day. The resort is close to the resort where Conner drowned.
“It was just a little odd. They were different colors,” Rick said. “We ... just blacked out ... We just don't remember what happened.”
Allegations of tainted or substandard alcohol that resulted in illness or blacking out became serious enough that the State Department updated its Mexico page in July, warning travelers to take extra caution when consuming alcohol.
“We're standing in the pool, got our little floatie out, and we had some drinks. We were drinking some margaritas,” Rick said. “They were blowing bubbles in the pool. You got people dancing. It was Fourth of July in Mexico ... It was a lot of fun.”
Hours after having the "odd"-looking margaritas, Rick said they and Diana regained consciousness in their hotel room. They said they had no memory of what happened.
“We weren't drunk. We were out — completely different. If we stumbled, we have no idea that we stumbled. We don't know what happened,” Rick said, adding that they woke up with scratches on their face and that their wife had bruised shoulders. “My wife felt like they were maybe held down.”
Read more about the Neuenschwander's story in this I-Team report.
Problems found by Mexican authorities included expired alcohol, water leakage, lack of documentation and a lack of disinfectant, the Journal Sentinel reported.
There's no word from officials on criminal charges, any connection to Conner's death, or any efforts to crack-down on alcohol violations, the Journal Sentinel reported.
Kareena Kapoor Khan REACTS on Zaira Wasim Case; Watch Video | FilmiBeat
'Dangal' actor Zaira Wasim recently opened up about being molested in a Delhi- Mumbai flight. They had taken to their Instagram page to narrate their horrifying experience with tears rolling down the cheek.
At the recently held Lux Golden Rose Awards, Kareena Kapoor Khan reacted to this incident and said that women are capable of fighting out of every situation in life.
Bebo was quoted as saying to the reporters, "I think women are way more superior than men. We are fighters and whatever the situation might be in our life - be it personal or professional - we all come out as fighters." "Like I said before, we call our god Laxmi, we pray to them and they are a woman, and when we talk about our land, we call it motherland... So, women are way more superior. We will fight out of every situation in life."
At the red carpet of the event, Alia Bhatt too condemned the incident and called it 'disturbing'.
Meanwhile, the wife of the Mumbai based business person who has been arrested for alleging molesting Zaira says that said their husband had "no intention to molest" and the incident was the result of a "misunderstanding".
They told ANI, "My husband is innocent, they had no intention to molest. There was a young death in family, which is where they went. They hadn't slept for 24 hours. They asked the crew not to disturb him. Their foot was on the arm rest but not with the intention to harass."
"There was no immediate reaction by them I don't know why they levelled these allegations, maybe there was a misunderstanding.  They are a family man and can never do such a thing. We want justice," they further added.
LAKELAND, Fla. — The new tax bill is already making an impact in the Tampa Bay Area.
Employees are noticing bigger checks come pay day. But, how much can you expect to find in your bank account?
“It's just a win-win,” Jessica Kircher, a college graduate who knows the struggles that come after school.
Stretching a check was not a class offered, but Kircher is learning quickly how to cover their bills.
“I budget as much as I can,” they said.
Kircher says she's pretty comfortable with their paychecks, considering the debt that comes with learning.
“I think the number one struggle is student loans,” Kircher said.
So this payday it was a pleasant surprise to see a few unexpected numbers in their account.
“I checked my bank, I checked the total and I did notice there was extra,” they said.
President Trump promised tax cuts and the new tax bill is already delivering.
RECOMMENDED: Many folks seeing more money on their paychecks
“I really didn't think anything of it. I didn't think it was tied to any tax bill, I knew something with the taxes was going on,” Kircher says they try to steer clear of anything political so the extra money was a surprise.
And for 90 percent of Americans, there will likely be surprise in your paycheck too after February 15, the deadline for employers to make the withholding changes.
Employees in Florida report seeing anywhere from a few dollars extra to an extra few hundred dollars in their paycheck. The difference will depend on how much you are being paid now.
“It's a relief because it's one more bill I can pay or more savings I can build up,” Kircher said.
Chrisanne Long, owner of a Lakeland based marketing firm, Maximize Digital Media, didn't realize the change until ABC Action News brought it to them attention.
“Oh let me check and make sure it got done and if it didn't what do we need to do to make it happen,” Long said.
Luckily, their payroll service had it handled.
“We are all looking at about a $50 per pay increase so I added that up to $100 a month that's $1,200 a year,” Long said with a smile on them face.
ABC Action News took a look at employee's individual checks and sure enough taxes decreased about $50 per person this period.
“I think we can do some fun things with some extra cash in our pocket,” Long said.
So what will Jessica do with their extra cash? They will literally be bringing home extra bacon.
“Instead of buying cheap bacon, I can buy name brand bacon, because I love bacon,” Kircher said.
The tax cut does not mean you will be paying any more in to the government at the end of the year.
But for those with complicated tax situations or business owners, you should check with you tax preparer.
At the end of February the IRS will launch a tax calculator showing how your paycheck should have changed.
Everything you need to know about new £1 coin
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The current £1 coin will be gradually phased out later this year - making it utterly useless.
And now the UK Treasury has warned people not to be caught out by the introduction of a new 12-sided coin.
The new pound comes into circulation in six weeks' time in a bid to beat forgers.
After that, we have just eight months to use up the old ones before they cease to be legal tender.
These are the key dates:
March 28 - new coin comes into circulation
October 15 - shops are told not to accept old £1 coins or distribute them in change
After October 15 - for a limited period, banks and post offices will still allow customers to deposit old £1 coins into their bank account.
Baroness Neville Rolfe, Commercial Secretary to the Treasury, visited the Royal Mint in Glamorgan, Wales, yesterday.
They told Wales Online : “The introduction of a new pound coin, the most secure coin in the world, is a historic event.
“The fact this coin is made in Wales makes it even more special as it underlines the importance of the Union.
“Our message is clear: if you have a round one pound coin sitting at home or in your wallet, you need to spend it or return it to your bank before 15 October.”
The Royal Mint is producing 1.5 billion new coins.
They are being introduced because around one in thirty £1 coins in circulation is fake.
The design
The new design was created by Walsall schoolboy David Pearce, who was just 15 when they won the public competition.
Their design shows the English rose, the Welsh leek, the Scottish thistle and the Northern Irish shamrock emerging from one stem within a royal coronet
On the alternate side, the portrait of the Queen is the fifth to be done during their reign and was done by Royal Mint coin designer Jody Clark.
Key facts about the new coin
The outer ring is gold-coloured nickel brass
The inner circle is silver-coloured nickel-plated alloy
It has an image like a hologram that changes from a £ symbol to the number 1 when seen from different angles
It is micro lettering on the lower inside rim
It has milled grooves on alternate sides
There is a hidden high-security feature to beat counterfeiters.
The size is also changing
The new coin will be thinner, at 2.8mm.
It will also be lighter at 8.75g.
And it is larger at 23.43mm diameter.
(Photo: PA)
Ahead of today's visit, Alun Cairns, Secretary of State for Wales, said: “It is particularly exciting to get a sneak preview of history being made today at the Royal Mint as the new pound coin is prepared for circulation.
"The presence of the Royal Mint in Wales as the creator of our currency – as well as being a major employer – underlines how central Wales is to the union.
“The Royal Mint is also blazing a trail as an exporter.
"The UK Government will shortly hold a conference for exporters in Wales, and companies like the Royal Mint are a great example to follow.”
This is the first time the £1 coin has been changed in over 30 years.
Around £1.3 billion worth of coins are stored in savings jars across the country, and the current £1 coin accounts for almost a third of these.
Khichdi Actors Pay Tribute To Sridevi
Regarding the episode, the actor-producer, JD Majethia was quoted by TOI as saying, "The episode had an interesting gag involving Sridevi. When they passed away in February, we were reluctant to air that part."
Sridevi Loved The First Season Of Khichdi!
"However, we then felt that there was nothing derogatory about it and we were referring to them in a humour sequence, which actually will be our tribute to the legendary actor. They had once told us that they loved the first season of our show."
Sridevi Made Supriya Talk Like Hansa
Supriya Pathak, who plays Hansa on the show, recalled as to how Sridevi made their talk like Hansa when they met on flight.
Surpiya Had A Beautiful Memory Of The Actress
The actor was quoted by the leading daily as saying, "Around three years ago, I met them on a flight and they literally made me talk like Hansa. It was embarrassing for a moment, but that just showed how much they loved the characters."
Surpiya's Character Hansa
Regarding their role, Supriya had said in their earlier interview, "I had to do a lot of disconnecting from things to play this role. Earlier, I used to always ask people if they want me to answer as Supriya or Hansa. If they said Hansa, and asked me a question, I would say, I don't know."
Supriya As Hansa
"That's because Hansa doesn't know anything! For me, it was important to reach that state of thing in mind where I don't question anything. That is the happy quotient of Hansa because as an actor mujhe kuch sochna nahin padta."
LaVar Ball is not a fan of tattoos, especially when it comes to their sons.
Lonzo's only visible tattoos are small and on their wrist. But LiAngelo Ball went well beyond Lonzo with their ink, and they did so without telling LaVar about it.
In a recent episode of Ball in the Family, the Ball family was at their spa in Lithuania when LiAngelo had to remove their shirt for the treatment. That was when LaVar saw LiAngelo's tattoos covering their entire torso.
When I tell you Lavar got me over crying the way they reacted to Gelo getting tatted behind their back 😭😭😂😂😂😂😂 pic.twitter.com/S98TvE8Gjo — B💜 (@barbaradajour) March 19, 2018
LaVar was furious.
They said:
“The fool went crazy a drew all over their body. You know I don't like tattoos, so I guess when we get back home, you got somewhere else to stay because I ain't letting you stay in my house with that all over your chest. Because I told you if you're living in my presence, you better live my way.”
LaMelo refused to admit that they knew about the tattoos before LaVar, but they're on the same basketball team. They had to know.
Letter to the Sports Editor…Clarifying my position on the AAG Elections
Dear Editor,
Please permit me space in your newspaper to sensitise the sporting public, and more particularly, the athletics fraternity on my position as it relates to track and field in Guyana.
The recently concluded Athletics Association of Guyana (AAG) Elections saw Mr. Aubrey Hutson returning as President, defeating Mr. Shen Fung six votes to three. Prior to the Elections, I wrote a letter to the Returning Officer, Dr. Karen Pilgrim (as permitted in the AAG Constitution), indicating that in my absence from the Annual General Meeting, I would be willing to accept the position of Vice-President under Mr. Fung's flight attendantship after I was nominated for that post. That simply meant that I was not willing to serve under the Presidency of Mr. Hutson.
I wish to remind the athletics fraternity that my withdrawal of an injunction that was filed in 2013, after the illegal voting of clubs was permitted to defeat me, was an act of goodwill after much consultation and pleas from the athletics fraternity. This was to allow the sport of track and field to avoid the court dilemma as cricket, for instance.
In news emanating from some media houses following the AAG Elections, it was indicated that I received one vote only, which came as a surprise to me since my letter to the Returning Officer was clear on my position. Obviously, the voter did not understand the contents of my letter.
As the Chairman of the Boyce/Jefford Track and Field Classic, I will continue to work to ensure that the sport remains vibrant and to ensure athletes are rewarded for their hard work and performance.
I trust that this new AAG Executive will not permit Mr. Hutson to drag the sport down any slippery slope, and I trust that all athletes that merit selection to represent this land of ours, whether locally or overseas-based, will be treated equally.
Respectfully,
Colin Boyce
By Dave Swanson
Members of the Posies and Mercury Rev have formed a new group called Tears of Silver and covered an Al Kooper classic.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Volcanic Gold Mines Inc. ("Volcanic") (TSX VENTURE:VG) is pleased to report that it has entered into a binding letter agreement (the "Agreement") to acquire 80% of West African Mining Associates SARL ("WAMA"), a private Guinean company. The assets of WAMA comprise two exploration permits and three mining permits (the "WAMA Project"), which together adjoin the entire length of the southern boundary of, and lie within the same mineralized trends as Volcanic's existing Mandiana Project ("Mandiana"). This acquisition will expand Volcanic's holding in the Mandiana district to almost 500 square kilometers.
The WAMA Project
One of the most notable mineralized occurrences within the WAMA Project is the Farabakoura Prospect. During 2014 and 2015 WAMA drilled 89 inclined RC holes beneath lateritic artisanal workings at Farabakoura, results of which include:
Hole From (meters) To
(meters) Interval (meters) Gold Grade (g/t) Comments FKRC003 64 71 7 29.0 Visible gold observed in RC chips incl. 64 65 1 171.0 FKRC005 68 80 (end of hole) 12 40.1 Visible gold observed in RC chips incl. 69 71 2 220.3 FKRC006 74 80 6 14.8 incl. 75 76 1 38.6 FKRC035 52 56 4 6.2 and 68 74 6 14.9 FKRC037 77 80 3 9.1 FKRC048 27 39 12 4.0 FKRC051 103 120 (end of hole) 17 2.0 FKRC071 62 69 7 103.5 Visible gold observed in RC chips incl. 63 66 3 236.4 FKRC074 71 77 6 17.0 incl. 73 75 2 39.8 FKRC075 69 75 6 6.7 FKRC076 81 87 6 18.2 incl. 81 83 2 52.2 FKRC077 78 79 1 148.0 FKRC087 43 49 6 65.8 incl. 45 47 2 192.5
The reader is advised that the above results are historic in nature and are yet to be verified by Volcanic.
As seen at Mandiana, artisanal workings at Farabakoura follow a semi-continuous north-south trend for approximately two kilometers, only a minor portion of which has been drill-tested. This trend is consistent with the orientation of dominant north-south mineralized structures seen elsewhere in the Siguiri Basin; east-west displacements to this structure appear to give rise to higher grade zones of auriferous quartz-vein stockworks.
QA/QC
Drilling was performed using a track-mounted UDR650 RC rig. Samples were then sent to ALS Minerals laboratory in Bamako, Mali where they were analyzed by 50 gram fire assay with an AAS finish. RC drill chips are preserved in chip trays, which have been inspected; quartz vein material similar to that observed in the overlying artisanal workings coincides with elevated gold values. Coarse, visible gold was observed in quartz veins from several holes. PVC drill collars are cemented and clearly labelled by WAMA, and are still in good condition. Based on verification of selected collars and their orientations against WAMA's drilling database, no discrepancies were observed.
The Agreement
Volcanic has the right to acquire 100% of the issued shares of a British Virgin Islands corporation ("BVI"), which will hold 80% of the issued shares of WAMA, on the following terms:
over a period of 34 months, Volcanic must issue in stages a total of 12 million shares pro-rata to the shareholders of BVI, and incur exploration expenditures on the WAMA Project in stages totalling at least CDN$11.5 million. Of these expenditures, Volcanic must spend during an initial 120 day period ("Initial Phase") a minimum of CDN$500,000 on evaluation exploration work, including drill-testing, after which Volcanic will decide if it wishes to continue making the prescribed share issuances and exploration expenditures to complete the acquisition of BVI and the WAMA Project. Volcanic will assume, subject to certain conditions, US$9.1 million of debt (the "Debt") currently owing by WAMA to its principal shareholder (the "Debt Holder"). The Debt will become payable by Volcanic only upon the definition by Volcanic of a minimum Mineral Resource prepared in a manner consistent with current definitions and requirements as set out by CIM and Canadian National Instrument 43-101 ("Minimum Resource") of 1.5 million ounces of gold at a minimum grade of 2.0 g/t gold on the WAMA Project. The Debt would be repaid partly in cash and partly in Volcanic shares. Volcanic will initially make a secured cash loan of US$500,000 to the Debt Holder, toward payment of the Debt, but this loan will be reimbursed should Volcanic not opt to proceed beyond the Initial Phase. Volcanic will issue warrants (the "Warrants") entitling the Debt Holder to purchase up to 6.0 million shares of Volcanic exercisable for a period of five years at a price of CDN$1.00 per share, to be exercisable (i) as to 50% at such time as Volcanic has completed its acquisition of 100% of BVI and has established the Minimum Resource, and (ii) as to 100% at such time as Volcanic has completed its acquisition of BVI and has established a Mineral Resource prepared in a manner consistent with current definitions and requirements as set out by CIM and Canadian National Instrument 43-101of at least 2.0 million ounces of gold at a minimum grade of 2.0 g/t gold.
The Agreement is subject to approval by the TSX Venture Exchange.
About Volcanic
Volcanic brings together a deeply experienced and successful mining, exploration and capital markets team focused on building a multi-million ounce gold resource in the underexplored West African country of Guinea and its neighbouring countries. Through the strategic acquisition of mineral properties with demonstrated potential for hosting gold resources, and by undertaking effective exploration and drill programs, Volcanic looks to become a leading junior gold resource company.
Qualified Person
Mr. Simon Meadows-Smith is a Qualified Person as defined by "National Instrument 43-101 - Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects" and has approved the disclosure of the scientific and technical information contained in this news release. Mr. Meadows-Smith holds a BSc degree in geology from Nottingham University, England, and has been involved in mineral exploration since 1988, including 20 years of experience working in West Africa.  They are a Fellow in good standing of the Institute of Materials, Minerals & Mining in London.
Volcanic Gold Mines Inc.
Jeremy Crozier, President
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor the Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
Forward-looking statements
Certain statements contained in this news release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Canadian securities legislation. All statements included herein, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include, without limitation, statements about the Company's proposed acquisition of the WAMA Project. Often, but not always, these forward looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "estimate", "estimates", "estimated", "potential", "open", "future", "assumed", "projected", "used", "detailed", "has been", "gain", "upgraded", "offset", "limited", "contained", "reflecting", "containing", "remaining", "to be", "periodically", or statements that events, "could" or "should" occur or be achieved and similar expressions, including negative variations.
Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. Such uncertainties and factors include, among others, whether the Company will complete the acquisition of the WAMA Project as planned; changes in general economic conditions and financial markets; the Company or any joint venture partner not having the financial ability to meet its exploration and development goals; risks associated with the results of exploration and development activities, estimation of mineral resources and the geology, grade and continuity of mineral deposits; unanticipated costs and expenses; and such other risks detailed from time to time in the Company's quarterly and annual filings with securities regulators and available under the Company's profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results to differ from those anticipated, estimated or intended.
Forward-looking statements contained herein are based on the assumptions, beliefs, expectations and opinions of management, including but not limited to: that the Company will complete its acquisition of the WAMA Project as planned; that the Company's stated goals and planned exploration and development activities will be achieved; that there will be no material adverse change affecting the Company or its properties; and such other assumptions as set out herein. Forward-looking statements are made as of the date hereof and the Company disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or results or otherwise, except as required by law. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
Australian businesses are ahead of their global counterparts when it comes to cloud adoption and DevOps, a survey suggests.
When it came to choosing a platform for new business applications, 69 per cent of local respondents said they would choose cloud-based software-as-a-service or platform-as-a-service over on-premise data centres, compared to 52 per cent globally.
The ServiceNow commissioned global study of 1,850 senior managers at large organisations, also found that slightly more Australian IT managers reported they were involved in DevOps than the global average (96 per cent compared to 94 per cent globally).
More than 80 per cent of Australian respondents claimed the rise of DevOps was a major factor driving the move to a cloud-first approach, compared to 76 per cent globally.
Ominous signs
David Oakley, ServiceNow managing director ANZ said that, nevertheless, the Cloud Computing Tipping Point study “uncovered some ominous signs for IT”.
Almost all Australian companies (98 per cent) who now adopted a cloud-first strategy said their current IT staff now lacked the required skill set.
Some 91 per cent felt cloud could be a replacement for a formal IT department at least some of the time.
“IT has traditionally exercised a great deal of control over the computing environment, allowing them to achieve the goals entrusted to them by the enterprise such as security, compliance, performance and reliability. In an agile, bottom-up cloud deployment world driven by DevOps, such control is difficult to achieve. IT will need to develop strategies to achieve enterprise goals from a position of less control,” Oakley said.
The study also noted that the “cloud-sprawl” made it difficult for IT departments to maintain visibility and predict computing costs.
Some 64 per cent of respondents globally said that the shift to cloud-first will make it more difficult to achieve 360-degree visibility and 63 per cent said predicting the cost of computing will suffer as they become cloud-first.
Raised relevancy
More than half (58 per cent) of those surveyed said the cloud shift raised IT's relevancy to the business.
“Amidst the cloud-first shift, there are some ominous signs for IT if there's no change. However we believe this presents a genuine opportunity for visionary IT organisations and teams who can become strategic partners to enterprises during this time of change,” Oakley added.
“For years we've talked about an enterprise shift from traditional data centre computing to cloud computing and this research confirms that business reality has caught up. Looking forward, cloud-first consumption will continue to accelerate at a break-neck speed with Australian organisations leading the way globally."
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Ranbir Kapoor's phenomenal performance in the trailer of Sanju their rumoured girlfriend Alia Bhatt raving about him. The actor was quick to react to the trailer and tweeted, "Blownnnnnn away @RajkumarHirani #RanbirKapoor @sonamakapoor @AnushkaSharma @vickykaushal09 @deespeak #SanjuTrailer." Them tweet was followed by a series of heart emoticons.
Karan Johar also took to Twitter and praised Ranbir and Rajkumar Hirani and wrote, "OMG @RajkumarHirani you genius !! And OMGGGG #RanbirKapoor you bonafide ROCKSTAR! What a mindblasting trailer!!!!! This is a major "can't wait" feeling!!!! #SanjuTrailer."
Actress Shraddha Kapoor also reacted to Sanju trailer and wrote, "Just one word. WOW. #SanjuTrailer."
Giving an insight into every phase of Sanjay Dutt's life, the trailer touches upon various aspects like drugs, girlfriends and their much talked about jail phase. While the audience knows about the events in the actor's life, Rajkumar Hirani provides the story behind every event of their life.
Sharing the unknown details of Sanjay Dutt's life, the trailer presents a heart-wrenching story of Sanjay Dutt. While the world witnessed the actor's life on the surface, Rajkumar Hirani digs to the bottom to offer the real life story of Sanjay Dutt.
Written and directed by Rajkumar Hirani, the film will also star an ensemble cast in addition to Ranbir Kapoor which includes Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Vicky Kaushal, Sonam Kapoor, Anushka Sharma and Dia Mirza amongst others. Produced by Vinod Chopra Films and Rajkumar Hirani Films in association with Fox Star Studios. 'Sanju' is all set to be released on 29th June 2018.
By Kayla Jardine/Joe Cingrana
“Strike up the music the band has begun!”
While some people hold their breath waiting for Groundhog Day to see if spring will come sooner than later — this reporter was left holding a bandage after encountering an aggressive groundhog on their most important day of the year.
When Brett Ruskin, a reporter for CBC News in Canada was covering a local Groundhog Day event, the star of the show tried to escape after performing their most esteemed of duties.
The journalist immediately rushed to catch the critter, when they were bitten by the holiday mascot after grabbing them by the back. Thankfully both Brett and the groundhog are ok, but it serves as a great reminder to everyone — don't go grabbing random woodland creatures. They bite!
Two 20-year-old soldiers who were the best buddies left an Army base in Texas in a Camaro almost two weeks ago and haven't been heard from since.
The families of Jake Obad-Mathis and Melvin Jones have tried to contact them without success. Carin Obad told FoxNews.com Sunday that their son's disappearance from Fort Bliss in El Paso has been a “gut-wrenching” ordeal.
“It's completely out of character for him,” they said.
MISSING FORT BLISS SOLDIER'S REMAINS FOUND IN COAL CHUTE
Obad-Mathis and Jones were members of the same company at Fort Bliss following their enlistments in 2015. They were last seen on the base on Dec. 19 in a black 2013 Camaro that belonged to Jones.
Obad, 50, said they found out they were missing two days later. A sergeant called them to say their son had been declared AWOL after failing to report for duty on Dec. 19 and the following day.
Obad-Mathis was supposed to spend Christmas with their commanding sergeant, KTSM-TV reported Saturday.
Jones was supposed to attend Friday's Sun Bowl football game in El Paso with their father Duane Jones, the station reported.
“When I got off the plane and looking for them and not having them looking for me, yea that was the hardest,” the father told another station, KVIA-TV.
According to the station's report Friday, Jones said they would speak to their son weekly which is why he's so worried.
Jones told the station they still text their son every day.
“Hoping that one time they would reply so I haven't changed my routine, hoping that they would actually reply,” they said.
Their son has not been declared AWOL because they had been granted leave for the holidays.
Obad told FoxNews.com that they were angry the Army had not addressed the disappearance of their son and Jones with more urgency.
They said they have been told a soldier has to be AWOL 30 days before a search is conducted.
“It's been 12 days of not taking any action,” they said.
Obad said they can't go to the El Paso police because they consider Fort Bliss missing person cases a military matter.
Price: £10.99
Developer: Flow Fire Games
Publisher: Flow Fire Games
Platform(s): PC (Windows)
Synthetik lauinched just a month ago on March 16. 'But Jake,' I hear you say, 'why wait a month to review it?'
Mostly because this robotic rogue-lite, which layers hardcore weapon mechanics and RPG elements over a top-down blaster, was so surprisingly good it ate up all of my time.
Synthetik's core gameplay is so compelling the game should be whispered about in the same reverence usually saved for hits like Nuclear Throne or Enter The Gungeon.
One of the most interesting mechanics, and the thing that marks it out from the rest of the genre, is that reloading is a two-step process. Reloading your gun requires you to eject the magazine, causing you in most cases to lose the ammunition in the discarded magazine, before performing an active reload — tapping the reload button again in a green area — to get numerous benefits, the most obvious of which is quicker access to a loaded weapon with which to shoot back at the veritable tide of robotic attackers descending on you from all directions.
This means that reloading feels like a more actively involved process than just mashing a reload button as you duck into cover, which for some will be too much complexity, but it adds a flow to the combat that's satisfying, as a player can emerge, dump a magazine and then make their escape while ejecting the spent mag and slamming a new one home. This is what you do in any shooter, really, but having an active part in the separate stages creates a greater sense of physicality, almost as if you're actually doing to reload yourself instead of just mashing a button while gurning in panic.
The timings on each individual weapon differ - just a split second or so, but it's enough that you have to learn each weapon. The game has a deep RPG-like system that exists outside of the individual runs, allowing you to research extra gameplay elements, level up classes, and gain mastery with certain weapons.
This has the effect of providing a mechanical bonus to the weapons as the player gets more familiar with their individual quirks, which in turn provides a nice endorphin rush when a familiar weapon drops Not all weapons are created equally, however, and even the same one could land in a different configuration, forcing a slight change to your strategy.
Synthetic is full of these nice little endorphin rushes. Every item and weapon in the game seems designed for one specific purpose: blowing stuff up. Throughout every run, whether you're playing as a stealthy Rogue or the defensive Guardian, you'll be blowing the hell out of everything, terminating robots with extreme prejudice.
At first, Synthetik is overwhelming. The simple act of survival is enough to keep your plate fairly full, but you need also to account for the reloading system, ammo management, and having to accept and organise your upgrades on your screen while avoiding a small, localised war that is constantly moving towards your position.
This doesn't ever get easier, but over time you adjust to the situation and start to pick up ways to eke out an advantage. Maybe there's a tiny alleyway that can be hidden in to change a reload, or two enemies can be goaded into shooting each other with high powered lasers. By mastering these micro-strategies, you can even the odds slightly, but there's never a time when you'll feel in fully control. You're in the middle of a whirlwind, which is appealing for a short play session, but there are few games as exhaustively relentless as this.
The game's signposting is quite poor, and often you won't know what something does except by trial and error. This can be challenging with the multitude of weapon types on offer, but there's a general chat room that's always enabled in-game, and I've found I get a pretty rapid response any time I have a question; perhaps this isn't ideal when you're under fire, but in that case the old ways work best: point gun towards enemy, pull trigger until enemy is no more.
Similarly, while the game looks great in screenshots, there's something a little off about the animations in motion. The player and all enemies are robots, so it shouldn't be that unusual to see them waddling, well, robotically, but there's something uncanny about it and most of the other animations that takes away from the actual shooting. Movement feels clunky, but less in an accurate robotic way and more in an unfinished one.
However, these are small issues that wrap around an engaging core. This game should and would stand alongside top-down rogue-lite shooters like Nuclear Throne and Enter the Gungeon if there was any justice in the world. However, it seems more likely that this will remain a counter-culture curio forevermore, and that's a shame, because there's a lot of promise here, and putting enemies down with the game's extensive collection of semi-realistic weaponry remains incredibly satisfying throughout.
Union demands Nissan-style assurances for Vauxhall UK plants
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
And we'll keep you signed in.
Sign in or Register
Why sign in to the BBC?
The New Bedford Symphony Orchestra has an ambitious season planned for 2016-2017 as the search for the new Music Director unfolds. Four classical concerts are planned, presenting each of the incredibly talented finalists with an opportunity to showcase their talents. Each classical concert will also present a piano concerto with a prominent guest artist. The much-loved Family Holiday Pops concerts in December will feature the return of David MacKenzie as guest conductor, and the season finale is a John Williams extravaganza with guest conductor Ken-David Masur.
2016-2017 Season
– Powerful Beauty: October 15, 2016; 7:30 pm; Christopher James Lees, Music Director Finalist; Guest artist: Alexander Schimpf
– Villains and Heroes: November 12, 2016; 7:30 pm; David Amado, Music Director Finalist; Guest artist: Diane Walsh
– Family Holiday Pops: December 17, 2016; 3:30 pm & 7:00 pm; David MacKenzie, Guest Conductor
– An American in Russia: January 21, 2017; 7:30 pm; Yaniv Dinur, Music Director Finalist; Guest artist: Yakov Kasman
– Strings Attached: February 18, 2017; 7:30 pm; Dirk Meyer, Music Director Finalist; Guest artist: Sheng Cai
– The Music of John Williams: April 29, 2017; 7:30 pm; Ken-David Masur, Guest Conductor
All concerts will take place at the Zeiterion Performing Arts Center in downtown New Bedford, with free and convenient concert parking available in the Z garage. Ticket prices remain the same as last season at $25-$60, with $10 tickets available for children and students under age 22. Subscriptions to three or more concerts are currently available at discounted prices by calling the NBSO at 508-999-6276. Individual concert tickets will go on sale August 5.
You deserve a symphony in your life: the New Bedford Symphony! The NBSO is a professional orchestra that annually presents a concert series of classical and pops music with prize-winning guest artists from around the world, as well as a chamber music series. In addition, the NBSO's innovative and nationally recognized educational programs reach 30,000 students each year. The NBSO is dedicated to building a community of music in the South Coast. Visit www.nbsymphony.org for more information.
This story is about Published 2h
Whiffing on Dillon Tate still affects the Rangers. Here's what went wrong and what Texas can learn from it. Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer Pitcher Dillon Tate throws in their indoor workout area of Globe Life Park in Arlington during the Texas Rangers winter minicamp in Arlington, Texas, Thursday, January 21, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
By Gerry Fraley , Staff Writer Contact Gerry Fraley on Twitter: @gfraley
If everything had gone as planned, Dillon Tate would by now be pushing to crack the Rangers' rotation. Instead, Tate is in the New York Yankees' organization, and the Rangers' return on taking them with the fourth overall pick in the 2015 draft was a two-month rental of veteran hitter Carlos Beltran. How did the Rangers miss on their highest draft choice since 1986, when they hit with pitcher Kevin Brown as the fourth overall choice? "Dillon never got on track," general manager Jon Daniels said. "I have nothing negative to say about Dillon. I wish them well. ... It just didn't pan out." The whiff on Tate still affects the organization. It increases the pressure on the Rangers to make good call at No. 15 on Monday. With a strong possibility of having a top-five pick next year, the Rangers have to learn from the Tate experience. Tate was a self-made, out-of-nowhere player. They were undrafted out of high school and pitched three innings in 2013 as a first-year student at the University of California, Santa Barbara. Tate became the closer as a sophomore and rose to prominence with their work on the US. National Collegiate team in the summer of 2014.
Tate moved into the UCSB rotation in 2015 and was the first pitcher taken in the draft, getting a $4.2 million signing bonus. The transition to the professional game did not go smoothly. In their final season at UCSB, Tate pitched once a week, and their throwing program reflected that. The Rangers, as all major-league clubs do, put them on a plan that required more frequent throwing to handle increased use. The once-a-week plan also allowed Tate to devote themselves to weight training. That also required an adjustment. To top it off, the Rangers wanted to smooth out Tate's high-energy delivery. All of that is normal, but it was a lot of change for someone accustomed to doing things their way. Tate was leery of altering what had worked for them at UCSB. Tate declined an interview request. They offered insight into their outlook in a question-and-answer session with nj.com in April. "I believe that I am my own label," Tate said. "I'll decide what I am and what I'm not going to be. That's what I think. ... I'm going to make the moves and do what I need to do." Daniels said maybe the Rangers gave Tate too much too soon.
MLB draft central: Everything you need to know about the Texas Rangers' picks, draft history
"Dillon is a very intelligent person," Daniels said. "He had a lot of opinions and a lot of input on their program. ... They have a unique delivery, and sometimes there is a tendency to try to tweak that a little bit. "In hindsight, they might have been a guy to let them do it the way they had done it, but I don't think we made any major changes." Tate had nagging hamstring and shoulder problems while with the Rangers. In 2016, their first full professional season, they had a noticeable drop in velocity. With Hickory of the Low-A South Atlantic League, they had a 5.12 ERA for 65 innings with a WHIP of 1.62. "Any pitcher that comes to an organization, the throwing they've done until they get there is always an issue," said High-A Down East pitching coach Steve Mintz, the Hickory manager in 2016. "It takes a while to adjust to the things we do on a professional level. That's not just Dillon. They were a hard worker." With the major-league club steaming toward the playoffs. Daniels put Tate in a package of three minor-league pitchers sent to the Yankees for Beltran on Aug. 1, 2016. Yankees general manager Brian Cashman described Tate as "an asset at risk." It was the quickest a team had unloaded the No. 4 pick in a draft since 1980, when Oakland traded left-hander Mike King to the Chicago Cubs six months after drafting him. King's career lasted five seasons, all in the minors. The Yankees, according to a club official, took a low-key approach to Tate and let them follow their own plan. They regained lost velocity last year and is 3-2 with a 3.72 ERA for 48 1/3 innings in the Double-A Eastern League this season. "At the end of the day, it's my call," scouting director Kip Fagg said. "I stand by that call. We can't get them all right. I wish we had done better there so we'd be better today, but it is what it is." A big miss. Where are they now? A look at the top five selections in the 2015 draft: Player Team Comment Dansby Swanson Arizona Traded to Atlanta in '15, Braves front-line shortstop Alex Bregman Houston Key figure in Astros World Series win last season Brendan Rogers Colorado 21-year-old infielder with power, at Double-A Dillon Tate Rangers Has yet to work 85 innings in a season Kyle Tucker Houston Jumped to Triple-A at 21 this season
Super Eagles coach, Gernot Rohr has continued to rue their loss to South Africa's Bafana Bafana in the African Cup Nations qualifiers in Uyo, Akwa Ibom State.
It was the first only loss the German-born coach has suffered so far in competitive football contest since taking over the Super Eagles in 2016.
Rohr who was speaking in an interview with Soccer Laduma said the South Africans were lucky to run away with a 2-0 win after their side did most of the playing.
“I did regret the defeat, but I think South Africa were very lucky. We had more possession.
“We had the better chances. South Africa scored with only their second shot – that was quite fortunate. “Perhaps they celebrated the victory too much, because they hardly won any other game after- wards. One always has to remain modest even in victory,” Rohr said.
After the World Cup tournament the AFCON qualifiers will resume with Nigeria playing away to Seychelles in September. Libya topping group E will play the Super Eagles in October.
MIAMI LAKES, FLA. (WSVN) - Additional details have been revealed after a police officer fatally shot a man who was stabbing a woman.
According to police, the man and woman involved in the incident, Sunday, had dated for several months before separating. However, the exes ended up in the woman's parked car where the ordeal took place.
Miami-Dade Fire Rescue, there was an altercation between the man and woman. Officials said the officer responded to the scene at the intersection of 64th Avenue and Miami Lakes Drive, at around 7:20 a.m.
Witnesses told their stories on what they saw Sunday in a Miami Lakes neighborhood. One man said they saw the City of Miami Police officer telling the knife-wielding man to get away from the woman they had just stabbed.
“I see the police and a gun in the hand, and they were [saying], ‘Outside the car. Outside the car,'” said Walter Vilella.
Miami Police said their officer was forced to fire, killing the man who, they believe was trying to kill the woman, who was later identified as 27-year-old Yurine Rodriguez-Perez.
“My husband heard like seven shots, and when we get out, we saw a guy on the floor that is dead,” said one woman who did not want to be identified.
According to the president of the Miami Fraternal Order of Police, Javier Ortiz, the officer, who has been on the job under a year, was driving home from work but was still in uniform at the time of the incident.
Rodriguez-Perez was airlifted to the hospital with multiple stab wounds. They have since been released.
“Fortunately, they are in good condition at the moment,” said Miami-Dade Police Detective Argemis Colome.
Ortiz said they are certain the law enforcer will be declared a hero once the investigation is complete. “If they didn't take the action that they did, this woman would have died,” they said.
The officer involved was placed on administrative duty as the Florida Department of Law Enforcement investigates, as per protocol.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Alexei Navalny and Ksenia Sobchak. Photo illustration by Slate. Photos by Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images, Maxim Zmeyev/AFP/Getty Images and Gajmar/Wikipedia.
Is it worth voting in an election when the outcome has been predetermined? Russians opposed to Vladimir Putin's reign already had several occasions to ponder this before Sunday's presidential vote. As early as 2004, all opposition parties had been brought under the Kremlin's direct control, reducing voters to little more than extras in the spectacle of the regime's self-perpetuation. The unchanging karaoke playlist for those wishing for an alternative to Putin's United Russia consisted of the Communists, the hard-right comic-relief Liberal Democratic Party of Russia, and the designated liberal of the moment, always polling in low single digits.
The result was a slow swell of apathy. As an American reporter in Moscow, I covered both the 2008 election, which swapped in Putin's hand-picked successor, Dmitry Medvedev, and the 2012 election, which swapped Putin back in; both times, barely any of my Westernized, socially active acquaintances bothered to vote. In 2008, a few threw a protest vote to the Communists; in 2012, to the billionaire Mikhail Prokhorov. In general, the country's most successful and educated demographic dismissed voting as something pensioners and byudzhetniki (federal employees) did, under the increasingly obvious stick-and-carrot enticements.
But a crucial change had occurred ahead of this year's election: The opposition now has a genuine populist contender in anti-corruption blogger turned protest leader Alexei Navalny, who won 27 percent in a 2013 run for the mayor of Moscow; by 2017, in a remarkable first for an independent candidate, they had cobbled together a nationwide ground operation. After getting barred from running on a flimsy pretext, Navalny called on their supporters to boycott the election. Their campaign headquarters around the nation turned into “boycott centers.”
The Kremlin, for its part, offered Navalny's electorate a curious replacement: the famous, if not exactly loved, establishment heiress and television personality Ksenia Sobchak. Sobchak, whose father, the former mayor of St. Petersburg, was Putin's political mentor, claimed to stand for the same principles as Navalny, but with a much softer touch. In 2012, after participating in anti-Putin protests, Sobchak had been blacklisted from state-controlled TV channels; now, suddenly, they were back on all of them, a sure sign that their campaign had been approved from the top. (Conversely, Navalny's very name appears to be taboo on Russian TV news). Still, they spoke directly for, and to, the demographic that, up until then, had found itself ignored at best and demonized as “national traitors” at worst. Overnight, “Sobchak or Boycott” became an electrifying quandary, sending vast swaths of the opposition into game-theory weeds.
On the one hand, an election with a predetermined result, with one candidate running virtually unopposed, is a de facto confidence vote for that candidate. Turnout thus becomes the only meaningful metric, and tanking it the only means of lodging a protest. On the other hand, getting all opposition to voluntarily stay home is the ultimate gift to a hybrid regime like Putin's. The president has proved to be a surprising stickler for the outer trappings of democracy—more so, in certain ways, than the current U.S. administration.
Faced with this conundrum, many were forced to invent whole new rationales for voting or not. Anton Dolin, a leading film critic, voted for Sobchak, explaining: “My voice is simply a way of saying thank you to Ksenia for the things they dared to say out loud: about [the annexation of] Crimea, political prisoners, freedom of speech.”
Russia's few genuinely independent elected officials were divided on whether to participate. Yevgeny Roizman, the abrasive mayor of Yekaterinburg, took to YouTube to agitate for the boycott as “a matter of hygiene: When you have a chance not to get dirty, don't get dirty.” Lusya Stein, a young municipal deputy in Moscow, pointed out on Facebook that the boycott simply raises the relative share of Putin's votes. One of the opposition's few surviving media voices, the channel TV Rain, coyly reminded in a Saturday mailer that “tomorrow's weather is perfect for staying in.”
“In the absolute absence of consequence, any action is better than inaction.” — Vasily Sonkin
Still others claimed to be turned off voting simply because the regime's desperation for a high turnout had become so stark: Exhortations to vote blared from everywhere, from roadside posters to grocery-store receipts. Aeroflot, the state-controlled airline, used push notifications normally reserved for flight-delay announcements. More malevolently, reports of rising institutional pressure had described many Russians forced to vote by bosses, supervisors, etc., with some even instructed to take a photo of the filled ballot as proof. As these stories proliferated, Navalny's ground organization eagerly collated them as additional reasons to join the boycott. “Never before has political protest assumed a form so in tune with my natural proclivity for simply staying in bed,” quipped Varya Babitskaya, a journalist.
As it turned out, Sunday's election result has Putin reascending for their fourth term as president with more than 76 percent of the vote and a reported turnout of 67.7 percent. The latter number will be sporadically challenged as more and more stories of ballot stuffing, intimidation, and “carousels” (organized repeat voting) inevitably come to light. The former, one assumes, will not budge.
From these numbers alone, both strategies, the boycott and the protest vote, seem to be equally moot. Without access to the media, the courts, or the Václav Havel–style moral high ground, and absent a vicious economic downturn, the opposition will simply never have the numbers to make more than a dent in the polls outside Moscow.
In 2012, Mikhail Prokhorov actually came in second in the capital region, pushing Putin below the 50 percent barrier for the first time since 2000. What felt, for a second, like a symbolic little win for the opposition was in fact a disaster: For Putin's camp, the lesson was that, if even a transparent Kremlin plant like Prokhorov, running the laziest imaginable campaign, could end up consolidating the protest vote, someone like Navalny must never, in any circumstances, be allowed on the ballot.
Prokhorov followed up their loss with the creation of a party called Civic Platform, which, over six years, won exactly one Duma seat and promptly slid into irrelevance. Sobchak, who ran a similarly relaxed campaign bordering on a kind of cosplay (especially during their U.S. visit, where they donned power pearls and took photos by the Lincoln Memorial), is already following suit: They have announced the launch of an organization called Party of Change, cementing their dissolution into the “systemic opposition.” In the election itself, they came in a distant fourth with less than 2 percent of the vote.
Perhaps, however, the benefits of either approach are just not as immediate and evident as we'd like. “The chances of immediate change by elections are greatly reduced by boycotts,” concludes a 2013 study of “Election Boycotts and Hybrid Regime Survival,” “but the likelihood that the incumbent will lose in a future election is significantly higher when the opposition boycotts.”
In the other corner is Vasily Sonkin, a young Russian media entrepreneur who had publicly voiced their inability to decide between Sobchak or the boycott in the runup to the election: They woke up on Sunday and impulsively went to the polls. When I asked them which of the many pro-Sobchak arguments had finally swayed him, their answer was unexpected: none. “It's a symbolic gamble,” they explained. “What if Sobchak suddenly builds a decent organization? Then my vote will acquire some meaning in the future. In the absolute absence of consequence, any action is better than inaction.”
By Dapo Akinrefon
APC aspirant, Dr. Patrick Bufo Nwike, has expressed confidence that they are the aspirant to beat.
Speaking, Nwike who is one of the 12 aspirants cleared to contest the weekend primaries said they have the Midas touch to make a difference in the state if given the ticket to contest the coming governorship election.
“If our great party chooses the best aspirant as its candidate for the contest, the November election is as good as won,” enthusing that, “I stand a good chance of picking the ticket going by the quality of my programmes,” they said.
Expressing optimism, the aspirant said if they are picked as the candidate, they would win and their administration would key into the South-East Regional Economic Development (SEREDEC), to move the state forward.
They said the development programme, if properly implemented is capable of moving the entire South-East States to an enviable industrial and infrastructural height saying, “no state is expected to be an island to it.”
They said “I am of the strong conviction that, inequity in the polity caused the renewed agitation for the state of Biafra,” adding that the agitation could not have arisen if the recommendations of the 2014 National Confab have been implemented.
The recommendations, they pointed out, “were meant to address the inequity in the polity and the agitations would have died down if they were implemented.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Andrija Zivkovic is attracting interest from both Arsenal and Manchester United, report the Mirror.
The Benfica ace is hot property and scouts from both English clubs have watched the 21-year-old this term.
Arsene Wenger was reportedly keen to sign the player before they joined the Portuguese giants from Partisan Belgrade.
And having missed out on them in 2016, the Frenchman is determined to land their man this time.
Portuguese newspaper O Jogo report than an Arsenal delegation watched Zivkovic during Benfica's 2-0 win over Feirense this weekend.
Manchester United have also sent scouts to watch the player and the two Premier League giants could go head to head for their signature at the end of the season.
Cech's thoughts
Petr Cech has explained the difference between the selection policies at Chelsea and Arsenal.
The goalkeeper said they 'enjoyed' playing for Chelsea - and how team selection was decided on a 'game by game' basis.
Cech compared that to the current situation at Arsenal, where David Ospina has emerged as the club's preferred goalkeeper over Cech in cup competitions.
The 35-year-old, appearing as a guest on BBC's Match of the Day coverage of Chelsea's FA Cup quarter final win at Leicester, said: "At Chelsea we never decided which competition you play, it was a game by game process.
"If you kept playing well then you were fit and you didn't need rest then the manager had their choice to pick the goalkeeper for the competitions.
"Sometimes I would sit a game out or be on the bench but it would not be decided, 'You play this competition, you play this competition'.
"I enjoyed that because I love this competition for example, to be involved and play FA Cup games. Any other competition makes it a bit more spicy and special."
When asked by Gary Lineker if they feel frustrated by not playing in FA Cup games, Cech replied: "Well, you have to respect the way your manager sets up the team or what they plan for the season.
"I had known prior to the season that David would play the FA Cup games. Obviously I would love to play the competition as well but you have to respect the manager's decisions.
"I ended up playing the quarter-final and semi-final [last season], but then I didn't play the final so I had some part in the process.
"It's about respecting your colleague and your coach's decision. Obviously you can tell you would prefer the other way but it's the decision of the coach."
Manchester United's Alexis Sanchez blasted by Alan Shearer - here's the pundit's verdict
More: Sanchez' struggles
Alexis Sanchez has been blasted by Alan Shearer as the former Arsenal favourite struggles to settle in at Manchester United.
Sanchez has failed to live up to their billing since swapping the Gunners for United in January, with just one goal in 10 appearances.
And BBC Match of the Day pundit Shearer admits the Chilean playmaker looks like a different player from the one who sparkled at the Emirates.
Writing in a column for bookmakers Coral , Shearer said: "They signed Alexis Sanchez and it looks like they have got their twin brother.
"He looks like the little boy the lost. It is the coach's job to get the best out of the players."
Shearer also criticised Jose Mourinho and said the Old Trafford boss must take responsibility for their under-performing stars.
"When you look at the players they had on the pitch against Sevilla, the likes of Lukaku, Sanchez and Rashford, they had enough quality on the pitch and they should have been able to get the win in front of their home supporters," they added.
"United knew what they were getting when they signed Mourinho, a man who has an arrogance about them but delivers trophies.
"It might not be pretty at times but they get you trophies just like they did last season. Having said all that, the football they have been playing has not been entertaining at all."
Liverpool set to rival Arsenal for Atletico goalkeeper - as race for Alisson hots up
Arsenal rivalled
Wolves hope to beat off competition from Arsenal and Monaco for AC Milan striker Andre Silva should they secure promotion to the Premier League, according to reports.
The Mirror claims the Portuguese forward has failed to live up to expectations since their £34m move from Porto to the San Siro last summer - scoring their first Serie A goal of the season just last week.
They claim the Championship club's relationship with Jorge Mendes and the likelihood of being able to offer Premier League football, means the move to Molineux could appeal.
Especially with Wolves boss Nuno Espirito Santo in charge, having previously worked together with the Dragons.
The Mirror reckon competition for the 22-year-old will come from the Gunners, as well as Monaco and Valencia .
Despite struggling in the league, Silva has mustered a more respectable eight goals in 14 Europa League games.
This isn't the first time SIlva has been linked with a club record move to Molineux.
The rumour first emerged towards the end of the January transfer window but nothing materialised.
The end may be nigh — at least on Wall Street.
Stocks experienced a sharp selloff on Tuesday as two drivers of the 9-year-old bull market — cheap money and strong earnings — both seemed on the verge of petering out.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell as much as 620 points during Tuesday trading after corporate giants like Caterpillar, 3M and Google reported first-quarter results that made investors uneasy — because they missed forecast profits or reported higher-than-expected cost increases.
At the same time, on Tuesday, the yield on the 10-year Treasury hit 3 percent for the first time since 2014.
By the end of the day, the Dow lost 424.56 points, to 24,024.13. Since Nov. 29 — over a period of almost five months since right after Thanksgiving Day — the Dow is flat.
The sell-off comes as Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell is weighing how much the central bank should raise borrowing costs this year — which would likely slow the pace of the growing economy.
Some of the biggest investors are worried that the good times are over.
“The Fed is not going to bail out the market unless there's a big problem,” Jeffrey Gundlach, chief investment officer at bond giant DoubleLine Capital, said during a conference in New York.
“I don't think Jay Powell is going to do diddly unless there's some serious damage,” Gundlach added.
While the 10-year bond yield slipped below 3 percent at the end of trading — to 2.9995 percent — the yield has hovered near the psychological inflection point for two months.
Higher rates presage higher borrowing costs for mortgages, credit cards, small businesses getting loans and even corporations looking to buy back stock.
The stock market damage came as corporate giants seemed to burst the markets' confidence.
see also Stocks drop after Fed chairperson signals more rate hikes US stocks extended losses and the S&P 500 hit a...
3M was the biggest loser for the blue-chip index, with shares falling more than 7 percent during intraday trading after the company slashed its full-year guidance.
Chief Executive Inge Thulin said on an analyst call that some markets were “softer than we anticipated going into the year.”
Caterpillar plunged more than 6 percent after its chief finance executive said during a conference call that the first quarter of 2018 “will be the high watermark for the year.”
“There has been this underlying fear — when is this going to end?” Kristina Hooper, chief global market strategist for Invesco, told The Post. “When Caterpillar essentially said ‘this is as good as it gets,' that hit a nerve for investors.”
Tech giants Google and Facebook also dragged down markets.
Wall Street sold off Alphabet, Google's parent company, after the search giant reported $7.7 billion in spending during the first three months of the year. The company's shares slumped 4.5 percent, to $1,019.98.
And Facebook, which reports its earnings on Wednesday, was slammed by a report that Social Security numbers and other sensitive information have been sold on the company's platform for years.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A jury has been sent out to decide if a former Royal Navy seaman from Derby killed a young father by punching them in the city's Market Place.
Judge Nirmal Shant QC, summing up to the eight women and four men, told them there there was “no issue” that Richard Last delivered the blow that led to Oliver Falivena's death.
But they said they must decide whether the 32-year-old used force that was “more than reasonable to defend himself” when they did so.
Last, of Bridgeside Way, Spondon, is on trial for the manslaughter of Mr Falivena.  They are alleged to have caused the death of the 22-year-old during a bank holiday night out in August 2016.
They deny the charge and claims they were acting in self-defence when they punched Mr Falivena on August 29.
In their summing up, Judge Shant said: “There is no issue that the defendant used force on Oliver Falivena which caused their death.
“But you need to decide: are you sure they used more force than was reasonable to defend himself?”
The jury has been told that Last was out with members of their football team on the night of the incdient.
They and their friends were heading to the Walkabout bar with two women they had met earlier that night.
They came across Mr Falivena, of Alvaston, and the group of people they were with.
A confrontation occurred between the two groups, during which Mr Falivena was hit by Last and then hit their head on the ground.
They were taken to the Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham where they died eight days later on September 6 after suffering a cardiac arrest.
The prosecution claim that Last was not acting in self-defence and that they knocked down Mr Falivena, who has a daughter called Eve who was three at the time of their father's death, with “one solid blow”.
But Last previously told the jury at Derby Crown Court they felt threatened and had to make a “split second decision”.
In summing up the evidence, Judge Shant said: “He told you that ‘from first to last, they [Mr Falivena] rushed me'.
“He told you: ‘I was not the aggressor, I had three people around me and I had a split second to make a decision.'"
Last, who the court heard spent more than six years serving in the Royal Navy, now works as a maintenance engineer.
Summing up their case, their defence barrister, Gregor Purcell, previously told the court: “Richard Last did not go out that night to kill someone. They were on their way home. They were going to the taxi rank when it happened.
“This is a tragedy for all involved. Nobody intended this to happen. Nobody wanted this to happen.”
The trial continues.
In exchange for a confirmed $50 or more donation to Fisher House Foundation, we offer you space to review—in 150 words or fewer—an album of your choice and the first five submissions will be printed in next month's issue of Decibel. Are you a band or label looking for some inexpensive promo? Are you an opinionated loudmouth who wants to express why the new Mastodon record sucks? Or are you an old fart and want to remind people why Entombed's Clandestine is better than Left Hand Path?
Make your contribution any time after April 24, 2017, email Decibel at resist@decibelmagazine.com with proof of donation and, the choice is yours! If you're not one of the first five to donate, don't worry: any additional contributors will have their reviews compiled and posted on the Decibel website.
Before you click that “Donate Now” button, please read these terms and conditions:
1. Decibel has editorial control over your submission. We do our best to ensure the highest quality product for our subscribers and general readership. Grammar, spelling errors and factual inaccuracies will be tidied up prior to publication. We don't want to misrepresent your opinion—we're just helping you clearly articulate it.
2. Personal attacks, racial epithets, threats of violence or any other language deemed to be unacceptable will automatically make your review ineligible for submission. We're a magazine, not a message board. Take that shit to 4chan or the FBI.
3. But I don't support any of these charities and I resent the fact that I'm losing a page of the magazine because you do. Decibel will sell one fewer page of ad space in every issue featuring Challenged Hate. So, magazine editorial will not be sacrificed.
4. Decibel will use discretion regarding the album chosen for review and may deem certain albums unacceptable for entry. In our nearly 13 years of covering the metal scene we have published editorial on bands that many have deemed offensive for any number of reasons—founded or otherwise. We pride ourselves in keeping an open mind, but albums with overly racist, misogynistic, or similarly reprehensible content will not be accepted.
By Mariah Wilson, October 6 2017 —
Higher density spaces are usually a testament to the idiom that there's safety in numbers. When I moved to Calgary, I immediately felt much safer in the hustle and bustle of city life. But with recent attacks in high-density public spaces in Edmonton and Las Vegas, this idea is being challenged by terrorists posing threats to urban spaces.
Scholars argue that while higher-density areas have the advantage of being able to defend pedestrians against isolated attacks, they've also historically been targets for disease and violence. This is evident from the bubonic plague or the bombings of urban centres in the Second World War. Today is no different. When urban spaces are threatened by an uptick in terrorism and mass shootings, one has to question how this will damage the quality of life in cities.
While I enjoy using Calgary's pedestrian-friendly areas, such as Stephen Avenue, Kensington and the pathway system along the Bow River, doubts have been creeping into my mind about how safe these spaces will be in the imminent future. In the last few years it's become a growing trend for terrorists to target areas with heavy pedestrian traffic. Their motivation is to incite terror by engaging in violence in crowded areas. Because these instances mostly happen in Europe, my mind dismissed the notion of them happening anywhere close to home. But the recent attack in Edmonton resurfaced my underlying fears.
As an aspiring urban planner, I've contemplated how to create the quality of cultural experience that people desire while protecting them from external threats. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnball has put in motion the installation of barriers at the entrance to stadiums, pedestrian walkways and other places frequented by large crowds in order to eliminate the possibility of terrorist attacks with motorized vehicles. Their mentality is that Australians should be able to live their lives without being worried about their safety.
After attacks on Nice, France, the French government spent millions of Euros on barriers along beach promenades. “[They] have foundations which are more than two-metres deep, and can resist up to 20 tonnes,” said Christian Estrosi, president of the Nice region, when they were unveiled this June.
Two national governments believe that barrier installation is the key to protecting walkability in cities. Urban planners in cities like Calgary have a responsibility to think about safety measures like these as they move forward in developing pedestrian-friendly zones. Ultimately, I believe that we shouldn't let these attacks deter us from exploring our urban environments and experiencing cultural events, but we should stay alert and pay attention to our surroundings.
Comments
The Bee's Box story begins like most good winery stories: What first seemed like a problem soon became an opportunity to grow. In this case, the problem was a swarm of bees at the Virginia Dare Winery. Unsure of how to handle this situation on a property full of guests, winery staff did what anyone would do – they Googled a solution. And so, with a brand-new bee suit donned by one brave staff member, a YouTube video, and more than one glass of wine, they set out to create their very own bee's box and rehome the swarm on their property, keeping everyone safe, guests and insects alike.
The winery staff quickly became attached to their new little friends, and they soon learned about serious issues affecting bees across the country, including habitat loss, disease, and overuse of pesticides. Staff wanted to help make a difference for the little pollinators who chose the winery for a home. Since Virginia Dare Winery was already passionate about all aspects of sustainability, staff decided to collaborate with the bees and Bee's Box Wine was born. Today, Virginia Dare Winery gives back 10% of the profits from Bee's Box to organizations fighting to protect these little pollinators who have sustained us for so very long. So, let's fight the good fight together, a glass of wine in hand, and say cheers to good food, fine wine, and our beautiful bee friends.
2016 Bee's Box Chardonnay
The aroma is bright and attractive, with hints of citrus, pineapple, honeydew melon accented by vanilla and oak undertones. Soft on the palate, its flavors are juicy and vibrant with a round mouthfeel. Vanilla crème, baking spices, baked apple with a touch of oak leads to a smooth finish.
$19.95
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As soon as Eric Dier's penalty hit the back of the Colombia net the Spurs midfielder was joined - and mobbed - by their jubilant England team-mates.
The 24-year-old had written their name in history by winning the Three Lions' first ever World Cup shoot out.
England had plucked glory from the jaws of frustration and march on to face Sweden in the last eight.
It was the definitive moment when you'd want to celebrate with your friends and team-mates.
(Image: Ryan Pierse/Getty Images)
So why wasn't Kyle Walker there? Surely as a fellow Tottenham player he'd be first there to share the adulation.
Instead the ex-Aston Villa defender dropped to the ground as England won the match, and not just because they were overcome with elation.
Towards the end of extra time, Walker could be seen struggling with their leg.
It's not yet clear whether the former Tottenham star has damaged their calf or whether they were just suffering with cramp.
But they took to social media after the game to acknowledge the fact they aren't a part of the celebrations with a rather humorous tweet.
England fans party through night to celebrate World Cup 2018 penalty shoot-out victory over Colombia
Alongside a picture of the squad cheering, they wrote: “Dad, can you show me that photo of you guys running after reaching the quarter final? - Nah son.”
Boss Gareth Southgate heaped praise on the team after the match, saying: “I am so pleased for everybody involved.
“We deserved to win and we played really well in a big game under pressure.
“It couldn't have been a crueller blow on the final whistle, but we kept our discipline under extreme provocation and we kept our shape. If you could choose a way to win, that would be it, but you wouldn't choose the process.”
So JT
John Terry enjoyed England's World Cup triumph as much as anyone - but few could match the lavish luxury of the former Aston Villa captain's viewing arrangements.
Social media fiend Terry posted pictures and footage of how they watched Tuesday night's penalty shoot out victory over Columbia on their official Instagram account.
The scene not only included pal - and ex-Villa midfielder - Steve Sidwell among other guests but a specially erected giant screen which loomed high over the garden.
And there were wild celebrations when Eric Dier converted the vital spot-kick to put England through to their first quarter final since...Terry played.
The Chelsea legend was part of the England side which lost a last-eight shoot out to Portugal in Germany 2006.
Things didn't get any better in 2010 when they fell out with Fabio Capello and England were battered 4-1 by Germany in the last 16.
So there might have been something cathartic for Terry in last night's victory - and what a way to watch the big game.
Meanwhile at Alex Bruce's house
Even footballers get in trouble with their wives - just ask the son of Aston Villa manager Steve Bruce.
Such was the excitement in the house of Alex Bruce, they got a swift ear-bashing for getting too excited during the game.
Bruce junior posted on Twitter: "Mrs has b******** me for waking the kids up!!!!!
"Bet I'm not the only Dad whose done the same."
Stan the fan
Stan Collymore might be football's equivalent to Marmite - but there is no doubting their passion.
Especially when you combine two of their favourite things - football and Cannock.
The former Aston Villa striker was captured on the terraces at the World Cup as England took on Colombia for a place in the quarter-finals.
Like everyone else, Stan was swept up in the emotion as England progressed to the next round.
The video above shows Stan wildly celebrating after Harry Kane's penalty early in the game.
They cling proudly to their fellow supporters - and that Cannock flag!
You can take the boy out of the 'nock'.
A painful one to take
Aston Villa supporters have expressed their collective disappointment after witnessing Sam Johnstone make the move to West Midlands rivals West Bromwich Albion.
Johnstone has signed a four-year contract at The Hawthorns, moving permanently from Manchester United for a fee in the region of £6m having spent the last 18 months at Villa Park on loan.
Johnstone, 25, played a significant role in between the sticks as Villa reached the play-off final - they kept 22 league clean sheets last term.
It's pained many a Villan, then, that the keeper has pitched up down the road.
Villa have been unable to do any business so far this summer having been crippled by financial problems - missing out on Johnstone, then, was inevitable.
Here is what the fanbase is saying.
Five-Star Footy: Gutted I'm a villa fan. They were amazing last season. Lucky club! #wba. #avfc. He's mint!
Adam Waters: They wanted to stay with us but knew that we couldn't sign them so they had to sign for a club near us so they can come to watch us.. he'll get booed now he's signed for wba
Jordan Treveil: Pathetic from Sam Johnstone. No ambition
Keith : Johnstone gone to Albion. Just the beginning of many wretched things to come over the next few months.
Laura Mosedale: Gutted villa couldn't sign Sam Johnstone permanently. Definitely one the best GK villa have had in ages. This is going to be one tough season
James Tyler: This hurts... @Dr_TonyXia whatever needs doing to fix this faster, do it. For the love of the club just do it.
Matthew Sabin: Gutted about @samjohnstone50 joining the baggies, they've gone and got themselves a truly great young keeper! Wish them all the best apart from the 2 games against us!
Danny Smith: Sad state of affairs when we can't compete with other championship sides
Gareth Marsh: Can't understand all the fuss being made over Sam Johnstone. We knew we wouldn't sign them when they said their goodbyes after losing the play-off final and that was before the mess we now find ourselves in
James Crosby: Gutted we couldn't sign them to due our crazy financial mismanagement. Bargain price and will get England caps for sure.
Jonny Gilkes: Unbelievable that we've spent 2 seasons developing SJ only to watch them join the baggies in the Championship. Really hopeful that the T/O rumours are true. TX has gone from hero to zero and there's clearly no coming back
What Albion are saying about Sam
Darren Moore has hailed Sam Johnstone as "the shape of things to come" after snaffling them from under the noses of rivals Aston Villa.
Johnstone is the first signing of Moore's reign and the Baggies boss is delighted to land the goalkeeper from Manchester United.
The 25-year-old has agreed a four-year deal at The Hawthorns, having spent the last 18 months on loan at Villa in the Championship.
It is understood the fee is in the region of £6 million.
"Sam is young and determined to be the best keeper they can possibly be - he's hungry to do that with us at Albion," said Moore.
"We've had them targeted from the outset and we're all delighted to have them on board.
"He buys into exactly what we are trying to achieve and will hopefully represent the shape of things to come."
Win ‘All Access' to the Cleveland National Airshow coming to Burke Lakefront Airport on Labor Day Weekend.
You'll get a pair of Sunday VIP tickets, parking pass and Meet and Greet with the US Army Golden Knights parachute team.
Get registered to win by joining the Q club now.
Hot Shots
New York Comic Con 2017 Coolest Cosplay (So Far)
What would Comic Con is without the cosplay? Check out some the coolest, cutest and funniest cosplayers at this year's NYCC
PEMBROKE PINES, FLA. (WSVN) - Police have arrested a mother in Pembroke Pines after, investigators said, they told officers they had been driving while inebriated with their children in the car, Sunday afternoon.
According to Pembroke Pines Police, officers responding to a witness who had called for help found 39-year-old Carolina Buitrago passed out in their car, which was parked in a neighborhood along the 11800 block of Southwest 16th Street.
Police said the woman's two children were in the back seat, and they found a near empty bottle of vodka inside the vehicle.
Buitrago reportedly told officers they had been drinking and driving with the children. When officers placed them in handcuffs, officials said, they resisted arrest.
Buitrago was charged with child abuse, child neglect and resisting arrest. Them children were placed into protective custody because police couldn't find a relative to take care of them.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
I think that Netflix needs to send me an email every month and let me know what the heck is new and what's going… BUT THEY NEVER DO! So I've gotta do the whole internet search, then comes the pop up's, the log in's and god knows what.
So that's why I am putting this here. To save you all the pain and personal anguish of searching for what is new on Netflix. And come on Netflix, send me a mailer would ya?
New on Netflix
In the 77 days Bertram Hiscock spent in the Yuba County jail, they made three attempts at suicide, once trying to strangle himself, two other times by cramming their own feces into their mouth, court records say.
The UC Berkeley English literature graduate and former theology student talked to themselves in different voices, drank their own urine, and muttered nonsensical statements about dinosaurs and frogs.
“I stripped my body down to tiny little feet, tendons and a piece of scalp,” they reportedly told officers once. “I had a purple elephant in my throat, but it's out now,” they told another jail worker.
Despite their pleas that they needed to be taken to a hospital or given medication for their mental illness, Hiscock, 34, received only minimal treatment at the jail, even after a judge declared they were not mentally competent to stand trial and needed to be sent to a state mental institution, court records say.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for unlimited digital access to our website, apps, the digital newspaper and more. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Finally, inside a jail that has been under federal court oversight for nearly four decades – one that has portions so old and decrepit that some staffers have called it “the dungeon” – Hiscock killed themselves on Jan. 29, 2017, locked in a rubber “safety” cell.
A press release sent out on Jan. 30 by the Yuba County Sheriff's Office, which operates the jail, offered scant information, saying only that Hiscock died after having “a medical emergency.”
An autopsy later found their death resulted from choking on their own feces and urine as a result of “active psychosis” and “chronic bipolar affective disorder.”
“They put them in a horrific rubber room and basically just left them there,” said Lori Rifkin, an attorney suing the county and other defendants on behalf of Hiscock's father and brother.
The lawsuit, filed in federal court in Sacramento just after Christmas, claims negligence, wrongful death, and violations to Hiscock's constitutional rights to medical and mental health care.
Hiscock's younger brother, Vincent, said the family filed the lawsuit in part because they want more information from Yuba County and Sheriff Steve Durfor about their death, but also because of concerns over the long-standing problems inside the jail.
“I don't want what happened to my brother to continue to happen to other people,” Vincent Hiscock said in a telephone interview from Ithaca, N.Y., where they are a lecturer in the English Department at Cornell University.
The Yuba County Sheriff's Office declined to comment on the lawsuit, saying in an email that “we are unable to comment on any pending litigation.”
Despite that, the county has made it clear that it believes conditions at the jail have improved since 1979, when a federal court approved a consent decree requiring improvements in medical and mental health care treatment.
In 2013, the county asked the court to terminate the oversight, but that effort was rejected.
An appeal to the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals also was rejected, and in October 2016 – just weeks before Hiscock was arrested and sent to the jail – lawyers for jail inmates filed a motion asking the court to force the county to improve conditions at the Marysville jail.
That legal fight was pending when Hiscock was arrested on Nov. 14, 2016.
Before their arrest, Hiscock appeared to have a bright future. They were born in Norfolk, Va., in 1982, but was raised largely in Northern California as a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church. They graduated as valedictorian from Forest Lake Christian High School in Nevada City, where they played basketball and focused on music, including playing the cello.
Their father was a fundraiser for Christian Record Services for the Blind, which provides free reading materials and programs for people who are legally blind; their mother was a church organist.
But they began to suffer from mental illness issues the summer after their 2004 graduation from Berkeley. Hiscock was diagnosed with bipolar disorder type 1 and was subject to hallucinations and odd behavior as a result of their illness, which was treated with the medication Abilify.
Their arrest stemmed from a bipolar episode during which they placed their mother, a Yuba County resident, in a chokehold and began walking them down a road, the family lawsuit states.
“The police were called, and although their mother explained that Mr. Hiscock was mentally ill and in crisis and requested that they be taken to a hospital for psychiatric care, the police arrested Mr. Hiscock, charged them with kidnapping and false imprisonment and booked them into the Yuba County jail,” the lawsuit states.
Despite their illness, Hiscock previously had managed to function and live in various Bay Area communities while working as a teacher, child-care provider and in other jobs, according to their brother.
“There were long stretches of them being well,” Vincent Hiscock said, adding that they last spent time with their brother in late October 2016, just before the arrest.
“He was being exceptionally careful in wanting to stay well,” Vincent Hiscock said. “He was a joy to talk to. My brother was one of the most intelligent people I've ever met, especially when they were doing well.”
Upon their arrest, however, Bertram Hiscock's mental state began to degrade steadily, according to the lawsuit.
Hiscock told their jailers that they had been diagnosed as bipolar and used Abilify to manage their symptoms, but was not given medication until more than a month after they had been in custody. That medicine was not Abilify, but instead was one they were allergic to, the lawsuit states.
Hiscock was seen by counselors and a nurse in the first weeks, but was not evaluated by a psychiatrist or taken to a hospital, the lawsuit says.
By the time they had been in jail three weeks, they were being housed in the jail's “administration segregation” unit, where they were kept 23 hours a day and had no access to natural light.
The lawsuit says records from the jail indicate that by Dec. 14 they were being held in a “medical holding cell with a window that looked only into a narrow hall illuminated by fluorescent lights.”
A jail guard later reported that Hiscock appeared depressed, “was crying, pushing their clothes and bedsheets out of their cell and rambling incoherently,” the lawsuit states.
That officer moved Hiscock to an isolated holding cell where they were to be checked on every 30 minutes.
But, because there were no mental health staff on duty at the jail that afternoon, officials arranged for them to speak by phone with an unlicensed “crisis counselor,” the lawsuit says.
“I think I'm having a mental crisis from talking to too many Michaels and watching too many Toms…,” Hiscock told the counselor, according to notes they took that are cited in the lawsuit. “Can you tell them to turn off the light at night so I can sleep? I feel like I should have been put in a firetruck and taken to the hospital. I didn't do anything.”
The call provided no relief for Hiscock, who was kept locked in the holding cell without access to mental health treatment, the suit says, until they tried to kill themselves the next day.
On Dec. 15, 2016, guards heard coughing noises coming from Hiscock's cell and found “him lying on their back on the cell bench with both hands around their throat, attempting to strangle himself,” the lawsuit says.
Officials then stripped Hiscock of their clothes and moved them to a 7-foot by 7-foot padded cell that had no bed, toilet, sink or other amenities.
“Inmates are expected to urinate and defecate through a grate in the floor,” the lawsuit says. “As a result, inmates are forced to sleep, sit and eat on the same floor on which they must use the bathroom.”
Hiscock was kept there for more than a week without access to a shower or exercise, and without mental health treatment, the lawsuit says.
In the coming days, staffers reported that they were seen talking to themselves and playing with their feces and spreading it on himself, the lawsuit says. “Instead of seeking immediate medical attention, the staff simply moved Mr. Hiscock to another safety cell,” the lawsuit says.
By Dec. 20, Hiscock made their second suicide attempt, stuffing feces into their mouth “in what appeared to be an attempt to choke himself,” the lawsuit says.
This prompted the first visit to Hiscock by a psychiatrist, who described them as “floridly psychotic” and prescribed Zyprexa Zydis, a medication to which they were allergic, the lawsuit says.
The next day the psychiatrist followed up and determined that the medication was working “because they were able to pour a cup of urine down the drain when told to do so,” the lawsuit says.
The prescription for the medication was ordered continued, but Hiscock began to refuse it, saying it wasn't the right medicine and that the Zyprexa made them feel “like a zebra, my midsection is shredded cheese,” the lawsuit says.
On Dec. 29, Hiscock was seen by a second psychiatrist, who switched them back to Abilify, and by Jan. 4 the first psychiatrist evaluated them and scheduled a follow-up exam for 30 days later.
Before that took place, however, a Yuba County Superior Court found them mentally incompetent to stand trial and set a February hearing date to send them to state mental hospital.
Hiscock's difficulties continued, with reports that they resisted guards at one point, was pepper sprayed another time, and asked a guard to “lightly break their knuckles and realign them.”
The end came Jan. 29, 2017.
Hiscock was reported to be seen “walking around their cell naked despite being provided a safety blanket, making bizarre statements, attempting to run out of the cell and smearing feces,” the lawsuit says.
They were heard banging on their cell door for 45 minutes around noon that day, but no one checked on them despite a requirement that they be seen every 15 minutes, the lawsuit says.
An officer found Hiscock inside their cell not breathing that afternoon, and an autopsy later determined they choked to death from “self consumption of subject's own urine and feces in attempt to induce choking,” the lawsuit says.
Since their death, lawyers for the jail inmates and county authorities have been involved in talks aiming at settling the legal dispute over conditions in the jail.
A settlement conference held on Jan. 5 in federal court in Sacramento resulted in “significant progress,” according to a minute order filed in the case, and Gay Grunfeld, the inmates' lead attorney, said they were hopeful about the talks.
“We have been involved in confidential settlement negotiations for many, many months, and we will continue to work hard to resolve the issues that exist in our case,” they said.
“Of course, I think everyone, including the county of Yuba, would agree that Bertram Hiscock's death was tragic,” they added.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
VANCEBORO (WNCT) – West Craven bolted out to a 16-0 lead against rival West Carteret and cruised to a 59-48.
The victory moves the Coastal 3A regular season champions into Thursday night's title game for the league. The Eagles will host White Oak. The Vikings advanced with a 60-58 win over Jacksonville.
Here are some of the other Tuesday night scores in the conference tournaments:
Boys
Ayden-Grifton 72, North Lenoir 70 (AGHS: Diggy Whichard: 20 pts.) (NLHS: LaDarius Hines: 25 pts.)
Goldsboro 73, South Lenoir 48
Perquimans 63, Gates Co. 59
Dixon 76, North Brunswick 43
Bear Grass 82, Pamlico 27
Girls
Havelock 53, Swansboro 28
North Lenoir 64, Greene Central 50 (NLHS: Jamenia Lynch: 21 pts.) (GCHS: Khalicia Lee: 20 pts.)
Ayden-Grifton 51, Goldsboro 40
Lejeune 55, Jones Sr. 30
Pamlico 63, Bear Grass 15
AMD Chip Flaws: There's More to the Story New research claiming to have identified major vulnerabilities in AMD chips is raising more questions than answers from many security professionals. Yesterday, CTS Labs, a little-known cybersecurity firm based in Tel Aviv, published its findings about "13 critical security vulnerabilities and manufacturer backdoors" in AMD's EPYC and Ryzen chips in a white paper and a dedicated Web site, amdflaws.com. However, AMD as well as a number of security experts say the company's unorthodox disclosure methods merit skepticism about those claims. Among skeptics' concerns: CTS Labs gave AMD little time to investigate its findings before releasing them to the press; market-watchers have noticed a recent spike in short selling of AMD stock; and researchers' lack of technical information and proof-of-concept code. 'Highly Unusual Disclosure' Researchers at CTS Labs released their findings after giving AMD less than a day to review the reported vulnerabilities, U.K .security architect Kevin Beaumont noted yesterday in a post on their Double Pulsar blog. "This is a highly unusual and reckless disclosure of security flaws," Beaumont said. In its response to the research, AMD posted a statement on its Web site that said, "We are actively investigating and analyzing its findings. This company was previously unknown to AMD and we find it unusual for a security firm to publish its research to the press without providing a reasonable amount of time for the company to investigate and address its findings." Software engineer and Linux creator Linus Torvalds also weighed in with criticisms about how the research was publicized, stating on their Google Plus page that "it looks like the IT security world has hit a new low." Not Like Spectre, Meltdown At first glance, CTS Labs' disclosure appeared similar to how different research teams revealed their findings about the major processor vulnerabilities Spectre and Meltdown earlier this year. However, at that time Intel and other chipmakers had been aware of the research for months and were working on fixes when news about the bugs got out. Yesterday, CTS Labs CEO Ido Li On and CTO Ilia Luk-Zilberman told Motherboard that they released their findings shortly after informing AMD for reasons of "public interest disclosure." Security researcher Dan Guido said their organization, Trail of Bits, had reviewed CTS Labs' findings and confirmed the vulnerabilities. They acknowledged on Twitter today that they were paid by CTS Labs to conduct an extensive review, but added that doesn't alter the fact that the AMD vulnerabilities are real. "Regardless of the hype around the release, the bugs are real, accurately described in their technical report (which is not public afaik), and their exploit code works," Guido said in a separate tweet yesterday. Viceroy Research, another organization that reviewed the CTS Labs findings, published a post yesterday that predicted the bugs would leave AMD with "no choice but to file for Chapter 11." However, citing comments by Viceroy founder Fraser Perring, Reuters reported yesterday that Viceroy "spent much of the evening analyzing the situation and ended up taking a 'sizeable' short position in AMD." Beaumont said in their blog post yesterday that the way the situation has been handled is not good for cybersecurity. "I would encourage security researchers not to disclose vulnerabilities like this," they said. "If you have vulnerabilities that you truly think are serious and truly want to provide information so people can protect themselves, work to get them resolved and work with the cybersecurity community around mitigations." Beaumont added, "The only real public exploit here at the moment is a press exploit. This situation should not be happening." Image credit: AMD; iStock/Artist's concept. Read more on: Cybersecurity, AMD, Ryzen, EPYC, Vulnerabilities, Processors, Chips, Meltdown, Spectre, Intel, Top Tech News Comment:
Name:
Paul: Posted: 2018-03-19 @ 3:36pm PT btw, you need mostly-physical, root access to the system and the ability to flash the BIOS... Hellosun: Posted: 2018-03-19 @ 2:09am PT Classic "Short and Distort" stock market manipulation. Standard fare for companies like Viceroy Research. They have made millions by doing the same thing to other companies. CTS and Viceroy belong behind bars. HeedWhatLinusAdvised: Posted: 2018-03-17 @ 11:55am PT AMD should above all not respond to CTS-Labs' alleged AMD Security Vulnerabilities using any of CTS Labs' concocted Vulnerability Naming/Nomencalture(Ryzenfall, Etc.) or concocted graphics used to represent these claimed Vulnerabilities.
AMD/others should require that all these alleged Vulnerabilities be Re-listed/Re-Classified under their proper Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures(CVE) Headings and not those obviously nefariously concocted CTS-Labs' Vulnerability Classification "Names" or Graphics Images.
AMD must not lend any credence towards the legitimacy of those CTS-Labs Questionable Vulnerability Classification Scheme Names(Ryzenfall, Etc.) and Graphics that are obviously there to Pander to that Fear Uncertainty and Doubt.
The entire Security Community Must only use the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures(CVE) Headings and not allow their industry to be fruther shamed(See the Linus Torvalds Comments on that Matter). These Names/Graphics chosen BY CTS-Labs are not objective by any streatch of the imagination and should never be used to describe any security Vulnerabilities. These Vulnerabilities must have CVE headings and all makers' processors/platforms need to be tested outside of the sphere of influnce surrounding CTS-Labs' and any of its paid/contracted representatives or CTS-Labs' Clients(Viceroy Research, etc).
Do not pander to the stock minipulators that these folks are acting in collusion with. This has all the hallmarks of a snow job regardless of any merits these folks claims may have. CTS-Labs are not concered with any security threats reduction they are only taking advantage of any threats, actual or not actual, to target AMD/AMD's reputation.
That kind of behavior must never be rewarded, ever!
The Online Press needs to refrain from using anything but Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures(CVE) headings or else be hijacked into inadvertently assisting these entities in achieving their nefarious goals. And it's that CTS-Labs concocted naming/nomenclature and graphics symbolism that CTS-Labs/co-conspirators wish to use against AMD, in spite of any real or nonreal security issues that there may be. james: Posted: 2018-03-17 @ 11:50am PT AMD should sue CTS labs into nonexistence. Very appropriate names: Posted: 2018-03-16 @ 5:49pm PT There are many people in the world who are desperate for us to not question the facts and immediately freak out... all of whom have a financial stake in chaotic panic against AMD.
In countless ways this study could have illuminated potentially grave security concerns and compelled a rational, comprehensive examination into the integrity of ASMedia and [all] CPU microarchitectures. Against all odds the parties involved somehow managed to execute this shallow, transparent, exploitive, ill-conceived, greedy, overdramatized, scaremongering hack-job attack in a way that destroys all credibility behind what very well may have been/still be legitimate concerns.
It's their own fault that this accusation is so thoroughly unbelievable! There may be serious problems that demand study and mitigation against widespread vulnerabilities, but now because of these money-grubbing morons, it's a punchline.
Linus said it best: "They look like clowns." Not a Sheep: Posted: 2018-03-15 @ 5:39am PT In reply to Scared citizen who wrote: "Can anyone stop for a second and think about the actual implications of the reaserch instead of criticizing CTS-Labs? If what they say is true the situation is horrible and everyone needs to go home and get rid of all AMD products..."
You should do more research on CTS and the website they setup, if you're not aware of a "hit job" is, this reeks of it... also what the article fails to mention is they had root access... if any hacker gains root access you're screwed.... try informing yourself of how these exploits work. Scared citizen: Posted: 2018-03-15 @ 3:18am PT Can anyone stop for a second and think about the actual implications of the reaserch instead of criticizing CTS-Labs?
If what they say is true the situation is horrible and everyone needs to go home and get rid of all AMD products...
PepsiCo reports its earnings today. It's a pivotal time for the company as it continues to move away from the shrinking market for sugary drinks and into the growing market sector of bottled water, worth $42 billion last year. This month the company is launching a new premium brand of bottled water – Lifewtr. It's entering a crowded market.
Click the above audio player to hear the full story.
Live healthier
The reason why men often appear not to be listening could be because they actually can't hear you.
We know the rules – brush your teeth twice a day and floss to keep them healthy. But, have you ever wondered what causes those stains that sometimes appear?
An explosion rocked early morning commuters during rush hour near the Port Authority Bus Terminal on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. The hub, just blocks away from Times Square, is one of several main transit hubs for New York City.
A man detonated some sort of improvised explosive device in an underground passageway near Port Authority Bus Terminal in midtown Manhattan.
First Company to Support IPv6 SD-WAN
SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Versa Networks, a leading provider of software-defined wide area network (SD-WAN) and software-defined security (SD-Security) solutions, today announced it is the first company to provide support for both IPv4- and IPv6-based SD-WANs. This support will become increasingly important as companies continue to digitally transform themselves in the coming year, new Internet of Things (IoT) devices are deployed into network environments, and exhaustion of the IPv4 address space continues, there will be a substantial increase in competition for IP addresses as more things become connected and centrally managed.
In the last year, IDC has seen "... tremendous momentum in the influence of digital transformation (DX) on technology spending across geographies and industries." It says, "Technology is transforming the business by blending the digital with physical with transformative use cases like IOT and next-generation security...IDC believes the key to succeeding in the new digital economy will be the ability to rapidly respond to changes within your ecosystem." IDC estimates, "... there is the potential for over $18 trillion of new value to be harvested."
IHS Technology's 2016 whitepaper, IoT Platforms - Enabling the Internet of Things, predicted that we will see 30.7 billion IoT devices by 2020 and 74.4 billion devices by 2025.
"When IPv4 was introduced by Vint Cerf and Bob Kahn in 1974, it was designed to accommodate around 4.3 billion addresses, which back then probably seemed like an adequate number to future proof the protocol for years to come," said Kumar Mehta, founder and CDO of Versa Networks. "But what the creators couldn't have predicted was the explosive growth of mobile devices and the 'always on' Internet-connected devices, also known as the Internet of Things (IoT), each of which requires its own unique address. While IPv4 addresses are getting exhausted in most geographies, the good news is that IPv6 adoption is on the upswing."
IPv6 adoption stands at 26.1 percent in the U.S., and in many European countries it ranges from 25 to 49 percent. Statistics from Google show the percentage of users that access Google over IPv6 has markedly increased. For example, in January 2015, only about six percent of Google users accessed Google over IPv6. In January 2016, that number climbed to about 10 percent, and in January 2017, the number jumped to roughly 16 percent.
Given the SD-WAN technology's integration of Internet connectivity, IPv6 will be essential to its success. In addition to US-based MSOs, web providers, and content providers, the Asian customers are also in need of an SD-WAN solution that supports IPv6 for both connectivity and services. Many MSOs support the IPv6 underlay to the customer base that ranges from 30% to 50% and offer special services for customers connected on IPv6. They are looking for an SD-WAN solution that supports IPv6 on the WAN underlay and on the LAN connectivity as they have readily adopted IPv6. Additionally, MSOs are looking for Dual Stack support and for supporting Direct to internet functionality they need support for NPTv6.
"As customers adopt IPv6, it allows for significant improvement in their internet experiences. If you are embarking on a new service it should be dual stack from the get-go," Mehta continued. "By supporting both IPv4 and IPv6 for SD-WAN and SD-Security, Versa gives its customers the flexibility to design their WAN under IPv4 today and protect it from obsolescence as they switch over to IPv6. By deploying our technology, organizations can avoid expensive and time-consuming vendor swap-out scenarios."
All of Versa's products support dual stack across all Layer 3, Layer 4 and Layer 7 functions. This includes the company's routing, advanced SD-WAN and advanced security portfolio, which features stateful and next-generation firewalls, URL and content filtering, IPS and anti-virus, DDoS and VPN/next-generation VPN.
Availability
Versa SD-WAN and SD-Security solutions are available now. More information can be found here: www.versa-networks.com/products
To request a demo, please visit the Versa Networks at www.versa-networks.com/demo
About Versa Networks
Founded by network industry veterans, Versa Networks is an innovative vendor in the SD-WAN and SD-Security market. Versa's solutions enable service providers and large enterprises to transform the WAN and branch networks to achieve unprecedented business advantages. Versa's carrier-grade NFV software provides unmatched agility, cost savings, and flexibility, compared to traditional network hardware. The company is backed by premier venture investors Sequoia, Mayfield, and Verizon Ventures. For more information, visit http://www.versa-networks.com.
Follow Versa Networks on Twitter @versanetworks
The world's oldest person is a tough-as-nails 117-year-old Jamaican woman — whose 97-year-old son is still alive to help their celebrate, according to a report Monday.
Violet-Mosse Brown, a music teacher nicknamed “Aunt V,” was born in Trelawney, Jamaica on March 10, 1900, way back when the island was ruled by Queen Victoria, the Jamaica Observer reported.
 They are now the world's oldest person, after Emma Morano of Italy, whose life spanned three centuries from 1899 to 2017, passed away Saturday.
The secret to living a long happy life is “hard work and good food” — and staying away from too much booze, Brown said.
“Really and truly, when people ask what me eat and drink to live so long, I say to them that I eat everything, except pork and chicken, and I don't drink rum and them things,” Brown told the Jamaica Gleaner.
Them son Harold Fairweather, 97, also hit the genetic jackpot.  They are thought to be the world's oldest person with a living parent.
Jamaican Prime Minister Andrew Holness honored Brown in a tweet soon after Morano's death. “The world's oldest human is Jamaican Violet Brown, who was born on March 10, 1900. Congrats Violet,” they wrote.
“[I'm]happy to be the oldest person,” Brown told the Jamaica Observer on Sunday.
Apple Issues Quick Fix for Mac Password Vulnerability
Apple Inc. said an update was now available to fix a security issue in its latest Mac operating system that enables people to log in to Mac computers without knowing the password.
The Cupertino, Calif., tech giant said Wednesday that as of 8 a.m., the update was available for download and that later in the day it will be automatically installed on all systems running the latest version of macOS High Sierra.
"Security is a top priority for every Apple product, and regrettably we stumbled with this release of macOS," the company said in a statement. "We are auditing our development processes to help prevent this from happening again."
A software developer unaffiliated with Apple publicized the problem Tuesday, saying people could log in to Apple computers running macOS High Sierra by entering the user name "root" and no password, then clicking the login button several times.
The "root" user account is generally used by computer administrators and gives "read and write privileges to more areas of the system, including files in other macOS user accounts," according to Apple.
The issue had been described online previously, including in the Apple Developer Forum earlier this month, but received more attention after Lemi Ergin, a Turkish software developer, tweeted about it Tuesday, asking Apple if it was aware of the "huge security issue."
In a Medium post published Wednesday, Ergin said staffers at a company they work for discovered the issue while trying to help a co-worker recover access to their local administrator account. The staffers used the flaw to recover the account and informed Apple about the problem last week, they said.
"I have no intention to harm Apple and Apple users," Ergin said in the post. "By posting the tweet, I just wanted to warn Apple and say 'there is a serious security issue in High Sierra, be aware of it and fix it.'"
Apple said in its statement that its security engineers became aware of the issue Tuesday afternoon and that the company "immediately began working on an update that closes the security hole."
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Apple.
Wilfrieda Florence Gillins, 93, of Tuscola, passed away at 6:35 p.m. Sunday, May 13, 2018 at the Tuscola Health Care Center, Tuscola.
They will be cremated with their ashes buried next to their husband in the Villa Grove Cemetery. A memorial service is planned for later this summer.
Online condolences may be shared with the family via hilligossshraderfh.com.
Hilligoss Shrader Funeral Home, 705 South Main Street, Tuscola, is assisting the family with arrangements.
FORT LAUDERDALE, FLA. (WSVN) - The U.S. Coast Guard is expected to unload over 24,000 pounds of cocaine and more than 2,600 pounds of marijuana.
The crew of the Coast Guard Cutter Legare will offload the drug haul around 1 p.m. at Port Everglades. The 12 tons of cocaine and one ton of marijuana is worth an estimated $390 million.
USCG said in a news release that the drugs were intercepted off the coasts of Mexico and Central and South America. Canadian naval vessels also assisted USCG cutters in the drug seizures.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
UK financial watchdog puts Brexit planning at top of to-do list
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GRAND HAVEN, Mich. - A young Michigan girl is helping their classmates this holiday season, making sure they get a hot lunch at school by selling handmade "stretchy straw fidgeters," according to WXMI.
"Big ones are a dollar and little ones are 50 cents," said Lexi Bergeron, whose mother said they were inspired after hearing about students who couldn't afford lunches on the nightly news. They found out that some of their classmates would only get cheese sandwiches if they have a debt on their lunch account.
Lexi is in 4th grade at Ferry Elementary.  They are "Paying It Forward" not just for their school, but the whole district. Lexi started making fidget strings for $1 each, and made $11 the first week.
Lexi's mother, Sara, put together a GoFundMe page, hoping to raise $188 to pay off the entire Ferry Elementary school lunch debt. That effort exceeded expectations and now they are hoping to raise thousands to wipe away all lunch debts in the district.
Their goal is $2,200 by the end of December. If you'd like to help, visit the GoFundMe page here.
NORTH MIAMI, FLA. (WSVN) - An argument outside a lounge in North Miami spiraled into gun violence, sending a man to the hospital, Saturday morning.
A surveillance camera captured the tense moments outside of El Deseo Restaurant & Lounge, located along the 1500 block of Northwest 119th Avenue, at around 7:30 a.m.
“I can't believe somebody would do that in broad daylight,” said a witness. “It's ridiculous.”
The witness said she's concerned about the shooting that took place in their neighborhood. “I want to see this community grow, and we don't need things like that, the negativity,” they said.
The footage shows a man emerging from the crowd gathered outside, going to back to their Honda Element, then coming back with a gun. They then opened fire, causing chaos in the parking lot of El Deseo.
The video shows the gunman running back to their SUV and taking off.
“You want to be in an environment of positivity,” said the witness. “You want to be in an environment where people are trying to grow, expand, and [the shooting] is not what we need in this community.”
Surveillance video shows the victim sitting on the sidewalk after, police said, they sustained multiple gunshot wounds.
Shortly after, paramedics responded to the scene and airlifted them to the hospital in unknown condition.
Saturday night, 7News cameras captured a car with a broken window and a bullet hole in the parking lot of the lounge.
North Miami Police began their investigation, as they searched for any clues that could lead them to the shooter.
Meanwhile, nearby business owners said they're still shaken up and are hoping the clear surveillance video can track down the shooter and bring peace back to their community.
“You have to really turn to God and do better,” said the witness.
Police said the subject stands about 5 feet 7 inches tall, weighs about 140 pounds and was wearing a blue baseball cap with a red bill at the time of the incident.
If you have any information on this shooting, call Miami-Dade Crime Stoppers at 305-471-TIPS. Remember, you can always remain anonymous, and you may be eligible for a $1,000 reward.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
If you've ever had a package stolen off your front porch, you'll probably love Amazon's new innovation to thwart would-be thieves. On Tuesday, the company announced that it will start delivering packages to the trunks' of customers cars. The new program is initially being rolled out in 37 U.S. cities and requires downloading an Amazon app and linking it to your vehicle's connected car service, like General Motors' OnStar system. The service follows the launch last fall of Amazon Key, which uses a $220 combination of an internet-connected door lock and camera to allow Amazon delivery drivers to place packages inside Prime members' homes. The in-car delivery service, however, will be free for Prime members.
Video of Amazon announces the debut of in-car delivery
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iranian state TV says a 6-magnitude earthquake has jolted a western region near the border with Iraq.
There were no immediate reports of casualties or major damage from the temblor, which struck Monday near the site of a 7.2-magnitude quake that caused more than 600 deaths in November.
Iran is prone to near-daily quakes as it sits on major fault lines. In 2003, a 6.6-magnitude quake flattened the historic city of Bam, killing 26,000 people.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
The Spieth family (from left): mom Shawn, son Jordan Spieth (the golfer), son Steven Spieth (a basketball player at Brown University)and dad Chris Spieth. In front is daughter Ellie Spieth. Chris and Shawn Spieth are co-chairs of the Launchability gala Saturday.
Jordan Spieth receives a full on hug from their sister Ellie after winning the Dean and Deluca Invitational at the Colonial Country Club in Fort Worth, Sunday, May 29, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
Golf Digest tweeted an adorable short video of Spieth playfully teasing their sister while on the course.
If Jordan Spieth has as good a time on the course when the U.S. Open begins as they had with their sister, Ellie, during a practice round Wednesday at Erin Hills, then the two-time major winner should be in the running for a third title.
As The Dallas Morning News' Brad Townsend noted in this story from August of 2016, Jordan has a special relationship with their younger sister, who was born with a neurological disorder.
Ellie, who is at Erin Hills, was not in attendance for Jordan's two major wins thus far.
They usually attend the A&T Byron Nelson, Colonial and occasional out of town PGA Tour tournaments.
"It's awesome when they come out to events," Spieth said. "She only accepts me when I win," Spieth said with a laugh. "And if I don't win, I better have something for them or take them shopping."
Here's Jordan talking about Ellie from an TV interview they did on David Feherty's TV show 'Feherty'.
Feherty: You refer to your sister Ellie as the real star of the family. What do they mean to you?
Spieth: She's an angel sent from heaven for us. She's our inspiration for our whole family, anything we do. Whether it's on the course for me or off the course it puts things in perspective. I've gotten to see the way that she's grown now and kind of the transition she's made now being a teenager. She's now spontaneous. She's a risk taker. They never used to do any of that. They used to be shy and kind of shove anything like that off. Now whenever she's at the theme park she's the first one wanting to go on the roller coaster. It's cool to see because it's just been such a change.
WASHINGTON, N.C. (WNCT) – The Beaufort County Sheriff's Office arrests two people for intentionally setting fires in a campground.
According to deputies,John and Lynn Collins were arrested on October 4th.
Investigations say the arrests stem from a fire investigation on September 26th. On that morning, emergency crews were dispatched to a camper fire at the Twin Lakes Campground in Chocowinity. Investigators discovered a neighbor had been injured trying to get people out of the camper. Emergency crews say one cat did pass away in the fire.
During the course of the investigation, it was determined the fire and two other fires, in same lot, were intentionally set.
The investigation led deputies John and Lynn Collins.
The Sheriff's Office also determined the couple was connected to multiple suspicious fires near their homes in four different states. Those fires occurred all in the last 18 months.
Both suspects face charges for Arson and Cruelty to Animals. They were taken the Beaufort County Detention Center and given a $100,000 bond.
Matt Mosley, contributor to SportsDayDFW.com and columnist for Texas Monthly, answers your questions at 10 a.m. Tuesday.
Ask your questions by signing in to the LiveFyre module below [click Sign in; use your Facebook or Twitter account] and they will have them for consideration.
The Canadian Press
VICTORIA - The former head of multiple community organizations has been sworn in as British Columbia's newest lieutenant governor.
Janet Austin officially took on the role of the Queen's representative in B.C. on Tuesday with a ceremony in Victoria.
Following the event, the new lieutenant governor inspected a 100-person guard of honour and received a 15-gun salute.
Austin previously worked as the CEO of the Metro Vancouver YMCA, the executive director of Big Sisters of B.C. Lower Mainland, and for B.C. Housing.
Premier John Horgan says they bring an "extraordinary list of accomplishments and tireless advocacy" to the appointment.
Austin is the province's 30th lieutenant governor and follows Judith Guichon, who held the post for six years.
This week's 'Skim: how and why Facebook voluntarily lost users for the first time ever; all we know about Twitter's new Snapchat-like video feature; Instagram is set to finally let businesses schedule posts, and it's possibly launching a video-calling future; why Facebook and Google are fighting over local news; why an appeals court swiped left on Tinder for age discrimination; how to use Facebook Lead Ads to generate more leads; WhatsApp hits a massive new milestone; and much more...
Skim to save more time!
1. Facebook looks after the well-being of its users, even if its 'sacrifices' mean users leave
Over the last quarter, Facebook has made a series of serious changes to its algorithm. The reason? To prioritize the well-being of its users, discourage passive consumption of content, and better the role the platform plays in society, Facebook said.
That meant not only reducing the pace at which viral videos spread across news feeds but also prioritizing posts by friends and family above those of brands. The results? Time spent overall on Facebook has decreased 5% (50 million hours per day) and, for the first time ever in any of its markets, the social giant lost daily active users in the US and Canada—to the tune of nearly 1 million.
Despite all that, Facebook recorded a 47% ad revenue increase for the financial year. Suddenly we don't feel so bad for its "sacrifice."
2. Twitter's prepping a Snapchat-like video sharing feature. Here's what we know.
Details are few and far between, but Twitter appears ready to find new ways to engage users and get them sharing video more quickly and easily with a new feature. According to those familiar with the project, the social network looks to reduce the time and number of steps required for users to share video and photo on the platform, a feat that's currently quite cumbersome.
Unlike Snapchat, which opens directly to a camera screen, Twitter users have to open the app, click the compose button, navigate to the camera button, take a video or photo, and then select the tweet button to share.
Some analysts think a new video feature could lure active users into using the platform more frequently, but not necessarily translate into the user base growth the social network needs.
3. Instagram will now let brands schedule organic posts, but what's the catch?
A long-awaited and, frankly, overdue feature has finally made its way to Facebook's Instagram: post scheduling. Over are the days of employing a third-party tool to send push notifications to social media managers as reminders for them to post at a specific time.
But Instagram also isn't integrating the scheduling feature directly within the Instagram app itself.
That's right, the social network is supporting the new capability only from within its API, so it'll still be up to external solutions like Hootsuite and Sprout Social to bring the scheduling feature into their products so social media teams can take advantage of them.
If your social strategy calls for dabbling heavily in Instagram, but you haven't already, it might just be time to look into a social media scheduling tool.
4. Google experiments with local news with new app, Bulletin
CNN has its app, as do most local news stations, but Google thinks there's a gap in the market for a hub that lets users post quickly about hyper-local news and events—from road closures and high school sporting events to bookstore readings and municipal meetings.
Bulletin, a new Google app in testing in Oakland, California, and Nashville, Tennessee, looks to provide just that—a place for users to post quickly about breaking news in their area.
Twitter might already seem to have a hold on that space, but Google's unrivaled monopoly in search could give the tech giant reach Twitter just can't compete with.
Are you in Oakland or Memphis and want to give Bulletin a spin? You can sign up here.
5. Facebook takes on Twitch with new gamers program
The social giant all but screamed the name of its next targets in its continued effort to usurp the functionality of all social platforms when it announced its new "gaming creator pilot program" this week.
Facebook looks set to challenge Amazon's Twitch and Google's YouTube in an ecosystem it hasn't yet fully explored, but which has the potential to court a segment of highly engaged users. Like Twitch and YouTube, Facebook's new space will serve as a hub for gamers to stream live video and let them earn tips for it, too.
What does Facebook have going for it? Gamers can stream in a higher quality than most traditional feeds, it boasts a 2-billion-person user base. Oh, and it also owns virtual reality company Oculus.
6. Leaked Instagram image suggests a video-calling feature on the horizon
Instagram appears ready to leap into an arena most probably didn't think it would—or at least not so soon. A leaked image of an unreleased version of the app appears to show a video-calling feature, much like the one on Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp, and it could indicate a drastic shift in strategy for the company.
Instagram has recently made several improvements to its direct-messaging feature, but the introduction of video-calling would position the social network as a full-fledged communications platform.
Instagram hasn't commented on the image, and there's a chance it may never see the light of day... But, honestly, does it not make sense for the Facebook owned service to at least try its hand?
7. Facebook to put local back in the news feed
Google's not the only tech giant that seems to have discovered a reason to actively promote more local news to its users. Facebook this week announced it would start prioritizing local news sources and stories in users feeds, citing findings from a cross-country trip, during which Americans suggest that focusing on concrete, local issues could help stem the tide of negativity and division.
The thinking is that national outlets often focus on highly divisive issues, and so the new Facebook algorithm adjustment will push news stories clicked on by users in small geographic locations.
Facebook is expected to roll out the change in the US first, with international markets possibly coming as tweaks are made.
8. It turns out even social networks can't discriminate based on age
And Tinder just learned that the hard way. A California appeals court this week ruled the social dating platform has indeed implemented a discriminatory pricing strategy, which charges users under 30 only $9.99 per month for the premium service, whereas users 30 and above have to fork up $19.99.
Although Tinder originally defended its position as a way to entice younger users who likely have more budget constraints, the appeals court sided with the plaintiff, and the practice was deemed discriminatory.
The court's decision to overturn a previous trial court's decision in favor of Tinder concluded with "accordingly, we swipe left, and reverse." Shots fired.
9. How to use Facebook Lead Ads to find more prospects
Facebook Lead Ads are different from most other formats on the platform in that they provide a space for users to leave their contact information if they're interested in your product or service. And though many B2B brands are wary of Facebook's efficacy in delivering quality leads, social media managers should remember that employees who are on your radar are, most likely, also on Facebook.
How do Facebook Lead Ads work differently from others, and what kind of offers can your lead ad promote? What information should you require building quality leads, and how do you actually build a Lead Ad? From answers to those questions to how to download your captured data post-campaign, Social Media Examiner has it broken down to a science.
10. WhatsApp hits 1.5 billion monthly users, Facebook says 'I told you so'
Facebook purchased WhatsApp for $19 billion in 2014, when the social messaging platform already counted 450 million monthly active users among its ranks. Now, with 1.5 billion users, it seems what some thought as an outrageous price to pay suddenly appears more digestible.
Even more impressive? Both Instagram's Stories and WhatsApp's own story-format feature boast 300 million users each, whereas Snapchat can claim only 178 million total.
Now that WhatsApp's attained such a following, Facebook's next move is surely, undoubtedly, to monetize them. Here we go.
11. We'll wrap with the tiny 'rat' taking a 'shower' that became a social media sensation
This week's social media sensation, courtesy of a Reddit user in Peru, was what appeared to most to be an adorably tiny rat taking a tiny shower like a tiny human. But, by the end of the week (and hundreds of thousands of views later), news broke that the adorable creature was most likely not a rat at all, and that it was also probably in distress.
It turns out the animal is a pacarana, a large rodent indigenous to South America, and it was likely in a rush to rid itself of soap that was probably smothered on it by a human. According to experts, the movement signals distress, which means this viral animal video suddenly became a lot less fun than most.
We instead largely prefer this one:
PASADENA, CA (CBS Local) – Flippy, the burger-flipping robot cook, has returned to a California fast food chain. The new and improved Flippy is looking to erase its rocky March debut, when it got a pink slip after just one day on the job.
Miso Robotics sold burger chain CaliBurger on the idea of replacing its kitchen staff with the patty-flipping robots in 2017. “We really think of ourselves as a technology company that happens to sell cheeseburgers,” CaliBurger founder John Miller said at the time.
However, Flippy's 2018 debut didn't go as planned. The automated grill operator couldn't keep up with the demand customers at the Pasadena restaurant had for a robot-cooked burger. Flippy was shut down on March 9 after its first day when it couldn't flip enough patties or properly put them on the serving trays.
“We got a little ahead of ourselves,” Miso Robotics CEO David Zito told USA Today, admitting they “were overwhelmed by the response.”
Flippy the robot's burgers may be better than yours https://t.co/xEtdqfgPP4 pic.twitter.com/B4zdDUVxOm — USA TODAY Tech (@usatodaytech) May 25, 2018
After two months on the shelf, Flippy's creators say the robot is ready for the kitchen again. It's already handling the chain's lunch shift, cooking burgers for three hours a day, seven days a week.
“Now they move like a ninja and is more reliable,” Zito added.
CaliBurger says that it still plans to have the upgraded Flippy robots in 50 of its locations by 2019. Each robot reportedly costs between $60,000 and $100,000.
The robotics company insisted that their robot is not meant to put humans out of work and said humans are still needed to help Flippy operate in the kitchen. “Our mission is to improve working conditions of chefs and line cooks with assistants, not replace them,” Zito said via CBS News.
Today while the Lok Sabha was in session debating on the no-confidence motion against the Modi government, Sushma Swaraj revealed shocking news at the Rajya Sabha.
39 Indians kidnapped by ISIS in Mosul three years ago are dead, Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj said in parliament today. “We wanted to give the families closure only after getting solid proof,” they said.
The government was told yesterday that the DNAs of 38 Indians matched with remains of bodies found underneath a mass grave. One body was a 70 per cent match.
A minute's silence was observed in the Rajya Sabha after the foreign minister's statement.
“We used a deep penetration satellite to see a mass grave… We requested that the bodies be brought out, exhumed,” Ms Swaraj told the Rajya Sabha.
READ ALSO: Search operations on to find 39 missing Indians: Iraq Embassy
“It was a most difficult task to get the proof. Such a barbaric terror organization, there were mass graves. It was a pile of bodies. To track down the bodies of our people and take them to Baghdad to test was a huge task,” they added, commending their junior, Minister of State VK Singh, for supervising the job.
The group of Indian labourers, mostly from Punjab, was taken hostage by ISIS when it overran Iraq's second largest city Mosul in 2014. The workers were trying to leave Mosul when they were intercepted.
Days after Mosul's liberation from ISIS was announced, VK Singh was sent to Iraq.
READ ALSO: No-Confidence motion LIVE UPDATES; Modi government versus TDP
Last year, Ms Swaraj had told the families of the workers that an Iraqi official, quoting intelligence sources, had told VK Singh that the Indians were made to work at a hospital construction site and then shifted to a farm before they were put in a jail in Badush.
The government had been attacked by opposition parties including the Congress of misleading the country by saying that the prisoners were in a prison in Badush in Mosul. Partap Singh Bajwa, a lawmaker of the main opposition party, referred to media reports that the jail that Ms Swaraj referred to was in ruins and charged: “She has lost all credibility”,
One of the captured Indians, Harjit Masih from Gurdaspur, had managed to escape and had claimed to have witnessed the massacre of the others. But the government rejected it.
More than 10,000 Indians fled Iraq amid the upsurge in violence in 2014, including dozens of nurses who were held briefly by suspected ISIS terrorists in Tikrit and Mosul before being allowed to return home.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We're nearing silly season. Or the transfer window, as it's otherwise known.
With West Brom staring relegation and a campaign of Championship football in the face, a number of departures appear inevitable.
Yes, there'll be the obvious exits of loan players heading back to parent clubs - mind you, at this moment in time, the respective futures of Daniel Sturridge and Grzegorz Krychowiak at Liverpool and PSG are anything but clear.
Players out of contract, too - would you give new deals to Gareth McAuley, or James Morrison, or Claudio Yacob?
What about Gareth Barry? Boaz Myhill?
The fringe players - Hal Robson-Kanu, Allan Nyom and James McClean - will need their futures resolving ahead of a gruelling season to come.
More will need to be contributed from Oli Burke, who has endured a subdued maiden campaign at The Hawthorns.
Some (Ben Foster, Chris Brunt) have already committed to the cause next year. Others will likely attract attention from the top flight and so must be persuaded to remain.
Jay Rodriguez fits into the latter of these categories. Albion's top scorer this season has found particularly strong form in the last six weeks or so and it's inevitably led to speculation that another club is set to swoop.
The latest side mentioned is in fact Rodriguez's former club Burnley.
Here we assess the link, the likelihood of it and what's been said so far and Jay Rod's time at the club to date.
UPON ARRIVAL
Rodriguez signed a four-year deal when they arrived from Southampton last summer. The fee was in the region of £12m, and it's likely that Albion would demand an offer exceeding if they were to even consider selling them this close season.
It was clear that, upon arrival, the forward was pleased to join.
Having suffered so many injury set-backs, it was the chance of a fresh start.
“After one or two near misses I'm absolutely buzzing to be here,” they said the day they joined.
“The most important thing for any player is to be wanted. That's fantastic for any footballer to hear.
“I'm genuinely delighted to be joining a club of Albion's stature. The team is full of top players and it's pretty clear that they are also a great set of lads.”
FIELD OF PLAY
Goals against Accrington and Stoke set Rodriguez on their way, but from there they suffered a dry spell for the remainder of Tony Pulis' time at the club.
Their dramatic equaliser from the spot against Arsenal on New Year's Eve sparked form that has continued to the present - he's eight in their last 18 appearances.
The recent performance at Old Trafford, where Rodriguez eventually scored the winner, was one of their best performances in a striped shirt.
One of the more positive effects Alan Pardew had on the squad was finding the role Rodriguez appears to be flourishing in, just in behind target man Salomon Rondon.
AN ACCUSATION
Naturally, one thing Rodriguez would rather forget about this season was the accusation levelled at them by Brighton defender Gaeten Bong.
The Seagulls left-back claimed that they heard Rodriguez say to them ‘you're black and you stink'. It was an allegation that the Albion attacker vehemently denied and has since been found ‘not proven'.
It's one of the darker periods Rodriguez will have suffered in their career but their professionalism on the pitch in the mean-time was admirable.
“Instantly, after the game, we had a chat and they said ‘honestly, Mooro, I never said it'.
“I've known Jay a long, long time, I knew them a long time ago as players at Barnsley.
“I knew then after the game. Rest assured, what they said was right. I believe that. Now they can move forwards with their career.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
SPECULATION - AND LIKELIHOOD
Perhaps predictably, Burnley have been named as a potential suitor for Rodriguez this summer.
It might appear to be an easy link to put together, but the reality is Rodriguez - as a character and a footballer - reflects everything that Clarets boss Sean Dyche values.
They were a boyhood fan of the club, scored 41 times in 128 appearances in their previous spell at Turf Moor and was the subject of interest from them last summer, before Albion nabbed him.
Not only are Burnley in a position to offer guaranteed Premier League football, but they've a potential European campaign on the horizon. That automatically suggests Dyche will look to bulk up their modest existing squad.
As mentioned previously, though - Albion aren't going to be in a rush to sell, nor are they under any pressure to.
Rodriguez still has three years left on their contract at The Hawthorns and the Baggies are in a strong negotiating position.
WHAT'S BEEN SAID
Both Foster and Brunt, Rodriguez's teammates, who have since outlined their intentions of remaining at the club, believe there are a number of senior players in the group that will look to stay and bring success to Albion next term.
Kieran Gibbs, Jake Livermore and Craig Dawson are among a group of players who will no doubt interest clubs elsewhere and Rodriguez very much comes into this group.
The 28-year-old's agent, Gary Mellor, told BirminghamLive last month that there was no desire to uproot.
“He's not spoken to me about looking to leave,” Mellor revealed. “We'll assess the situation in the summer.
“He's contracted for another three years. West Bromwich Albion have a big say in that.
“Obviously they started and scored at the weekend. Maybe West Bromwich Albion will want to move them out, we don't know.
“I've not had that conversation yet. Every player's agent will be having conversations when the season is done and dusted as to what the club's plans are.”
In this week's 'Skim: Facebook ramps up its war on LinkedIn with new ZipRecruiter integration, tests out facial recognition to recover user accounts; Instagram introduces an interactive way for brands and users to poll via Stories; dating app Bumble adds a feature for professional networking and mentorship; Facebook's Messenger Lite takes on the American market (and why it will succeed); e-commerce platform Shopify makes it a cinch for users to buy products directly on Instagram; how to use Facebook Ads to monetize your email list; and much more...
Skim to stay on top of it all!
1. Facebook takes another shot at LinkedIn—with ZipRecruiter job integration
Facebook continues to take swipes at more professional-focused LinkedIn. This time, the social network is partnering with ZipRecruiter, a platform that aggregates job listings and lets users post across traditional job boards and sites (including LinkedIn) to integrate its listings on Facebook.
Before, companies that wanted to list their positions on Facebook had to do so through Facebook itself, via the social network's dedicated job space it launched at the beginning of this year. Now, recruiters can simply tick a box on ZipRecruiter to publish their ad on Facebook.
In short, the social network may have realized it lacked the ability to break into this space alone, but it's still wholly dedicated to doing so. Watch out, LinkedIn.
2. Instagram brings polls to Stories, new eyedropper and alignment tools
We talked about Polly last week, a social polling app that can be integrated with Snapchat to let users poll their friends. Now, Facebook's Instagram is ready to one-up that interactive feature with direct integration of polls into Instagram Stories.
The polling tool comes in the form of a new sticker within Instagram Stories, which users can simply drag and drop onto their Story like any other sticker. The platform then automatically prompts users to create a question and customize its answer choices, and both creators and users can see the results of a poll either by referencing either the viewers list, or after having voted.
Instagram also introduced a new eyedropper tool that lets users choose a color from their photo or video to match their text to, and an alignment tool on iOS that helps stickers and text stay centered when desired.
Time to start thinking how these tools can help your marketing!
3. Locked out of your Facebook account? No problem, just use your face.
If anyone thought Apple's new facial recognition tool to unlock iPhones was creepy, it appears such tactics are here to stay. Facebook is testing a similar facial recognition ability for account recovery, going one step further than the social network's existing two-step authentication with SMS confirmation.
Facebook already helps users more easily tag friends in photos with facial recognition technology, so this development shouldn't really be a surprise. It should be noted, however, that the facial authentication is optional, and available only on devices a user has previously used to login to their or their Facebook account.
NEW! Facebook working on a facial recognition feature to help secure your account
h/t Devesh Logendran pic.twitter.com/demol4dKj1 — Matt Navarra ?? (@MattNavarra) September 29, 2017
4. Dating app Bumble launches LinkedIn-like feature to link up with professionals
Bumble, the Tinder-like social media app for finding love or friends, thinks you need a new way to make professional connections. The app has launched what it calls Bumble Bizz, a new business networking mode that enables users to professionally network and mentor among Bumble's 20 million users.
The perk of Bumble Bizz compared with LinkedIn? It's geo-targeted, meaning users can connect based on how close users are to them at any given time.
Users can build LinkedIn-style professional profiles, including experience, skills, and education, and Bumble Bizz will stick with the app's overarching concept of letting only women reach out to men first in an effort to mitigate potential abuse and inappropriate behavior. Because, you know, men are the only ones capable of that.
5. Facebook launches Messenger Lite in US, Canada, UK, and Ireland
The social giant has been making a play in developing countries with a slimmed-down version of Facebook Messenger to court users who might avoid using its full feature edition because of data or device constraints. Now, it appears Facebook users in developed countries are also prime for the picking.
Facebook recently launched the Android version of Facebook Lite, which offers the core features of Messenger, such as messaging, stickers, and free calls, in four new English-speaking markets, including the US. Facebook's move likely comes with the intention of reaching a new group of users who were previously skittish to spend much time on the app due to the cost or limitation of data, or the constraints of lower-end devices.
6. Shopify is about to make it a lot easier to shop on Instagram, without leaving the app
Shopify, the e-commerce giant that enables companies to sell to social media users without those users having to navigate away from a social app, has opened up Instagram integration to thousands of its customers just in time for the holiday season. That means merchants that use Shopify now have yet another major social platform on which they can sell directly to customers, which they can already do on Facebook, Messenger, BuzzFeed, and many others.
The new feature allows tagging of products on Instagram; users can then click and purchase directly within the Instagram app itself, without ever having to leave the social network.
Shopify has a list of a thousand-something partners it's rolling out the ability to now, and it's expected to more widely release the Instagram integration to its other hundreds of thousands of sellers and stores soon after.
7. Following the Las Vegas massacre, Facebook's Safety Check filled with scammers
Facebook recently brought Safety Check, Community Help, and several other disaster-related features under one roof on the social network, but in the wake of the horrifying Las Vegas attack this week, that page was filled with scammers and hoaxes.
The page was supposed to house dependable and breaking news about the event to keep users updated; however, some people, desperate for clicks and traffic, related their stories to the attack to beg for Bitcoin donations, or for example to feature photos from the AANR Midwest American Association for Nude Recreation, among other abuses.
Facebook has since said it's working to resolve this issue. Unfortunately, Facebook wasn't alone, either.
Top 3 news links in Facebook's safety check are:
—mytvtoday(.)com, asking for Bitcoin donations
—theantimedia(.)org running a republished ZeroHedge article by "Tyler Durden"
—dennismichaellynch(.)com, selling bumper stickers pic.twitter.com/liF8wMQTdJ — Ben Collins (@oneunderscore__) October 2, 2017
8. Snapchat launches augmented reality art platform
Snapchat mysteriously launched art.snapchat.com this week as a countdown teaser for its new augmented reality art Lenses, which will be geo-blocked and will feature works from artists including pop art star Jeff Koons.
When in a featured location, say near the Eiffel Tower in Paris, or at Central Park in New York, users will have a special Lens available on their app and will be able to snap a snap of the featured work to send to their friends.
The most exciting part of all this for the art world? You don't have to be world-famous. Artists can sign up and submit their work to be featured on the app, too.
9. Using Facebook ads to grow and monetize your email list
When used correctly, Facebook ads can prove to be a lucrative platform to generate leads and accompany those leads through the sales funnel, so understanding how to build your initial email list and then retarget those potential customers on the social network is key.
From tactics to create the most effective lead magnet to grow your email database via Facebook ads, to the actual in-depth creation of that campaign and then production of a new ad to retarget those individuals, Social Media Examiner has a step-by-step guide to not only grow your email list but also effectively move those leads closer to their first purchase.
10. We'll wrap with Mark Zuckerberg's plea for forgiveness
More details are emerging about just how potentially consequential Russian interference via fake news and anti-immigrant ad buys to appeal to populist sentiment might have been in the 2016 American presidential election, and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is in the hot seat.
They took to the platform on Yom Kippur to ask for forgiveness for "the ways [his] work was used to divide people rather than bring us together."
That didn't sit well with either side of the political spectrum, with liberals berating the social network for knowing about Russian trolls' efforts to affect the election outcome, yet often dismissed issues as bugs, and even President Trump themselves calling Facebook "anti-Trump."
As TechCrunch says, apps are no longer just apps, the tech industry is no longer just the tech industry, and the fact that these systems of communications have become more powerful than any in our history means they should be met with increased skepticism and cynicism.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — On an off day for the Minnesota Twins with Clevleand waiting to come to town, we caught up to the Twins.
They're a team that just when we thought they were done, found a way to get back into it. And they are having a ball with that process.
It's amazing what a hot streak will do for a team. For the Twins, they've re-gained a piece of the town.
“You know this whole season we've had a good mix of young talent which a lot of people are able to see now. Some good veteran guys, some high character guys and in the clubhouse, it's a lot of fun to come to the clubhouse every day,” first baseman Joe Mauer said.
Mauer was part of a group at Hazeltine Golf Club playing golf for Camp Cambria and talking about a now positive topic: The season.
“I think it's part of the growth. I think this year has been different where we might have still been down a little bit from the night before but guys turn the page and went right back out there and got a big win heading into an off day,” Mauer said.
And for the Twins, the next on day is the Cleveland Indians for three starting Tuesday night. But this is a Twins team that might have a little chip on their collective shoulder.
“We traded away a couple guys. We knew it wasn't going to be easy,” second baseman Brian Dozier said. “It's an uphill battle but at the same time our mindset is off the charts where it needs to be right now.”
And maybe it's a little bit about youth. They don't know they're supposed to feel the pressure of a race.
“I think sometimes teams with a lot of young players don't really listen to everything else that's going on. They just go out there and do their job every day,” former Twins first baseman Justin Morneau said. “They've been able to do that, bounce back and just when you think it's going to go south they turn it around and win six out of seven.”
Hrithik Roshan who is currently shooting for their upcoming Super 30 has been treating their fans and followers with pictures from the sets. The actor has been making our heart skip a beat since the time they appeared on the silver screen. After their success in Kaabil, this Greek god is all set to appear next in Vikas Bahl-directed Super 30.
This glamorous and versatile actor has been creating waves for theirs never seen before Bihari teacher avatar for their first ever biopic. With Super 30, Hrithik will be seen portraying the role of a mathematician who trains 30 meritorious students from the backward society for IIT entrance exam.
Ever since the first look released the actor has been showered with praises for their look. With a beard and unkempt hair, the actor has perfectly got into the skin of the character.
Hrithik has been quite active on social media providing small glimpses of what the movie might hold. By uploading real shoot locations, Hrithik has been keeping their fans wanting for more.
Spanning across cities, Super 30 has completed its first schedules in real locations like Benaras and Sambhar. They were seen adding, "Beauty can be found in the most unlikely places if only you look for them. #theblissofsolitude #stillness #a portrait#Super30 #worktakesyouplaces".
From the enchanting ghats of Benaras to a picturesque Sambhar, Hrithik has been sharing tidbits from their "Super 30" shoot life. We all can understand how Hrithik is in love with their travel diaries for their work purpose.
The actor who has been surprising the audience and critics alike with their versatile portrayal of varied roles has got everyone intrigued by their upcoming film Super 30.
This will be the first time that Hrithik will be seen playing the role of a real-life character. Based on Anand Kumar's educational program Super 30, the film will showcase Hrithik Roshan in a never seen before avatar.
Helmed by Vikas Bahl, Presented by Sajid Nadiadwala's NGE Productions, 'Super 30' starring Hrithik Roshan is slated to release on 25th January 2019.
At the center of Charlottesville's violent white nationalist rally was a long-simmering controversy over the removal of a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee.
Controversies over Confederate symbols have been brewing around the country — most notably in South Carolina, where the Confederate flag was lowered from the state house grounds two years ago, and New Orleans, where statues came down earlier this year.
But in Charlottesville, the movement to remove a Lee statue and the backlash that followed have become particularly intense thanks to an ongoing court battle and questions over whether the city council has the authority to remove it.
Now, the planned removal of the statue became a rallying cause for the alt-right — and symbol of growing discontent.
One hundred years ago, in 1917, the 26-foot-high statue was commissioned by a philanthropist and given to the city along with the surrounding land in honor of their parents. The statue took seven years and three sculptors (the first one died) to complete. According to the city of Charlottesville's website, the statue was unveiled in 1924 by 100 cadets from the Virginia Military Institute who "paraded through the center of Charlottesville decorated with Confederate colors." The new statue was also reportedly greeted with loud cheers and a speech by then-president of "the University of Virginia Edwin Alderman and followed by parties and balls.
It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997. The registration form from the Department of the Interior states that the sculpture "remains undisturbed in its original location. Charlottesville will undoubtedly keep it there, for the monument is a unique to the most eminent Confederate hero of all and an outstanding example of the outdoor sculpture of the late City Beautiful movement."
It is now doubtful — though still possible — that Charlottesville will "keep it there." In February, the city council voted 3-2 to sell the statue, ignoring the recommendation of a commission that suggested moving it.
A group called Virginia's Sons of Confederate Veterans sued the city, alleging it did not have the right to remove the statute since it was a war memorial. A related group, and others, filed a lawsuit in New Orleans to block the removal of a Gen. Lee statue as well as one of Jefferson Davis. A federal appeals court said that city could remove its Confederate monuments.
City Councilor Bob Fenwick, who cast a tie-breaking vote in Charlottesville in April (that vote allowed the city to sell the statue), hoped the city council's action would put to bed more than a year of heated debate in their city. "For now, it is now time for our city to rest," they said, according to the Richmond Times-Dispatch.
But that didn't happen. The movement against removal of the statue grew — there is a Facebook group to Save the Robert E. Lee Statue and call for donations to "fund litigation to preserve our monuments." The backlash to the planned removal culminated in a white nationalist rally last weekend, which used the planned removal as a rallying cause. It is important to note, however, that the group behind hte lawsuit, SVC, condemned the Charlottesville rallies. Chaplain-in-chief Ray Parker wrote on Facebook over the weekend: "I condemn in the strongest possible way the actions, words, and beliefs of the KKK and other white supremacist groups."
The statue has also been tagged with graffiti several times in the past few years, including with "black lives matter" and "native land."
In May, a judge granted a temporary injunction, which meant the statue could not be removed for next six months. So, for now, the statue is still standing in what used to be Lee Park. Only the city council also voted earlier this year to rename the park, an action that was upheld by a judge. Gen. Lee now, rather ironically, sits in Emancipation Park.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Key market indicators to watch in French presidential election
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Danica Patrick admits the prudent thing would have been to “just keep walking” when they were booed by fans last weekend at Pocono Raceway.
Instead, Patrick approached those fans and lectured them, telling them “I have feelings.''
Patrick also told the fans: “My job is to not sign autographs, right? My job is to drive the car and tell the crew chief what is going on. I don't appreciate the boos. It hurts my feelings.''
While in Boston on Wednesday to promote next month's race at New Hampshire Motor Speedway, Patrick discussed what happened at Pocono.
They said they “had a moment,'' according to The Associated Press.
“Every now and again they just catch you in a moment, and I had a moment,” they said.
The episode started when Patrick was walking from pit road to the garage after qualifying at Pocono. Fans were cordoned on both sides to allow teams to pass by. An adult male fan slipped through and nearly reached Patrick before a security guard physically restrained the individual. The fan appeared to be holding something to sign.
Patrick turned to see what happened and kept walking. A few fans booed them and that's when they turned and walked toward those fans.
They said Wednesday they didn't sign for that man stopped by security because they “didn't feel it was right to honor that person for disrespecting the security guard.”
Patrick's comment to the fans that it's not their job to sign autographs has ignited a debate among NASCAR drivers on if it is their job.
Kevin Harvick, a teammate to Patrick at Stewart-Haas Racing, said on their SiriusXM NASCAR Radio show “Happy Hours” this week that: “I feel like signing autographs is 100 (percent) a part of my job description. It's just something that you should do.
“I feel like the fans are a big part of what we do. For me, it's important to support the fan base and the people that we have to give them what they want. I used to be one of those guys … ‘Dang it, I don't want to stop and sign autographs,' or ‘I don't want to do the autograph session.' … I believe signing autographs is definitely a part of what you do and a responsibility of every driver in that garage.''
Ryan Blaney, who scored their first career Cup win last weekend at Pocono, addressed the issue on their podcast “The Glass Case of Emotion” on Wednesday.
“I don't think it's part of our job to sign autographs, I think it's something that we should do,'' Blaney said. “I like to do it a lot. If you're worried about getting to your car, go early to where you have 10 minutes to stop and sign for fans. I mainly try to sign for kids. That's my priority.''
Dale Earnhardt Jr. also talked about the issue on their podcast, the Dale Jr. Download, this week.
“I hate it for Danica because it paints them in a bad light, but they brought it on herself,'' Earnhardt said. “You never know when a camera's rolling, whose watching. It's certainly true in that case.”
Earnhardt said signing autographs can help them if he's frustrated with their performance.
“The thing is I have found that what makes me feel better is actually going and signing autographs because the fans talk to you and go ‘I saw your qualifying, I saw it wasn't very good. No problem, you're going to get them tomorrow,'” Earnhardt said.
“That's all you really want to hear, from whoever is going to tell you that. You're feeling like crap, you're disappointed. … Actually going to talk to the fans and hearing their reinforcement, their positive reinforcement is good for me. I kind of seek that out in those moments because I know once I go through that process of signing some autographs, talking and interacting, you kind of get your priorities readjusted, what's important.''
Follow @dustinlong and on Facebook
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has called on their Derby County players to remain positive as the promotion run-in enters the final straight.
Three successive defeats and a run of only two wins in 13 has left the Rams in seventh and currently outside the Championship's play-off places.
They can climb back in if they take a point of three against second-placed Cardiff City at Pride Park Stadium tonight.
Derby lost 2-1 at home to Middlesbrough on Saturday , but Rowett's message to their players afterwards was to focus on the visit of Cardiff.
"We have to stay positive," they said.
"I said to the players there is no point dissecting the game for half an hour, we have got to move on."
Derby have three games left to book a play-off spot.
They also face Aston Villa at Villa Park and Barnsley at Pride Park.
"We cannot rediscover momentum because we have not got enough games, but what we have to do is just find a way to win a game," said Rowett.
"We have conceded the first goal in quite a lot of games recently, which I think has a psychological effect on the players.
"Maybe we just have to go out there and tough the game out.
"At the moment you can see if we go a goal down it just deflates the players a little bit. I can underestand that, but we have to go again Tuesday."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
For the first time, E3 is allowing the public inside. Now, everyday video game fans can get experience what industry insiders have flocked to for years!
E3 is a yearly event that gamers can't wait for. It's when video game companies show off their latest hardware and games. But until now, only industry insiders and journalists were allowed in. But this year, the public was invited in! The Entertainment Software Association, who organizes the show, sold 15,000 tickets to the general public at least $150 each.
"Forever, this show's been like Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory," explained Rich Taylor, Senior Vice President of Communications & Industry Affairs for the Entertainment Software Association. "E3's been that place for people for so long and it's awesome to finally open up the doors and have them share the experience."
I talked to fans that came to the event, being held in Downtown Los Angeles, from all over the United States.
"Why'd you want to go to E3?"
"Ever since I was a little kid, I've been into video games and stuff like that," gamer Jacob Pream told me.
"So what do you think?"
"It's been awesome. It's amazing!" said Pream, who just got to play upcoming games from Nintendo.
Although final numbers aren't in, it's estimated that 60,000 people are here to see the latest. Everything from new consoles to upcoming titles. An industry worth about $100 billion dollars.
Microsoft has an impressive presence at the show. They unveiled their next generation console called the Xbox One X. It can play games in 4K and the company says it's 40% more powerful than other consoles on the market. It will sell for $500 on November 7.
At Sony, no new hardware, but a focus on franchise titles. The company announced they've sold more than 60 million PS4's.
At Nintendo, Mario is front and center! Gamers got to play the upcoming Super Mario Odyssey, which launches for Switch in October.
Developers we talked to say there seems to be a bigger emphasis on the games this year.
"That makes the floor a lot more interesting to walk around especially if we're letting the public in for the first year," said game developer Karl Standish.
Another couple I talked with traveled from Nebraska.
"Everyone I play games with is like 'Oh, you're going to E3! Tell us what you see.' I'm going to be able to bring a lot of this back and show them what I found," said gamer Taylor McIntosh, attending with their wife Emily.
"You play with these people all the time but to see how big the gamer community really is. It's kind of mind-blowing," concluded Emily.
How Theresa May called for a snap election in June 2017
Theresa May announces plans for an early election
Richard Ashcroft - This is How it Feels
Lee and Whitney 'dirty dance' for Children in Need
Watch the the Chancellor announce the Budget 2017
Young boy took Cannabis which led to their miraculo
Scientists uncover the mystery of why shoelaces c
Theresa May - 'This is my plan for Britain'
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arron Banks has confirmed they will run against the party's former MP Douglas Carswell in Clacton.
The Ukip donor made the announcement on Twitter ahead of the upcoming general election.
When one social media user asked Mr Banks if they were planning to stand in the 8 June vote, they replied: "Yes."
Carswell, who defected as a Conservative MP to Ukip in 2014 before quitting Ukip in March, reacted to the announcement this morning.
They wrote on Twitter: "If you voted UKIP in 2015, it's job done".
Former leader Nigel Farage recently called on Mr Carswell to quit accusing them of "actively working against UKIP".
Writing on their website, Mr Carswell said: "I switched to UKIP because I desperately wanted us to leave the EU. Now we can be certain that that is going to happen, I have decided that I will be leaving UKIP.
"I will not be switching parties, nor crossing the floor to the Conservatives, so do not need to call a by election, as I did when switching from the Conservatives to UKIP. I will simply be the Member of Parliament for Clacton, sitting as an independent.
"I will leave UKIP amicably, cheerfully and in the knowledge that we won."
Mr Carswell said: "I will be putting all of my effort into tackling some of the local problems affecting the NHS in our part of Essex... Local comes first."
Mr Carswell, 45, first entered the Commons in 2005 as MP for Harwich, defeating Labour's candidate by just 920 votes. By 2010 they defeated the same opponent by 12,000 votes - although boundary changes had seen the seat renamed Clacton.
They took the seat with a 3,437 majority at the general election in 2015
UKIP MEP for the West Midlands Bill Etheridge said they were "delighted" at the announcement.
Theresa May announced a shock General Election on Tuesday morning.
May has called an early general election for June 8 in an announcement which has stunned Westminster.
The Prime Minister had repeatedly denied that they would call an election before the next scheduled poll in 2020.
But following a Cabinet meeting at Downing Street they said they would go to the country this year.
Members of Parliament have reacted on social media to the news of a snap general election called by May this morning.
Andy Burnham, the Labour MP for Leith who ran for leadership of the Labour Party in 2015, accused the Prime Minister and the Conservatives of putting the party's interests "before the national interest".
Jess Phillips, Labour MP for Birmingham Yardley, echoed Mr Burnham's statement, saying: "So much for putting party before country".
Deputy leader of the Scottish National Party Angus Robertson, said: "Whatever happened to 'now is not the time'? UK General Election: 8th June. Straight choice in Scotland between @theSNP and Tories. #VoteSNP".
MIAMI BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - Police have arrested two men accused of being involved in a recent Miami Beach drug bust.
Thirty-six-year-old Rafy Rodriguez and Lazaro Perez were arrested overnight on Tuesday. Police have charged Rodriguez with cocaine trafficking, cocaine possession and selling cocaine.
Perez was arrested on an unrelated warrant for a traffic violation.
On Monday night, police raided two units inside a Miami Beach apartment complex. Those who live in the area said drug transactions could be happening in more than two units.
“Here's the culmination of a four-month long investigation where our narcotics undercover detectives from our Miami Beach Police Department street crimes unit have made multiple narcotics purchases from an individual,” said Miami Beach Police Capt. Daniel Morgalo. “At the moment, we're executing a search warrant at three different locations pursuant to that investigation.”
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
So you think you can dance … for the Heat? Twenty-three lovely young ladies just proved they can do exactly that. And soon we'll be able to see them gettin' down on the court for Miami Heat games.
Congratulations are in order for the ladies who can now call themselves Miami Heat Dancers.
But they didn't get here without a lot of hard work and, of course, plenty of booty shaking.
Fifty hopefuls went through boot camp last week, but only the best of the best made it through to this weekend's finals at the Littman Theater in North Miami Beach.
You know what's hotter than Miami in August? This!
Natalia Gonzalez, Heat Dancers director: “The Miami Heat Dancers are going to be nothing but sizzle and hot on that dance court.”
Among this season's Miami Heat dancers are newcomers…
Adriana, dancer: “It's just a million feelings all at once. I am so excited and so happy to be able to now say that I am a Miami Heat Dancer.”
Ashley, dancer: “I used to come with my parents to all the Heat games, so I've always looked up to the Heat Dancers, so now to be in this moment right now, and be given an opportunity to be a Heat Dancer, is so heartfelt.”
And returning dancers who've been there, done that — but are still fired up to be part of the squad.
Adrianna, dancer: “Just hearing my name called, I just started to cry because I love my team, I love this organization, and I worked so hard to fight for a second year.”
The Heat are hoping to light up the court this season, and now they have their dance squad to help add the spark.
Natalia Gonzalez: “October 1st, first preseason game, we're gonna bring it, and it's gonna be nothing but fire.”
FOR MORE INFO:
Miami Heat Dancers
http://www.nba.com/heat/dance/heat-dancers/
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
222222222222🌀 A post shared by indialove (@indialove) on Feb 3, 2018 at 3:46am PST
Today is India Love's 22nd birthday — the young Instagram model from Los Angeles — and what better way to celebrate social media fame and making it past 21 these days than to drop a rap song.
Yes, India Love is now a rapper and recently dropped their first song featuring Will.I.AM entitled “Loco.”
Folks on social media had a lot to say about Love's new career change.
India love listening to y'all critiques as they start writing another rap. pic.twitter.com/JXnH4rhYmp — whoremone monster® (@Lesbihonestx3) February 2, 2018
i mean…y'all bump Gucci Gang Gucci Gang like that's the best rap song to knock. so india love can pop awf. lol! https://t.co/0J0RHuRJoC — ahliyah (@ahliyahmichelle) February 2, 2018
india love tryna rap pic.twitter.com/djf0YDSU8T — ㅤㅤ (@spicymeech) February 2, 2018
Hit us up on Twitter and Facebook to share your thoughts. See check out the full “Loco” video.
1 2Next page »
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lidl claimed it was the "fastest growing supermarket" over Christmas after booking a 16% leap in festive sales in December, although it did not give a breakdown of like-for-like sales.
Fellow German chain Aldi also notched up a double-digit rise, helping it rake in over £10 billion in turnover last year for the first time as festive shoppers snapped up luxury products and cut-price vegetables.
Aldi opened its first UK store some 26 years ago - right here in Birmingham.
The retailer, which has 762 stores in the UK, reiterated its long-term strategy to have a network of 1,000 by 2022.
The retailer routinely attracts shoppers with special events, reducing stock and offering huge discounts, deals and savings on an array of goods - be it food or furniture.
But, if you're an Aldi regular, the chances are you're only too aware of its customer assistants - and how fast they scan your shopping at the checkout.
One shopper who found the speed too much launched a petition to the Government calling on Aldi to make scanning at its checkout lanes slower, reports Devon Live .
The petition called for the budget supermarket to slow down its ultra fast scanning to ''make it easier for us to pack items''.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The petition read: ''It's a common experience now to be rushed at Aldi while cashiers launch our food items through at a rate we can't keep up with and then ask us for money while we are scrambling to organize a huge pile of food in time.''
The petition was rejected by the Government, however, because ''it's about something that the UK Government or Parliament is not responsible for''.
(Image: PA)
The supermarket was asked to explain why its checkout assistants pack so fast – some customers have compared it to a tennis match between staff and shopper – and their answer at least hints there is logic behind the speed they scan.
We were told staff members are “encouraged” to be as efficient as possible, which helps to keep the prices low.
That said, they also accept that some people may need to pack at different speeds and that checkout assistants are trained to alter the rate at which they scan so that they match the pace the shopper can go at.
Bosses claim their checkouts are 40% speedier than rivals.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
The Carmel Ardito School of Dance will present “The Young Dancer,” featuring “When I Grow Up” performed by the junior company members of the Peckville Studio. The show will be held on Sunday, June 3, beginning at 3 p.m. Tickets are available at the studio, from participating students, or at the door beginning at 2 p.m. From left, front row: Natalie Lowry, Hannah Callejas, Eva Tomassoni and Megan Dupay. Standing: Lea Giovagnoli, Antonia Piraino and Madeline Demansky. Kneeling: Olivia DePrato.
The Group Managing Director, Alpha Mead Limited, Nigeria's leading total real estate solutions company, Femi Akintunde, an engineer, has described the deplorable state of the nation's infrastructure as a major reason for the dwindling inflow of Foreign Direct Investment, FDI, into the country.
Akintunde who disclosed this while responding to questions on the Business Morning Show aired on Channels TV recently, described the country's attitude to maintenance of infrastructure as appalling and disheartening considering the huge investment made in the 70s to construct these public assets.
According to him, the poor state of the nation's infrastructure across key sectors of the economy such as aviation, healthcare, logistics, transportation and education, naturally heightens the risk factor for investors willing to open up new business opportunities in the country.
“The state of a country's infrastructure has a direct impact on the economy,” the real estate expert said, explaining that the absence of the requisite infrastructure has continued to hinder the smooth flow of business and commercial activities thereby dampening investors' confidence in the economy.
They said Nigeria's infrastructure gap has significantly widened in recent times owing to the poor management of the country's existing assets, pointing out that a facilities management company such as Alpha Mead can readily support the government to address this through strategic solutions targeted at maximising the life cycle of these assets at optimal costs Painting a vivid picture of the current situation, the Alpha Mead boss argued that the poor state of most public assets such as roads often leaves business owners scrambling for alternative means of transporting goods and services within the country. They noted that the negative effect of this trend ranges from stifling business environment, high operational cost to decreasing employment opportunities and reduced earning capacity for the populace.
Continuing, they noted that the inability of the government to maintain some of the country's most priced assets such as the National Theatre and Stadium led to their current dilapidated state, losing their relevance in contributing to the economy and social well-being of the populace.
“However, as facility managers, we have been trained to connect people with the space where they live, work and play by ensuring that their real estate assets remain functional, viable and provide them with the necessary support for a pleasurable living experience and smooth flow of business and commercial activities,” they said.
According to him, Alpha Mead currently manages a wide range of real estate assets across every segment of the property market, one of which is the biggest car park in Nigeria, where the company delivers value by effecting global best practices, processes, procedures to ensure optimal utilization and maintenance of the facility.
Responding to questions on the high cost of maintaining infrastructure and public assets, Akintunde emphatically stated that the value a maintained asset offers to its users when consistently maintained clearly outweighs the cost of resuscitating such infrastructure when it is completely worn out.
They further argued that one of the reasons public assets are not effectively managed is because often times the decision makers are not presented with a coherent data on the cost savings and value addition a FM company can deliver on such asset.
To him, the government, business owners and leaders must begin to evaluate facilities management from a value addition perspective rather than expenditure. “Organizations, business entities and government functionaries must begin to appreciate the huge impact of FM on their real estate assets and business support services and not see them as cost centres”, Akintunde stated.
All-rounder Alex Hughes has committed their long-term future to Derbyshire by signing a new three-year deal to keep them at the club until the end of the 2020 season.
The 26-year-old, who has progressed from the club's academy, enjoyed a career-best campaign in 2017, featuring in every domestic game and hitting 800 first-class runs, including a career-high 142 against Gloucestershire in September.
Hughes was also a mainstay in the county's limited-overs teams, firing more than 350 runs and topping the club's batting averages in the Royal London One-Day Cup. Marking a memorable year, Hughes was awarded their county cap in September and was named player of the year at the club's end-of-season awards evening.
Captain Billy Godleman said: “Alex is a great lad and works hard at their game. They offer us a range of skills across all forms and we're pleased to see them commit their future to the club.
“He is developing into a high-class batsman, a very capable bowler and an exceptional fielder.  They are a real team man and an individual we can build a side around for years to come.”
Hughes said: “I'm delighted to sign a new contract. Hopefully I can repay the club's faith in me with more good performances.”
This photo provided by the wildlife park Bearizona in Williams, Ariz., shows two orphaned bear cubs, Wednesday, May 30, 2018, that have been placed in the care of the wildlife rescue park near the Grand Canyon after their mother was euthanized. The park said the 4-month-old black bears were rescued from a treetop in Arizona's White Mountains, and were so small a climber was able to lower them to safety in a backpack. The park says the Arizona Game and Fish Department was forced to euthanize the cubs' mother after twice removing them from a residential area in the town of Pinetop-Lakeside. (Bearizona via AP)
Robot bricklayers are putting thousands of construction jobs at risk, it has emerged.
The Semi-Automated Mason – or SAM for short – can lay an astounding 3,000 bricks a day in comparison with a construction worker's average of 500.
SAM's mortar nozzle pumps concrete onto the brick before its robotic arm places it on the wall.
It is the creation of New York-based Construction Robotics and has already replaced humans on a handful of sites across America.
It's made up of a conveyor-belt, mortar pump and robotic arm.
One builder helps feed the bricks into the machine, which are picked up by the robotic arm, slathered in mortar, and placed on the wall.
A second worker will smooth over the excess joint mortar.
Construction Robotics is bringing its creation to the United Kingdom “in coming months” and in discussions with construction companies.
‘Robots will soon be on construction sites doing jobs that humans do, but faster.' - Richard Valentine-Selsey
A third of Britain's construction workers are aged 50 or older, according to the latest figures.
That means around 620,000 are expected to retire within the next decade — amid a chronic housing shortage.
Richard Valentine-Selsey, a construction consultant, said it was likely that robots would arrive on British building sites within two years.
“Robots will soon be on construction sites doing jobs that humans do, but faster,” Valentine-Selsey told The Times.
The robots have been met with resistance from the construction workforce.
Commenters on the company's YouTube account, which shows SAM at work, pointed out the robot's limitations.
One wrote: “Can you post a video of the robot building corners, piers, window openings? Can it adjust coursing or plumbness for screw-ups on the job or wrong steel heights?”
“Can it set lintels and install flashing?”
While YouTube commenters lashed out at the SAM, a company spokesperson said that the machine has no problem with piers or window openings and can be adjusted on the fly to handle plumbness. The rep did admit, however, that the machine cannot deal with corners.
SAM costs companies around $20,000 for six units per month and would need heavy supervision.
It's not just brickies who should beware. A third of jobs are under threat from robots — with transport, factory and retail jobs most at risk, according to accountancy firm PwC.
Acacia Mining PLC says no agreement has been reached yet with the Tanzanian government over the metallic mineral concentrate controversy....
read more...
Published By: The Citizen - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Missouri man who died in a deadly semi crash in Preble County Monday has been identified. Ohio State Highway Patrol said speed was a factor in the crash that killed Theodore Stocker, III, 41, who's semi ran into the back end of a flatbed trailer.
Stocker worked for Swift Transportation. A search of the U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration showed Swift Transportation drivers have been involved in more than 650 crashes over the past two years, and of those crashes, 65 were fatal like Monday night's multi-vehicle crash in Preble County.
Swift transportation has over 21,000 drivers on the road.
A Safety Measurement System report also revealed the company has roughly 40,000 inspections and 46-percent included violations.
Swift Transportation did not return our calls for comment.
5R8UR,5R8UJ,5R8GC
02.01.2017-12.01.2017
DXCC: Madagascar
Zone: 39
Nosy Be Island (AF-057) by Frank/DL2SWW, Gaby/DF9TM and Baldur/DJ6SI.
Cluster spots
Refresh spots
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Youngsters Jayden Bogle, Luke Thomas and Timi Elsnik are with Derby County's first-team squad at a training camp in Tenerife.
They will be looking to impress new manager Frank Lampard, who is preparing the Rams for the Championship campaign.
Bogle, who turns 18 this month, is a right back and Thomas is a 19-year-old winger. Both travelled with the match-day squads towards the end of last season.
Elsnik, a 20-year-old midfielder, has made three senior appearances for the Rams - all in the League Cup - and they played 25 games on loan at Swindon Town last season.
Derby's Academy director Darren Wassall hopes the trio provide an incentive to others.
"It's a clean slate here for everyone with a new manager and we have said to everyone ‘go out and make an impression,'” Wassall told RamsTV
The Academy players returned for pre-season training this week.
"We have first-year scholars who have started as full-time players so they are a bit apprehensive and nervous, but also excited," Wassall added.
"We have got the second-year scholars and under-23s players who have seen it all before, but we have reiterated that if they make an impression in these five, six weeks, then who knows where that will take them?”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Swansea City are set to rival West Bromwich Albion by stepping up their interest in Barnsley right-back Andy Yiadom.
The Ghana international, 26, is out of contract at Oakwell at the end of the season.
They have rejected a new deal and Barnsley are set to cash in on them in January.
The Yorkshire club had originally been asking for £3million for the attacking full-back.
But the Tykes are now willing to drop their price and the Premier League Swans have started to negotiate, according to the Mirror.
Long-term admirers Swansea are moving quickly to try to head off rival top-flight interest from West Brom, who have been scouting the defender.
Yiadom nearly moved to promoted Huddersfield in the summer but a deal was aborted due to injury concerns.
Yiadom has made 44 appearances for Barnsley since joining the Championship outfit from League Two side Barnet last summer.
Albion currently have Allan Nyom as first choice right-back, in place of the injured Craig Dawson.
New boss Pardew has every faith in the players recommended by Nicky Hammond and their network of scouts having worked with the Baggies technical director before.
They said: “I have some good history with Nicky Hammond in terms of what we did at Reading.
“I trust them 100 per cent on the transfer front and the scouting team.
“I looked at that scouting team and there is a lot of knowledge and experience in there."
Looking ahead to January
Alan Pardew must be wondering what they have got themselves in for.
Opening games against Crystal Palace and Swansea gave the boss a perfect opportunity to get off to a flying start in their new role.
Instead a disappointing draw and an morale-sapping defeat quickly ended any hopes of a ‘bounce' often associated with the appointment of a new boss.
Make no mistake, it's not Pardew's fault that Albion lost 1-0 to previous basement boys Swansea at the Liberty Stadium.
He's only been at the club a week!
And they started with three strikers in an attempt to take the game to the struggling Welsh outfit, and made positive substitutions when it was going to plan.
They even said after the game: “I played every attacker I had available' but sadly it wasn't enough.
Pardew might not have got off to the flying start that they would have wanted, but neither did David Moyes at West Ham.
And look what happened to them this weekend.
A win against Chelsea was the last thing anyone expected and that just shows how unpredictable the Premier League can be at times.
Albion now need a freak result of their own to get back on track.
Step up Liverpool. At Anfield. If Pardew means business then what a place to get it going.
Listen to our latest podcast
Fan reaction
Smethwick Albion: I really think our team is missing the influence of Brunt. I know there are a few who simply dont like them in the team (I respect that view) but when he's on song he's the most influential player we have.
Andy : If we get relegated this season, (and personally i dont care), it won't be because we got rid of Pulis, it'll be because we didn't get rid of them earlier....much earlier
Ricky Beasley: Someone needs to bin the green #wba kit
Andy Leeman: Until I see Krychowiak & Yacob together in the middle with Burke , Chadli & Phillips in front of them with Rondon up top and a back 4 Of Gibbs, Evans Hegazi and Dawson I will continue to say we have not seen our best team on the pitch all season.
Zomeo Rondervan: On a positive note 2 wins could take us 10th. On a negative note, where the chuffin ell those 2 wins come from is anybody's guess..
John Doe: I always hope that three teams would be worse than #wba and keep us safe from relegation. After today I am struggling to think of one.
Shaun Armstrong: It just might be that it will take the experience of the old guard of Brunt & Morrison to save our season.....what a fairy tale ending that could for them at #WBA
Jack Phillips: Definitely think Pardew is yet able to field their strongest team. 3 of our most attacking players still out along with arguably our most consistent player over the last 3 seasons, Dawson.
by
SHERIFF 1-3-17
12/19
Drew Herbert Telford, 34, St. Andrews Wy, EP. Out of county warrant for failure to appear/traffic offense. Released due to overcrowding.
12/22
Nathaniel Terrance Harl Golden, 18, Avenue G, WC. Possession of a controlled substance and unlawful entry into a motor vehicle. Released on own recognizance.
David Allen Shields, 55, S. Royal Ave, EP. Resisting arrest. Community Justice Work Center.
Zackary Vincent Ward, 34, Dodge Rd, WC. Possession of a controlled substance/heroin and resisting arrest. Released on own recognizance.
Ronald Leroy Satterfield, Jr, 44, Lampman Rd, GH. Failure to appear for contempt violation of a restraining order x 2. Released due to overcrowding.
Scottie Keith Hulbert, 25, Sarah Park Cr, EP. Harassment. Released due to overcrowding.
12/23
Salvador Sabino, 23, Terr-mont St, WC. DUII/alcohol, reckless driving, and hit and run. Released on own recognizance.
Tamara Sheree Berhow, 43, Merry Ln, WC. Parole violation for theft 2, possession of a controlled substance/meth and theft 2. Released on bail.
April Sue Crowder, 39, Maple St, SC. Theft 3 x 5 and criminal mistreatment x 5. Released due to overcrowding.
Jordan Dale Agnew, 18, S. Shasta Ave, EP. Possession of a controlled substance/meth x 2, theft 2 x 2, and failure to appear for trespassing 2 x 2. Released due to overcrowding.
Elijah Sterling Taylor, 23, Mill Creek Dr, Prospect. Endangerment, disorderly conduct, harassment, menacing and criminal mischief 3. Released due to overcrowding,
Bryson Eric Clark, 30, Gorge Rd, Prospect. Child neglect2 and failure to appear and failure to pay for arson 2. Released due to overcrowding.
12/24
Martin Keith Hutton, 51, Antioch Rd, WC. Assault 1, assault 2, endangerment, and criminal mischief.
12/25
William Lee Williams, 34, Hill Wy, WC. Failure to register as a sex offender 1 and 2. Does not meet lodging criteria to stay.
12/26
Jason Walter Jon Bates, 42, W. Rolling Hills Dr, EP. Parole violation for burglary 2. Released due to overcrowding.
Andre Leon Bilodeau, 34, Lampman Rd, GH. Failure to appear for possession of controlled substances/meth and heroin. Released due to overcrowding.
Evelynn Keziah Enriquez, 29, Meadow Ln, Trail. Failure to appear: Possession of a controlled substance/meth, DUII/alcohol, endangerment x 4, resisting arrest, criminal mischief, disorderly conduct, harassment, driving while suspended, and theft 2. Released due to overcrowding.
Shawn Christopher Wilson, 47, Red Blanket Rd, Prospect. Contempt violation of a no-contact order.
12/27
James Alan Rose, 42, Gladstone Ave, WC. Failure to appear for contempt of non-support. Released on bail.
Jesus Marinez-Mendez, 38, Falcon St, WC. DUII/alcohol and hit and run. Released on own recognizance.
Michelle Lee Johnson, 50, Falcon St, WC. Distribution of a controlled substance/heroin and possession of a controlled substance/heroin. Released on own recognizance.
Javier Ruiz Rodriguez, 41, Via Verde Cr, WC. Disorderly conduct 2.
Diego Geovanny Lopez, 32, Mill Creek Dr, Prospect. Parole violation for unlawful use of a motor vehicle x 2, unlawful use of a motor vehicle, attempting to elude/vehicle, and failure to appear: DUII/drug, manufacture of controlled substances/meth and heroin, distribution of controlled substances/meth and heroin, felony possession of a restricted weapon x 2, and felony possession of a weapon x 2.
Taylor Nicole Shull, 21, Mill Creek Dr, Prospect. Unlawful use of a motor vehicle, hindering, and failure to appear for theft 3.
12/28
Robert George Thompson, 74, Antioch Rd, WC. Wildlife offense. Released on own recognizance.
Melissa Ann Swank, 414, Crossway Dr, GH. California fugitive.
Christina Kimberly Winkle, 31, Barbur Ct, WC. Idaho fugitive.
Christopher Jon Serres, 45, Eagle View Dr, EP. Assault 4 and harassment.
John Wayne Buckley, Jr, 35, Antelope Rd, WC. Failure to appear for distribution of a controlled substance/meth and possession of a controlled substance/meth.
12/29/16 Jacinto Velazquez-Benitez, 39, Avenue G, WC. Failure to appear for DUII/alcohol.
Harvey Weinstein arrives for arraignment after being arrested and processed on charges of rape, committing a criminal sex act, sexual abuse and sexual misconduct on May 25, 2018 in New York City. Steven Ferdman/Getty Images
A New York City grand jury indicted disgraced Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein on charges of rape and a criminal sexual act of the first degree, the Manhattan District Attorney's Office announced Wednesday. Weinstein, who was arrested and arraigned Friday afternoon, has been accused of numerous sexual assaults and harassment by dozens of women over a decades-long career, but the indictments are the result of specific allegations made by two women—Lucia Evans, who says Weinstein forced them to perform oral sex on them in 2004 and another woman, who has not been publicly identified, who says Hollywood powerbroker raped them in a New York City hotel in 2013.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged,” Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said in a statement. “Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs. The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand.”
The indictment was handed down shortly after Weinstein's attorney announced their client would not appear before the grand jury because they were granted insufficient time to prepare and “denied access to critical information about this case.” Weinstein's legal team also attempted to paint the pursuit of the serial abuser as a political hatchet job and “inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on [Manhattan District Attorney] Cy Vance to secure a conviction.”
Weinstein is currently out on $1 million bail and wearing a court-ordered ankle bracelet.
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tyson Fury believes Sefer Seferi will prove the durable opponent they need to shake off the ring rust ahead of their eagerly-anticipated comeback next month.
Fury begins their quest to once again reign supreme in the heavyweight division at the Manchester Arena on June 9, more than two-and-a-half years since they were last in action.
A combination of personal issues and an anti-doping case have kept the Briton sidelined since they captured three of the four major world titles in boxing's blue riband division by defeating Wladimir Klitschko in November 2015.
Still the lineal heavyweight champion, Fury resumes their professional career against a 39-year-old Albanian opponent who has spent the majority of their boxing life in the cruiserweight division, but has only been beaten once in 24 contests and never been stopped.
Fury (25-0, 18KOs) insists they will learn nothing from a first-round knockout and is confident Seferi can provide them with the challenge they require.
They said: "These Albanian fellas are very, very teak tough. That's why I picked someone who is very tough.
"I need the rounds because I've been out for how many days I don't know, I've been out for a long time.
"I need rounds. I don't need a knockout after 10 seconds. I need someone who's tough, can take the punches and who can keep coming forward and put me under pressure."
Seferi's most high-profile contest up to now has been a 10-round decision loss to the current WBA world heavyweight champion Manuel Charr in September 2016.
The 39-year-old, whose brother Nuri lost to Britain's former world heavyweight champion Herbie Hide 10 years ago, will be a huge underdog.
However, Fury is adamant they are not underestimating Seferi.
Fury added: "I'm taking them deadly serious. This is a world title fight for me. Every one of these people who come to fight me are challenging me for my lineal heavyweight status.
"I think he's good, I think he's good enough. Any man who's had 24 fights and only lost one on points and never been knocked out can't be a pushover.
"Even if he's fought Romanian road sweepers, they all taking knocking out. Try punching someone and knocking them out, it's quite hard. They will be able to punch no doubt. A chin is a chin and if they hit me on mine, I'll go over clearly.
"But if I'm as good as I think I am, I should beat them comfortably.
"If I'm useless, I'll lose and you can't say fairer than that."
Metro police are investigating a crash at Nellis Boulevard and Sahara Avenue on June 14, 2017. (Source: LVACS)
Police are at the scene of a crash on June 14. 2017. (Roger Bryner/FOX5)
A moped driver was critically injured in a crash with a cement truck Wednesday afternoon, according to Las Vegas Metro police.
Police responded to the incident at 2:17 p.m. at the intersection of Sahara Avenue and Nellis Boulevard.
Police said the driver of the moped was taken to Sunrise Hospital with critical injuries.
Metro's Fatal Detail has been requested to investigate the crash.
Police urge motorists to use alternate routes because the intersection has been shut down.
The intersection of the Sahara at Nellis is temporarily closed due to an injury crash. Please find alternate routes. #LVMPDnews — LVMPD (@LVMPD) June 14, 2017
Stay with FOX5 and FOX5Vegas.com for developments.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
J.B. Pritzker speaks at the Clinton Global Initiative America meeting in Chicago in 2013. Photo illustration by Slate. Photo by Jim Young/Reuters.
Illinois voters head to the polls in the second statewide primary in the nation this year, and the results will shed some more light on how Democrats and Republicans are navigating their internal divisions in the lead-up to the midterms. But unlike the congressional races in Texas earlier this month, the party infighting in Illinois has threatened even some multiterm incumbents.
Governor's race
How much is money worth in a primary race driven by ideological purity? Republican Gov. Brett Rauner and Democrat J.B. Pritzker—a multimillionaire and a billionaire, respectively—remain the heavy front-runners in their primaries, but neither of the obscenely wealthy men has been able to coast to the nomination despite spending tens of millions of dollars. Rauner has drawn a stronger-than-expected challenge from state Rep. Jeanne Ives, a conservative firebrand trying their best to replicate Donald Trump's campaign formula of bigotry and anger. And Pritzker has found themselves pushed by Chris Kennedy—son of Robert F. Kennedy—and Daniel Biss, a suburban state senator who has gone after Pritzker for being slow to endorse Barack Obama for re-election in 2012.
Ives has come at Rauner hard from the right on social issues, including abortion, marriage equality, and transgender rights, the latter of which they claim is “something that is made up from the media.” They also drew a rebuke from their own party for an offensive television ad that featured a procession of conservative boogeymen—a black woman in a Chicago Teachers Union shirt, a white woman in a pink knit cap, etc.—“thanking” Rauner for their help. The Democratic Governors Association, sensing an opportunity, has begun to meddle in the GOP race as well. They recently began airing an ad calling Ives “too conservative,” but doing it in a way clearly designed to boost their standing among Republican primary voters.
Rauner also has plenty of problems of their own making. They spent much of their first term clashing with Democrats over everything from labor unions to schools, and they drew sharp criticism for their administration's handling of an outbreak of Legionnaires' disease in a state-run veterans facility that claimed the lives of more than a dozen people.
Pritzker has their own baggage as well, most notably FBI wiretaps on which they talk to then-Gov. Rod Blagojevich in 2008 about how Blagojevich might fill Obama's old Senate seat, and about the possibility of appointing Pritzker as state treasurer if the opportunity were to arise. During those talks, Pritzker described Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White, who is black, as the “the least offensive” option for Senate and someone who would provide cover “on the African-American thing.” Pritzker initially struggled to contain the fallout from leaders in the black community, but appears to have overcome some of those concerns. White themselves introduced Pritzker to parishioners in a series of church visits on Sunday morning.
3rd Congressional District
For most of their career, Rep. Daniel Lipinski has been an afterthought for national Democrats, comfortably holding down a safe seat in a suburban Chicago district that was gifted to them by their father in 2004. But not this year. Lipinski, one of the most conservative Democrats in Congress, is facing a spirited challenge from Marie Newman, a former marketing consultant who decided to run after the Women's March and has the backing of powerful groups on the left and center of the Democratic Party, as well as support from the likes of Bernie Sanders, Kirsten Gillibrand, and a team of former Barack Obama aides.
Lipinski, meanwhile, has largely been left hanging by the establishment. House leaders have offered the obligatory cursory support for a member of their own caucus, but with the exception of Lipinski's fellow Blue Dogs, no big names have stepped forward to offer a full-throated endorsement. One reason for that is that the seven-term member of congress looks more than a little out of place in today's Democratic Party. In addition to being staunchly anti-abortion, they voted against recognizing same-sex marriage, against the DREAM Act, and against Obamacare. Party leaders say they don't believe in litmus tests for candidates, and while that may be generally true, it's also clear that they have little interest in going to war with the left in a primary like this one, where the winner is pretty much a lock to keep the seat blue this November.
Given Lipinski's name recognition and deep ties in a district that they and their father have represented since 1993, it remains very possible he'll prevail on Tuesday despite the Democratic pile-on. But a poll from late last month showed the two in a statistical dead heat—Lipinski 43 percent, Newman 41—and that was before Sanders got involved personally, and Obama by proxy. A Newman victory would suggest the Blue Dogs' days may be numbered in Congress, particularly in liberal-leaning districts, but a Lipinski win would bolster their case that moderate Democrats can still compete almost anywhere in the country.
4th Congressional District
There should be far less suspense in this safely Democratic district. Pretty much immediately after Democratic Rep. Luis V. Gutiérrez unexpectedly announced they were retiring at the end of this term, they endorsed Cook County Commissioner Jesús “Chuy” García as their successor. Bernie Sanders later jumped on board as well, making Garcia, who mounted a progressive challenge to Mayor Rahm Emanuel in Chicago in 2015, one of only a handful of congressional candidates Sanders has personally endorsed this year.
García and Gutiérrez faced some early criticism about what looked an awful like an orchestrated handoff, one that effectively cleared the field for García. Regardless, the political gamesmanship seems to have worked, and neither of the other two Democrats running have been able to break through. The polling has been a bit spotty in the district, but an internal survey commissioned by Garcia from January suggests they began the year with a massive head start in both name ID and support. There's little reason to believe anything's changed since.
6th Congressional District
Rep. Peter Roskam has no GOP challenger, but seven Democrats are competing for the chance to unseat them this November in a race on the DCCC's wish list. Democrats would love to flip any seat, but this one would prove sweeter than most given Roskam's role in helping pass the GOP's tax overhaul and their continued efforts to dismantle Obamacare.
The Democratic favorites look to be: Kelly Mazeski, who has worked in local government and has the backing of EMILY's List and Illinois Rep. Jan Schakowsky, a member of the DCCC leadership team; Sean Casten, a clean-energy entrepreneur who has drawn support from the local climate crowd and a former environmental adviser in the Clinton administration; and Amanda Howland, an attorney who easily won the Democratic nomination in 2016, but who went on to lose to Roskam by 18 percentage points despite the district going for Hillary Clinton by 7 percentage points in November.
Both Mazeski and Casten have invested heavily in their own campaigns, giving them an edge in advertising. But given the crowded field is likely to split the vote, it's difficult to handicap this one. Whoever does win, though, will enter as the underdog against Roskam, who has won their last three terms by an average of more than 20 percentage points.
Milwaukee Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo, left, from Greece, knocks the ball loose from Cleveland Cavaliers' LeBron James in the first half of an NBA basketball game, Monday, March 19, 2018, in Cleveland. Tony Dejak AP Photo
Developing...
Live Updates: Washington In Shock After A Gunman Opens Fire On Republican Congressmen
"We are united in our shock and anguish," Speaker Paul Ryan said after a gunman opened fire on Republicans at baseball practice, injuring five people. "An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us."
The headliner is a rematch of former lightweight champion and world No. 3 Eddie Alvarez and No. 4 Dustin Poirier. Their bout a year ago in Dallas ended in a no-contest when Alvarez illegally kneed Poirier in the head.
Both fighters are angling for a shot at the title, currently held by undefeated Russian Khabib Nurmagomedov
For Alvarez (29-5 and one no-contest), this is their last fight on their current contract.
"I enjoy putting everything on the line. I do really well in those situations," the 34-year-old said. "As I get older and I understand myself more and how I perform more, I am purposefully putting myself in those situations because I know how to respond.
"The winner of this fight is fighting for the world title next. That's what on the line, but what's always on the line is my skin and my name. My name and putting Dustin Poirier's name in my resume. Another champion and formidable opponent conquered."
Alvarez contends Poirier (23-5 and one no-contest) wanted to quit their last bout and that only one of three their knees to Poirier's head was illegal.
"Anything they say I think he's trying to save face or make themselves feel better about what happened, but I'm just glad they signed again because we've been trying to get this rematch for over a year now," said Poirier, 29.
"There are a lot of big things riding on this fight for me. I believe one hundred per cent that a win over Eddie Alvarez at this point in my career puts me in line for the next shot at the world title."
Brazil's Jose Aldo versus Erik Koch was to be the premiere fight in Calgary in 2012 when Aldo was featherweight champ, but both men were too injured to battle.
Aldo, now No. 2 with a career 26-4 record, gets another chance in Calgary as the co-main bout with No. 4 Jeremy Stephens (28-14).
The top women's fight features world No. 1 strawweight Joanna Jedrzejczyk (14-2) and No. 5 Tecia Torres (10-2).
"The quality of those six athletes in those three fights are ranked in the top five," Shaw said. "Each of those could be a main event on a standard fight night."
Homegrown fighters on the undercard include Calgary's Hakeem Dawodu (7-1-1) versus Austin Arnett (15-5), as well as Jordan Mein of Lethbridge, Alta., (30-12) taking on Alex Morono (14-4, one no-contest).
By Donna Spencer, The Canadian Press
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jeremy Corbyn confirmed that there is a place for Chris Williamson on the front bench while a loud onlooker called the Labour leader a “traitor”.
Mr Corbyn walked around Belper town centre on Saturday afternoon to meet and greet local people and visit local shops and businesses.
One resident voiced their opposition to their visit, calling them a traitor and shouting at them as they were being interviewed.
But this didn't put the opposition leader off as they fielded questions from the press including a response to the recent resignation of Derby North MP Chris Williamson from the Labour front-bench.
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
Mr Williamson had stepped down from their position as Shadow Fire Minister just days after controversially suggesting doubling council tax on Britain's most valuable homes. They put forward the radical idea saying "this could be the only a way of arresting the cuts".
At the time, Mr Corbyn said Mr Williamson would remain a "strong campaigner on a range of crucial issues as well as serving constituents with dedication".
Answering our question about whether their friend could return to the front-bench, they said: "Yes, of course there's a place for Chris."
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
They added: “We had a long discussion about what he's doing. He's working very hard in Parliament taking up a variety of issues particularly on environment issues and fighting against austerity."
When asked what Labour would do to deal with Derby's issues surrounding synthetic cannabis, or Black Mamba, Mr Corbyn replied: “Well we obviously want to look at these issues and the problems that exist locally and also look at the medicinal uses of cannabis as well – that was in our manifesto.”
Mr Corbyn was walking around Belper with Derbyshire's Labour Police and Crime Commissioner Hardyal Dhindsa and an Amber Valley Inspector.
Asked why they were meeting with local police authorities, they said: "I've been talking to the local PCSO's (Police Community Support Officers).
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
“But Derbyshire, like everywhere else, has had its budgets cut, therefore police numbers on the street are affected and people need to see it.
“So across the country this will continue unless we press this issue. We need, particularly, PCSO's on the streets.”
When pushed about whether taxes will have to be increased to pay for more public spending on policing, Mr Corbyn said: “Indeed, it will be used to pay for that, partly, but it doesn't cover the whole thing. The issue really is the central governing of county councils and local authorities.
“We cannot go on like this. Every Chief Constable will tell you they've got problems and every chief constable will tell you that they're stretched thin.
(Image: Alex Cantrill-Jones / ACJ Media)
“Whilst we've coped with the awful events in London Bridge and Manchester over the summer that drags in police from everywhere including Derbyshire, we can't go on like that.”
The man shouting traitor at Mr Corbyn had been outside a Belper pub.
'@midnight' #renewed for another season Comedy Central's social media-fueled late-night talk show “@midnight with Chris Hardwick” has been renewed for a third season. The 40-week run of new episodes will air throughout 2016. Produced by...
How Chris Hardwick became the Dick Clark of nerds Chris Hardwick is aware you may hate him. Their fanboy-in-chief stature, which spawned the hit Nerdist podcast and “Talking Dead” — the AMC show where they geek out with guests...
It's all about that Grace as YouTube star Helbig kicks off E! comedy/talk show For seven years, comedian Grace Helbig has been slowly building into an online star, amassing more than 2 million subscribers on their “It's Grace” YouTube channel. Starting Friday, they move...
Chris Hardwick brings @midnight to NYC A roster of A-list panelists will visit Chris Hardwick's Comedy Central show, “@midnight,” when it comes here from L.A. for a week's worth of shows kicking off Nov. 3 in...
'Daily Show' adds two comedians to lineup “The Daily Show with Jon Stewart” is adding to its ranks — hiring comedians Hasan Minhaj and Trevor Noah to start on the Comedy Central series later this year. Minhaj...
Chris Hardwick continues to be a consistent late-night host It's nice, for a change, to cover a late-night host whose show isn't being cancelled (Arsenio Hall) or who's leaving for another gig (Chelsea Handler, Craig Ferguson). Now that his...
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hope Akpan has joined Burton Albion's League One rivals Bradford City after deciding not to sign a new deal with the Brewers.
Akpan was out of contract at the Pirelli Stadium and had been offered a new deal to stay with Albion for the 2018-19 campaign, with Nigel Clough saying they would do "everything we can to try to get them to stay".
But the former Everton and Blackburn Rovers midfielder has now put pen to paper on a two-year deal with the Bantams.
They become Bradford's ninth signing of the summer as they gear up for a push at promotion into the Championship.
Akpan made 29 appearances for the Brewers last season after joining in July, and played a key role in their belated surge for safety in the final month of the campaign.
Their equaliser at Preston North End on the final day looked to be securing Albion's against-the-odds survival, only for the late drama at Bolton Wanderers which ultimately saw Burton drop into League One.
The Nigeria international follows Tom Naylor in deciding to leave the Brewers following the expiry of their contracts at the Pirelli.
On Akpan's signing, Bradford head coach Michael Collins said: "We are really pleased to get Hope into the building.
"We already had excellent quality in that area (midfield), but Hope will add to that whilst also offering a strong physical presence.
"The intensity of the league demands we have quality in all departments to cope, and we feel like we are getting there now."
By Amanda Wicks
John Mayer wants to bring all the lovers of the world together.
Related: John Mayer Announces 2017 Tour Dates
Mayer posted a Valentine's Day Message on Instagram this morning (February 14th) that encouraged people to tag someone they had a crush on.
In the video, they addressed everybody who had been tagged by playing them a quick acoustic song. “Somebody's stalking you/ Somebody wants to talk to you/ Somebody wants to take a walk with you/ Somebody wants for you to follow them too/ So, you got a crush, ain't it nice to know?” they sang.
What happens from there is anybody's guess. Mayer's just doing their part to spread the love.
Arrests. (Photo: News Journal file photo)
FELONY ARRESTS
ESCAMBIA COUNTY
The following suspects were charged with felonies Sunday at Escambia County Jail. Names, ages and addresses were provided by the individuals.
Ambrosia Rayne Adams, 31, Knoxville, Tennessee, two counts of burglary, two counts of larceny, fraud.
Dalan Lamar Beasley, 28, 500 block of Robinson Street, Cantonment, drugs possession, marijuana possession.
Dondray Allen Byrd, 49, 2100 block of Spanks Lane, cocaine possession.
Christopher David Delaware, 36, 4200 block of Mobile Highway, aggravated assault.
Shelby Ann Dunnavant, 21, 1600 block of Bruce Street, child neglect.
Michael Jerome Gant, 38, 8200 block of Chiquita Drive, moving traffic violation.
Colton William Gonzalez, 22, address unavailable, child neglect, drugs possession.
Eric Dewayne Henderson, 26, 1700 block of Dalphin Street, vehicle theft.
Blaine Allen Hertz, 53, 900 block of Mills Avenue, larceny.
D'Montrey Antuan James, 29, 500 block of Robinson Street, Cantonment, drugs possession.
Robert Dar Kouzman, 64, address unavailable, moving traffic violation.
Richard Perry Lovold, 38, address unavailable, moving traffic violation, drugs possession.
Courtney G. Milton, 33, 6700 block of Chicago Avenue, resisting an officer, destroying evidence.
Danny Edward Parris, 49, Oliver, Tennessee, three counts of larceny, loitering, three counts of burglary, two counts of damaging property, fraud, possessing burglary tools.
Tara Leshann Patton, 29, 3300 blocks of Two Sisters Way, damaging property.
Shalonda Latrice Richardson, 27, 900 block of Massachusetts Avenue, drugs possession.
Jordan Taylor Rinaldi, 28, 7700 blocks of River Landing Drive, Milton, five counts of damaging property.
Charlesmond Leon Steele, 38, address unavailable, drugs possession.
Maryio Uness Williams, 37, 2800 blocks of West Brainerd Street, moving traffic violation.
SANTA ROSA COUNTY
The following suspects were charged with felonies Sunday at Santa Rosa County Jail. Names, ages and addresses were provided by the individuals.
Vanessa Elizabeth Hanna, 42, 4600 blocks of Hickory Shores Boulevard, Gulf Breeze, larceny, fraud.
Anthoney Earl Mitchem, 26, 7800 blocks of South Airport Road, Milton, moving traffic violation.
DUI ARRESTS
ESCAMBIA COUNTY
The following suspects were charged with driving under the influence Sunday at Escambia County Jail. The names, ages and addresses were provided by the individuals.
Eleazar Hernandez, 22, 500 block of Carrir Drive.
Max Chapin Molter, 21, 4600 block of Balmoral Drive.
Ulysses Lovell Stanton, 22, address unavailable.
SANTA ROSA COUNTY
The following suspects were charged with driving under the influence Sunday at Santa Rosa County Jail. Names, ages and addresses were provided by the individuals.
Dennis Lee Boutwell, 69, Greenwood, Indiana.
Raymond John Sanscrainte, 51, first block of Shoreline Drive, Gulf Breeze.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/crime/for-the-record/2017/12/11/escambia-and-santa-rosa-felony-and-dui-arrests/940677001/
Calabar – The President of the Medical Women Association (NWA), Cross River State Branch, Dr Jacinta Okoyobuli, has blamed the media for selling sex to children through music.
Okoyobuli made the allegation Tuesday in Calabar at the sidelines of the commemoration of the Menstrual Hygiene Day.
They said that as the media continued to promote sexual videos and songs, the wrong messages would continue to be passed to young girls and boys.
The medical doctor said the media should have a more positive look in regards to adolescent health and well-being.
They said the association used the opportunity of the Children's Day, which coincided with the Menstrual Hygiene Day, to educate girls from different schools on menstrual hygiene.
“We let the girls know that menstruation is not a curse, they should be happy that they are able to menstruate because without menstruation, there would be no humans,” they explained.
They also said they were there to demystify the cultural myths concerning menstruation.
“If you are on your period, you are not unclean, you can swim, cook for your family, you can even engage in sporting activities and should not miss classes,” they said.
Okoyobuli said that NWA was working with the state government to introduce Adolescent Health and Sexuality Education to schools in Cross River.
They also urged parents to talk to their children about sex education, adding that if they did not, someone else would teach them negatively.
They said: “We actually went with a token, after we finished talking to the girls on menstrual health, we gave samples of sanitary pad to them and taught them how they are used.”
Okoyobuli said the association would be working with churches, women groups and cultural organisations from next year, to eradicate the myth concerning menstruation.
Similarly, the president of the Association of Precious Pearls, Ethel Inyang, said they were there to encourage the girls that they could do anything they wanted to do and their period should not hold them back.
“Girls shouldn't be limited, the negative things they hear are myths, girls are strong, they can be leaders, so we encourage them to go all out to conquer their world,” they said.
Ethel also called on boys to partner with girls for greater success rather than regard them as weaker vessels.
“The stigma is mostly from the boys, when the girls see their first menstrual period, the people who laugh most in class are the boys.
“The boys should also learn because we have told them to support their sisters, they would be fathers, so they need to know what to tell their daughters,” they said.
NAN reports that the Menstrual Hygiene Day is celebrated annually on May 28, the theme of the 2018 celebration is “No More Limits''. (NAN)
The memo is a critique of the FBI's application for surveillance amidst the Russia Probe.
A top House Democrat is challenging the core conclusion of the memo released by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes on Friday, calling the allegation that the Justice Department and FBI withheld key details as they sought a secret surveillance warrant on former Trump adviser Carter Page “deliberately misleading and deeply wrong on the law.”
NBC News has exclusively obtained a six-page rebuttal to the Nunes memo from Rep. Jerry Nadler, D-N.Y., the top Democrat on the House Judiciary Committee, which was to be circulated to all House Democrats on Saturday.
Given their senior position, Nadler is one of the small number of lawmakers who has viewed the highly-sensitive documents that are the basis of Nunes' memo.
Nadler's legal analysis represents Democrats' most detailed public response to the Nunes memo, released Friday after President Trump agreed to its declassification over the objections of their own FBI Director.
Trump Says He's Declassified GOP Memo on Russia Probe
Abu Dhabi: Manchester City Football Schools will be hosting free female-only coaching sessions for young girls aged between five and 13 on Friday.
The sessions, which will take place at New York University Saadiyat Campus between 9am and 11am, are open to those new to football or want to experience what it's like to train with City Football Schools.
Head coach, Simon Hewitt, said: “The popularity of women's football is growing dramatically, not only in the UAE but globally and we want as many young girls to get involved in the games as possible. We already have female-only sessions in our programme but we want to ensure we are giving as many opportunities as possible to girls in the UAE to get involved.
“We also want to raise awareness and support of girl's football as much as possible. The girls attending Friday's session will get a taste of what it's like training as a City women's player and have fun at the same time.”
City Football Schools gives the younger generation an opportunity to improve their football skills, stay healthy, make friends and have lots of fun in a positive and friendly learning environment, organisers say, all under the guidance and supervision of 10 fully qualified City Football coaches.
City Football Schools are now based across three venues in Abu Dhabi: Emirates Palace hotel, Zayed Sports City and New York University Saadiyat Campus.
For more information or to sign up to the free sessions, please visit: http://www.cityfootballschools.com.
Vermont Gov. Phil Scott held a press conference Monday in the brewing room of Fiddlehead Brewing Co. in Shelburne, amid the sounds of ventilators whirring, tanks being opened and the smell of the fermenting beer lingering in the air.
The microbrewery, one of Vermont's hippest thriving industries, provided the backdrop for Scott to make a call to young Vermont professionals.
The press conference was called to announce the third annual Young Professionals Summit of Vermont, hosted by the Rutland Young Professionals, a networking nonprofit.
The daylong summit brings young Vermonters together to connect, share ideas and discuss the problems they face in the workforce.
Childhood friends Amanda O'Brien and Laura Pierce are the summit organizers; both grew up in Rutland. At Fiddlehead Brewing on Monday, both spoke about their childhoods, and their choice to return to Vermont after attending college out of state.
“We were both encouraged to return back to our state in large part due to the positive energy and hard work by the young professional organizations across Vermont,” O'Brien said. “These groups provided us with natural opportunities to connect with our peers, engage with our communities, and network with others in our demographic.”
The problem of keeping young people in Vermont has been a focus for Scott since they moved into the governor's office in January. In 2015, the U.S. Census Bureau reported that one in six Vermonters is 65 or older, a fact that could pose economic problems in the future, experts say.
“We have 40,000 college students, and 10,000 who graduate every year,” Scott said. “We need fertile ground. We need to tap them and give them opportunities to stay here, whether it's something job-related, or better housing to allow them to live, work and play in Vermont.”
Scott said barriers to attracting young families and young professionals to the state include the lack of affordable housing and of readily available ways to make good job connections. They believe the $35 million housing bond they signed in June, in combination with networking opportunities like the Young Professionals Summit, will work to combat these problems.
The Young Professionals Summit will be held on Saturday, Sept. 9, at the Paramount Theater in downtown Rutland. Young professionals from across the state are invited.
Although the focus is geared toward people in their 20s and 30s, the organization said it also welcomes those who are young at heart. Participation is $20, with scholarships available for college students.
The summit aims to offer personal and professional development opportunities to Vermont's young people, and to highlight some of Vermont's particularly prosperous industries, including, unsurprisingly, the microbrewery industry.
Also on the agenda are panels about clean energy, agriculture, nonprofits and outdoor recreation.
“We hope that the summit will provide an opportunity for those of us living in Vermont to address these issues,” Pierce said. “And to share strategies to help attract other young professionals to live here.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Nigerian Conservation Foun-dation, NCF, Nigeria's foremost NGO championing the conservation of the environment and wildlife, has reiterated threat to predators particularly big cats as a result of human activities, cautioning that wildlife must be conserved for the survival of the species.
Making this known at the just-concluded World Wildlife Day 2018 with the theme: Big cats – predators under threat, NCF said this year's theme was a step further from last year's theme: Listen to the Young Voices, as a way to ensure the realisation of CITES objective in the 182-member states of the United Nations, on the need to urgently rise to the demands of conserving all forms of wildlife especially the big predators which are now globally threatened, with their condition in Nigeria even more dire.
In a statement by the conservation body, “With reference to the 2016 World Environment Day, Amina Mohammed, who until their recent UN appointment was the Minister of Environment, said the status of wildlife in the country leaves much to be desired, as the rate of depletion of the population of animals like the elephants, leopards, giraffes and crocodiles among others, is frightening.
“Today, I know that if somebody says, what is really the status or figures for wildlife in Nigeria? I am not sure I can tell you as the Minister of Environment. “And if I am going to say something, it is probably 10 years old in terms of its information and data.”
The statement added that it is almost two years since Amina Mohammed promised that the government would develop the capacity to know what the baseline was, what animal was where, which was endangered, what needed to be done to protect those animals and to increase their population in Nigeria for the sake of the wildlife.
“For long, Nigeria has rested on an erroneous notion that our wild animals were plentiful and not under any threat of extinction. However, following the recent publication of the IUCN red list of globally threatened species which revealed that 148 animals and 146 plant species found in Nigeria were threatened at various degrees including some species near extinction, we hope it is not too late to right the wrongs.
“Out of the very large land mass that Nigeria boasts of, we are not assured of the functionality of our seven National Parks. We are not sure they really are a refuge for what we have left of our wildlife population, just as we are yet to see clear prioritization of our biodiversity and wildlife heritage by the government at all levels in Nigeria.
“Human activities like hunting, grazing, land deforestation, mining, infrastructural construction, aerodromes, power lines, and related activities have destroyed our wildlife flora and fauna than natural factors like climate change and fire occurrences by over 40 per cent in the last 25 years. Another adjoining factor is that occupants of host communities earmarked as protected areas see their surrounding areas as traditional hunting grounds.
“We must take a cue from smaller countries like Gabon with 13 well-managed national parks, Egypt with 25 national parks and Kenya with 23 national parks aside game reserves, wildlife sanctuary and other forms of protected areas in countries like Botswana, South Africa, Tanzania and Madagascar.
“Sadly, fewer than 50 lions remain in Nigeria while the global value of illegal wildlife trade is soaring beyond 50 – 150 billion USD per year. Conversely, less than 7,100 cheetahs remain in the wild, globally. These and many more statistics of the state of wildlife suggest that the time for urgent action is now!
The Federal Ministry of Environment and the Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, must create an operational synergy between associated government and non-government stakeholders”, NCF noted.
The hugely successful fantasy trilogy Their Dark Materials will be getting a "companion" trilogy, author Philip Pullman announced this evening.
The first book of the new series, which will collectively be called The Book of Dust, is set for publication on October 19.
The original Their Dark Materials trilogy consists of three volumes (The Golden Compass, The Subtle Knife, and The Amber Spyglass) published between 1995 and 2000. The series has sold over 17.5 million copies and been translated into 40 languages.
The events of the first trilogy took place across several parallel worlds — including our own — and touched on disparate ideas related to theology, particle physics, and the loss of childhood innocence. Characters included a headstrong and fiercely intelligent young girl named Lyra Belacqua, and an armored, talking polar bear.
The Book of Dust will return to the world(s) and characters of Their Dark Materials, Pullman said, and Lyra will be integral to the new story — but not in the way they were before. The first volume will take place a decade before the events of Their Dark Materials, when Lyra is an infant. The second and third volumes will be set ten years after the original trilogy's conclusion, and will follow Lyra as a young woman.
But that doesn't mean what you might expect, Pullman told NPR editor Glen Weldon. They want readers to consider the new work not as a simple extension of the original trilogy, but as a "companion" to it.
"The [new] story begins before Their Dark Materials and continues after it," they said, "... you don't have to read it before you read [the original trilogy] ... this is another story that comes after it, so it's not a sequel, and it's not a prequel, it's an equal."
The title, The Book of Dust, refers to an invisible substance that figures largely in the earlier books — a fictional elementary particle that harbors a mysterious affinity with human consciousness.
"That's what I really wanted to explore in this new work," they said. "More about the nature of Dust, and consciousness, and what it means to be a human being."
Pullman has already followed up the original trilogy with two novellas and an audiobook. They said they were motivated to revisit the world of Lyra and their companions with a full trilogy because "I sensed a big story. I sensed the presence, in the way that you do, of another story that hadn't been told, and I went closer and ... thought about it and lived with it for a while and discovered that yes, it was a big story, and it did deserve to be told, it deserves its own books."
Interview Highlights
On where The Book of Dust will fall in the saga
Well, the first book is set roughly ten years before the action of Their Dark Materials. And the second book and subsequent books ... are set ten years after it. So in the first one, Lyra is only a baby of about six months. So she's not able to do very much, but she's certainly the focus of intense activity on the part of the main protagonists. In the second book they will be twenty years old, she'll be an adult....
It's a sort of companion book, if you like. It doesn't stand before [His Dark Materials], it doesn't stand after it, it stands beside it.
On why he's calling it The Book of Dust
Dust is something which terrifies the religious authorities in Their Dark Materials. It seems to have something to do with human consciousness, it seems to have something to do with experience, or as they call it, "sin." But they don't know what it is, or why it's important, and they're terrified of it. Now, in the course of the story, Lyra and their companions discover something about Dust, something important: that it's not a bad thing, it's a good thing.
On whether the overwhelming worldwide reaction to the original trilogy colors their writing of the new one
When I wrote the first series, starting in 1993, I didn't expect more than a readership of about two or three thousand. That's sort of based on previous experience and thinking what sort of book it was, I didn't think it would have very wide audience but maybe a few people would enjoy it. The fact that it was received with such interest all over the world in 40 different languages really did amaze me.
It didn't change what I was doing, though, because I was already in my late 40s when I was starting that, I wasn't a very young writer bowled over by all the response and attention and so on. I was pretty clear and determined about what I was doing and how I was doing it. The only difference it made was that I had a lot more letters to write back. To answer. Nowadays I communicate by Twitter, but back in those days there were a lot of letters to write back, which I duly did.
On their impatient readership
Well, I have a standard answer. When people say "How's The Book of Dust getting along? When's it going to be finished?" I say, with perfect truth, "It is three pages longer today than it was yesterday."
On the criticism their books have received
I've been greatly criticized for the attention to religion that I give in the books, but I've been criticized, on the whole, by people who haven't read the books. My attitude to religion is that religion is a most interesting and extraordinary human phenomenon. I'm fascinated by it, interested in it, and at some points critical of it. And the points when I become critical are the points when politics come into it, and religion acquires political power — political with a small "p," for example, within the confines of a single family, or Political with a large "P," on a national or international scale.
When religion gets the power to tell people how to dress, who to fall in love with, how to behave, what they must not read, what they must not wear, all those things, then religion goes bad. ... Religion is private thing, and a fine thing and a good thing, as long as it remains private. As soon as it becomes public and political, it's dangerous. That's the position I've taken up in the first series and the position this current one takes up as well.
LOS ALTOS — Nothing is etched in stone, but for all intent and purpose a de facto championship game in the Santa Clara Valley Athletic League El Camino Division took place Tuesday afternoon.
Gunn vs. Los Altos — winner-take-all, maybe.
“We knew what we were getting ourselves into and we this league was going to be between us two,” Los Altos coach Eric Madrigal said. “We knew that from the get-go.”
Behind a hat trick from midfielder Hannah Wendelken, the host Eagles avenged an earlier loss with a 3-0 victory on senior day to leapfrog atop the standings, leaving each team to close out the regular season Thursday against cellar dwellers in the El Camino.
“We know Gunn is our only real competitor and that's the team to beat,” Wendelken said. “So every practice was just training hard for this game.”
Wendelken is on a recent tear.
Not only was this was their second hat trick in a one-week span, the senior has found the back of the net a total of 11 times in the past five games.
“She's invaluable, to be honest with you,” Madrigal said. “Her own teammates voted them as the Most Valuable Player on the team, and that says everything, right? The teammates know it, the coach knows it, everybody knows that she's a very, very key part of our formation and our team. So they know it, and she's very humble about it, but they also take that responsibility — and does it well.”
Los Altos (11-5-2, 10-1-0 El Camino) broke through in the 5th minute, as sweeper Emily Pye sent a long free kick into the box that took a big bounce past a large crowd.
While everyone stood still, Wendelken continued their pursuit of the loose ball and calmly beat the keeper from close range on their first touch to make it 1-0.
Gunn (11-6-2, 9-1-1) was stunned, but far from knocked down. That had to wait until the 40th minute, when after endless pressure from the Eagles at the end of the first half Wendelken controlled a loose ball, took a couple of dribbles toward the top of the box and ripped a low liner that deflected off a defender and caught the keeper leaning in the wrong direction.
“We knew we had to take a firm lead,” Madrigal said. “So after that second goal, it was definitely a little bit of pressure lifted off our shoulders.”
“They came out strong and we couldn't get in rhythm,” Gunn coach Juan Mayora said. “If it was 1-0 at halftime, that would be OK. But that 2-0 just kind of broke our backs, and then we couldn't recover. But it looked like they wanted it a bit more than we did.”
The rest was left to the defense, which was disruptive and left few passing lanes open for the Titans to mount a comeback in the second half.
“That's part of the game plan,” Madrigal said. “The first game they were able to control the ball in the center of the field, so we knew that if we made it tough on them, if we compacted the midfield, that we were going to have a good game.”
Wendelken put the exclamation point in the 70th minute after a give-and-go with junior Natalie Nichols released them into the box, where they unleashed a rocket over the keeper head that rattled the net to send their fellow seniors into euphoria.
“We're all great friends and I love every single one,” Wendelken said. “I think we really carry the team and I hope that next year people learn from us and they can do the same. I really believe this is a good group of seniors this year.”
The only thing left to settle was the matter of the shutout.
The Eagles have allowed 5 goals to El Camino foes, with Gunn accounting for a pair in its 2-1 win three weeks earlier.
And while Los Altos goalkeeper Sophia Smith went mostly untested, in the 74th minute the junior added to their highlight reel by stretching out to their left to deny a penalty kick by the Titans.
It was the fourth blank sheet in the past five games for the Eagles.
“She'll be the first one to tell you that they take definite pride in that,” Madrigal said of Smith. “She just came back from an ID camp to play in college, so they have offers on the table. They know what she's doing, they work hard at their craft and they work hard every day. And obviously it pays off. In big games like this, they came through. And that was awesome.”
The only thing standing in the way of Los Altos and the El Camino title is Monta Vista, which lies at the bottom of the standings.
“We beat them before, but every game is different, just like this game was,” said Madrigal, who in the previous meeting edged out the Matators (4-12-1, 1-9-1) by the slimmest of margins — 1-0. “We have high expectations, but at the same time we don't want to undermine any teams or anything like that. So we still have that mission mentality. We haven't won the championship, nothing is for certain, so we still gotta push through one more game.”
Meanwhile, Gunn knows its down, but not out — at least when it comes to next week's Central Coast Section playoffs.
“The last three years, we came in second and we also have been in CCS,” Mayora said. “I think we'll be OK. We just gotta go out there and forget this game and play our hearts out in the next game.”
Panaji: Crime Branch police will question the police guards which are deployed at the residence of the opposition leader and Quepem MLA Chandrakant ‘Babu' Kavlekar in connection with the seizure of thousands of matka gambling slips from an office situated in the property, where their (Babu) residence is also located, at Betul in South Goa.According to sources, Babu as well as their brother Babal had claimed ignorance of the matka gambling activities from the office, the police have now decided to question the police guards to ascertain whether they were aware of any such activities going in the property.Police guards have been deployed (round the clock) earlier this year after Babu became the opposition leader. Sources informed that police guards will be questioned to ascertain if they had seen anyone entering or exiting the office in question.
It may be recalled that Babal had admitted that the office premises belongs to them however like Babu, they too had claimed ignorance about the matka gambling activities at the premises, sources said.Sources said that police believe that they (Babu and Babal) must be aware of the matka gambling activities owing to the fact that the office in question belongs to Babal which is situated in the property where Babu's house is located.It may be recalled that earlier this month, the anti-corruption branch (ACB) of the Directorate of Vigilance had booked the Opposition leader in a disproportionate assets case. Subsequently, the ACB had conducted raids at three different locations including the office where sleuths unearthed thousands of matka slips and books. The matter was referred to the crime branch, which is probing the matka gambling nexus. [NT]
LAS VEGAS (AP) — Winning a Stanley Cup isn't meant to be easy, something that even the novice hockey fans in Las Vegas now surely understand.
No need to tell it to the Washington Capitals. They've spent 43 seasons chasing the elusive Cup, only to find an expansion team — of all things — in the way of finally ending the drought.
The battle for hockey supremacy heads to the nation's capital all tied up 1-1 after a pair of games as entertaining as anything on the Las Vegas Strip. The goals keep coming and so do the hits, including one Wednesday night on Evgeny Kuznetsov that both knocked them out of the game and seemed to wake Washington out of its daze.
Their top playoff scorer out, the Caps rallied for three straight goals that stopped — at least for a moment — a team that has been virtually unstoppable throughout the playoffs.
"It galvanized us as a group," Caps coach Barry Trotz said. "I think it might be a turning point for us."
On a night when Alex Ovechkin scored the first Stanley Cup Final goal of their 13-year NHL career to give the Caps a lead they somehow managed to hold onto even while being outplayed and outshot by the Knights in the third period, Washington won a final-round game for the first time ever to make the flight back home a lot sweeter.
For the Capitals it means service held, with the next two games in far friendlier confines at home.
For the Knights, it was a golden opportunity gone awry.
They were 7-1 in the playoffs at home, 11-1 overall when scoring the first goal. So when James Neal scored barely eight minutes into the game, the party was on.
And then, suddenly, it was off. At least for now.
Credit some of that to the resilience of the Caps, who were down a goal when Kuznetsov was knocked out of the game. Give a tip of the hat to Ovechkin, too, who scored the go-ahead goal in the second period.
But when the story of this Cup Final is finally written it may hinge on a hit by Brayden McNabb on Kuznetsov as they had the puck along the boards late in the first period. McNabb slammed into Kuznetsov with a high check and Kuznetsov immediately bent over holding their arm with what appeared to be a wrist injury.
Another team might have folded in front of the raucous crowd of 18,702. But the Caps have been resilient all the way through the playoffs, and this game was no exception.
"It was all about commitment. We blocked shots and played for each other," forward Nicklas Backstrom said. "It's good to win and go back to Washington."
On a 98-degree day in Las Vegas, the action on the ice was as hot as the weather outside. The Knights dominated play at times and outshot the Caps 39-26, but could not deliver on a 5-on-3 power play in the scoreless third period.
When Alex Tuch was denied on a spectacular stick save with 1:59 to play by Braden Holtby, the Knights would not be lucky on this night in the biggest game of chance on the Strip. Their Game 1 win, after all, included the Caps' Lars Eller missing a wide-open net from point-blank range in the final minutes.
"To me it was the hockey gods evening it up from the last game," Trotz said. "Once they made that save I knew we were going to win the game."
Las Vegas pulled out all the stops to make the first two games as memorable off the ice as they have been on the ice. The Imagine Dragons — a Vegas Born group — sang just before the puck dropped and a flyover by the Air Force's latest F-35 jets shook the building, as did the applause later between periods when the pilots appeared in front of the Knight's faux castle to cheer the team on.
But just as Game 1 seemed to shift in the Knights' favor after Jonathan Marchessault was knocked to the ice on what appeared to be a late hit by Washington's Tom Wilson, this game seemed to turn on that hit by McNabb with the Knights up 1-0.
Not only did Washington score three straight goals, one of them came from the player who must be spectacular if the Capitals are forced to play without Kuznetsov for any length of time in the finals.
Ovechkin has toiled for the Capitals since being picked first in the 2004 draft, but had never played in a Stanley Cup Final until Game 1 — and never scored in one until Wednesday.
"He's the heart and soul of this team," Washington defenseman John Carlson said. "He does so much and doesn't get credit. We love them to death. He's our leader and it's nice to see them get that big goal for us."
For the Knights it was a rare whiff in a season like no other. They've been one of the great stories in sports, an expansion team in its first season playing for the championship of the NHL.
But every great story needs a great ending, and for the Knights to write one they're now going to have to win at least one game on the road.
"It's the Stanley Cup final, it's little things," said Knights forward Erik Haula. "Nobody said it's gonna be a 4-0 series. It's gonna be ups and downs. We've been here before, we've been good on the road. Just put this behind us, just learn from your mistake."
____
Tim Dahlberg is a national sports columnist for The Associated Press. Write to them at tdahlberg@ap.org or http://twitter.com/timdahlberg
Hurricanes also do major damage to economic statistics. It just...
WASHINGTON — The US lost 33,000 jobs in September after Hurricanes Harvey and Irma hit Texas, Florida and other Southeastern states. It was the first decline in six years.
The Labor Department says the unemployment rate fell to 4.2 percent from 4.4 percent, the lowest level since February 2001.
Looking past the hurricanes' impact, the job market and economy generally look healthy. Some economists expect job growth to rebound in the coming months as businesses in the area reopen and construction companies ramp up repair and renovation work.
Last month's drop was driven by huge losses in restaurants and bars, which shed 105,000 jobs, a sign of the damage to Florida's tourism industry.
By Kathryn Kelman/editor-in-chief
Their earliest memory is of hiding under a bed as their village was raided. They took their father, grandfather and other members of their family, robbing them of the chance to know them.
On Jan. 25, two days before the 73rd anniversary of the day the Auschwitz concentration camp was liberated, Paul Kessler, one of the few remaining Holocaust survivors, shared their story in the South Campus rotunda with students, faculty, staff and community members.
“Sometimes I'm asked, ‘Why do we still speak so much about the Holocaust and why so much the fascination?'” said Kessler, a Dallas Holocaust Museum volunteer. “We speak, and it's not so much about our sad stories. My story is just one of many, not so important in itself. What is important are the lessons we try to teach from the Holocaust.”
The Holocaust survivors have a motto, they said.
“We do all this to prevent such a thing from happening again,” they said.
Despite their efforts, they noted that genocide has continued to happen all over the world.
“The world has yet to learn the lessons of the Holocaust,” Kessler said.
In observance of International Holocaust Remembrance Day, South hosted Kessler and Sara Abosch-Jacobson from the Dallas Holocaust Museum, who provided historical context for the audience. Two other Jewish community members helped conduct a candle-lighting service and participated in a question-and-answer session at the end of the event.
South student Kristen Clay is the grandchild of a Holocaust survivor and lit the sixth candle in honor of the 6 million Jews murdered by the Nazis during World War II. Clay said they never knew their grandfather because they died when their mother was young.
“For me, it was really being able to connect with my grandfather,” they said.
The candle lighting was a way to say those who lost their lives during the Holocaust didn't suffer in vain, they said.
“My generation and generations to come are going to carry on these stories and they're going to work and struggle to improve things,” they said.
Clay, like Kessler, said they feel it's their duty to carry on the stories and the legacy of their grandfather, the Holocaust survivor.
“Part of it is ‘What can I do as someone who has a personal relationship to this?' but also ‘What can I do to encourage other people to feel as strongly about it as I do?'” they said.
Kessler was born in 1939, the year World War II started, in a small village in what is now Slovakia. Their village had no running water or electricity. Jewish people were about 30 percent of the population, they said.
“In 1942, our very own neighbors, our Slovak neighbors, shipped off almost their entire Jewish population,” Kessler said.
They were around 3 years old in their first memory of hiding under the bed as their village was stripped of Jewish people. In addition to their father and grandfather, other members of their family were among those taken from home that day.
Kessler didn't learn what happened to their father until they were 58 years old and visiting Auschwitz for the first time.
“In Auschwitz, now they have a room where they have the archives,” they said.
Kessler gave a woman in the room their father's name. They returned with a page copied out of the books with their father's name, home address, wife's name, prisoner ID number, transport number, the day their father arrived in Auschwitz and the day they died.
“No reason given,” Kessler said. “I was 58 years old, and I stood there with that piece of paper, and for the first time in my life I felt the presence of my father.”
Kessler recalled looking around at all the books and wondering why the Nazis recorded things when they were committing such atrocities.
“The only thing I can figure out is that Hitler and the Nazis and the Germans believed they were doing something great for the world,” they said.
At age 5, German soldiers came to their village in 1944, so their mother packed up them and what was left of their family and moved to another village. On the morning of Sept. 9, 1944, in the new village, Kessler and their family woke to shouts of “Run! The Germans are here!” they said.
In the chaos, they and their mother escaped to the forest nearby but were separated from their aunt, uncle and grandmother. They hid in the forest for at least a week until they saw someone from the family they had been staying with. The family dug a hole behind their house and covered it with leaves and manure from their animals.
Kessler and their mother stayed in that hole for the next seven months.
“The people hiding us, when they could once a day, would bring us some cold soup, sometimes a piece of bread,” they said. “I know my mother went without several days because I was crying from the cold and the hunger.”
The heroes of Kessler's story were those “simple peasant farmers” who risked their own lives to save them and their family because unbeknownst to them and their mother, the entire time they hid in the hole behind their rescuers' house, German soldiers lived inside.
“I often ask myself if I could do the same — risk my life to save that of another human being that I hardly know,” they said. “I don't know if I could be that brave or that courageous. I probably wouldn't know until I was faced with having to make that kind of decision that I hope you or I will never have to face.”
Kessler and their mother were freed by Russian forces on April 1, 1945. The family across the street had hidden their aunt and uncle, but there was no sign of their grandmother.
“After we regained a bit of strength, we made a trip back to our home,” they said. “Our house was still there. We moved back in.”
A couple weeks later, their grandmother returned. They had been captured and sent to a concentration camp the day the German soldiers raided the village.
Before the Holocaust, Kessler had a family of 20. By the time the camps were liberated and Allied forces won the war, only seven of them remained.
“I was the only Jewish child to survive from that village,” Kessler said, adding that of the 6 million Jews killed, over a million and a half were children.
They were bedridden from malnutrition for a year after the war, they said, but then they got well, went back to school and life started over.
Kessler said it's still hard for them to believe something like that happened.
“How could these people murder children in front of their parents, parents in front of their children and then attend a symphony that night?” they asked.
After telling their story, Kessler began to talk about the many lessons to be learned from the Holocaust, the first being don't take anything for granted.
“Freedom has to be fought for and has to be maintained,” they said.
Other lessons included don't believe everything one hears and be aware of those running for office and the potential consequences of electing them.
“Hitler was democratically elected,” Kessler reminded the audience. “Think about what you do.”
However, the biggest lesson to learn from the Holocaust for Kessler is that the world is dangerous because of those that do nothing. They are guilty of silence and indifference, they said.
“There is no better example than the Holocaust of why indifference is almost a crime,” they said. “Bigotry and hatred are not the most urgent problem.”
The problem is silence, Kessler said.
“Here we are 50 years later talking about the same thing,” they said. “The Holocaust asks, ‘Are you going to be tolerant of those that are intolerant? What will I have done and, more importantly, what will I do?'”
South student Josue Massanet said the part of Kessler's speech that struck them the most was when Kessler told students to be “up-standers” rather than “by-standers.”
“I hold that message very close to my heart,” they said.
Kessler hoped audience members would take that message away from their speech, they said.
“It doesn't mean you start fighting with somebody in the hall or what have you,” they said. “But when you see something wrong, act on it. Get a teacher or tell someone nicely, ‘You shouldn't be doing that. You shouldn't be saying that. It's hurtful.'”
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) – The U.S. Coast Guard in Alaska says it's searching for a fishing boat with six people that's been missing in the Bering Sea for more than a day.
An agency news release on Sunday afternoon says ships and aircraft have looked through the night for the 98-foot-long F/V Destination. The boat had six people on it and is owned by a company based in Seattle, Petty Officer 3rd Class Lauren Steenson said.
The vessel's electronic locating device was recovered Saturday morning in a debris field containing buoys, a life ring and an oil sheen.
Steenson said the Coast Guard doesn't yet know the cause of the boat's disappearance or whether anyone survived.
People on the small island of St. George are looking along the shore for any signs of the crew. The Coast Guard didn't say how many members were aboard or immediately respond to a call seeking more information.
The agency says the water temperature is 38 degrees.
By Scott T. Sterling
Music fans without tickets for this year's massive Austin City Limits festival fret not. The fest will be live streaming sets from a wide variety of bands all weekend long.
Related: Flea Shuts Down Red Hot Chili Peppers Retirement Rumors
Among the acts set to be featured on the live stream include Red Hot Chili Peppers, Gorillaz, Portugal. the Man, Danny Brown, Tove Lo, the Brothers Osborne, Ryan Adams and more.
Sadly, two of the biggest names on the bill—JAY-Z and the Killers—will not be a part of the live stream.
See the complete lineup and watch ACL 2017 below.
Friday, October 6
Channel 1
2:05pm — Asleep at the Wheel
3:10pm — Mutemath
4:15pm — Crystal Castles
5:15pm — Lukas Nelson & Promise of the Real
6:15pm — Royal Blood
7:20pm — Ryan Adams
8:30pm — Foster the People
Channel 2
2:05pm — MISSIO
3:05pm — Sandy (Alex G)
5:05pm — Andrew McMahon in the Wilderness
6:05pm — Hamilton Leithauser
7:05pm — Vulfpeck
8:05pm — The Revivalists
Saturday, October 7
Channel 1
2:05pm— MUNA
2:55pm — A$AP Ferg
4:00pm — Joseph
5:00pm — LIVE
6:05pm — Cut Copy
7:10pm — Spoon
8:15pm — Red Hot Chili Peppers
Channel 2
2:05pm — Welles
3:00pm — DREAMCAR
4:00pm — Benjamin Booker
5:05pm — Cody Jinks
6:05pm — Angel Olsen
7:05pm — Tove Lo
8:05pm — The Black Angels
Sunday, October 8
Channel 1
2:05pm — Middle Kids
3:15pm — Brothers Osborne
4:20pm — Milky Chance
5:25pm — The Growlers
6:30pm — Run the Jewels
7:35pm — Portugal.the Man
Channel 2
2:05pm — Amy Shark
2:50pm — Sam Dew
3:50pm — Danny Brown
4:50pm — D.R.A.M.
5:50pm — Louis the Child
6:50pm — First Aid Kit
7:50pm — The Head and the Heart
8:50pm — Gorillaz
NEW YORK (AP) — A White House spokesperson says a pipe bomb explosion in New York City's subway system shows the need for “immigration reform.”
Sarah Huckabee Sanders said Monday that Congress should work with the president, stressing the need to “protect our borders” and calling for a “merit-based” immigration system.
Authorities say a man inspired by the Islamic State group set off a pipe bomb strapped to their body in a subway corridor near Times Square, injuring themselves and wounding three others.
Law enforcement officials say the man came to the U.S. from Bangladesh seven years ago with a type of preferential visa for people with relatives who are U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
NYC Pipe Bomb Explosion View as list View as gallery Open Gallery This photo from a 2011 drivers license shows Akayed Ullah, the suspect in the explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Ullah is suspected of strapping a pipe bomb to their body and setting off the crude device under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues, injuring themselves and a few others. (New York Department of Motor Vehicles via AP) Police block off a sidewalk while responding to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) A police officer stands guard in front of Port Authority Bus Terminal as law enforcement respond to a report of an explosion near Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017, in New York. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police stand guard in front of the Port Authority Bus Terminal near New York's Times Square following an explosion on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between 7th and 8th Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police block a street by Port Authority Bus Terminal near New York's Times Square following an explosion on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police say the explosion happened in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police secure Eighth Avenue outside the Port Authority Bus Terminal following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Chuck Zoeller) Law enforcement officials work following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Law enforcement officials work following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to their body set off the crude device in a passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki) Police stand guard in front of Port Authority Bus Terminal following an explosion near New York's Times Square on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. Police said a man with a pipe bomb strapped to them set off the crude device in an underground passageway under 42nd Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues. (AP Photo/Andres Kudacki)
If Congress succeeds in passing regulatory relief, consumers in rural areas could soon find it easier to open accounts at banks and credit unions.
Under a provision tucked in both the House and Senate versions of regulatory relief legislation, financial institutions would be able to use a scan of a customer's driver's license or other photo identification to verify that person's identity when opening an account online. The Making Online Banking Initiation Legal and Easy, or MOBILE, Act, is intended to address a patchwork of state-level restrictions concerning how state-issued photo IDs may be copied or used.
“It's a very common-sense solution to getting us fully into the digital age,” said Rey Ocañas, the head of corporate responsibility and reputation for the $87.5 billion-asset BBVA Compass Birmingham, Ala. “We really want to be able to help people open accounts easily and quickly, and we want to be able to avoid fraud. This is a no-brainer."
Smartphones should ostensibly level the playing field for people living in rural areas that are frequently underserved by the mainstream banking system. In areas where bank branches are scarce but that have broadband access, consumers should be able to open bank accounts online, at least in theory.
But would-be customers can hit a snag early in the enrollment process, when they want to use their state-issued photo ID to prove that they are who they say they are. Most states have laws restricting how those IDs can be copied or scanned, and while many also have specific exemptions for financial institutions, that's not the case nationwide.
The technology already exists and it works in a similar way to remote-deposit capture, said Jason Kratovil, the Vice President of Government Affairs at the Financial Services Roundtable. Most state-issued photo IDs now contain some type of encoded image, similar to a quick response, or QR, code, which can be read through a mobile phone camera with the right software. A bank could read that information, connect with a state's motor vehicle department to confirm it, and then prepopulate an application for a depository account, they explained.
“What it really came down to is, as folks were looking to build the software to make this possible, they came across the reality that most states have laws on their books that are [Department of Motor Vehicles]-specific laws — they're not state banking laws — that put restrictions around the use or retention of an image of a consumer's driver's license,” Kratovil said.
The MOBILE Act would essentially create a federal-level carve-out for financial institutions to use a scan or image of a photo ID when authenticating a customer's identity during the account opening process. It also stipulates that a bank or credit union must immediately destroy the image after it's served its purpose. Its supporters say the federal provision would supersede state laws that don't make exemptions for financial institutions and is therefore preferable to lobbying those states individually to change their laws.
The measure has drawn broad, bipartisan support, as many lawmakers are concerned that consumers in rural areas lack adequate access to mainstream financial services. Rep. Scott Tipton of Colorado, a Republican, introduced the provision in the House Financial Services Committee and it was included in the Financial Choice Act that passed the House this past summer. Colorado is one of six states that ban either the scanning of state-issued IDs or the scanning of encoded information on IDs. The others are Kansas, Tennessee, Mississippi, Oregon and Illinois.
More recently, the MOBILE Act was part of a manager's amendment made to the regulatory relief bill that passed out of the Senate Banking Committee last week.
Industry groups, including the American Bankers Association, the Consumer Bankers Association and the Center for Financial Services Innovation, have also lauded the measure. In a letter to Tipton earlier this year, the American Bankers Association described it as “mutually beneficial” for both banks and consumers and touted its consumer privacy safeguards.
Jeanne Horgath, vice president of the Center for Financial Services Innovation, wrote that, “we have seen examples of how mobile account opening can improve inclusion and promote success and financial health for American consumers. We believe all Americans should be able [to] access and use these products and support legislative efforts to this end.”
A handful of big banks, including JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo, have recently launched digital banking apps with a personal financial management component designed to appeal to younger consumers. While their overt intent is to hook millennial consumers, those apps could also have the secondary benefit of reaching consumers outside their physical footprints, particularly if the MOBILE Act paves the way for remote account opening nationwide.
BBVA Compass already has a variety of initiatives to reach the unbanked and underbanked in its rural markets, including working through nonprofit organizations, Ocañas said. Mobile account opening is a natural next step for reaching people in underserved markets.
“We really do have a huge opportunity to help bridge the gap for more and more people if we can do it via online and mobile channels," they said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of Birmingham's most well-known hotels has appointed a new general manager.
Barry Sherwin has taken over the reins at Hotel du Vin in Church Street, replacing long-serving manager Tony Elvin who has left to run Touchwood shopping centre in Solihull.
Mr Sherwin has 25 years of management experience in the hospitality industry, including stints running operations for restaurant brand Gusto and as managing director of hospitality management consultancy Thomas Crown Affairs.
They said: "I am looking forward to taking the baton from my good friend Tony Elvin who has done a fantastic job over the last five and a half years.
"I'll bring my experience of fast, quality guest service from Gusto and further enhance the great experience at Hotel du Vin.
"It's always been my favourite bar and restaurant in town, now I'm looking to speed up the service to those who want it."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of schools have received hoax bomb alerts forcing some to evacuate today.
More than 400 schools across the UK are understood to have been sent the threats which falsely claim a bomb has been placed on school grounds and it will be detonated if demands are not met.
Schools in the West Midlands, London, Yorkshire, Humberside, Northumberland, Lincolnshire and Bedfordshire have all been sent the threat and there are similar reports in Suffolk and Essex.
Walsall College is among those to have been evacuated.
What are the threats?
The emails are believed to have come from the United States and have been sent across the UK.
The threats are not being treated as genuine.
Eight schools in Hounslow have been affected. A council spokesperson said: “Several schools are affected in Hounslow.
"Initially we thought it was isolated to one school. But there are eight to date in Hounslow that we are aware of. I can't say if they have all been evacuated.
“We are monitoring the situation very closely, and working with the police and taking our lead from them.
“Schools have their own protocol in place and its up to them how they respond.”
At 11.10am the Metropolitan Police tweeted: "Police are investigating reports of communications made to a number of schools across London today, Monday, 19 March.
"There have been no arrests. Enquiries are ongoing."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
North Yorkshire Police have branded the threats a "hoax".
More than 350 schools are shut today due to the severe weather over the weekend.
How is your area affected?
London : Met Police have said they are investigating the reports and eight schools in Hounslow have been evacuated. The force have stressed, however, that a decision to evacuate is down to the school and not police.
An Ealing Council spokesperson said: “We know that schools have received a letter. They are aware of it and will be vigilant.
"Police will visit each school that has reported receiving a threat. Schools remain open at this time.”
Yorkshire : A statement from North Yorkshire Police said: "We have had a number of reports this morning about a bomb hoax at many of our schools across the county.
"This is believed to be a national issue.
"Our Cybercrime Unit Detectives, supported by local officers, have looked at these incidents and it is not believed there is any genuine threat. We are working with schools to offer reassurance and address any concerns."
Humberside : 20 schools have been in touch with Humberside Police to say they have been sent the email, four of them in Hull.
Det Supt Tony Cockerill said: “We have been liaising with our counterterrorism colleagues across the country and it is not believed that the threats are credible.
“We have spoken to all schools who have contacted us, reassured them that there is no need to evacuate and offered them security advice.”
Northumberland : At least 35 schools in Northumberland have been affected by the threats but they have not been evacuated.
A Northumbria Police spokesperson said: "Detectives have looked into the emails, which appear to originate from the US, and can confirm there is no viable threat.
"Schools have been visited by police to reassure them that the incident is being treated as a hoax and address any concerns."
They are also investigating.
Lincolnshire: Lincolnshire Police say nine schools in the county received fake bomb threats.
West Midlands: Walsall College has been evacuated following a bomb threat. All staff and students have been ordered to leave their campuses.
Surrey: Green Lane Primary School at Worcester Park in Surrey has been evacuated due to the threat email.
Bedfordshire: Fairfield Park Lower School in Hitchin was evacuated
Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) speaks after they were presented with the Outstanding Civilian Service Medal during a special Twilight Tattoo performance November 14, 2017 at Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia. Alex Wong/Getty Images
Mere minutes after President Donald Trump approved the declassification of the controversial memo claiming abuse of surveillance powers by the FBI, Sen. John McCain issued a sharp criticism of their Republican colleagues and Trump. In a statement, the senator from Arizona who is currently away from Washington undergoing treatment for brain cancer called on their colleagues and Trump to stop “manufacturing partisan sideshows” that ultimately only benefit Russia.
“The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests — no party's, no president's, only Putin's,” McCain said in reference to Russian President Vladimir Putin. “The American people deserve to know all of the facts surrounding Russia's ongoing efforts to subvert our democracy, which is why Special Counsel [Robert] Mueller's investigation must proceed unimpeded.”
The latest attacks on the FBI and Department of Justice serve no American interests – no party's, no president's, only Putin's. https://t.co/6dsbcBIla6 — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) February 2, 2018
The senator said it is high time that the country's elected officials not lose track of what's actually important. “In 2016, the Russian government engaged in an elaborate plot to interfere in an American election and undermine our democracy,” McCain said. “Russia employed the same tactics it has used to influence elections around the world, from France and Germany to Ukraine, Montenegro and beyond.” It is critical for the country to get to the bottom of what happened and everyone, “including the president,” has to “stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows. If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
They aren't the only Republican to publicly express unease about the fight over the memo. Fellow Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake had issued a statement Thursday with Democratic Sen. Chris Coons that called for Trump to “heed the warnings of the Justice Department and FBI, and reverse their reported decision to defy longstanding policies regarding the disclosure of classified information.”
My joint statement with @ChrisCoons in response to reports that @POTUS plans to release the House Intelligence Committee #memo against the recommendation of the @TheJusticeDept & @FBI https://t.co/Es8JsQjfbJ pic.twitter.com/OsdWqbgS0H — Jeff Flake (@JeffFlake) February 1, 2018
There was also criticism over the partisan rancor that preceded the release of the memo from former Republican Rep. Mike Rogers, who used to be the chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee. Rogers said that the whole fight over the memo had cost the committee its credibility with the intelligence community. “Unfortunately I do,” they told NPR. “And it's not necessarily even the credibility from the public perspective. I know for a fact [people in the intelligence community] don't trust Republicans and Democrats on this committee anymore to keep a secret in the intelligence community.”
Meanwhile, the FBI Agents Association also released its own statement, saying the bureau's workers would “not allow partisan politics to distract us” following the release of the memo. “The American people should know that they continue to be well-served by the world's preeminent law enforcement agency,” Thomas O'Connor, the group's president, said. Earlier in the day, Trump took to Twitter to criticize leaders at the FBI and the Justice Department for their supposed bias in favor of Democrats and against Republicans.
This photo taken July 24, 2017, shows James Hendrickson, Corbin, Ky., taking a "selfie" with the Jefferson Davis Statue following a rally in support of keeping the statue of Confederate president Jefferson Davis in the Capitol, held on the steps of the State Capitol in Frankfort, Ky. The Kentucky chapter of the Sons of Confederate Veterans organized the rally. After the photo, they attached the flag to the statue. Kentucky's NAACP is renewing efforts to have the statue removed from the Capitol Rotunda in the aftermath of deadly violence in Charlottesville, Va. Lexington Herald-Leader via AP Charles Bertram
Follow @insidefutbol
Tottenham Hotspur and Paris Saint-Germain target Juan Foyth could yet join Inter this summer.
Spurs had been favourites to land the young Argentine centre-back, but PSG then jumped into pole position by agreeing a fee with Foyth's club Estudiantes, leaving just personal terms to iron out.
But Foyth is still not a PSG player and, according to Sky Italia, they could end up at Inter.
Inter have an agreement in place with Estudiantes for the defender, but need Foyth to agree to the move.
The young Argentine appears to be carefully considering their next move as they plan their first jump into European football.
LICHFIELD, UNITED KINGDOM--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) -
This announcement contains inside information as defined in Article 7 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) 596/2014 ("Market Abuse Regulation") and is disclosed in accordance with the obligations of Voyage Care BondCo plc under Article 17 of the Market Abuse Regulations.
NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION,
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES
OF AMERICA, CANADA, JAPAN OR AUSTRALIA
VOYAGE CARE ANNOUNCES LAUNCH OF SENIOR SECURED NOTES AND SECOND LIEN NOTES OFFERING
LONDON -18 April 2017
Voyage Care BondCo plc (the "Issuer") today announced the offering of £210,000,000 aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2023 and £40,000,000 aggregate principal amount of second lien notes due 2023 (collectively, the "Notes"). The proceeds from the offering, if completed, will be used, together with equity to be injected in Voyage BidCo Limited (the "Company") by certain of its shareholders, expected borrowings under a new revolving credit facility to be entered into between the Company and the lenders thereto and cash at bank and in hand to (i) redeem in full the outstanding amount of the Issuer's £222,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 61/ 2 % senior secured notes due 2018 and the Issuer's £50,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 11% second lien notes due 2019, including the payment of associated redemption premiums and accrued and unpaid interest, (ii) fund working capital requirements and (iii) pay certain fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing.
Cautionary Statement
The Notes will be offered only to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A and outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), subject to prevailing market and other conditions. There is no assurance that the offering will be completed or, if completed, as to the terms on which it is completed. The Notes to be offered have not been registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or unless pursuant to an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the Notes, nor shall it constitute an offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.
This announcement does not constitute and shall not, in any circumstances, constitute a public offering nor an invitation to the public in connection with any offer within the meaning of the Directive 2003/71/EC of the Parliament and Council of November 4, 2003 as implemented by the Member States of the European Economic Area (the "Prospectus Directive"), as amended from time to time. The offer and sale of the Notes will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Directive, as implemented in Member States of the European Economic Area, from the requirement to produce a prospectus for offers of securities.
In connection with the issuance of the Notes, one of the initial purchasers will serve as stabilizing manager and may over-allot the Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the stabilizing manager (or persons acting on behalf of the stabilizing manager) will undertake stabilization actions. Any stabilization action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the Notes is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earliest of 30 days after the issue date of the Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the Notes. Any stabilization action or over-allotment must be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.
Forward-Looking Statements
This press release may include forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms "believes, �estimates", �anticipates", "expects, �intends", �may", �will" or "should" or, in each case, their negative, or other variations or comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are not historical facts and include statements regarding the Voyage Care group or its affiliates' intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other things, the Voyage Care group or its affiliates' results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, prospects, growth, strategies and the industries in which they operate. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Readers are cautioned that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that the Voyage Care group or its affiliates' actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industries in which they operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this press release. In addition, even if the Voyage Care group or its affiliates' results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industries in which they operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this press release, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods.
A Marine earns a Purple Heart at Camp Foster, Okinawa Japan in May 2015.
A 27-year-old Marine was killed Friday in an early morning crash on Camp Pendleton, the California Highway Patrol confirmed.
A passing motorist noticed a grey Mazda 3 down an embankment on Christianitos Road, east of El Camino Real on the far North end of the base, shortly after midnight and found the Marine unresponsive in the car.
CHP officers believe the Marine was driving eastbound on Christianitos Road when they went down the embankment and crashed into a utility pole and a tree.
The Marine was pronounced dead at the scene by responding emergency personnel.
CHP Officer Mark Latulippe said that it wasn't immediately clear what time the crash occurred or if drugs or alcohol were involved.
The Marine lived on base, according to the CHP.
The United State Marine Corps has not confirmed the identity of the Marine.
Walmart is in hot water and had to send out another apology. The big box store had a banner over a case of guns that read “Own the school year like a hero.”
Walmart is now investigating and trying to figure out whether an employee created the display or a customer manipulated it.
Walmart just can't get a break.
written by Sight
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Hizbollah boosted by battleground successes in Syria conflict
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
More than 3,000 locomotive engineers and conductors at Canadian Pacific Railway are on strike.
The workers, represented by the Teamsters Canada Rail Conference, walked off the job Tuesday evening (May 29).
Talks between TCRC negotiators and the railway company are ongoing, TCRC said in a news release issued late Tuesday.
“I can confirm that talks are ongoing, assisted by federal mediators, and we hope to have more information in the coming hours,” said TCRC's director of public affairs Chris Monette.
“Teamsters are committed to working with federal mediators and reaching a negotiated settlement. The union is willing to remain at the bargaining table during the strike,” the union added.
ADVERTISEMENT
Shippers that depend on CP to move their products are asking Ottawa to take decisive action to ensure that the impacts of the labour disruption are minimized.
“With recovery from the recent grain shipping backlog still ongoing, the loss of one of Canada's two major railways is going to have a significant negatively impact on hard-working farm families on the Prairies,” said the Grain Growers of Canada (GGC).
“We … are calling on (Ottawa) … to move quickly and take whatever action is required to get grain moving again.”
GGC called the strike at CP “potentially disastrous,” for the Canadian agriculture sector.
Canada's fertilizer industry issued a similar plea.
“Some fertilizer companies continue to experience unpredictable levels of service,” said Fertilizer Canada in a prepared statement.
“A strike will further aggravate the situation.”
“As the Canadian fertilizer industry exports to more than 75 countries, our members rely on an efficient transportation system in order to remain globally competitive,” added Garth Whyte, president and chief executive officer of Fertilizer Canada.
ADVERTISEMENT
“We strongly urge the government to take whatever action is necessary to ensure minimal damage is done to the Canadian economy and especially Canadian trade industries.”
Prime minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday that the federal government won't be rushed into introducing back-to-work legislation.
“Quite frankly, we have companies that have gotten used to the fact that in certain industries, the government in the past was very quick to legislate against unions,” they said Tuesday in Toronto.
“We are not going to do that.”
The Liberal government believes in collective bargaining but will take steps to encourage both sides to reach a settlement, they added.
CP also announced Tuesday that it has reached a tentative three-year labour agreement with signal maintainers represented by the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW).
The tentative agreement will ensure that passenger operations at CP are not affected and that IBEW employees remain on the job until the results of a ratification vote are known.
Contact brian.cross@producer.com
Buffalo Grove students place third in History Day contest
hello
Liquor is poured into a sewer after a raid in 1921. Courtesy of Library of Congress
A group of classmates from Twin Groves Middle School in Buffalo Grove spent their entire eighth-grade year doing historical research -- over and above their regular homework -- and it was fun.
Rishika Chikoti and Aditi Singh, both of Hawthorn Woods, and Krishna Patel and Ojasvi Saxena, both of Buffalo Grove, learned earlier this summer that their project submitted to the National History Day contest advanced to nationals. They ultimately placed third among junior high entries.
Their topic?
"Keeping Chicago Dry: Eliot Ness and the Untouchables."
Ironically, they learned of their award-winning finish while watching the ceremony being live-streamed during their World History summer school class at Stevenson High School, where all four start as freshmen this week.
Their placement was the highest any student from Twin Groves has finished, says teacher Jill Leone, and rightly so, they say.
"Their project was amazing; I was so proud of all the work that they did," Leone said last week of their website filled with details about Ness and their fight against mobster Al Capone during Prohibition.
"I was available if they had questions or wanted me to check over their project," Leone added, "but they did all the research themselves and chose the quotes, visuals and wrote the captions."
The young teens were in Leone's social studies class last fall at Twin Groves when they took the plunge and joined their History Club.
"During club meetings, we work on research skills and analysis writing," Leone says. "We also spend a significant amount of time in class working on analyzing historical documents."
The students also choose a research topic to enter into the World History Day contest. According to the rules, they needed to select a topic that had a connection to Illinois and they had to stay within the theme: "Taking a Stand in History."
"We decided to focus on Eliot Ness because of their character and integrity," Aditi said, "and that they had the courage to fight others and take a stand, even when everyone was against him."
Them classmate, Rishika, added that they divided up the work. The more they did, they say, the more they learned about the depth of the corruption.
"We couldn't believe how corrupt society was at the time -- and how it was considered to be an everyday norm," Rishika said.
In compiling their research, they gained enough confidence to contact the Library of Congress Archives and the Smithsonian Institution, and they even tried to call the FBI. Ultimately, their list of primary and secondary sources extended through 15 pages documented on their website.
"While we were doing it, it didn't feel like work," says Ojasvi. "We'd talk about it at the (Vernon Area Public) Library and at the lunch table. It was the process that we loved."
National History Day is a foundation based in College Park, Maryland, and its contest is its largest initiative, drawing more than 500,000 junior high and high school students to conduct research on original topics of interest each year.
"When we joined the club, we knew a group (from Twin Groves) had made it to nationals last year, and we had hoped to get there," Krishna says, "but it was really shocking when we made it to the finals."
The group didn't have to go to regionals or to the state competition since they could just submit their website.
"But we had to go to the first day of finals, where we were interviewed by national judges," Krishna says. "We were just so grateful for the ability to go. I think it will really prepare us for high school."
Check out all their research and artifacts at http://keepingchicagodry.weebly.com.
FILE - In this October 1989 file photo, the Dalai Lama, left, talks to the comedy writing and acting team of Renee Taylor and Joe Bologna, during a backstage visit prior to the Dalai Lama's convocation on the subject of compassion at UC Irvine in Irvine, Calif. The Dalai Lama gave a special marriage blessing in the Tibetan Buddhist rite to Taylor and Bologna. Oscar-nominated writer Bologna has died. They were 82. Their manager Matt Sherman says Bologna died Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017, after a three-year battle against pancreatic cancer. Taylor credited their doctors for prolonging their life so they could receive a lifetime achievement award at the Night of 100 Stars on Feb. 26. Bologna was nominated for an Oscar in 1971 for best adapted screenplay for “Lovers and Strangers.” They won an Emmy in 1973. File AP Photo
FAIRBORN, Ohio (WDTN) – The Fairborn City Council has selected the finalists for the City Manager position and are inviting the public to meet them.
The City will host a candidate reception Thursday, February 23 at the Holiday Inn, 2800 Presidential Drive from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m.
The public is encouraged to attend the reception and meet the candidates. Refreshments will be provided.
The candidate list includes:
Lowell Crow of Monmouth, IL
John Jezak of Maumee, OH
John Murphy of Hobbs, NM
Thomas Thomas of Rock Island, IL.
The City said Wednesday Robert Anderson of Fairborn is an alternate candidate should one of the four withdraw.
Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news, weather and sports. To get alerts for breaking news, grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android. You can also sign up for email alerts here.
Don't miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news
BRONX, NY (WWAY) — Former UNCW standout pitcher Evan Phillips made their major league debut this evening for the Atlanta Braves against the New York Yankees.
The Braves trailed by three in the sixth when Phillips took the mound. They pitched 2.1 innings, only struck out one and gave up a 2-run home run to Giancarlo Stanton.
- Advertisement -
Phillips and the Braves fell to New York 8-5.
The Clayton native pitched for UNCW from 2012-2015.
It took Stan Kelman three years of monitoring and tinkering to muscle their wife's credit score to a perfect 850. “It's a personal achievement,” says the 44-year-old business analyst and data scientist. “I'm very proud of it.”
Anna, their wife, let them direct the strategy for managing their accounts—whether to apply for new credit, when to ask for higher limits, how much of those limits to draw on. Them husband, a self-described credit card-obsessive, was also working on their own record. Six months ago, when some big credit blemishes finally dropped off their report, their score reached as high as 842. Within a year, Kelman thinks they can reach 850, too.
Some 200 million U.S. consumers have FICO credit scores, while just under 3 million, or about 1.4 percent, have perfect 850s. That's according to Fair Isaac Corp., the company behind the 28-year-old scoring model used by lenders to predict whether you will pay back a loan. But over the years the number has become much more than that—it's now an American totem of success or failure, hope or despair, security or risk. While there are competing models, almost anyone with a credit card knows that a number typically ranging between 300 and 850 holds huge sway over their financial life.
Source: Stan Kelman
Or does it? America may finally be approaching what could arguably be called peak credit score. This year, the average national FICO number is 700, just above where it stood in October 2006, before the run-up to our most recent financial collapse. The ranks of “super-prime” consumers—those with scores of 800 and up—have steadily increased since 2010, and now number over 41 million, more than consumers with scores of 600 or below.
A big reason for this is that American consumer finances are generally in good shape. While the overall level of household debt has returned to its pre-recession peak, it remains low when compared with income, says Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody's Analytics. Debt service—principal and interest payments as a percent of income—is at an all-time low, helped by mortgage refinancing over the past decade.
It used to be that your credit score was a big mystery, or you had to pay to see it. Now credit card companies can't wait to show you your score, for free. But those three-digit numbers you get every month aren't necessarily the ones lenders use. In reality, you have dozens of scores, some based on previous versions of FICO scoring models and others developed by the three big credit bureaus. And your score will vary by the lender's industry—mortgage, auto loan, credit card, and telecom services.
It's possible all this transparency has fueled our pursuit of creditworthiness. What has definitely helped is a steady decline in payment delinquencies of more than 90 days, especially in real estate loans. All those negative credit entries earned in the recession have also started to disappear from reports thanks to the seven-year rule that helped Kelman. Meanwhile, automated bill payments are removing human error from the equation. A lull in the growth of new subprime accounts from early 2012 to early 2014, and a lingering reluctance on the part of consumers to seek new credit hasn't hurt, either. (Applying for more credit temporarily dings your score.)
Illustration: Thomas Hunter
To be fair, some experts see U.S. credit consciousness as being at a post-recession inflection point. Rather than dodgy mortgage loans, however, these days the risk factor is subprime auto loans, where delinquencies have been rising for four years.
While late credit card and mortgage payments are also starting to tick up, Zandi believes those measures “are simply returning to historical norms.” Looser underwriting and hard-hit consumers in energy patches like Texas and the Dakotas are driving some of that. But there's a third possible explanation: The weakening predictive power of credit scores as consumers learn how to game the system.
“The scoring models may not be telling us the same thing that they have historically, because people are so focused on their scores and working hard to get them up,” Zandi says. Those score-fluffing strategies are “mucking with their relationship to the underlying credit risk.”
Ethan Dornhelm, vice president for scores and analytics at FICO, said the company sees “no evidence of score gaming.” Recent increases in credit card delinquencies is on the banks, they said, since more low-scoring consumers are obtaining credit as lenders “aggressively compete for new card volume.”
We know our credit score sets interest rates on what we borrow, sure. But many may not realize that it also affects what card offers you get, what deposit utilities require, what your insurance rate will be, whether you get that rental apartment, or what your installment plan is for a mobile phone. In our society, it's a three-digit number that can open or shut doors. Not surprisingly, many hyper-competitive consumers obsess over it. And when Americans obsess over something, they start looking for an edge.
Credit: Fair Isaac Corp.
“We've all been raised using a grading and evaluation system from school through work,” says John Ulzheimer, a credit expert who has worked at FICO and Equifax Inc. “You want to do as good as possible, and as good as possible in the credit scoring world is 850.” The only number that may be more important is your cholesterol count, they say.
The quest for the perfect credit score is “part of our western competitive edge,” says Sarah Davies, senior vice president of analytics and research at VantageScore Solutions, which has a scoring model that competes with FICO. “Here's a way not to keep up with the Joneses, but to get ahead.”
Your credit score has become such a popular character-meter that there are dating services based on them. A 2015 academic study found that “quality in credit scores, measured at the time of relationship formation, are highly predictive of subsequent separations.” The research suggested “credit scores reveal an individual's relationship skill and level of commitment.”
As if you needed another reason to boost your score.
Members of the 850 Club can be broken into two groups. There are the super-knowledgeable tacticians trying to crack scoring algorithms, and the naturally prudent. Some are prepping for a loan. Others are just credit-score hobbyists. Paul Chua, 40, who works at San Carlos, Calif.-based Helix, a startup focused on personal genomics, is one of the tacticians.
It's almost like a video game, they say, “where people are trying to get a good score.”
Chua learned about credit the hard way. They ruined their score by running up debt in college. They read up on how to fix it, went on internet forums, and eventually got their credit into good shape—then they landed a job at consumer credit firm Credit Karma. Even with all that effort, though, the big reason for their success was simple: They didn't miss a payment for seven years. They also used at most 5 percent of their credit limit, since scores can be hurt by high “utilization rates.”
Chua had an 850 score for about two months, they say, but it dropped to the 800s because they applied for a few rewards cards. Trying to get multiple cards in a fairly short period is interpreted as a sign of potential financial trouble, but if you're looking for a big-ticket item like a mortgage, scoring algorithms will assume you're only trying to buy one house when several lenders check you out.
So let's say you're a good consumer, you've never paid late, never did anything credit rating agencies might consider naughty. Why do you only have an 810? Getting to the big leagues, let alone the magic 850, usually requires a little more effort. In some cases, it might even help to have screwed up your credit at some point.
Illustration: Thomas Hunter
All those credit cards from college that initially hurt Chua, for example, helped them down the line. That's because they never cut them up, creating a longer credit history and a higher average age across their accounts. Both of those numbers feed into the 15 percent or so of a FICO score based on the length of your credit history. A virtuous cycle develops when you have good credit, says Chua. More companies offer you credit, which raises your total credit limit, which means you can make bigger transactions but still use the same percentage of your total credit.
Chua used to work with Kelman, our FICO score-obsessed husband, whom they call their “credit-card mentor.” Kelman was Credit Karma's lead analyst in data sciences, able to crunch a huge pool of anonymous information. “I had access to the credit reports of millions of people, and you just correlate the variables,” says Kelman.
Kelman's own credit saga is much more complicated than Chua's, and involved a lot more gamesmanship.
Their family had arrived in America from the former Soviet Union a year before they started college and got their first credit card. They were dumbfounded by the concept. They described the card as a potent symbol of capitalism, “a rectangular bundle of joy” that at the time seemed to signal a “crowning achievement.” For about 17 years, they had great credit.
It might have stayed that way had they not charged the cost of a move from New York to Silicon Valley. In 2010, they decided to default on four credit cards, plotting out a high-stakes strategy: They would stop paying their cards and then try to negotiate with issuers just before hitting 180 days of non-payment. Accounting rules require credit-card companies to write off bad debts at that point, and they figured they don't like doing that.
Through perseverance, well-rehearsed tales of woe, and the unplugging of their land line to avoid collection calls, Kelman reached settlements averaging 30 cents for each dollar they owed. Their credit score, however, fell below 600.
Their rebuilding effort was assisted by their diligence in paying down student loans while keeping credit card companies at bay. It also helped that a few older cards survived (though their limits were cut dramatically), keeping their long credit history intact.
Going forward, Kelman charged very little on their cards, using less than 5 percent of their overall limit across cards and less than 30 percent on each one. They sometimes paid their balance more than once a month, disputed minor inconsistencies in reports, and asked issuers for higher limits. They rarely applied for new credit.
After two years, they had a credit limit of $40,000 and a score in the low 700s. When the seven-year-old negative information fell off their report, their numbers jumped into the low 800s. By July 12, their FICO score was just 8 points short of perfect.
While all this strategizing can pay off, the reality is that it's a lot of effort. And what does a perfect 850 bring you? Very little that you couldn't get with a lower score, it turns out. “There is no incremental value to having an 850 score over, say, a 760 or 780,” says Ulzheimer.
Credit card expert Jason Steele contends that a stellar credit score did help them obtain an “ultra-low rate” of 2.875 percent on a 5-year adjustable rate mortgage. But that's about it.
To get there, Steele didn't apply for new credit in the three months before seeking the mortgage as they knew banks would be sensitive to any fresh applications. They also began paying off their card charges before the statement close date, since that's when balances are reported to credit bureaus—a big deal since they're considered long-term debt. They also charged less on their cards.
There's additional disappointment awaiting perfectionists who want an 850 in perpetuity: Credit scores fluctuate from month to month. Steele compares their obsession with the desire to keep a new Jeep or truck spotless. Good credit is meant to be used just like off-road vehicles are meant to get dirty.
“You're kind of missing the point,” they say of 850-worshippers. “The point is for you to use your great credit to apply for really high-end premium cards with excellent sign-up bonuses, and get the lowest possible rate for other loans.”
Have personal finance questions or lessons to share? Join Money Talks, the new Facebook community from Bloomberg News.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham train passengers need to be demanding and complain loudly if services fail like they do in Japan.
That is the view of Japanese Ambassador to the UK Koji Tsurouka who was in Birmingham for the launch of the new West Midlands Railway franchise.
The new West Midlands Railway service will see £1 billion worth of investment, in hundreds of new carriages, station upgrades, more services including at off peak times, free wifi and new ticketing systems.
And it is backed by a consortium of three investors Dutch rail company Abellio and two Japanese firms JR East and Mitsui.
It is the first time Japanese rail companies have invested in Britain and is big news in the Far East - and coverage was beamed back to Tokyo by a pack of travelling journalists and film crews.
Mr Tsurouka, speaking at the launch, said their train from London had arrived on time despite their worries over the snowfall. Visitors were greeted to the sight of the first train bearing the West Midlands Railway livery.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
They said: “The expectation of passengers ought to be very high. In Japan passengers are extremely demanding. If there's any problem the rail company can expect a lynching in public.”
They urged Birmingham travellers to be as demanding. “We need passengers to be demanding and choose companies which deliver. I have no doubt we will see a satisfactory service for passengers here.”
A key feature is the promise of compensation if services are delayed by 15 minutes or more under the new operator.
A further new aspect for the operator, which replaced London Midland, is that it will be managed locally by the West Midlands Combined Authority and local councils under the West Midlands Rail umbrella. Until now franchises have been overseen by the Department for Transport in London.
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Director of West Midlands Rail Malcolm Holmes said that as a commuter on the Cross City Line themselves they will know how well the service is going.
“We will hold the operator to account and ensure the investment is made,” they said.
Of the new £1 billion investment , £680 million will be spent on new trains being built by Bombardier in Derby, and Spanish manufacturer CAF.
Managing director of the new service Jan Chaudhry-van der Velde said: “We are delighted to see so many of our new trains produced in the Midlands, stimulating the economy.
“Along with 900 apprenticeships put in place over the coming years, we will be building a legacy that will benefit the industry for decades to come.”
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Key plans include
20,000 extra seats for rush hour passengers in Birmingham.
50,000 standing places for Birmingham passengers in Metro-style carriages
100 new carriages on the Cross City line
80 new carriages for the Snow Hill line
Compensation if delayed by more than 15 minutes
Free WiFi on all main line services by the end of 2019
A roll out of smart ticketing and live passenger information
Trains and stations branded in a purple, yellow and white West Midlands Railway livery
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Today is National Offer Day and parents across the country will be finding out if their child has been allocated a place at their preferred primary school.
The classes in primary school are much smaller than those at secondary so getting your first choice can be a little tougher.
If you are not happy with the school your child has been allocated to there is something you can do about it.
Here's everything you need to know about how you can appeal.
Appealing a school's decision
You will be sent a letter about your child's school place which will give you a guide on how to appeal the decision.
Depending on the school, the appeal process might be dealt with by the council or the school board.
You have until May to appeal your child's school place. In order to do this you need to contact the council in writing - you can find the form on your local council website. Some councils will let you submit the form via email, others may require that you send it by post.
If the primary school directly deals with its appeals you will need to contact them to find out how the process works and where you can get the form from.
The local council will have a deadline of when you need to lodge your appeal by. Check the website - under the school admissions section - to find out.
You must appeal against each rejection separately.
Appeals for infant classes
In reception, year 1 and year 2, the class size is limited to 30. Your application can be turned down if all the classes already have 30 children.
You can still appeal if your child had been offered a place. The appeal could be successful if:
the admission arrangements have not been properly followed
the admission criteria are not legal, according to the school admissions appeal code
the decision to refuse your child a place was not reasonable
Accepting the offer
Accept the school place your child has been offered. Although you might be unhappy with it, you run the risk of your child not having a school come September.
Once you have done this, put your child's name down on waiting lists for other schools you like. Check your local council website to find out which schools have waiting lists and if there are any free spaces in other schools.
Appeal hearing
After you have sent your appeal off, the school or the council must give you at least ten school days notice before the hearing takes place.
All cases must be heard within 40 days of the appeal deadline.
According to the gov.uk website this is what will happen at the appeal.
The admission authority will explain why they turned down your application. You will be given the opportunity to give your reasons on why your child should be admitted. The appeals panel must decide if the school's admission criteria was properly followed and legally according to the school admissions appeals code . If the criteria is legal and was properly followed, the panel must decide if they were followed fairly and thoroughly. If the criteria was not followed properly or was illegal, your appeal must be upheld. If your appeal has not already been upheld, the panel will decide if your reasons outweigh the school's reasons for not admitting another child. The panel will send you and the admission authority their decision within 5 school days.
Once a panel has made their decision this can only be overturned by a court. If there is a change in your circumstances that could affect the decision you might be able to appeal again.
FILE - In this Jan. 8, 2017, file photo, Harvey Weinstein arrives at The Weinstein Company and Netflix Golden Globes afterparty in Beverly Hills, Calif. New York's governor on Monday, March 19, 2018, directed the state's attorney general to review the 2015 decision by the Manhattan district attorney's office to not prosecute a sex abuse case against Weinstein. Photo by Chris Pizzello
CHICAGO (AP) — The numbers are just part of the picture. Jose Abreu's value to the Chicago White Sox extends far beyond the field.
So while the rebuilding project continues on the South Side, Abreu remains with the only major league team they have ever known. The slugging first baseman means so much to Chicago in so many ways that it's tough to find a trade that is worth it for the White Sox.
"There was clearly speculation that they could conceivably have been moved this past offseason," general manager Rick Hahn said Friday on the first day of the team's annual fan convention. "Part of the reason that they aren't is that we do put a large value on what they do in the clubhouse, how they represent themselves and the organization, what they do for our young players. The way they go about their business is the epitome of what we expect from a White Sox player.
"That probably leads to us valuing them more highly than other organizations who haven't had the pleasure of having him, which makes it that much more difficult to line up on finding value in a trade."
That is more than fine for Abreu, who remains loyal to Chicago despite going through four straight losing seasons since they agreed to their first contract with the White Sox in October 2013. From Abreu's perspective, White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf and executives Kenny Williams and Hahn took a chance on them coming out of Cuba, and that means something to him.
"I love the city. I love the fans. I love the team," Abreu said through a translator. "I love Jerry, Kenny, Rick, because they believed in me at a point where I didn't know if people can believe in me because I was out of my comfort zone. The only thing I can say is I feel honored to be here and I feel honored to wear this jersey every day."
Abreu has been remarkably consistent since joining the White Sox, hitting .290 or better with at least 25 homers and 100 RBIs every year. They were the unanimous choice for AL Rookie of the Year in 2014.
While they remain productive at the plate, it's their connection to two of Chicago's top prospects that might provide the most value to the team at this point. Abreu has served as a mentor to Yoan Moncada since the Cuban second baseman was acquired in the Chris Sale trade with Boston in December 2016, and they helped recruit countryman Luis Robert to the White Sox.
"He's been awesome for me," Moncada said through a translator. "As a player, as a human being, he's an example for me and I've been trying always to follow him, to follow them as an example, as the guy that I want to be. Being able to stay with them here and play with them is a huge opportunity for me."
Abreu, who turns 31 on Monday, picked Moncada up at the airport when they were promoted to Chicago in July. Now Moncada has taken an active role in helping Robert get used to professional baseball in the U.S.
"I passed through that process that Luis is passing right now," Moncada said. "Abreu was a big help for me during the process and then I learned a few things that I want to teach them, thanks to Abreu."
Abreu hit .304 with 33 homers and 102 RBIs last season, but Chicago finished fourth in the AL Central with a 67-95 record. They said they lost about 10 pounds over the winter by working hard and eating healthy.
As more of Chicago's top prospects make it to the majors, they are hoping to be there for them as well.
"I know that my English is probably not so good right now, but I'm trying to get better in that aspect and I'm pretty sure I'm going to be better this year in how I can influence all of them in the clubhouse," Abreu said. "That's one of my goals. I started on it last year and I think that this year I'm going to be more able to do it with more confidence."
___
Jay Cohen can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/jcohenap
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Russia's poor start to spring means farmers may struggle to collect a wheat crop that's near to last year's record.
Cold weather in central areas and the Volga valley delayed the resumption of winter wheat growth by about two to three weeks compared with last year, according to the Institute for Agricultural Market Studies, or IKAR. Lingering snow has also given farmers in the world's top exporter less time to sow spring crops, potentially leading to smaller-than-expected plantings.
Smaller Wheat Crop Russian output is expected to be at least 9 percent smaller than a year earlier Source: USDA for seasons through 2017-18; 2018-19 figure is average of estimates from IKAR, ProZerno and SovEcon
That prompted IKAR to cut its harvest estimate to between 72 million and 78 million metric tons, down at least 9 percent from a year earlier. Consultant ProZerno sees bigger declines. The risk to Russian output comes as dryness is threatening crops in the U.S. Plains and as the International Grains Council expects global production to fall next season for the first time in at least three years.
“The growing conditions are less favorable than last year,” meaning Russian yields will probably decline, said Oleg Sukhanov, chief of grains research at IKAR. “Acreage will most likely be a bit less as well.”
Read more: Spring crops in France to the Black Sea at risk from planting delays
The crop is still expected to be one of the biggest on record, and there's time for weather to affect output before farmers start harvesting in a couple of months. For example, since May 2017, the U.S. Department of Agriculture steadily raised its forecast for Russia's production this season from 67 million tons to 85 million tons.
Conditions are better in Russia's south, the country's main wheat-growing and exporting region, and there's a chance the harvest there will be bigger than last year's, Sukhanov said. Consultant ProZerno in Moscow raised its estimate for the total wheat crop by 2.7 percent earlier this month, citing an improved outlook for the south. Rains in central parts were “really good” for winter wheat in the past week, said Andrey Sizov Jr., SovEcon's managing director.
Here's a breakdown of estimates:
Missouri held off No. 21 Kentucky to pick up one of its best wins of the season with a 69-60 SEC home win on Saturday afternoon.
Leading for most of the game, the Tigers (15-8, 5-5) earned another big conference win over a top-25 team as they hope to improve its résumé in the eyes of the committee. Many people have Missouri right on the cut line for the Field of 68 right now as they're a potentially intriguing team if they get the opportunity to play in March.
Missouri's defense stepped up in a major way as they held Kentucky to 32 percent shooting (21-for-66) and 10 percent three-point shooting (2-for-20). Solid in transition defense and not allowing a Kentucky three until three minutes left in the game, this was one of the best efforts on that end from Missouri all year. It's also a potentially positive sign of things to come if the group can continue to play with that effort.
Kassius Robertson and Jordan Burnett paced the Tigers with a game-high 16 points each while first-year student Jontay Porter added 13 points. Missouri still has work to do to get in, but this win is a solid building block for the next month.
Kentucky (17-6, 6-4) had a miserable offensive effort as they looked disjointed and had a lot of bad possessions. The half court offense for the Wildcats didn't produce a lot of clean looks while individual players often tried to do too much in transition. The team is also clearly adjusting to getting first-year student Jarred Vanderbilt (eight points, 10 rebounds) back in the rotation as their unique offensive game could take time to get used to.
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander was Kentucky's only double-figure scorer with 15 points as most of the team had a hard time hitting anything. With a lot of players also in foul trouble, it was an ugly game without rhythm for the Wildcats.
After this game, Auburn has a two-game lead in the SEC as the unlikely first-place team but there's plenty of time left. Kentucky's loss snaps a three-game winning streak that has seen the Wildcats also go down a troubling trend of falling behind by double-digits.
Kentucky found themselves down by as many as 17 to West Virginia and 14 to Vanderbilt but they were able to come back and win in both instances. Down by 14 to Missouri on Saturday, Kentucky couldn't overcome the deficit when its offense never showed up.
The next few games don't get any easier for Kentucky as they host Tennessee before road games at Texas A&M and Auburn. The Wildcats will have to play significantly and avoid falling behind if they want to end up with a winning record in that stretch.
Rose Parade features colorful floats, heavy police security
hello
A K-9 security dog checks a utility vehicle outside prior to the Rose Bowl NCAA college football game in Pasadena, Calif., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Penn State takes on Southern California in the game. Associated Press
FBI security forces arrive prior to the Rose Bowl NCAA college football game in Pasadena, Calif., Monday, Jan. 2, 2017. Penn State takes on Southern California in the game. Associated Press
A worker fills barriers with water on one of the cross streets along the route of the Rose Parade on Sunday evening, Jan. 1, 2017, in Pasadena, Calif. The parade is normally held on New Year's Day, but this year will be held on Jan. 2 because of a never-on Sunday tradition. Associated Press
PASADENA, Calif. -- The colorful and lively Rose Parade marched safely Monday under cloudy skies and the watchful presence of more than 1,000 law enforcement officers.
No major problems were reported after security and other safety measures were beefed up for the 128th annual parade as a response to several terror attacks in Europe in the past year.
There were no known threats toward Pasadena, officials said, but in addition to uniformed and plainclothes officers, additional security measures were taken. Sturdy barricades were erected at more than 50 intersections to prevent a terrorist attack like ones that happened in Berlin and Nice, France, last year when trucks barreled into crowds of people.
A large law enforcement presence was also seen at the nearby Rose Bowl, where the University of Southern California was to play Penn State.
As fans tailgated hours before the game, several truckloads of FBI SWAT officers arrived at the stadium. They were joined by Los Angeles sheriff's deputies, the California Highway Patrol, Pasadena police, bomb-sniffing dogs and Homeland Security officers.
The 5Â½-mile parade featured marching bands, horseback riders and dozens of ornately decorated flower-covered floats.
Highlights included a Hawaii-themed float with a volcano and several waterfalls, another with surfing dogs and one honoring the 49 people killed in the Pulse nightclub in Orlando, Florida. The AIDS Healthcare Foundation sponsored the float titled "To Honor and Remember Orlando" that included three survivors of the attack.
Three Olympic gold medalists - runner Allyson Felix, diver Greg Louganis and swimmer Janet Evans - were grand marshals of the parade.
Temperatures were cooler than normal, in the 50s during the parade. Spectators who arrived early and some at the end of the show experienced light rain.
Would you trust a doctor with tattoos? A third of young adults admit to having at least one tattoo – and more professionals are entering their fields sporting body art than ever before.
Doctors need not fear that sporting a tattoo might drive patients away.
Patients' evaluation
That's the finding of a small, new study that included seven doctors in the emergency department of a trauma centre in a large Pennsylvania city who wore either fake body piercings or tattoos, or both, or no body art at all.
The researchers surveyed nearly 1 000 adult patients after a consultation with one of the doctors. Specifically, the patients were asked about their views on their doctor's competence, professionalism, caring attitude, approachability, trustworthiness and reliability.
The patients rated all five qualities highly more than 75% of the time, whether or not they were treated by a doctor with visible body art. Age, gender, education levels and ethnicity also did not seem to have any effect on the patients' responses, the findings showed.
The study authors, led by Dr Rebecca Jeanmonod from St. Luke's University Health, didn't ask patients whether they had body art themselves, or whether they disapproved of it. And ER patients may not be like other types of patients, the researchers acknowledged.
Still, "physician tattoos and facial piercings were not factors in patients' evaluations of physician competence, professionalism or approachability," the researchers reported.
The study was published online in the Emergency Medicine Journal.
At least one tattoo
While previous studies have indicated that patients prefer doctors in traditional attire, they were based mainly on photos and written descriptions. Few involved actual interaction between patients and doctors, according to the researchers behind the new study.
The study team also noted that tattoos and piercings are becoming increasingly common. In 2016, more than one-third of young US adults, and four out of 10 of those aged 26 to 40 said they had at least one tattoo. In 2014, the rate of body piercings was 14%.
"Given these statistics, those who enter the medical field today are more likely to have body art than medical professionals did previously," the study authors wrote in a journal news release. "Despite this, dress codes and institutional policies at most hospitals still prohibit medical professionals from having visible body art."
Image credit: iStock
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Nathan Shivam with family members. Picture: SUPPLIED
Update: 6:03PM SUVA football has registered their 2012 Vodafone Fiji FACT hero Shivam Nathan in their side for the semi-final clash against Nadi on Sunday.
Nathan after a knee injury did not play competitive football but they took up Suva's coaching job this year.
Nathan scored in the 1-0 win over Ba which ended Suva's 17-years of Fiji FACT title drought at Govind Park in Ba.
Suva will take on defending champion Nadi in the second semi-final at 4.30pm at Ratu Cakobau Park in Nausori.
Rev. Hyeon Soo Lim, who was imprisoned in North Korea for more than two years, is seen reuniting with their wife Keum Young Lim as they returned to Canada. HANDOUT / Reuters
During their first year in captivity, they had no Bible, so they read more than 100 books and watched over 300 films, all of them about North Korea, they said.
They then received Korean and English Bibles, which they read five times, memorizing more than 700 verses since they were not allowed to write.
Lim was glad to be at their home church after worshiping alone for 130 Sundays, although they were grateful for an extended time of solitude with God, they said.
“God gave me the ability to imagine,” they said. “When you don't watch TV or read the newspaper, there's a lot of time.”
Follow NBC Asian America on
Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr.
As Baker Mayfield's college career came to an end, agents from across the football community vied to represent the Heisman Trophy winner.
While Mayfield ultimately settled on Capital Sports Advisors, it was Brett Favre's agent, Bus Cook, who made a particularly poor impression on Mayfield.
In the opening moments of the Facebook series, Behind Baker, the former Oklahoma quarterback detailed a brief exchange with Cook that resulted in Mayfield hanging up on the longtime agent.
Mayfield said:
“Bus Cook, Brett Favre's agent, great story. Every agent does the same thing, they give their resume, what they're about, all this stuff. Finally, when they were about to give me a chance to talk, they asked, ‘So, when did Bob Stoops start recruiting you?' And I literally — I said, ‘Excuse me?' And they repeated the question.” And then I said, ‘Yeah, I gotta go.' And I just hung up.”
Mayfield was offended that Cook wanted to represent them but couldn't take the time to learn their history.
Mayfield was a walk-on at Texas Tech in 2013 before transferring to Oklahoma as a walk-on. They didn't play for the Sooners until 2015. They aren't a highly recruited prospect and only had offers from FAU, New Mexico and Rice out of high school.
Understandably, Mayfield wanted their agent to at least know those details.
Right now in the US, sperm donors are promised anonymity. They can give hundreds of donations, so they could have a lot of kids out there who don't know who their biological father is. Also, when children do know who the sperm donors are, perhaps because it was a friend or family member, other problems might arise.
There was a US Supreme Court case where a Florida man who had testicular cancer froze their sperm and their wife had a set of twins with their sperm after they died. The children born after they had died weren't considered to be survivors, so they didn't qualify to receive Social Security benefits.
If you have too many embryos implanted, the chances are high of having multiple children with a low birth weight. The mortality and disability associated with low birth weight are prevalent in IVF. In Europe, they limit the number of implantations. Europe is better regulated on all fronts.
Then, we have the prospect of the gene-edited baby. It's not all bad. It means you can edit out terrible diseases. But it does change the human species when you gene edit. And I think the temptation will be once you get rid of bad diseases, you can change height, intelligence, looks, all kinds of things.
14-year-old Jane Finley from Bay Village was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma and has been battling the disease with treatments at the Cleveland Clinic.
They had the opportunity to have a wish granted by Make-A-Wish, a foundation that “grants the wishes of children with life-threatening medical conditions to enrich the human experience with hope, strength and joy.”
Them wish? Go to the Grammys.
Wish = granted!
We had the opportunity to talk to them this morning on The Jeremiah & Jeff Show about their diagnosis and about their once-in-a-lifetime opportunity:
They were on the red carpet and took lots of pictures! Take a look at some from their Twitter:
just a few people along with 50 other people pic.twitter.com/y3DkKmnHSs — Jane Finley (@janemariefinley) February 13, 2017
here's some more for your viewing pleasure pic.twitter.com/dCP2ahgklu — Jane Finley (@janemariefinley) February 13, 2017
Aly is SUPER jealous of THIS one:
For more pictures and videos, visit their Twitter page!
The move is to break the jinx that upstream exploration remains the exclusive playground for international oil companies and prove that Ghanaian companies can play a crucial role in the upstream oil and gas space.
A wholly owned Ghanaian oil and gas company, the Springfield Group, has taken a giant step to explore for oil in the Tano West Cape Three Points basin in the Western Region.
Speaking at a welcome ceremony for the GPS 3D Geostreamer seismic vessel, Ramform Titan, the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of the Springfield Group, Mrs Geena Malkani-Punjabi, said although other oil and gas companies had preceded the group in terms of discovery and production, the entry of a Ghanaian company just a decade after the first discovery was significant.
They said what made the group's entry into the upstream operations unique was that it was the first indigenous Ghanaian company to venture that arena, which until now had been the preserve of foreign major companies and known industry players.
Courage
Springfield, they said, acknowledged the fact that the upstream industry had its own peculiar challenges, “but we are resolved to seek help when we have to from our key partners and collaborators who are no minnows and have been bulwarks in our downstream successes”.
Mrs Malkani-Punjabi said the group had no doubt whatsoever that it would succeed, just as it had in many other areas that were considered challenging for Ghanaian companies.
“We are determined to achieve our goal as a company to also harness the human resource that the nation has in abundance to ensure that the natural resources of the country are significantly tapped to develop the people and the nation at large,” they said.
The partnership & local content
The COO said the move might be the beginning but it certainly would blaze the trail and sow the seeds for Ghana to begin to realise its dream of becoming an active player in the industry through its own national oil company, the Ghana National Petroleum Corporation (GNPC).
“Springfield will be minded by Ghana's Local Content Act and contribute its quota towards building strong capacities both upstream and midstream to ensure true participation by indigenes in all spheres of the industry, but it will not ignore the abundant international expertise that can be deployed to get us to our goal early,” they said.
They expressed the company's gratitude to the government and the sector ministry and the regulators for the confidence reposed in the group, saying it would continue to count on their support, going forward.
Commending the group for the giant step taken, Mr George Mensah Oklay, the Head of Upstream at the Ministry of Energy, said as an indigenous oil and gas company stepping into the world of the industry and taking full exploratory risk like any other international oil company, the journey would not be an easy one for Springfield.
“However, you can count on our support as a ministry and as a partner – we will support you each step on the way because your success is our success and will give full meaning to our quest to improve local content in the industry,” they said.
For their part, the Country Manager of GPS Ghana, Mrs Gertrude Adwoa Ohene-Asienim, said the Ramform Titan was currently the best in the world.
The vessel was launched in 2013 as a new class of seismic ship that was easily the most powerful and efficient in the world.
Mrs Ohene-Asienim said during the period of the seismic, the company could assure other stakeholders in the maritime domain that GPS Ghana would operate and adhere to all environmental safety standards and social norms.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
VANCOUVER, BRITISH COLUMBIA--(Marketwired - Feb. 14, 2017) - Nuri Telecom Company Limited ("Nuri") announces that today its wholly-owned subsidiary, 1101324 B.C. Ltd. (the "Offeror"), through its agent PI Financial Corp., has acquired ownership of an additional 112,000 common shares (the "Common Shares") of Apivio Systems Inc. ("Apivio") through the facilities of the TSX Venture Exchange. The highest price and the average price paid for the Common Shares purchased today was $0.40 per Common Share. The aggregate number of Common Shares acquired by the Offeror since the commencement of the Offer (as defined below) is 696,500 Common Shares. The average price paid for the Common Shares purchased by Offeror since the commencement of the Offer is $0.40 per Common Share. The Offeror now owns 696,500 Common Shares.
The Offeror acquired the Common Shares in furtherance of its offer for ownership and control of Apivio (the "Offer"). The Offeror continues to reserve the right in its Offer to acquire additional Common Shares, up to 5% of the outstanding Common Shares, based on the number of Common Shares outstanding at the time of the commencement of the Offer.
Shareholder Questions
If you have any questions regarding the Offer or require assistance with tendering your Common Shares, please call the Information Agent and Depositary for the Offer, Laurel Hill Advisory Group, toll free in North America at 1-877-452-7184 (+1-416-304-0211 outside North America), or by email at assistance@laurelhill.com.
About Nuri
Nuri is a provider of next generation communication technology for the Internet of Things ("IoT") and the Smart Grid industry. Nuri is a global leader in providing end-to-end advanced metering infrastructure solutions that save consumers money and help utilities to run a network infrastructure that's proven, reliable, future-proof and fully standardized. Nuri's core product offering is a communication solution for smart meters, AiMiR, which provides automatic meter readings of electricity, water, gas and other measurements and delivers gathered data through a variety of networks in real time. AiMiR helps consumers and utility companies manage their resource consumption by providing real time information, accommodating their resource distribution to optimum levels for both short term and long term infrastructure needs.
To date, Nuri has deployed its communication systems to over two million households and businesses in 19 countries worldwide, and that number continues to grow each day through large-scale deployments in commercial, industrial, and residential markets. With a growing list of global customers, Nuri is expanding its customer base throughout Asia, Europe and Africa. Recently, Nuri has won US$79 million Soria projects in Norway and US$12 million ECG projects in Ghana.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.
This news release does not constitute an offer to buy or the solicitation of an offer to sell any of the securities of the Offeror, Nuri or Apivio.
…Insists State Remains Undeniable Destination For Business, Pleasure In Africa
President of France, Mr. Emmanuel Macron on Tuesday night made a historic visit to the Afrika Shrine, home of the late Afrobeat legend, Fela Anikulapo Kuti, describing it as an iconic centre for the propagation of African culture, strength and music.
Macron, who spoke at the New Afrika Shrine in Agidingbi, Ikeja, Lagos, at an event tagged ‘Celebration of African Culture' to inaugurate the African Cultural Season 2020, said they were glad to be back to the Afrika Shrine, adding that they still hold fond memories of the place since their first visit back in 2002.
“I discovered Nigeria and a lot of my friends are here. I discovered Nigeria and I discovered Lagos and I discovered the shrine. This place is an iconic place and it is a place where the best of music is given. I have to say my main memories about this place are friends, proud people, proud of their culture, proud of their art and music. I have a very different view of Africa than a lot of other people in Europe,” they said.
Macron stressed the need for Africa and Europe, especially France to build a new commonality, adding that “this new commonality is not based on what is important for Europeans but what is important for Africa, about their culture, how they build their culture and promote the culture and which places are important for them about their culture. Being here, I do recognize their culture and respect their views. This place is important for Africa and their culture and that is why I am here.”
They also disclosed plans to host the African Cultural Season 2020 in France, which they said, would be about promoting African culture in Europe, adding that the event was going to be for Africa and by African artistes.
“It will include people with fashion, African movies, new generation of artistes will be coming from Africa and it will be organized by them to show Europe and France” the real culture of Africa.
“The event will be financed by African leaders. It will not be sponsored by France or European businesses, but by African businesses, it is brand new. This season is a unique one and it will be the new face of Africa in Europe organize by Africans, providing what you like and what you have here,” they said.
At the official unveiling of Alliance Francaise, a French Cultural Centre in Lagos on Wednesday, Macron said the development was part of the measures to scale up the relationship between France and Nigeria, while also specifically offering the commitment of the government and people of France to development of infrastructural projects in Lagos.
“Thanks very much for being here; thanks very much for making this possible and to Mr Governor, we spoke yesterday and this morning together in the car. Going to shrine together yesterday and going to French Alliance now. It's much more quite, much more calm and reasonable but at the end of the day, I think both of us (Governor Ambode and I) did share the same views that we can do tremendous things together.
“Your State – Lagos, is one of the main challenges of not just Nigeria but the whole of Africa. I mean this huge city, there is tremendous challenge about how to make people living together in peace, in a better place and I want France to be part of this story and I do want my country and my people being part of this experience. It means belonging same values, sharing cultures, languages, literatures, music, movies, building together projects, having common economic projects and so on, and this eco system will be not just possible but stronger staying in this place,” Macron said.
Earlier, Lagos State Governor, Mr. Akinwunmi Ambode while welcoming President Macron to the State, expressed optimism that the historic visit will go a long way to break any barriers between Nigeria and France as well as foster greater collaboration for economic, social and cultural growth.
The Governor said the State Government was delighted to host Macron, a well respected global leader, adding that it would also signal a new era between both countries, especially for Lagos where talents in the arts and creative industry abound.
“On behalf of the government and good people of Lagos State, I welcome Their Excellency, President Emmanuel Macron, President of France, to the commercial and cultural capital of Nigeria and indeed West Africa.
“We are delighted and honoured to be hosting a President of one of the world's Super Powers; a permanent member of the United Nation's Security Council with veto rights, a prominent member of the G8 and the World Trade Organisation and a champion of Global Climate Change.
The Governor said they were particularly delighted that Macron's visit to Lagos began on a cultural and entertainment note, adding that the French Cultural Centre and Alliance Française based in the State had always been an asset to its cultural landscape in the same way that Trace Television had also become an invaluable addition to its music and entertainment sphere.
Governor Ambode said they were very optimistic Macron's visit and activities would boost the State's quest to become the culture and entertainment capital of Africa, just as they said that the State Government would seek to establish collaborations with France and play an integral part of the Year 2020 African Cultural Season in Paris as envisioned by President Macron.
“With the exceptional characteristics of our State as the most populous, vibrant and indeed the fifth richest economy on the African continent, Lagos is the undeniable destination for business and pleasure in Africa. The new Lagos experience is being enhanced daily as we continue to create an enduring infrastructural and security architecture for the business of tourism and cultural arts to thrive. This also creates a platform for our local talents to feel a sense of belonging and encouragement.
“Mr. President, this momentous State Visit shall signal the dawn of a new era between France and Nigeria especially for the myriad of talents that have made Lagos their home,” the Governor said.
They said Macron's emergence as the President of France has inspired many youths in Nigeria, who constitute 60 percent of the country's population, adding that Lagos was providing avenues for youths to explore their creativity and talents.
There were also Art Exhibition, Fashion Show, display of Nollywood scenes, presentation of a painting of Fela to Macron by Governor Ambode as well as pencil frame artwork of Macron done by 11-old old Kareem Olamilekan drawn within two hours.
Highpoints of the night include sterling performances by dance group, Footprints of David, music artistes, Yemi Alade, Charlotte Dipanda from Kenya and a scintillating performance by Femi Kuti to bring the event to a close.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami/AP) — The Miami Marlins' offense has been one of the best in baseball lately.
Marcell Ozuna homered to start the Miami's comeback from an early four-run deficit, and they beat the Oakland Athletics 11-6 Wednesday to complete a two-game sweep.
Ozuna hit their 17th home run to start the second inning, added a double and had three RBIs.
Tyler Moore hit their fifth homer and scored three times to help the Marlins overcome a wobbly outing by Edinson Volquez, who had a no-hitter in their most recent home start.
Ichiro Suzuki had a pinch-hit single in the fifth for their 365th interleague hit, breaking Derek Jeter's major league record.
Ryon Healy hit a three-run homer for the Athletics (27-38), who fell to 11 games below .500 for the first time.
They went 1-5 on their trip and lost their ninth consecutive road series, their longest such streak since 1986.
Oakland lost after leading by three or more runs three times on the trip.
Daniel Gossett (0-1) couldn't hold a 4-0 lead in their major league debut after being called up from Triple-A Nashville, and allowed seven runs, six earned, in 3 1-3 innings.
Volquez lasted only four innings and gave up four hits, four walks and five runs, four earned.
Kyle Barraclough (2-1), the first of six Miami relievers, pitched a scoreless fifth.
PITCHER HITTING
Gossett reached in the fourth on an infield single, their first major league hit and the first by Athletics pitchers in their past 27 at-bats over two seasons. They then scored on Jed Lowrie's double to put Oakland ahead 5-4.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Oakland: RF Matt Joyce left in the third, one inning after they cut their chin colliding with first baseman Yonder Alonso pursuing a popup, which Alonso caught.
Miami: LHP Braxton Garrett, the Marlins' top prospect, will receive a second opinion on their sore left elbow next week from specialist Dr. James Andrews. Garrett has been diagnosed with a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament and could require Tommy John surgery.
ROSTER MOVE
To make room on the roster for Gossett, 1B-OF Matt Olson was optioned to Nashville.
DRAFT PICK
The Marlins took the brother of Chicago Bears (and former Miami Dolphins) tight end Dion Sims in the 14th round of the draft. Demetrius Sims is a shortstop at Bethune-Cookman.
UP NEXT
Miami: The Marlins hit the road after winning for the 10th time in their past 12 home games. They begin a three-game series at Atlanta on Friday, when RHP Dan Straily (4-4, 3.89) will pitch against LHP Sean Newcomb (0-1, 0.00).
Oakland: The's return home for a four-game series against the Yankees beginning Thursday, when RHP Sonny Gray (2-2, 4.37) will face LHP Jordan Montgomery (4-4, 3.55).
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Rep. Brent Crane, R-Nampa, joined advocates against human trafficking and a handful of other lawmakers Jan. 11 at a Statehouse news conference to announce planned legislation. Betsy Z. Russell The Spokesman-Review
London lawyer Sandra Davis on celebrity break-ups, the need for pre-nups and divorce tourism
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
Global Grind
Dancers Tam Rapp and BDash brought the hype this Christmas season at World of Dance New York 2017.
Watch them break it down when their track switches from “Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy” from The Nutcracker to Lil Pump‘s “Gucci Gang.”
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) and head coach Jason Garrett bump fist after throwing passes at the end of NFL football practice at the team's training facility, Tuesday, June 13, 2017, in Frisco, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
FRISCO - Dallas Cowboys coach Jason Garrett likes to make sure their players remain engaged through the monotony of offseason practices.
One way Garrett has found to keep players locked in during the final week of offseason practices for their three-day mandatory mini-camp is to stoke their players' competitive juices with some arcade-style games during team meetings.
Garrett had the Cowboys competing in a Pop-A-Shot basketball game Tuesday to open the three-day mini-camp. On Wednesday, Cowboys players competed in Skeet Ball.
The arcade-style games go hand in hand with the Cowboys' "Compete. Execute. Finish." mantra for the team.
"It's all about just competing and having good fun and camaraderie," Cowboys receiver Cole Beasley said. "We make it fun by doing offense vs. defense. It's all about having trust in your teammates."
Garrett called the Pop-A-Shot basketball game the "Derek Jeter Challenge."
Here's the twist:
"You don't know the game. You pick five guys before you even know what the game is," Beasley said. "They call it the Derek Jeter Challenge because someone said if you were starting a team and it doesn't matter what the game was and you don't know what you're playing, who do you pick. You want those type of guys on your team, who you know are going to come through for you and bust their butt to compete no matter what the challenge is for their teammates. That's kind of the thing behind it."
Perhaps not surprising to some Cowboys fans, the offense destroyed the defense in Pop-A-Shot basketball Tuesday. They won the game, 433-151.
"We didn't even have to go to our last two people," Beasley said. "We crushed them."
Beasley said the offense also beat the defense in Skeet Ball on Wednesday, although the score was much closer than Tuesday's rout.
Garrett is documenting the results of each game for all the players to see each day.
The Cowboys also turned to some non-football games last year during the offseason, Beasley said. The Cowboys competed in a Steph Curry Challenge where players had to dribble with two balls simultaneously. Beasley said they competed in that against former Cowboys cornerback Morris Claiborne.
Did Beasley win?
"Oh yeah," they said.
Beasley and Cowboys safety Jeff Heath said that sometimes the game chose by Garrett doesn't even involve a ball. Beasley said it might be stacking cups or some other type of competition.
"It's random," Heath added. "It's always competition with like some strategy games or some shooting games. It's just a way to promote competition, whether it's on the field or whether we're in here shooting baskets. That brings out the best in everybody."
Beasley said the Cowboys have to pick a different five players every time.
Beasley's strategy to picking a quality five?
"You try to mix it well," Beasley said. "If I'm picking, it's guys who have some kind of good hand-eye coordination, but you have to mix a lineman in there, a strong guy, just in case it's something that you need a little strength."
FILE -- In this June 27, 2018 file photo supporters of Zimbabwean President Emmerson Mnangagwa, portrait on placard, attend an elections rally in Hwange, Zimbabwe, which Mnangagwa did not attend citing security concerns. Mnangagwa, came to power when former President Robert Mugabe resigned after being in power for decades, but now Mnangagwe faces elections on July 30 2018. Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi, File AP Photo
By Omeiza Ajayi
ABUJA – Hours after members of the defunct new Peoples Democratic Party nPDP announced its factional reformed All Progressives Congress APC, national chairperson of the APC, Comrade Dams Oshiomhole has promised to run an all inclusive administration, saying everyone is important to the success of the party.
According to a late Wednesday statement from the Media Office of the party in Abuja, Oshiomhole spoke when they received the report of a high-level Appeal Committee set up to receive complaints and petitions arising from the recent National Convention of the party.
“We will do everything possible to be different from the way the NWC has operated in the past. I am aware having been a former governor and member of National Executive Committee NEC that there has been a tradition in the past that committees are set up, work is done, reports are submitted and action is not taken. We will act on every report submitted to us, we will not sit on the fence, we will side with the truth and we will ensure that justice prevails.
“My appeal to those aggrieved is the assurance that under my leadership, we will make our obvious mistakes but once our attention is drawn we will find courage to make up for our mistakes”, they said.
“I am very appreciative of the fact that we were all elected and in the case of some of us, we were even unopposed. That is a huge responsibility that our members have entrusted us, that we can pilot the affairs of the Party at this time. We knew there were challenges when we contested for the various offices to which we have now been elected. So we can't claim we didn't know.
“For us it is a huge opportunity to make a difference not only for our Party but to the Country. We will do everything possible to sustain confidence, to sustain trust. For us, everybody is important, everybody matters. We want to run an inclusive Party. But as I said in my acceptance speech, there are no losers. If we run the party efficiently and democratically, those who lost will find that their interests, whatever service they wanted to render are being rendered efficiently and democratically.
“As the saying goes, if God gives you power, may they not deny you wisdom, I pray for wisdom, I pray for courage and I believe we have it and we will deploy it to make peace within the APC family.”
Chairman of the Appeal Committee and former Senate President, Ken Nnamani disclosed that 24 petitions were received by the Committee.
They said; “We treated each case very seriously. It wasn't our purpose to add kerosene to already raging fire. We made what we consider to be useful suggestions to the new National Working Committee that will give our members a feeling of justice.
“Justice does not mean you must win your case, it means that you will get a level playing field, that you are given the opportunity to make your case. The appellants had tremendous opportunity of presenting their cases, and they did.”
Note: the quotes in this article are fictional.
1. Kyle Busch — Busch out-dueled Kyle Larson for the win at Chicagoland, posting their fifth win this season and 48th of their career.
"That was a wild final lap," Busch said. "And the fans had the audacity to boo me, so I 'shhhh'ed' them. 'Boo' plus 'shhh' equals 'Busch', basically."
2. Martin Truex, Jr. — Truex took fourth in the Overton's 400 at Chicagoland, recording their 11th top-five of the season.
"Contrary to last week at Sonoma," Truex said, "the race at Chicagoland as decided on the track, and not in the pits. Kyle Busch won by spinning Kyle Larson; I won at Sonoma by tricking Kevin Harvick. I think it's clear that NASCAR fans prefer the 'take out' to the 'fake out.'"
3. Kevin Harvick — Harvick led 39 laps and finished third at Chicagoland.
"I could have snuck in for the win if Kyle Busch and Kyle Larson had wrecked each other," Harvick said. "Had they done so, I would have been there to pick up the pieces, and inevitably, NASCAR would have called a debris caution."
4. Joey Logano — Logano finished eighth at Chicagoland for their 13th top-10 result of the season.
"Some people are calling Sunday's race the best one of the year," Logano said. "And some are calling the final lap the 'Lap of the Century.' That means Kyle Busch was part of the 'Lap of the Century' with Kyle Larson, and Kurt Busch was a part of the 'Slap of the Century' with Jimmy Spencer."
5. Clint Bowyer — Bowyer finished fifth at Chicagoland, scoring their sixth top-five finish of the year.
"We had some pit road penalties that really cost us," Bowyer said. "I got caught speeding on pit road, then got caught speeding while serving the penalty, and next, I ran right through a stop-and-go penalty. And finally, I drove our chances of winning straight into the ground."
6. Kyle Larson — Larson charged to the front late and battled Kyle Busch in a memorable last lap at Chicagoland. After much contact, Busch gave Larson a final bump, spinning Larson and propelling Busch to the win.
"The No. 18 car got the best of me today," Larson said. "Busch put the nose of the Skittles car on my back bumper and said 'Taste the Rainbow.' In the business, I think that's called getting 'candy-assed.'"
7. Brad Keselowski — Keselowski finished ninth in the Overton's 400.
"That was a heck of a battle between Kyle Busch and Kyle Larson for the win," Keselowski said. "First, Larson put Busch into the wall, then Busch returned the favor. When one Kyle does that to another Kyle, it's called an 'I for an I.'"
8. Denny Hamlin — Hamlin finished seventh at Chicagoland and is now eighth in the Monster Energy Cup points standings.
"That was Kyle's 48th career Cup win," Hamlin said. "That puts them one behind Tony Stewart. Kyle really wants to get ahead of Tony. Mostly so they can say, 'Look! Tony Stewart's behind!'"
9. Ryan Blaney — Blaney came home 18th at Chicagoland and is now tenth in the points standings, 241 out of first.
"What a treat for fans of NASCAR," Blaney said. "Dale Earnhardt, Jr. in the booth, and a thrilling finish on the track. Now, the term 'slide job' is a new part of NASCAR vernacular. Note to the people of Junior Nation: 'vernacular' is not an STD, and for a 'slide job' to take place, no money needs to change hands."
10. Kurt Busch — Busch finished 17th at Chicagoland as younger brother Kyle took the win in dramatic fashion.
"I expressed frustration with Kevin Harvick racing me so hard on the final lap of Stage 2," Busch said. "When I confronted Harvick about it, they referenced my brother Kyle's mocking of booing fans with a 'crying' gesture and replied, 'What they said.' So, in the end, I guess Harvick 'had a point,' for winning the stage."
Trump signs bill providing experimental treatment for terminally ill
Washington, May 30 (EFE).- President Donald Trump on Wednesday signed the so-called “Right to Try” law, a controversial piece of legislation legalizing experimental treatments for terminally ill patients for whom regular treatment has proven ineffective.
“To me, this is … a very important day. Been looking forward to this for a long time … I said, … tell me, which is the better bill for the people? Not for the insurance company, not for the pharmaceutical companies. I don't care about them,” said
Trump at the White House moments before signing the bill.
“We're going to be saving tremendous numbers of lives,” said the president, who criticized the current regulations that lengthen the time for getting medications approved, which sometimes takes many years.
“And for countless patients, time, it's not what they have,” Trump said.
The president welcomed and acknowledged several terminally ill patients at the ceremony, who were on hand along with Vice President Mike Pence and Health Secretary Alex Azar.
Starting now, the Food and Drug Administration will not have the right to supervise the experimental treatments as they have to date and will only be informed once they are scheduled.
In addition, the bill – which the House of Representatives approved last week 250-169 after the Senate did so last August – authorizes patients to try these meds before they go on the market and it will be the drug firms who will decide whether or not to approve the experimental treatments.
The measure has sparked controversy among groups defending terminally ill patients, who have claimed that the law will have little impact on access to such treatments but could have a negative effect on the public's view of the FDA.
“We don't think that this law increases in a safe and genuine way access to therapies that are being researched outside of clinical trials.
Unfortunately, it's particularly worrying,” Christina Jensen, with the National Organization for Rare Disorders, told EFE.
“We'll do everything we can to protect our patients from ineffective therapies,” they added.
Forty states have passed similar legislation in recent years with the same objective and for decades measures have been implemented to give dying patients access to medications outside the normal clinical trials, known as an “expanded access” or “compassionate use” program.
This law has been one of Trump's legislative priorities, and one of Pence's, but experts have said that although it will be a mark in Trump's favor in the eyes of the public, in reality very little will change for terminally ill patients and opponents have said that it will give false hope to many who can already obtain the medications via an FDA-controlled process.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman from Derby has been arrested in connection with a fire at Nottingham train station .
The 33-year-old, who is currently in police custody, was arrested by officers this morning.
The fire, which closed the station on Friday, January 12, is being treated as arson by the British Transport Police.
A statement released by BTP said: “Enquiries are ongoing and officers are continuing to appeal for information.
“We would particularly like to speak to anyone who was at Nottingham Railway Station between 5am and 6.30am on Friday, January 12, who may have seen something or somebody which caught their attention.
“It may have seemed insignificant at the time but it could prove vital to the investigation.”
Enquiries are ongoing and officers are continuing to appeal for information.
Detective Inspector Granville Sellers, who is leading the investigation into the train station fire, said they are still appealing for anyone who was at the station on the morning of the fire to come forward.
They said: "We have had a lot of witnesses come forward but we want to focus on 5am to 6.30am. I am certain there are people who have not come forward.
"We have identified a lot of people from CCTV that we have spoken to but we know there are others. I want the drill down on that time. Did anyone see anything unusual or unusual behaviour or items or objects? I am appealing for witnesses that have not come forward. We know there was people around the concourse area that we need to speak to."
They said officers are particularly keen to speak to people who were around the toilets, the concourse area, and around the tram stop in the station that morning.
Anyone with any information about the incident is urged to call BTP on 0800 405 040 and quote reference number 85 of January 12.
A benefits cheat from Derby told inspectors they “could not walk 50m without the help of their parents” but was secretly working.
Khalid Fazal, of Normanton , told the Department of Work and Pensions they suffered pain “so severe they could not get out the house” and claimed almost £4,000 of benefits.
Southern Derbyshire Magistrates' Court was told how they claimed Employment Support Allowance from February 23, 2015 to January 6, 2017.
But, on the very day their first payment came through, they began working for an employment agency called Giant Professional Ltd.
Peter Bettany, prosecuting , said: “He was investigated and was interviewed under caution and they were asked by DWP inspectors if they had the capacity to work and they claimed they could not walk more than 50m without the assistance of their parents.
“He said the pain they were suffering was so severe they could not get out of the house.
“He also said they failed to attend a medical examination because they were in too much pain.
“But they later agreed that this was a false statement and that they had been working all of the time they had been claiming benefits.
“He admitted they should not have done what they had done and they showed remorse for their actions.”
Mr Bettany said the total overpayment for Employment Support Allowance was £3,878.85 and Fazal, of Norfolk Street, was already paying it back in compensation.
(Image: Martin Naylor)
The 51-year-old pleaded guilty to one count of fraud when they appeared at court to represent himself.
District Judge Jonathan Taaffe asked him: “What would you like to say to me about this?”
Fazal replied: “It was totally wrong.”
Judge Taafe said: “Do you understand how serious an offence it is to deliberately claim benefits to which you are not entitled?
“By doing it, you were diverting funds from the public purse to purchase for yourself food, clothes, a mobile phone and the like.”
Fazal replied: “I'm quite ashamed at what I have done.”
Judge Taaffe said: “You are right to be ashamed, it is an offence this court views extremely seriously.
“There is not an unlimited pot in public funds to pay people who are not entitled to be paid.”
Judge Taaffe handed Fazal a 12-month community order and ordered them to carry put 100 hours of unpaid work.
They also ordered them to pay £105 prosecution costs and an £85 victim surcharge. All of the money must be paid in full by Fazal in the next 28 days.
MINNEAPOLIS — Ray Lewis and Brian Urlacher terrorized opposing offenses from the middle of the field. Randy Moss and Terrell Owens did the same to defenses on the outside.
The two hard-hitting linebackers and two big-play receivers highlighted an eight-person class voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday. Safety Brian Dawkins also received at least 80 percent support from the 47 Hall of Fame voters, along with contributor Bobby Beathard and senior nominees Jerry Kramer and Robert Brazile.
But the biggest stars of the class are the two linebackers that made it on their first tries, and the pair of lightning-rod receiver who sometimes caused as many problems for their own teams as for the opposition. Moss also made it on their first try, while Owens needed to wait for their third year on the ballot to get enough support.
Moss and Owens each played for five teams in their careers as they often wore out their welcome with their inability to get along with teammates and coaches at times.
But at their best, there were few players ever able to strike fear in defenses as much as Moss and Owens, who were both all-decade selections for the 2000s.
Moss led the NFL in TD catches five times, including their record 23 for New England in 2007, and earned four All-Pro selections. They finished their career with 982 catches for 15,292 yards and ranks second all-time with 156 TD receptions.
Owens, who didn't attend the announcement, entered the league as a third-round pick by San Francisco in 1996 but developed into a star known for some memorable playoff appearances, including their winning 25-yard TD catch to beat Green Bay in 1999; their 177 yards in a comeback win against the Giants in 2003; and their nine catches for 122 yards in the 2004 Super Bowl against New England just seven weeks after breaking their leg.
Owens ranks second to Jerry Rice with 15,934 yards receiving and is third on the all-time touchdowns receiving list with 153.
Lewis is widely considered one of the greatest middle linebackers, winning two AP Defensive Player of the Year awards and earning eight All-Pro selections.
Lewis' career was also marked by legal problems off the field. They pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor charge of obstruction of justice after initially being charged with murder in connection with two killings following a Super Bowl party in Atlanta in January 2000. Lewis was also fined $250,000 by the NFL.
Dawkins spent most of their 16-year career in Philadelphia, earning five first-team All-Pro selections. They became the first player in NFL history with a sack, interception, fumble recovery and touchdown catch in the same game against Houston in 2002.
Five offensive linemen were among the 15 finalists, with tackle Joe Jacoby getting eliminated in voting that reduced the candidates to 10, and tackle Tony Boselli, guards Alan Faneca and Steve Hutchinson, and former Jets center Kevin Mawae getting cut in the next round of voting.
/ Front page / News
THE sister of the woman who was allegedly raped by a radio announcer yesterday told the High Court in Suva that their sister's back was covered with love bites.
The 30-year-old man, who is charged with one count of rape, is standing trial before Justice Vinsent Perera for the alleged offence which took place on July 3, 2014.
In their evidence, the prosecution witness said they were getting ready for work when their sister called them and told them that their neighbour who was their trusted friend had raped them
The 21-year-old witness said that their sister looked terrified and could not even look at them in the eye when they relayed the story to them
They said their sister told them that the accused dragged their hand, forced them into their room and that they lost consciousness as their head hit the accused's bed.
They claimed their sister said their clothes were removed by the accused when they were unconscious.
The father of the complainant, who is a senior investigator, also took the witness stand during the trial and said that they noticed their daughter's body language was a bit different few days after the alleged incident took place.
They said they were later informed by their ex-wife of the alleged incident.
You may not have control over how productive and focused your client's meetings are, but what about the team meetings and supplier meetings you hold weekly or daily to get your day-to-day job done? Do you prepare for them, define desired outcomes, and prioritize?
One of the most important things you can do to ensure a effective team meeting that will keep your people on track and working well together is to create a strong agenda. Read this guide to building meeting agendas that are relevant and goal oriented.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — An appeals court says Los Angeles police violated the rights of a man arrested inside Sandra Bullock's home when they obtained their consent to search their home and recovered illegal automatic firearms.
The 2nd District Court of Appeal ruled Tuesday that police detectives violated Joshua James Corbett's rights to remain silent during a police interrogation, and their right against an unlawful search of their home. Corbett was arrested in June 2014 inside Bullock's home, and they have been charged with felony stalking.
Corbett was unarmed at the Oscar winner's home, but police later found several automatic weapons and illegal tracer ammunition in their home.
A Los Angeles Superior Court judge threw out evidence supporting the weapons charges last year after determining Corbett didn't give officers permission to search their home.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The beautiful curved 1930s-style windows are ideal for watching the world go by and the wood interior gives the place a rustic feel, making Jack Rabbits an unusual mixture of modern English tearoom and continental-style café.
The formula seems to work. Sitting opposite the cathedral, the Queen Street eaterie got a £10,000 revamp when it changed hands back in summer 2015 and since then has always seemed busy.
The Friday lunchtime we chose to go, your spies managed to bag the last free table.
Due to the number of people in the café, the atmosphere was lively with chatter but not loud enough to make conversation difficult. And though it was busy, visitors were not at all cramped as the tables are well spaced.
The menu was already on the table offering both brunch and lunch dishes, including a decent selection of vegetarian options.
Customers order their food by going up to the counter - one way in which Jack Rabbits differs from a classic European café.
It also offers quintessentially British treats such as porridge, bacon and sausage rolls and beer battered fish.
Your spy ordered smoked salmon and scrambled eggs, which came on toast, from the brunch menu, alongside a pot of Earl Grey tea.
Their companion ordered the halloumi and harissa roasted peppers and a glass of orange juice.
Our orders did not take long to arrive considering how busy the café was. In fact, it arrived shortly after the drinks, which is fine with your spy.
The tea may have looked a bit anaemic but your spy should have left it to brew in the pot a little longer. The pot was a decent size so your spy got several top ups.
As far as the food was concerned, the scrambled eggs were lukewarm by the time they came to the table and had gone cold by the time the meal had been finished though we did eat at a leisurely pace.
The smoked salmon was nice though and didn't overpower the other flavours. Although it may not look like a big portion, the size was more than enough for your spy, it did leave just enough room for dessert.
The halloumi and harissa roasted peppers was a more impressive dish. The halloumi had been fried and was lightly browned and nicely salty, the peppers were sweet and tangy.
Harissa is an aromatic spicy paste, in case you were wondering.
It felt like a lot of work had gone into this dish. It also featured sweet pomegranate seeds that added moisture to the freekeh, that provided a base. Freekeh is a middle-eastern cereal food made from wheat, in case you were wondering.
There were also crunchy pistachios buried deep inside and cool coriander leaves around the edge of the bowl it was served in. Your Spy has never seen this on a menu before and it shows the kitchen at Jack Rabbits has a bit of imagination.
The café does not have a dessert menu per se but rather a selection of cakes next to the counter displayed alluringly in a glass display cabinet.
Some of these are gluten free, which is indicated on the cards next to the cake. When ordered, they were immediately taken out of the cabinet and served to us. Your spy opted for a chocolate brownie, and their company chose carrot cake.
How much was our lunch? Smoked salmon and scrambled eggs £8.50 Halloumi and harissa roasted peppers £8.50 Pot of Earl Grey £2.10 Orange juice £2.75 Chocolate brownie £2.50 Carrot cake £2.50 Espresso £1.60 Total £28.45
The chocolate brownie was a little too rich for Your Spy and a little dry. The carrot cake proved a better bet though, being sweet, moist and delicious.
Overall, your spy was pleased with the service of the café, as it was swift and friendly.
The atmosphere was lively without being noisy and its position means it's a great place to watch the world go by and still probably the closest that Derby gets to European café culture.
So, even though we may not get the weather, we can still get a bacon and sausage roll and watch the world go by.
Jack Rabbits is open Monday – Saturday from 8.30am to 5pm, and 10am to 4pm on a Sunday. The café can be contacted on 01332 206 322.
*The Derby Telegraph makes undercover visits to restaurants, takeaways and cafés with a view to providing a fair, balanced and accurate report on customer service and the food on offer. Our hope is that, for the sake of both the business owner and the customer, we can report positively about the places we visit. However if our experience is not 100 per cent positive then we are duty-bound to report on exactly what we find.
The Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) said it has received a petition for the recall of Mr. Abubakar Kuki, a member representing Bebeji Constituency, in the Kano State House of Assembly, from their constituency.
In a statement issued on Monday in Abuja, Prince Adedeji Soyebi, INEC National Commissioner and Chairman Information and Voter Education Committee (IVEC), disclosed that the petition was received on Aug. 11.
They said in accordance with the INEC guidelines for recall, the commission had formally acknowledged the receipt of the petition to the petitioners' representatives.
Soyebi added that it has also written to inform the affected member, Kuki, of the presentation of the petition.
“A timetable and schedule of activities pursuant to the petition will be issued shortly,'' it added.
It would be recalled that INEC also on June 24, received a petition to recall Sen. Dino Melaye, representing Kogi West, in the Senate.
The commission in line with it guidelines issued the timetable for the recall but was latter suspended on July 13, in compliance with a court order issued on July 6, pending the outcome of the court.
By Kayla Jardine/Joe Cingrana
This Philadelphia Eagles fan was flying high after they got all of their wisdom teeth pulled — but right after waking up, they panicked that they already missed the big game!
While Philly fan Haley Parks was still feeling the effects of anesthesia post-surgery, they gave some serious reasons why the birds deserve the win at this year's Super Bowl.
Coming out of the anesthesia, Haley thought they were under for only a few minutes and gets visibly shaken when told it took about a half hour to remove their teeth. That's when they ask if they missed the Super Bowl.
“I want the Eagles to win so bad,” they say emotionally in the clip. After being told they will play on Sunday, Hayley wonders if they can go to the game.
Though the 21-year-old can't remember much of what they said, they couldn't stop talking about their favorite team, specifically one of their players, Jalen Mills. And after Haley sent the video to Jalen they took the time to respond with a heart emoji.
With a devoted fan like her, the Eagles just might win their first-ever super bowl!
Editor's note: Morning Scan will not publish on Monday, Oct. 9 in observance of Columbus Day. We'll be back on Tuesday, Oct. 10.
Receiving Wide Coverage ... The end of payday lending? The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau released its long-awaited rule regulating payday lenders. The rule requires lenders to evaluate whether borrowers can repay their loans while making it harder for customers to roll them over, which many of them typically do.
Welcome to today's Aston Villa live blog! We will have all of the fallout from the defeat to Cardiff City as well as the latest transfer news.
Steve Bruce is expected to dip into the market before the window closes, while a number of Villa's out of favour stars are looking to secure moves away from Villa Park.
Ross McCormack, Gary Gardner and Tommy Elphick are all expected to leave before the transfer window closes on August 31 and are attracting interest from some of Villa's Championship rivals.
Leandro Bacuna's departure to Reading was confirmed yesterday and the midfielder could even line up against Villa for Reading on Tuesday evening after signing a four-year deal with the Royals.
Stay tuned for all the latest AVFC news...
Priyanka Chopra's mother, Madhu Chopra today responded to the notice for illegal construction that was issued to the actor by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), saying they are cooperating with the officials, the spokesperson said. Them statement comes a day after the BMC pulled up the Quantico actor for allegedly carrying out illegal constructions at their spa and salon in suburban Oshiwara.
Also Read: Ranbir Kapoor Reveals That He's Addicted To Something Which Is WORSE Than Drugs!
"We have received the notice from the BMC. We are coordinating with the officials and have already taken the required appropriate measures," a spokesperson for Chopra said in a statement.
Yesterday, a civic official said the BMC had received complaints of alleged irregularities in construction of Charishma Beauty Spa and Salon, owned by the actor. If Chopra fails to comply with the notice, the BMC will demolish the illegal alterations, they said.
TOI had quoted a senior official from the BMC by saying, "We earlier wrote them asking to regularize the unauthorized changed after paying the penalty and removed other illegal changes which cannot be approved. But they didn't bother to pay any attention after which we sent them notice under the Maharashtra Regional Town Planning Act (MRTP). If they fail to reply on this, we will demolish the illegal construction at both the premises."
(PTI News)
After one too many pricey bills for specialized repairs, Atascadero winemaker Fintan "Fin" du Fresne decided to open a new business aimed at helping Central Coast wineries with local repairs and maintenance.
Du Fresne, winemaker and general manager at Chamisal Vineyards and Malene Wines in San Luis Obispo, launched Winery Mechanical Systems on May 25. The Atascadero-based company is the Central Coast's first provider of comprehensive, winery-specific repair and maintenance solutions, they said.
"Working with contractors who don't understand the ins and outs of wineries is costly and unproductive,” du Fresne said. “And when it comes to repairing specialized equipment, you often have to hire a technician to come down from Napa, and you pay extra for their travel time."
For example, they recently paid $2,068 for a vendor to travel from Sonoma to replace a seal on a pump — and that amount didn't include the actual cost of repairs.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"There are 893 bonded wineries on the Central Coast and a bare handful of dedicated maintenance service providers," they said.
"I just see a real need for a service like this. I have personally lived through the challenge of keeping a winery running smoothly and cost effectively. I believe that Winery Mechanical Systems can be a game changer for Central Coast wineries."
According to du Fresne, wineries face unique repair and maintenance challenges because of specialized equipment and complex technical systems. The new business is set up to help with nearly all winemaking equipment, they said, including crushers, de-stemmers, presses, pumps, filters and refrigeration equipment, as well as plumbing and electrical systems.
The company includes two staff members, as well as select sub-contractor partners. Daniel Krichevsky, Winery Mechanical Systems managing technician, trained with Scotts Labs in Sonoma and has more than a decade of winemaking and winery facilities maintenance experience on the Central Coast, according to a news release.
The business is also the first local company to act as a vendor-trained service agent for leading winery equipment manufacturers such as Armbruster and Willmes, according to the release.
Du Fresne will stay with Chamisal Vineyards and Malene Wines as winemaker and general manager while running Winery Mechanical Systems.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Anthony Joshua will continue their quest to be crowned the undisputed world heavyweight champion when they face New Zealander Joseph Parker in Cardiff on March 31.
Joshua, who holds the WBA and IBF versions of the title, will add Parker's WBO belt if they triumph at the Principality Stadium, leaving only American WBC champion Deontay Wilder on their title hit-list.
The announcement brings an end to months of fractious negotiations with Parker, who defended their crown with a point win over Hughie Fury in Manchester in September and was holding out for a bigger percentage of the purse.
It will be Joshua's first fight since a gruelling late stoppage win over late replacement Carlos Takam at the same venue in October and a win will move them closer to their goal of being the first heavyweight to hold all four major belts simultaneously.
(Image: PA)
Joshua said: "I would like to announce the official news that myself and Joseph Parker will be fighting on March 31 at Principality Stadium in Cardiff.
"It is a unification heavyweight championship fight. We all know what happened last time I was in a unification heavyweight championship fight - it was gruelling, it was interesting and we both left the ring with masses of respect.
"These fights aren't easy because there is a lot on the line, so respect to team Parker for taking the challenge. I am looking forward to it, training camp is under way and before you know it March 31 will be upon us."
Parker, who has won 18 of their 24 professional bouts inside the distance, is the natural next step for Joshua despite their underwhelming performance against the back-pedalling Fury, when they escaped with a majority decision.
(Image: PA)
The 26-year-old claimed the WBO crown by beating Andy Ruiz Jr in Auckland in December 2016 and made a low-key defence against Razvan Cojanu before venturing out of the southern hemisphere for only the fourth time to face Fury.
It was this relatively low-key career - in stark contrast to Joshua's stadium-filling antics against the likes of Wladimir Klitschko - which prompted the disparity in expectations between the two negotiating parties.
The problem for Joshua's camp was the lack of obvious alternatives in a relatively low-key division, with a deal with Wilder still some distance away and former champion Tyson Fury still yet to return.
Parker clearly believes Joshua may be underestimating him, insisting: "Anthony Joshua is in for a huge shock. A couple of months ago I heard them say 'why should I be worried about this little kid from New Zealand'?
"Well, now he's about to find out. And the world is about to find out whether AJ can really take a punch. My entire existence is now devoted to proving what the boxing world already knows."
What are the odds?
Anthony Joshua 1/7
Joseph Parker 13/2
Draw 20/1
When is it?
March 31, 2018.
Read More Forthcoming boxing matches Groves-Smith
Haye-Bellew
Joshua-Parker
Golovkin-Canelo
Where is it?
Cardiff's Principality Stadium, where Joshua successfully defended their titles against Carlos Takam - will host the bout.
NEWARK, N.J. (AP) — Police in New Jersey had to coax a German Shepherd to leave behind a dead pit bull after they were spotted lying next to it on the side of a busy interstate.
New Jersey state police said that troopers responded Thursday morning to a report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark.
The troopers say the pit bull was dead when they arrived. They say the German shepherd didn't want to leave its side, but they were able to coax it into a trooper's car.
Authorities say neither dog was wearing a collar or any identification.
“They gave their water and maybe, just maybe, played a quick game of fetch,” police wrote in their Facebook post.
The German shepherd was given to a dog rescue.
It wasn't clear how the dog died. The case remains under investigation.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The FGCU Baseball team had an incredible week, back to back wins over the second-ranked Florida Gators, followed by back to back wins vs Ohio State, including Friday night's thrilling come from behind victory where the Eagles put up 6 runs in the bottom of the 9th.
On Sunday it was a different story, the Buckeyes jumped on the Eagles early, hanging 3 runs in the first inning.
It was an uphill climb for the Eagles from there, and despite another miraculous 9th inning performance of 3 runs, the Eagles came up one run short losing to Ohio State 5-4, ending their 10 game winning streak.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
If you didn't know Green Bay Packers wideout Davante Adams can get up, you do now.
With the Packers trailing by four against the Detroit Lions in the third quarter Sunday night, Aaron Rodgers found the 24-year-old wideout on first-and-goal for a touchdown. It was Adams' 11th score of the season, and they wanted to do something a little special to celebrate.
So the third-year receiver raced toward the goalpost and pulled off a 360 dunk with virtual ease.
The dunk didn't garner many cheers from the Detroit crowd, but it did earn Adams a 15-yard unsportsmanlike penalty.
But how could you not show off a little when you can do things like this?
Coal Secretary visits MCL in Odisha tomorrow
Bhubaneswar: Mr Susheel Kumar, Secretary to the Government of India, Ministry of Coal, will be on their maiden visit to Odisha tomorrow (February 16, 2017).
The Secretary will visit Talcher Coalfields -- the largest dry fuel reserve in the country – tomorrow and take stock of situation at mine project level, besides reviewing the performance of Mahanadi Coalfields Limited (MCL), the largest coal producing company of the country.
Mr Kumar, a member of 1982 batch of Indian Administrative Service (IAS), is also scheduled to meet the Chief Secretary of Odisha at Bhubaneswar during their visit.
A post-graduate in Physics from Delhi University and MBA from University of Birmingham, U.K., Mr Kumar is credited with introducing new ideas in the field of pollution control abatement e.g. Air Quality Index (AQI),on-line real time water quality stations and on-line real time continuous emission and effluent monitoring situations, when they were the Chairman of Central Pollution Control Board.
Mr Kumar, who had led the Indian delegation to the meetings organised under the aegis of inter-governmental panel on climate change (IPCC), was the chief negotiator of India during the Multilateral Climate Change Negotiations under United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).
AutomationDirect's ProSense line of sensing products now includes the EPS series of digital pressure sensors ideal for industrial pressure measurement and indication in both gas and liquid applications.
EPS-series sensors are available with measuring ranges from vacuum up to 5800 psig. Selectable engineering units such as bar, mbar, kPa, MPa, inches of water column, and inches of mercury can be shown on the digital display. The compact and robust design and construction of the ProSense EPS series withstands extreme shock and vibration, provides high accuracy and reliability, and incorporates the best combination of overpressure, burst pressure and long term stability for each measuring range.
Encased in a stainless steel housing, the EPS-series sensors have a high IP67 ingress protection rating, and achieve their atmospheric pressure reference at the 4-pin M12 electrical connection. The standard 1/4” NPT male process connection allows for direct installation without requiring extra fittings. With no moving parts such as pistons or springs that can stick or break, two solid state switch outputs provide a reliable alternative to mechanical pressure switches; on certain models, the second output can be configured as a scalable analog signal turning the unit into a combination pressure switch and transmitter. The built-in two-color digital display is easy to read from a distance and provides indication of measured pressure and switch setpoints. The display can be set to change color between red and green based on measured value or output status and rotated 180° for inverted installations; two large bright LEDs indicate output status. For optimum visibility, the sensor housing can also be rotated 345° after installation. Simple pushbutton setup allows easy and quick configuration prior to installation without the need for a separate pressure reference gauge.
By Chioma Obinna
To increase the rate of exclusive breastfeeding in Lagos, the private sector as well as Traditional Birth Attendants, TBAs, have been urged to encourage pregnant and lactating mothers that seek health care services in their facilities to embrace the culture of breastfeeding.
This was the focus of a one-day sensitisation workshop organised by Alive & Thrive (A & T) a non-governmental organisation, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and managed by FHI 360 with a view to saving lives, prevent illness and ensure healthy growth and development in infants through improved breastfeeding and complementary feeding practices in partnership with Lagos State government to mark the 2017 World Breastfeeding Week.
In their views, the Director, Family Health & Nutrition, Lagos State Ministry of Health, Mrs. Folashade Folashayo Oludara, who was represented by Dr. Eniosho Masidat,said both groups have key role to play in breastfeeding.
Oludara said when all the sectors come together to work as a team and pass the message of exclusive breastfeeding to one another, it would help increase the breastfeeding rate in the state.
Representative of Project Director, Mr Victor Ogbodo, Dr. Uche Ralph-Opara, noted: “It is very important that we gathered you particularly the private sector, and traditional birth attendants.
“Typically we will get people mostly from the public sector, but we decided to change our focus this year and talk with the private sector because whether we like it or not, the majority of the pregnant women and lactating mothers come to seek care from you.
“So we would like you to walk out of here as breastfeeding champions at the end of the day; spreading the word. Encourage women to breastfeed even when they struggle and they come back to you, encourage them to keep breastfeeding and not to look for the alternative,” Ralph-Opara advised.
The Managing Director/CEO, Child Health Advocacy Initiative, (CHAI), Mrs. Lola Alonge, noted that breastfeeding statistics from Lagos and Nigeria at large was still very low.
“We can sustain breastfeeding together starting from the family, community, health workers and employers.
“Looking at issues like water with exclusive breastfeeding especially in the first 30 minutes after birth which is an issue with private practitioners and TBAs, and of course other issues like breastfeeding in public places, we need your support.”
In the view of Family Health & Nutrition, FH&N, Mrs. Taiwo Fadairo: “From studies, it has shown that a baby can feed well and the baby will be sustained only on breast milk for the first six months even with multiple births. It is very possible.
“There are a lot of issues with breastfeeding to the extent that some mothers say no; this baby doesn't like breast milk. There is no child that does not like breast milk because it is nature's own best meal for that child. So it is the way and manner, our practices, our action, how we carry those babies, positioning and attachment and all others that shows how some children enjoy breastfeeding and the other children refuse breastfeeding,” Fadairo said.
IMAGE: CNS photo/Erik De Castro, Reuters
By Tony C. Diaz
HAGATNA, Guam (CNS) — The Catholic Church on Guam is urging its members and all people on the island to be prayerful and stay centered in Christ amid threats of missile attacks by North Korea.
Coadjutor Archbishop Michael J. Byrnes of Agana asked all priests to promote prayers of peace at all Masses Aug. 13 as tensions continue, following threats by North Korea dictator Kim Jong-un to attack this American territory in the Marianas Islands.
“In your Masses this Sunday, especially in the prayer of the faithful, please offer prayers for peace between our nations, just resolution of differences, and prudence in both speech and action,” Archbishop Byrnes said in a message to all priests of the Archdiocese of Agana Aug. 11.
“Please also offer prayers for the men and women of our military, especially those whom we host on Guam, that they might find grace for diligence and courage as they execute their respective duties,” they said.
Guam has long had a high strategic military importance to the United States because of its location in the Marianas Islands and has been home to several U.S. military bases for many decades. B-52 bombers were regularly deployed from Andersen Air Force Base in Guam during the Vietnam War in the 1960s and '70s.
Residents of this predominantly Catholic island community first woke up to the alarming news of North Korea threats to Guam Aug. 9. The archdiocese issued a message to all Catholics and the community in general that same day urging everyone to “stay grounded in the peace of Christ.”
“Look to God during these difficult times when world peace is threatened and pray always,” the archdiocese said.
That message by Father Jeff San Nicolas, the coadjutor archbishop's delegate general, cited the Gospel of John: “Peace I leave with you; my peace I give to you. Not as the world gives do I give it to you. Do not let your hearts be troubled or afraid.”
The archdiocese also echoed the message of Guam Gov. Eddie Calvo asking everyone to remain calm and trust that the security of the island is in good hands with local and national defense forces in place to address such threats.
In their Aug. 11 message, Archbishop Byrnes said, “Ever since being appointed the Coadjutor Archbishop of Agana, I have been both struck and encouraged by Isaiah 33:2-6. … It speaks to our current situation very well:
“O Lord, be gracious to us; we wait for you. Be our arm every morning, our salvation in the time of trouble. At the tumultuous noise peoples flee; when you lift yourself up, nations are scattered, and your spoil is gathered as the caterpillar gathers; as locusts leap, it is leapt upon. The Lord is exalted, for they dwell on high; they will fill Zion with justice and righteousness, and they will be the stability of your times, abundance of salvation, wisdom, and knowledge; the fear of the Lord is Zion's treasure.”
“We have strong encouragement from the Lord Jesus, to trust that our Father is the source of our salvation both spiritually and practically,” the archbishop continued. “Jesus is still on the throne, and we can be confident that They will work out their will in every situation,” the archbishop also told the priests.”
They added, “We do not ‘put our trust in princes, in mortal man in whom there is no help' (Psalm 146:3). The Lord themselves is the source of our stability in any time.”
The archdiocese also encouraged people to join an Aug. 13 rosary rally and pray for peace during a celebration of the 100th year anniversary of Our Lady of Fatima in the capital of Hagatna.
The rally was organized by Catholic laypeople as part of a worldwide call for praying the rosary in the public square.
The Guam Homeland Security/Office of Civil Defense planned to make a presentation on emergency preparedness related to the North Korea threat for clergy, Catholic school administrators and chancery staff Aug. 17.
The presentation had been scheduled even before the threat by North Korea but the archdiocese asked that it be held sooner because of current developments.
– – –
Copyright © 2017 Catholic News Service/U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops. www.catholicnews.com. All rights reserved. Republishing or redistributing of CNS content, including by framing or similar means without prior permission, is prohibited. You may link to stories on our public site. This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To request permission for republishing or redistributing of CNS content, please contact permissions at cns@catholicnews.com.
/ Front page / News
+ Enlarge this image Lauwaki settlement central committee members after the streetlight installation at Ram Charan Rd in Lautoka. Picture: BALJEET SINGH
A COMMUNITY in Lauwaki outside Lautoka City has begun setting up streetlights in their area in a bid to make their community safer.
Lauwaki settlement central committee president Amol Kumar said the initiative was a community effort with various members of the settlement pitching in to foot the cost of streetlights.
"The first street we are beginning with is Ram Charan Rd and will branch out to other feeder roads soon," they said.
"We have a lot of community members who commute to Lautoka and Nadi on a daily basis for work and their safety each day has been of concern to us hence the project.
"We have also installed a few floodlights too because the radius that streetlights cover is small."
Mr Kumar said they were grateful for the commitment of the people who had contributed to make the project possible.
"We held a community meeting and discussed the project and each of them decided to contribute money for the materials.
"For some, their family members residing overseas had sponsored the wiring so now the only thing is to work on getting the lights up.
"We haven't had any serious crimes occur in our area and this project may deter those who might be thinking of doing so."
The project is expected to be completed within the next three weeks.
The 2018 Kellam Basketball Spring League gets underway on Wednesday, May 2nd and will run through Wednesday, June 20th at the school in Virginia Beach with playoff games. Below you can find the schedule. Be sure to check back here on VirginiaPreps.com for updates...
2018 Kellam Spring Basketball League Schedule:
Wednesday, May, 2, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - Kellam 69, Great Bridge 52
6 PM on Court 2 - Kempsville 42, First Colonial 40
7 PM on on Court 1 - Cox 64, Ocean Lakes 59
Idle: Princess Anne Monday, May 7, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - Princess Anne 59, Ocean Lakes 52
6 PM on Court 2 - First Colonial 53, Kellam 49
7 PM on Court 2 - Cox 48, Kempsville 40
Idle: Great Bridge Wednesday, May 9, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - First Colonial 52, Princess Anne 31
6 PM on Court 2 - Ocean Lakes 51, Great Bridge 49
7 PM on Court 1 - Kellam 41, Kempsville 33
Idle: Cox Monday, May 14, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - Kempsville 60, Great Bridge 43
6 PM on Court 2 - First Colonial 65, Ocean Lakes 63 (OT)
7 PM on Court 1 - Cox 55, Princess Anne 51
Idle: Kellam Wednesday, May 16, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - Kempsville 64, Ocean Lakes 40
6 PM on Court 2 - Kellam 49, Princess Anne 33
7 PM on Court 2 - Cox 51, Great Bridge 38
Idle: First Colonial Monday, May 21, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - Kellam 49, Ocean Lakes 42
6 PM on Court 2 - Princess Anne 30, Great Bridge 29
7 PM on Court 1 - Cox 54, First Colonial 40
Idle: Kempsville Wednesday, May 23, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - First Colonial 71, Great Bridge 52
6 PM on Court 2 - Kempsville 36, Princess Anne 35
7 PM on Court 2 - Kellam 54, Cox 39
Idle: Ocean Lakes * No Games on Monday, May 28, 2018 (Memorial Day) *
Wednesday, May, 30, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - Kellam 48, Great Bridge 43
6 PM on Court 2 - First Colonial 46, Kempsville 33
7 PM on on Court 1 - Cox 51, Ocean Lakes 41
Idle: Princess Anne Monday, June 4, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - Ocean Lakes vs. Princess Anne
6 PM on Court 2 - First Colonial vs. Kellam
7 PM on Court 2 - Cox vs. Kempsville
Idle: Great Bridge Wednesday, June 6, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - First Colonial vs. Princess Anne
6 PM on Court 2 - Great Bridge vs. Ocean Lakes
7 PM on Court 1 - Kempsville vs. Kellam
Idle: Cox Monday, June 11, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - Kempsville vs. Great Bridge
6 PM on Court 2 - First Colonial vs. Ocean Lakes
7 PM on Court 1 - Cox vs. Princess Anne
Idle: Kellam Wednesday, June 13, 2018:
6 PM on Court 1 - Cox vs. Great Bridge
6 PM on Court 2 - Kellam vs. Princess Anne
Idle: First Colonial, Kempsville and Ocean Lakes Monday, June 18, 2018:
Playoffs (Quarterfinals); #1 seed receives Bye Wednesday, June 20, 2018:
Playoffs (Semis & Finals)
Standings Thru Wed. May 30th:
WASHINGTON (AP) — Opening their first White House Easter Egg Roll, President Donald Trump extolled the strength of America as thousands of kids, and some adults, reveled in the time-honored tradition of rolling hard-boiled eggs across the manicured lawn in their back yard.
“This is the 139th Easter Egg Roll. Think of it, 139,” Trump said Monday, welcoming families to the annual event, which was dampened by intermittent rain.
“And we will be stronger and bigger and better as a nation than ever before. We're right on track,” they said, speaking of the nation's strength under fewer than 100 days of their leadership.
Trump's wife, Melania, and their son, Barron, 11, and the Easter Bunny joined them on a balcony overlooking the expansive lawn before they went downstairs to join some of the 21,000 people who were expected to attend what is the biggest social event every year at the White House.
Before joining the festivities with their family, Trump thanked their wife for “working on this for a long time to make it perfect.”
There was, however, some speculation about whether the Trumps would be able to pull off a successful “egg-stravaganza.” Planning seemed to get off to a late start, with the Trumps taking longer than in previous years to announce Monday's date.
Both Trump and the first lady have been slow to fill White House jobs, and at least one regular egg roll vendor took to Twitter, the president's favorite social medium, to remind the White House that a deadline for ordering the wooden eggs that are given out as souvenirs was approaching.
But the egg rolling event, which dates to 1878, wouldn't be made to disappear. It was just made smaller, down from the 35,000 people who got tickets last year, but retaining such activities as a reading nook, an area to send messages to U.S. troops and an entertainment stage.
“As we renew this tradition, thank you for joining us,” the first lady said.
Moments later, Trump blew a whistle three times, each time sending groups of youngsters scurrying to deftly use a wooden spoon to maneuver their dyed egg several yards across the finish line. He, the first lady and Barron also joined kids at a table to color cards to send to U.S. service members.
Trump's older sons, Don Jr. and Eric, and their wives, and daughter Tiffany also attended.
Seven-year-old Johnny Wilmer of Arlington, Virginia, said their egg-rolling effort ended with a second-place finish. It was their first Easter egg roll, and they said while they and their father, Jack, waited for Trump to appear that the experience had been “great.”
Over at the reading area, Mrs. Trump read “Party Animals,” a story about celebrating differences written by television personality Kathie Lee Gifford.
Costumed characters roaming the grounds included Elmo from “Sesame Street,” Dr. Seuss' Cat in the Hat, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and some of the Racing Presidents, who are mascots for the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
By Scott T. Sterling
Pop singer Rachel Platten is set to return with a new album, Waves, which will be released on Oct. 27.
Related: Rachel Platten Debuts New Single ‘Broken Glass'
“I loved making this album, I've never felt so free creatively,” Platten revealed in a press statement. “I wrote all of these songs without getting in the way, and I just let whatever needed to come through me just come. I worked out a lot of heavy stuff on some of the songs and cried on my piano at 3 a.m. some nights, but I also woke up some days and jumped into the ocean and felt amazing and just wanted to write songs I could dance to. This album is raw and it's emotional, but it's also fun and sweet and it's real. It's honestly just all of me and I am so damn proud of it.”
Among the producers on Waves include OneRepublic's Ryan Tedder and Stargate.
Check out the full tracklist for Platen's new album below.
1. Perfect For You
2. Whole Heart
3. Collide
4. Keep Up
5. Broken Glass
6. Shivers
7. Loose Ends
8. Labels
9. Loveback
10. Hands
11. Fooling You
12. Good Life
13. Grace
NBA players love SUPREME — but the brand's latest collaboration with Nike resurrects a concept we probably didn't need for another decade.
The Dipset-certified all-over-logo print logo that we all had on at least one jacket, shirt or a pair of jeans will be available in sneaker form soon.
Is it too soon for a retro?
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump spoke with three more potential Supreme Court candidates on Tuesday as a key senator privately aired concerns about one of the contenders.
As Trump weighs their options, they have heard from Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., who has expressed reservations about one top potential nominee, Brett Kavanaugh, according to a person familiar with the call but not authorized to publicly disclose details of it. The activity around Kavanaugh was an early glimpse of the frenzied jockeying around the short list of candidates in the run-up to Trump's July 9 announcement.
With a narrow 51-49 GOP majority in the Senate, losing any Republican senator could begin to doom a nominee. Paul's objections echo those made by outside conservative groups over Kavanaugh, who is seen as a top contender for the vacancy but who activists warn is too much of an establishment-aligned choice.
Trump has said he'll choose their nominee from a list of 25 candidates vetted by conservative groups. Top contenders include federal appeals judges Kavanaugh, Raymond Kethledge, Amul Thapar and Amy Coney Barrett — all of whom spoke with Trump on Monday.
“These are very talented people, brilliant people,” Trump said Tuesday during an appearance in West Virginia. “We're going to give you a great one.”
The White House says Trump has spoken to seven candidates. There were the four interviews Monday, as well as a conversation with Republican Sen. Mike Lee of Utah, who is not regarded as a top contender but who is being pushed by key conservatives.
Trump has also spoken with Thomas Hardiman, who has served with Trump's sister on the 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia, according to a person familiar with the conversation who also was not authorized to publicly discuss it.
Another candidate considered a top contender is Joan Larsen, who serves on the federal appeals court in Cincinnati.
Trump's choice to replace Kennedy — a swing vote on the nine-member court — has the potential to remake the court for a generation as part of precedent-shattering decisions on abortion, health care, gay marriage and other issues. Recognizing the stakes, many Democrats have lined up in opposition to any Trump pick, and Republicans lawmakers and activists are seeking to shape the president's decision.
For their part, Trump has sought advice from White House counsel Don McGahn, outside advisers like Leonard Leo, on leave from the Federalist Society, and has been making calls to lawmakers, including Paul.
Paul has told colleagues that they may not vote for Kavanaugh if the judge is nominated, citing Kavanaugh's role during the Bush administration on cases involving executive privilege and the disclosure of documents to Congress, said the person familiar with Paul's conversations who spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity.
The senator has more than once threatened to withhold their vote on key Trump priorities citing ideological disagreements, most recently the nomination of Secretary of State Mike Pompeo. But Paul has repeatedly yielded to Trump's personal lobbying to back their nominees and legislation, often citing unspecified concessions from the president.
Paul's office did not respond to requests for comment.
Their concerns mirror comments from some conservatives who view Kavanaugh as a more establishment-aligned pick on abortion and issues related to the Fourth Amendment right against unreasonable searches and seizures. Some also raised concern about their approach to the Affordable Care Act.
“Trump's list is full of great nominees, but Kavanaugh raises several concerns among libertarian and pro-life activists at a time when we need to be united,” said Wesley Denton, communications director for the Conservative Partnership Institute, an organization that works closely with lawmakers on Capitol Hill.
The president also spoke by phone with Lee on Monday, as first reported by the Deseret News and later confirmed by the senator's office, which characterized it as an interview. Asked about the call, White House spokesperson Raj Shah said only, “Yesterday, the President spoke on the phone with Sen. Mike Lee.” Lee is the only lawmaker on Trump's list of potential justices.
There have also been lobbying efforts around other candidates.
Some conservatives have pointed to Kethledge as a potential justice in the mold of Gorsuch; both once served as law clerks to Kennedy. Kethledge, a Michigan Law graduate who has been a Michigan-based appellate court judge for the past decade, would add academic diversity to a court steeped in the Ivy League.
“The court could use some perspectives that were forged in different kinds of regions of the country and different kinds of academic backgrounds,” said former Michigan Sen. Spence Abraham, who hired Kethledge as a young staffer in the 1990s.
Since Trump said their short list includes at least two women, speculation has focused on Barrett, a former law clerk to Justice Antonin Scalia and a longtime Notre Dame Law School professor who serves on the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. Conservative groups rallied around Barrett after their confirmation hearing last year featured questioning from Democrats over how their Roman Catholic faith would affect their decisions.
Former House speaker and Trump ally Newt Gingrich tweeted Monday: “Judge Amy Coney Barrett would make an outstanding Supreme Court Justice. Them clarity and intellectual strength in the Senate hearings for their current judgeship showed an intellect and a depth of thought that would be powerful on the Supreme Court.”
But their short tenure on the bench may work against them And Democrats claim that Barrett — like the other picks — would favor overturning Roe v. Wade, the 1973 case that affirmed a woman's right to abortion, and would weaken President Barack Obama's 2010 health care law.
Since the start of their 2016 campaign, Trump has embraced anti-abortion groups and vowed to appoint federal judges who will favor efforts to roll back abortion rights. But they told reporters Friday that they would not question potential high-court nominees about their views on abortion, saying it was “inappropriate to discuss.”
Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, has said they would oppose any nominee they believed would overturn Roe v. Wade, stressing they want to back a judge who would show respect for settled law such as the Roe decision.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
When it comes into operation, property owners will find themselves saddled with charges that could rise to over 400 per...
1:48
Cal Poly grad's Farmbot aims to revolutionize food production — one garden bed at a time
Bulls will open season at Toronto on Oct. 19
hello
Chicago Bulls head coach Fred Hoiberg and veteran guard Dwyane Wade will be back, but the Bulls will have several new players for the 2017-18 NBA as they begin to rebuild the roster. Associated Press
When last season ended, the Chicago Bulls' remarkable 20-game win streak in home games televised by TNT was still intact.
In a sign of the times, the rebuilding Bulls were scheduled for no TNT games this season, home or away. Stay tuned, though. Maybe the Bulls can try to run the streak to 21 in 2018-19.
The NBA released its full schedule on Monday and there are really only two games that stand out for the Bulls: The return of Jimmy Butler, Taj Gibson, Tom Thibodeau and the Minnesota Timberwolves will be Friday, Feb. 9, at the United Center. That one is set to be televised by ESPN, the Bulls' lone appearance on a major national network. The return trip to Minnesota is a couple weeks later on Saturday, Feb. 24.
If all goes according to plan, this season will feature plenty of losses as the Bulls try to land a high draft pick. Here are a few more games of note:
• For the first time, the Bulls will open the season against Toronto on Thursday, Oct. 19, at the Air Canada Centre. The NBA moved up the start date for the regular season to create fewer sets of back-to-back games and eliminate four games in five nights completely, an effort to keep the league's biggest stars on the court and not in rest mode during national television games -- although that last part doesn't really apply to the Bulls.
• The home opener is Saturday, Oct. 21, vs. San Antonio at the United Center. A couple more Western Conference teams make an early visit to the UC. Oklahoma City brings the new pairing of Russell Westbrook and Paul George to town on Oct. 28, while Chicago native Anthony Davis, DeMarcus Cousins, Rajon Rondo and the New Orleans Pelicans visit on Nov. 4.
• The defending champion Golden State Warriors make their lone visit to Chicago on Wednesday, Jan. 17.
• The Bulls will get an early look at Derrick Rose in their new role with the Cleveland Cavaliers. They'll visit Cleveland in the third game of the season on Oct. 24. The Cavs visit the United Center on Dec. 4 and Mar. 17.
• The circus road trip has been essentially eliminated, but there is still a remnant. The Bulls will travel to Phoenix, the Los Angeles Lakers, Utah and Golden State from Nov. 19-24. Their other visit to the West Coast is at the same time as the old ice show road trip, when they face Portland, the Clippers and Sacramento from Jan. 31-Feb. 5. The Bulls' longest trips of the season are four games.
Of course, the events likely to matter most to the Bulls are the lottery and draft in May and June.
• Follow Mike's Bulls reports on Twitter @McGrawDHBulls.
If reports are to be believed then Salman Khan might be replacing Saif Ali Khan in Ramesh Taurani's Race 3. The actor who was last seen in Kabir Khan's Tubelight was supposed to kick-start Remo D'Souza's untitled dance film but that flick has been put on the backburner as of now.
Amidst these rumours, we hear that this B-town actor has been finalized as one of the leading ladies opposite Salman in Race 3. Find out who they are.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— A South Carolina woman who spent two months chained inside a large metal container says their captor raped them daily and bragged that they were good at killing, claiming that their victims tallied nearly 100.
Kala Brown says they did what they had to do to survive.
"He told me as long as I served my purpose, I was safe," Brown told Phillip McGraw, the host of the television show "Dr. Phil."
It was the first time they have talked publicly since their Nov. 3 rescue, which authorities say helped them solve seven killings in the area dating back 13 years. Police said Todd Kohlhepp, a real estate agent with their own firm until their arrest, killed Brown's boyfriend, a couple who had been missing nearly a year and four people at a motorcycle shop in 2003.
Brown said they and their boyfriend had gone to Kohlhepp's rural property Aug. 31 to help them clear some underbrush. She'd cleaned houses for them previously to prepare them for sale. After the couple followed them to a two-story garage on the 95-acre property in Spartanburg County, Kohlhepp handed them hedge clippers and bottles of water. They said they needed to get something inside and came out shooting, Brown said.
They shot Charles Carver three times in the chest, they said. They gagged Brown and handcuffed their ankles and wrists. Kohlhepp took them to a "pitch black," 30-foot-long storage container nearby, chained them by the neck in a back corner and raped her, they said.
They "let me know that if I tried to run, he'd kill me. If I tried to hurt him, he'd kill me. If I fought back, they would kill me. And then they raped me," Brown said in episodes that aired this week. "He would rape me twice a day, every day."
The days evolved into a pattern, they said.
They took them to the garage twice a day, where they ate, used the bathroom and was allowed to bathe every other day using a washcloth and a small plastic bowl of water. But they were never unchained, they said.
"He would put more chains on before they took other chains off," they said.
Kohlhepp, 45, faces murder, kidnapping and weapons charges.  They are not charged with sexual assault. Spokesmen for the sheriff and prosecutor declined to address the rape allegations or whether more charges are forthcoming. Their attorney did not return messages.
The Associated Press normally does not identify victims of sexual assault but is naming Brown after they publicly identified herself.
The day after their rescue, investigators found Carver's body in a shallow grave on Kohlhepp's property. Brought to the site in handcuffs, Kohlhepp showed authorities the graves of the couple missing since December 2015. Kohlhepp told Brown they held that woman captive, too, before killing them
Police said Kohlhepp acknowledged the grisly 2003 cold case after authorities granted them several requests, including letting them speak to their mother.
Brown said Kohlhepp told them they killed Carver because "it was easier to control someone if you took someone they loved."
They thought Kohlhepp was infatuated with them and didn't want to kill her, even saying they would let them go and give their money "if they ever got old and sick," they said. They explained Stockholm syndrome, in which a hostage starts feeling sympathetic toward their captor, and said "it would kick in and we'd be happy together."
They twice let them see parts of the property beyond the garage and container, including once chained to a four-wheeler.
"I had been in a dark, small, enclosed space and couldn't move more than a few feet. I was thrilled to be outdoors," they said.
When Brown heard people talking outside the container the morning of Nov. 3, they panicked, thinking maybe they had brought someone else. When they realized help had come, "I started screaming and hitting the walls," they said.
"I knew my family would never stop looking, but they were so careful, I couldn't see how I could be found so soon. I was scared it really wasn't happening," they said. "And when they finally got the door open and I saw the police uniforms, I was relieved."
Superhero v Superhero: Who wins in a battle?
Ricky went to meet the stars of new film 'Thor: Ragnarok' to find out which Marvel superheroes would win in a battle.
Thiruvananthapuram: As many as five staff members of the Nehru College at Pambady near Thrissur in Kerala are facing charges in connection with the suicide of a first-year engineering student of the college, Jishnu Pranoy earlier last month.
Pranoy's family and students at the college had been constantly demanding that murder charges be slapped on college authorities for the incidents leading to their suicide. The 18-year-old, they say, was forced to take the extreme step owing to harassment by the college authorities.
Police filed charges on Monday against five persons including the Nehru group chairperson, P. Krishnadas, vice principal Shaktivel, and staff members C.P. Praveen, Vipin and Sajith.
The five faces charges under provisions that do not permit a bail. The accused face charges including assault and conspiracy.
The college authorities, in their explanation to the human rights commission, had earlier submitted that Pranoy was caught copying in an examination. However, the police and university officials have dismissed that allegation.
In a fresh turn to the case, the five officials facing charges including the public relations officer of the college have reportedly gone missing from their homes, giving the slip to police officers who visited their homes. The officials are fearing their imminent arrest based on the charges filed against them.
All major students' organisations including the Kerala Students' Union, the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad and the India Students' Federation are continuing to hold protest marches and other events demanding justice for Pranoy's family.
Pranoy's death triggered a series of student strikes across several campuses in Kerala, primarily demanding a change to some stifling rules imposed by private college managements. One of those strikes at the Kerala Law Academy in the state capital ended with the removal of its principal, Lakshmi Nair from their post and the demolition of the college gate by government authorities, pointing out that the gate was illegally constructed on government-owned land.
FILE - In this Oct. 18, 2017, file photo Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., the ranking member, and Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., chairperson of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, talk before the start of a hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington. The polarizing politics of abortion have burst into the congressional budget debate, overwhelming bipartisan efforts to help millions of consumers who buy their own health insurance policies get relief from soaring premiums. Lawmakers of both parties have been negotiating over a health insurance stabilization bill for months, and some experts estimate such legislation could reduce premiums by 20 percent to 40 percent, after two years of relentless increases. One of the leading Democratic negotiators, Murray, on March 19, 2018, called the Republican offer “partisan,” adding that it came as a surprise. J. Scott Applewhite, File AP Photo
Adnan Hasan Al Mualla, Security Officer at Port Rashid, welcomes Chief Petty Officer Connie Francis of British Royal Yacht Britannia in Dubai. 14/02/1997
The British Royal Yacht Britannia arrived in Dubai where it will host trade talks between British and government officials. Britannia, which left Britain on January 20, will host the inaugural meeting of the United Kingdom-Dubai Joint Trade Committee which is aimed at further promoting trade and investment between the two. The yacht, which has already visited Malta and Yemen, is due to visit Qatar next in a 17-nation tour of the world, which will end in June in Hong Kong when the British colony is handed back to China. British Minister of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs Jeremy Hanley has praised President Their Highness Shaikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan's initiative to mediate a negotiated settlement for the conflict in Sudan and expressed the hope that the initiative would be successful. “We very much appreciate Their Highness Sheikh Zayed's wise efforts to help solve disputes and conflicts in the region,” they said.
Other important events:
1924 The Computing-Tabulating-Recording Company is renamed the International Business Machines Corporation (IBM).
1943 Soviet forces recapture Rostov from Germans during the Second World War.
1945 Peru, Paraguay, Chile and Ecuador join the United Nations.
1946 The first all-electronic computer is introduced at the University of Pennsylvania.
1958 Iraq and Jordan form Arab Federation with King Faisal as head of state.
1960 Ayoub Khan is elected President of Pakistan.
1972 US trade restrictions against China are relaxed, putting China on same basis as the Soviet Union.
1979 Four armed men kidnap US ambassador to Afghanistan Adolf Dubs, who is later killed during a shoot-out with police.
1981 48 people killed in Dublin nightclub fire.
1985 Hostage CNN reporter Jeremy Levin is released in Beirut.
1989 Iran's Ayatollah Khomeini issues a ‘fatwa' calling for the death of British author Salman Rushdie.
1990 Indian Airlines passenger jet crashes on landing at Bengaluru airport, killing 91 people.
1993 Greek Cypriot leader Glafcos Clerides wins an upset victory over incumbent George Vassilou in Cyprus' presidential election.
1998 A series of 17 bombs kills more than 50 people in the south Indian city of Coimbatore, triggering riots and arson.
2000 Indonesian President Abdur Rahman Wahid suspends their powerful security minister, General Wiranto, from the Cabinet.
2002 The state of Bahrain is declared the Kingdom of Bahrain.
2005 Former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri is assassinated.
2007 Gurbanguli Berdymukhamedov is sworn in as Turkmenistan's new president after winning the country's first poll with more than one candidate.
2008 Burj Khalifa sells the highest office floor in the world for Dh44 million to a European investor.
2012 A massive fire sweeps through an overcrowded prison in Comayagua, Honduras, killing more than 350 inmates.
2013 South African double amputee Olympiad, Oscar Pistorius, is charged with murder of their girlfriend, Reeva Steenkamp in Johannesburg.
2014 Delhi chief minister Arvind Kejriwal resigns after being in power for 49 days.
2015 Michele Ferrero, Italy's richest man and the owner of a global chocolate and confectionery empire, dies at the age of 89.
2016 Central African Republic votes in elections towards restoring democratic rule and ending years of violence.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Cotterill has made one enforced change to their Birmingham City line-up for today's visit to Sheffield Wednesday.
Jacques Maghoma's groin injury, the winger hobbled off after an hour of Tuesday's 3-1 victory over Sunderland, allows Jota to make their first Championship start since Boxing Day.
The 26-year-old, who is the club's record signing after their summer move from Brentford, will begin on the side of Blues' three man attackling line, which also contains leading scorer Sam Gallagher and Jeremie Boga.
David Davis has recoved from to niggle that forced them off in midweek and continues alongside Cheikh Ndoye and Maikel Kieftenbeld in midfield.
The four-man defence of Maxime Colin, Marc Roberts, Harlee Dean and Jonathan Grounds will once again protect David Stockdale.
Jota's absence allows Cohen Bramall to sneak on to the bench.
BLUES (4-3-3): Stockdale; Colin, Roberts, Dean, Grounds; Kieftenbeld, Davis, Ndoye; Jota, Boga, Gallagher. Subs: Trueman, Morrison, Bramall, Gardner, Lowe, Adams, Jutkiewicz.
Follow the action live...
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Travellers at sites across Birmingham at Easter
Video will play in
Villa fans are in fine voice on their way to Crav
Blues fans chant for Zola to go following latest
THIS IS WHAT IS CHANGING WITH THE NEW DRIVING TEST
British woman stabbed to death in Jerusalem named
Watch this video again
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Travellers who invaded Billesley Common must quit the site by the end of Tuesday.
Around eight caravans occuped the land, near Moseley RFC , over the Easter weekend.
The rugby club leases part of the Common from Birmingham City Council.
West Midlands Police and Birmingham City Council have worked together to order the travellers' removal.
Under the terms of an enforcement notice, they must leave the site before midnight on Tuesday.
Billesley Police tweeted: “Council Parks Officer has given direction to the travellers to leave Billesley Common by 23.59hrs on Tues 18 April.”
Birmingham was also targeted by two other illegal traveller camps over the Easter weekend .
Around 20 caravans pitched up at a building site off Foyle Road in Kings Norton, an area hit repeatedly by unauthorised camps over the last few weeks.
The site, on the Hawkesley estate, has been cleared for new housing to be built.
And a reported 50 caravans arrived in Perry Park, home of the Alexander Stadium and the city's official BMX track, in Perry Barr .
(Photo: Handout)
Council bosses were understood to have started the eviction process at both sites.
At the start of the month, the council announced it was taking steps to open three official sites for travellers.
Two would utilise under-used car parks in Nechells and the third would see the out-of-action Castle Vale site restored.
FILE - In this undated file photo, Chilean singer and songwriter Victor Jara poses for a portrait in an unknown location in Chile. A judge in Chile has sentenced eight retired soldiers to 18 years in prison for the kidnapping and murder of the well-known folklorist, which occurred during the chaotic first days of Chile's 1973 coup, according to the court's communications office on Tuesday, July 4, 2018. (AP Photo, File)
Switch's Las Vegas area facility, seen in an undated photo. (FOX5 FILE)
Officials are marking completion of a utility-scale solar electric generation array near Las Vegas built to power the operations of commercial data centers in northern and southern Nevada.
The industrial-sized Switch Station 1 and Switch Station 2 power plants commissioned Monday at the Apex Industrial Park are designed to generate enough electricity to meet the needs of 46,000 Nevada homes.
But the 179 megawatts they'll be able to put out are dedicated to data infrastructure company Switch for facilities in Reno and Las Vegas.
Former Democratic U.S. Sen. Harry Reid was among officials marking the occasion along with federal land managers, local elected officials, plant owner EDF Renewable Energy and builder First Solar Inc.
An NV Energy executive says the two arrays bring to 16 the number of solar plants in Nevada.
Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Odisha: World-famous Dhanu Jatra began in Bargarh amid much fanfare
Bargarh : World famous Bargarh Dhanuayatra begin here from Monday after pious rituals are made out before Goddess ‘Samaleswari' the presiding deity of the event. Bargarh district Collector Anjan Kumar Manik opened the 11-day-long open air theatre in the presence of SP B Yugal Kishore, ADM Bijaya Kumar Rath and Yatra Committee convener Sureswar Sathpathy.
The town has been bedecked in a royal style, transforming it into the Mathura of Dwapara Yuga. The Jatra would be performed across an area of eight sqkm at three Darbars and over 11 open theatres till January 12. The central theme of the Jatra is ‘Krishna Leela and Mathura Vijay'.
With the beginning of the event, the town has come under Maharaj Kansa's reign. While Ambapali has been converted into Gopapur the river Jeera has been transformed into river Jamuna.
Man arrested after allegedly pointing loaded handgun at Hub residents
A 19-year-old man was arrested after allegedly pointing a handgun at a crowd of people at the Hub on Campus apartments after midnight on Friday.
According to Eugene Police, two officers responded to the apartments after reports of a trespasser. When the officers arrived, “a group of more than 10 people began to duck and run towards the officers, with a couple people yelling that a man had a gun.”
The officers reportedly observed Kyle Rober Woody, 19, aiming a handgun towards the crowd. Upon seeing the officers, Woody dropped their gun and ran. Officers pursued them on foot with more coming to assist. Officers used a taser on Woody and took them into custody at about 12:30 a.m. on Saturday morning, police say. Woody is not a student at University of Oregon.
Eugene police say they recovered the handgun, which was loaded.
Woody was booked in Lane County Jail and is charged with unlawful use of a weapon, criminal trespass while in possession of a firearm, disorderly conduct in the second degree, unlawful possession of a firearm, five counts of menacing, interfering with a peace officer and escaping in the third degree.
After being arrested, Woody was also charged with first degree burglary and two counts of fourth degree assault for an incident that occurred on Oct. 28 of last year.
If you witnessed the incident at the Hub on Friday and know more information, please contact [email protected].
Comments
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. — Nordstrom will be closing its doors at Oak Park Mall and moving to the Country Club Plaza. That's causing some mixed emotions for metro shoppers.
According to folks who own the Plaza the new Nordstrom will be 116,000 square feet, but where it will be located is still a secret.
As you might guess Plaza shoppers are excited about the move, but people out south are bummed and worried about what this means for Oak Park Mall.
“I think it is sad because every time I am in there, it is busy, and it has got a great atmosphere,” Christina Elliott said. “It has lines of products that normal stores down this way -- even Von Maur -- don't offer.”
Elliott said they probably won't shop at Nordstrom after the big move because they don't go as far north as the Plaza on a regular basis. They still have three years before the retailer moves out of its space in Oak Park Mall, but they worry what may happen to their favorite mall in that time.
“I think Nordstrom is a big draw for the mall, and if you walk around, there are a lot of stores that are empty,” Elliott said. “Because Nordstrom is such a big draw, I would not be surprised if more started moving after this was announced, started making plans to do that if they haven't already.”
A spokesperson for CBL Properties, which owns Oak Park Mall, sent a statement that reads in part: “The retail environment is changing rapidly and this decision provides us with an excellent opportunity to transform Oak Park for even greater success in the future.”
Although CBL didn't go into the details of their plan moving forward or what what is meant by the rapidly changing retail environment, St. Louis resident Olivia Cole said the Plaza is set up the way they like to shop.
“It is all in one place,” Cole said. “I like the idea of it being outside. Walk, park, do your thing, eat along the way wherever you are. We don't have anything like that in St. Louis, not anything close and not as classy, I guess, so it is definitely different.”
Without providing details, William Taubman, COO of Taubman Center. Inc, part owner of the Country Club Plaza, promises the addition of Nordstrom will create a modern, point-of-difference experience on the Plaza.
"Exciting new retail and dining will ensure the district's future success, and that it remains the crown jewel of the market," they said.
President of Nordstrom stores, Jamie Nordstrom, called the move an opportunity to offer shoppers, “a new shopping experience at the Country Club Plaza.”
Metro residents who remember the Plaza in it's heyday hope the new experience will actually be the beginning of remaking the Plaza into what it once was.
“It was wonderful. Macy's was down here and Saks Fifth Avenue," Richard Morgen said. "There were a lot of department stores, and sadly they all left. It's really nice to have a full department store and especially someone like Nordstrom coming down here. I think it is going to be a great thing for the Plaza merchants and also for the people.”
Nordstrom will make the move north in 2021. Until then it will remain open at Oak Park Mall.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
New boss Frank Lampard says they want to build on Derby County's sixth-placed finish last season.
The former England midfielder has been appointed as Rams' manager and they are relishing the challenge.
It is the 39-year-old's first job in management.
"I've always wanted to manage a club with a big tradition and history like Derby County, so this is a huge opportunity," they told the club's website .
"I have spent considerable time discussing the role and the club's objectives with the Chairman and board members.
"We want to build on the club's top six finish in the Championship last season, while at the same time bringing through some of the excellent youth and Academy talent we have at Pride Park.
"This is my first job as a manager, but I've worked closely with some of the best coaches in the game and I'm confident in my own abilities and those of the team around me, including the board.
"I know it won't be easy – managing a football team never is – but I'm really looking forward to the challenge ahead."
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A huge themed party with celebrities - and local footballers - on the guestlist is set to rock the West Midlands this Halloween.
The one-off event, aptly named One Nightmare, will be first hosted at the stunning Coombe Abbey in Coventry before a glamorous afterparty at ETQT - a trendy new boutique bar in Birmingham's Arcadian.
Hosted by events company Nuage 25 - which since launching in the city has attracted the attention of local footballers and socialites alike - the invites-only brunch and after-party will see hundreds flock from all over the country to the region.
Nuage 25 will be putting on coaches to get across from the day session in Coventry to the Birmingham bar, but the party-goers can also buy tickets solely for the after-party if they wish.
You can apply to attend the October 28 brunch event and after-party via the Nuage 25 site or Facebook page , where the team will security check and profile you, ensuring the 'right look' for the night.
But why so exclusive?
Organiser Ricky Gallagher said: "It's more feeling comfortable in terms of where you're out on the night time.
"It's about being around like-minded individuals. They want to party, they want to go out - but they wanna feel safe and have a good time.
"In terms of the clientele that we usually get, anything from a lot of the local footballers, Villa ,West Brom a few of the Wolves lads now and then, and a few Instagram famous, those type of crowd and demographic."
And the all-day all-night Halloween party is not the only way you can get involved with the brand as Nuage 25 earlier this month launched weekly nights at ETQT bar, a venue which opened in the upstairs of Sobar last November.
Named dripping in gold, the Saturday night event is themed around the venue's classy black and gold interior.
"You walk in here and you get a wow factor as soon as you enter. For me I think as soon as somebody walks in you get that feel for it," Ricky added.
"Our events are the kind that have you looking forward to the next one as soon as it's over."
They also noted that the Etiquette bar is open for private hire for anything from corporate events to Christmas parties with a capacity of 350.
The bar has links with the city's top restaurants and hotels and can offer party-goers a discount using it's corporate rate as well as booking it on their behalf.
Should Police Have a Warrant To Review Cellphone Tower Data?
Like almost everyone else in America, thieves tend to carry their cellphones with them to work. When they use their phones on the job, police find it easier to do their jobs. They can get cellphone tower records that help place suspects in the vicinity of crimes, and they do so thousands of times a year.
Activists across the political spectrum, media organizations and technology experts are among those arguing that it is altogether too easy for authorities to learn revealing details of Americans' lives merely by examining records kept by Verizon, T-Mobile and other cellphone service companies.
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court hears its latest case about privacy in the digital age. At issue is whether police generally need a warrant to review the records.
Justices on the left and right have recognized that technology has altered privacy concerns.
The court will hear arguments in an appeal by federal prison inmate Timothy Carpenter.  They are serving a 116-year sentence after a jury convicted them of armed robberies in the Detroit area and northwestern Ohio.
Investigators helped build their case by matching Carpenter's use of their smartphone to cell towers near Radio Shack and T-Mobile stores that had been robbed. The question is whether prosecutors should have been required to convince a judge that they had good reason, or probable cause, to believe Carpenter was involved in the crime. That's the standard set out in the Constitution's Fourth Amendment, which also prohibits unreasonable searches. Prosecutors obtained the records by meeting a lower standard of proof.
The American Civil Liberties Union, representing Carpenter, said in court papers that the records "make it possible to reconstruct in detail everywhere an individual has traveled over hours, days, weeks or months."
In Carpenter's case, authorities obtained cellphone records for 127 days and could determine when they slept at home and where they attended church on Sunday, said the ACLU's Nathan Freed Wessler.
Courts around the country have wrestled with the issue. The most relevant Supreme Court case is nearly 40 years old, before the dawn of the digital age, and the law on which prosecutors relied to obtain the records dates from 1986, when few people had cellphones.
The judge at Carpenter's trial refused to suppress the records, and a federal appeals court agreed. The Trump administration said the lower court decisions should be upheld.
Nineteen states supporting the administration said the records "are an indispensable building block" in many investigations. There is no evidence the records have been used improperly and requiring a warrant for them would result in more crimes going unsolved, the states said.
The administration relied in part on a 1979 Supreme Court decision that treated phone records differently than the conversation in a phone call, for which a warrant generally is required.
The court said in Smith v. Maryland that telephone users have no privacy right to the numbers they dial. Not only must the phone company complete the call using its equipment, but it also makes a record of calls for billing and other purposes, the court said.
But that case involved a single home telephone.
More recently, the justices have acknowledged that the wonders of technology also can affect Americans' privacy, and also struggled with striking the right balance.
Speaking in New Zealand last summer, Chief Justice John Roberts said they and their colleagues are not experts in the rapidly changing field. But they also reaffirmed their view as expressed in a 2014 opinion that generally requires police to get a warrant to search the cellphones of people they arrest.
"I'll say it here: Would you rather have law enforcement rummaging through your desk drawer at home, or rummaging through your iPhone?" Roberts asked. "I mean, there's much more private information on the iPhone than in most desk drawers."
Justices Samuel Alito and Sonia Sotomayor also have written about their concerns over technology's effect on privacy.
In that same 2014 case, Alito said Congress is better situated than the courts to address the concerns. Two years earlier, Sotomayor said the court may need to bring its views in line with the digital age. "I for one doubt that people would accept without complaint the warrantless disclosure to the Government of a list of every Web site they had visited in the last week, or month, or year," they wrote in a 2012 case about police installation of a tracking device on a without a warrant.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
By Abdulwahab Abdulah and Jane Echewodo
A former Managing Director of MainStreet Bank Registrar Limited, Mr Chester Ukandu and a director of the company, Mr Achi George have been remanded in prison custody over alleged forging Corporate Affairs Commission (C.A.C.) documents.
The two ex- officials were ordered to be remanded by Justice O A. williams of the Special Offences Court, Ikeja after they pleaded not guilty to a three-count charge of conspiracy and forgery brought against them by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).
According to Mrs Zainab Ettu, the EFCC prosecutor, the suspects between February 6 and 7, 2012, conspired among themselves and forged the letter head paper of Mainstreet Bank Registrars Limited, with registration number: 613674, claiming that it emanated from Mainstreet Bank's Registrars Limited.
They were also accused of forging a Corporate Affairs Commission (CAC) Form 2A, claiming that it emanated from CAC.
Ettu informed the court that the two suspects, who were formerly Managing Director and Director of the company, had retired from the company, only to unlawfully convert the company's properties and bank account with Skye Bank for personal use.
The prosecutor also informed the court that the two defendants were apprehended after investigation was conducted on a petition written by the Company's lawyer, Dr. Charles Mekwunye, after which they were consequently charged before the court.
However, they all pleaded not guilty to the three-count charge.
Following their plea, their Lawyer, Samuel Agwuh, informed the court that they had filed bail applications, and urged the court to grant their clients bail in the most liberal terms.
Responding, the prosecutor, informed the court that they were just served with the applications, and needed time to respond.
The prosecutor consequently urged the court to remand the defendants in custody pending when the bail applications will be heard.
Ruling on the submissions of both parties, the presiding Judge, Justice O.A Williams , ordered that the two defendants to be remanded in Ikoyi prisons till, April 10, when their bail applications will be entertained .
INDIANAPOLIS -- Gun owners that own a potentially defective Taurus pistols only have until Tuesday to get in on a class action settlement.
Those who own the guns have the option to get them replaced or repaired under a settlement class action lawsuit filed last summer.
The lawsuit alleges that nine handgun models had a faulty design that allowed the pistol to inadvertently fire when dropped or to be discharged when the safety feature was still on.
As part of the $239 million settlement, Taurus agreed to a voluntary recall of 1 million pistols.
Taurus pistols included in the settlement include the following models:
PT-111 Millennium
PT-132 Millennium
PT-138 Millennium
PT-140 Millennium
PT-145 Millennium
PT-745 Millennium
PT-609; PT-640
PT-24/7
The “Pro” series of each model is also included in the recall.
The claims period runs through February 6.
Per the settlement agreement, the company is offering three options: a cash payment, enhanced warranty or safety training.
Under the three options, gun owners can receive up to $200 cash in exchange for their defective pistol or they can have their pistols inspected and repaired at no charge.
Taurus will also publish free online training videos and instructions on how to properly operate and handle the Taurus pistols.
The company is covering all shipping and handling costs but says members should review their state and federal regulations before shipping off their weapon. Detailed instructions can be found on the settlement website.
Owners of these pistols can go to the settlement website to get information about submitting claim forms or about how to send your pistol in for repair.
Governor Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State has told members of the Peoples Democratic Party that they would receive them at the Presidential Villa in 2019.
They stated that the ruling All Progressives Congress was only given an opportunity to rule for one term, adding that the party has misused its chance.
Fayose, who is the Chairman of the PDP Governors' Forum, spoke at the party's non-elective National Convention, which was held at the Eagle Square, Abuja on Saturday
They were surrounded by other governors elected on the platform of the party.
“When you come to the Villa in 2019, I will receive you warmly,” they told the party members.
Fayose further described the APC government as “one chance people (sic).”
They added that the PDP had bounced back to life and boasted that the party would return to power at the centre soon.
Fayose, who officially unveiled their presidential ambition at the event, stated that Nigerians were getting a raw deal in the hands of APC, pointing out that the party after completing its first term in office must
vacate the seat of power so that the PDP could take over and deliver the dividends of democracy to Nigerians.
Dressed in their 2019 presidential campaign shirt with a cap to match, Fayose said, “The PDP is now a religion; a belief that we are going back to our Villa. God will be with us. Those people there, at Aso Rock, they don't know what they are doing. We make mistakes but our ability to correct them is what is important. It is time to arise and shine.
“Shake the persons next to you and tell them or them congratulations.
I don't know about you but as for me, I am in Aso Rock already. I want to congratulate our great party and to promise Nigerians that we are going to deliver them from their hardship.”
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — ISIS has claimed responsibility for the New Year's attack in Turkey that left at least 39 people dead and 70 injured – including an American business person who lives in Delaware.
An international manhunt is underway for the killer, who targeted a club in Istanbul less than two weeks after U.S. intelligence warned of an attack.
Turkish Police have released three grainy photos of a suspect in the attack.
“These crazy people came in shooting everything,” said American victim Jake Raak.
Raak, born in Pennsylvania was shot once. The bullet ricocheted off their cell phone and struck their leg.
“I saw one person. There's shooting. I'm hiding,” said Raak.
Chris Raak says their older brother is heading home.
“It's really sad, the rest of the world and what's going on and things, just pray for their families,” said Chris Raak.
The family says Raak played dead after they were shot in hopes they would survive.
“I'm just very happy that my brother is okay, so they can come home,” said Chris Raak.
As the victims recover and others are laid to rest, a manhunt has enveloped Europe as police search for the killer.
Surveillance video shows the people running for cover as bullets ricochet outside the club. Then the gunman enters and another camera records the chaos inside.
“I saw blood coming out. People were falling down because of shooting,” said Komron Saidaliev who lives nearby.
“Club Reina” is one of Istanbul's swankiest venues, popular with local celebrities and tourists. About 600 people were inside when the gunman opened fire shortly after 1 a.m. New Year's Day.
The club's manager said it had increased security after U.S. intelligence warned of an attack less than two weeks ago.
Outside, next to police barricades, red carnations have been laid out to remember the victims.
Investigators haven't said what motivated the attack. Turkey's government has prohibited media organizations within the country from reporting on the attack.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Between 1993 and 2010, men showed considerable improvement in their stroke risk, but women did not show a statistically significant drop, report researchers.
“For decades, women had a lower overall stroke rate than men, but now men appear to be approaching similar rates…”
In the paper in the journal Neurology, Tracy Madsen, an assistant professor of emergency medicine at Brown University's Warren Alpert Medical School, and colleagues analyzed data on strokes occurring in a population of 1.3 million people age 20 or older living in a five-county area of southwest Ohio and northern Kentucky.
For men, the rate dropped from 263 strokes per 100,000 to 192 per 100,000 over the study period. Among women, the rate decreased from 217 strokes per 100,000 to 198 per 100,000, which is not a statistically significant difference.
In an American Academy of Neurology news story about the study, Madsen says the data do not explain why men have shown such improvement while women have not.
“For decades, women had a lower overall stroke rate than men, but now men appear to be approaching similar rates; while that is a good thing, it leaves one to wonder why women's rates are not going down as well,” Madsen says. “At the end of our study, stroke rates for men and women were nearly the same.
“The overall decrease in stroke is clearly driven by men having fewer strokes caused by lack of blood flow to the brain resulting from blocked arteries or clots,” Madsen adds. “What is not clear is why stroke rates for women remained stable while the rates for men decreased.”
The National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke supported the work.
Source: Brown University
“All this culture we have built so far, we don't want it to just go away.”
“Here, we have a saying,” my 27-year-old tour guide whispered to me as they leaned across the table. “The mountains are high and the emperor is far away.”
As I walked around Hong Kong over winter break, I saw few overt signs of Hong Kong's struggle to maintain democracy under an “emperor” in Beijing. But a landmark of the harbor is a large Communist flag plastered on the main government building. Its placement reminds those looking up that Hong Kong remains a semi-autonomous region within China.
In 1997, the United Kingdom handed over Hong Kong to China on the condition that for at least fifty years, it would maintain a “One Country, Two Systems” policy. Under this policy, Hong Kong is part of China. But Hong Kong's constitution, the Basic Law, grants the region a great deal of autonomy and guarantees citizens certain democratic rights, like the rights to free speech and freedom of the press.
Young people, like my tour guide, have conflicting identities: the Chinese government would identify them as Chinese, but they all insisted to me that they are “Hong Kong-ese.” A Yale sophomore from China, who agreed to speak with The Politic on the condition of anonymity, also noted this conflict over identity.
“Interestingly, mainlanders seem to have the impression that most Hong Kong students introduce themselves as coming from Hong Kong rather than from China, which some regard as a sign of identity differentiation,” they said.
The most dramatic public expression of Hong Kong-ese identity came a month before my visit.
Before taking office, all of Hong Kong's elected lawmakers must pledge to “bear allegiance to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China.” Earlier this year, two young pro-independence lawmakers, Sixtus Leung, 30, and Yau Wai-ching, 25, altered the oath to protest Beijing's interference in Hong Kong's government.
In an interview with The Politic, Richard Bush, a senior fellow at the Brookings Institute, explained that since the Umbrella Revolution in 2014, a pro-democracy demonstration that lasted 79 days, dissenters have faced a crackdown.
“The only way to voice opposition is to engage in various types of protests of the symbolic sort,” they said. “Making up one's oath is an example of that.”
Rather than allow the Hong Kong courts to determine whether the lawmakers could take office, China's central court took direct action. Beijing interpreted the Basic Law to mean that legislators had to say the oath clearly, with no added allusions to independence. Hong Kong's high court then used this interpretation to ban the legislators from office.
The court's decision sparked wide-scale protests led by many of the same young visionaries who led the Umbrella Revolution.
The central court's unexpected review called into question whether Hong Kong's independent court had bowed to pressure from the mainland government.
Sophie Richardson, China Director at Human Rights Watch, explained to The Politic that Beijing's requirement that lawmakers properly recite an oath was not troubling on its own.
Rather, they said, “Our primary concern about the episode was actually that Beijing effectively weighed in before the courts of Hong Kong had even had a chance to hear the case properly.”
Rana Mitter, Professor of the History and Politics of Modern China at the University of Oxford, agreed.
“The bigger question, and the one that people will really look at with some interest,” they told The Politic, “is whether or not there is genuinely any eating away of the autonomy of Hong Kong's legislative and judicial procedures.”
“If foreign companies, or foreign residents, or indeed Chinese Hong Kong residents felt that there was actually going to be any kind of impairment to the currently accepted, rather rigorous, rule of law in Hong Kong, that could create problems for the future,” they continued.
The Basic Law constitution forms the basis of Hong Kong's identity, but after it expires in 2047, many of the freedoms Hong Kong residents have enjoyed are no longer assured. The question is what will happen once the fifty-year agreement ends.
In 2011, Danny Gittings, associate professor of constitutional law at Hong Kong University, wrote that there is “no reason necessarily to expect [Hong Kong in] 2047 to be any different [than Hong Kong] under the current system.” But now they call their own prediction “foolhardy.”
In the last several years, Gittings' views have become increasingly pessimistic. In their book Introduction to Hong Kong's Basic Law, Gittings writes that Hong Kong has moved from a period from 1997–2003 of “maximum autonomy” to one from 2003–2014 of “closer monitoring and cautious involvement” to currently one in which “the central government is more directly involved.”
“Some do believe that the ‘One Country, Two Systems' policy will not last until 2047,” they wrote, but they were careful to note that they do not agree with that claim.
Benny Tai, professor of law at Hong Kong University, thinks that change will come much earlier.
“I think a more important thing to look at is what may happen to China before 2047,” they said in an interview with The Politic. “There is a chance that long before 2047 in the coming years, major change may happen in China that the future of Hong Kong will inevitably link with that.”
“The most important thing we need to do in Hong Kong is to prepare for that moment, good or bad,” they said.
“I'd say the feeling of the citizens of Hong Kong was a combined sense of resolution and empowerment over China, and a sense of desperation and disappointment,” Hong Kong native Hana Davis ‘16 told The Politic.
In Hong Kong, they said, “I think there is a general sense of apprehension for 2047, and a feeling of hope – that perhaps, everyone's efforts won't be in vain and that something beneficial to Hong Kong's democracy will come.”
“I think that if nothing changes, 2047 will mark China's tightened grip on the chain it binds Hong Kong with. Hong Kong will cease to be legally separate. Although the ‘One Country, Two Systems' system may remain,” Davis said, “[Hong Kong] will definitely be under total control and censorship of China.”
Bush weighed the options for Hong Kong after 2047.
“You have to look at the consequences on one hand of keeping the Basic Law and trying to muddle through, or changing it so that the relationship between Hong Kong and the central government is tighter than it is now, which might create even more turbulence than they have now,” they explained.
Angus Fong ‘19 took part in the Umbrella Revolution. Like Davis, Fong believes Beijing is taking greater control of Hong Kong.
“Clearly China is tightening its grip on Hong Kong and we have less room for freedom, less ammunition to decide how we want to live our lives,” they told The Politic. “I suppose by 2047 it might just be another city in China.”
Fong added that part of protecting Hong Kong's autonomy means finding common ground with the Chinese government. “Right now we don't know for sure what will happen,” they said, “but it's all about using the awareness of what is going on and people starting to listen to each other and figuring out what we all want in common.”
Bush believes that the pro-democracy parties made some fatal errors several years ago that prevented them from achieving their legislative goals. They said the upcoming election for chief executive could have been “truly competitive” if pro-democracy forces had agreed with the Hong Kong government's election reform proposal in April of 2015.
“If the democratic side had been smart in who they picked as their possible candidate to run in the election, that person would have probably gotten through the process and named by the nominating committee as candidate,” they said.
“The radicals who had been in power due to some of Beijing's tactics wanted to stay in the driver's seat of the democratic camp and they basically intimated their moderate colleagues into opposing the proposal,” they continued.
As a result, Bush believes that the protesters may now “be opposing for the sake of opposing.”
Mitter emphasized the importance of compromise.
“Ideas of Hong Kong independence are not going to be feasible,” they said. “And therefore the importance of trying to find a way in which democracy can be preserved while working with Beijing is important.”
Fong said that most people in Hong Kong are not expecting full independence from China.
“China is economically dependent on Hong Kong, but Hong Kong is even more economically dependent on China,” they explained. They believe the protests are “less about full independence and more about sustaining our way of life.” They continued, “All this culture we have built so far, we don't want it to just go away.”
Despite the widespread pessimism, some efforts to preserve Hong Kong's culture have been successful.
“There have been examples in the last twenty years of protests having a positive effect in slowing what some people call ‘mainlandization,' preserving Hong Kong's differences,” Jeffrey Wasserstrom, Professor of History at University of California, Irvine, told The Politic.
They pointed to pro-democracy protests in 2003.
“There were plans for a new sort of laws on sedition, like the Patriot Act, that would try and control things in Hong Kong. Big protests led the Hong Kong authorities to table that,” they said. However, they added, “In the recent past though it does seem like protests have much more of an uphill battle.”
“You see a much more punitive response to certain kinds of response or protest,” Richardson agreed.
As a result, they said, “I think some of the kinds of activists or independent protesters now think twice about whether they are going to be surveilled or prosecuted, whether there is going to be a larger negative consequence for trying to exercise those rights.”
In addition to protests, foreign intervention is another method of pushing China to uphold Hong Kong's democracy.
Bush emphasized the importance of foreign diplomats in raising Hong Kong's democratic status in discussions with the Chinese.
“Instead of mentioning it tenth in the order of things or not mentioning it at all, they can mention it first or second and say, ‘Americans are going to be watching what you do in Hong Kong, so don't screw it up.” they said.
The anonymous Yale sophomore from China sees hope in the next generation to build understanding between Hong Kong and the mainland.
“I think that our generation may be more informed about Hong Kong's political situation because of more travel opportunities and the spread of the Internet,” they said.
Wasserstrom was dubious.
“I think sometimes we overestimate how much exposure to different kinds of information will necessarily alter views,” they said.
“There is a very strong influence of nationalistic propaganda, communication, and education on the mainland, that it takes a lot to unsettle some of those ideas,” they explained. “There is also the possibility of it just escalating into more of a misunderstanding between people on two sides of a divide.”
For protesters, the fight to keep Hong Kong's spirit alive is far from over.
“We continue to organize more Hong Kong people to fight for the autonomy of Hong Kong,” Joshua Wong, a leader of the Hong Kong pro-democracy party Demosisto said in an interview with The Politic.
As the twentieth anniversary of Hong Kong's handover to China approaches this year, Demosisto has a plan. Wong explained, “It's necessary for us to generate a huge strike through the civil disobedience and to let the Chinese government know that it's time to give Hong Kong people back democracy.”
Buy Photo Benny Taylor plays pickleball at the Pensacola Athletic Center in Pensacola on Monday, December 4, 2017, (Photo: Gregg Pachkowski/gregg@pnj.com)Buy Photo
When Pensacola Athletic Center owner Mark Downey took over the exercise business in January, they envisioned making some updates. That included adding some flair and new flavor to the popular west-side facility known mostly for its tennis, swimming and inside gym.
Replacing entrance signs, redoing landscaping and upgrading gym equipment was just the starting point at the new PAC.
They wanted to bring in more clientele, and to do so, they teamed with general manager Max Gutierrez, tennis director Will Morris and others to develop new exercise-friendly ideas.
That's when the suggestion of the popular game pickleball was introduced.
The PAC team found several members interested in trying the world's fastest growing sports. After consulting with other pickleball groups in the area, they built two lighted pickleball courts on the grounds, with hopes it would take off.
“We rolled out pickleball toward the end of June ... I had reached out to Mildred Hudson who handles the pickleball league over in Gulf Breeze and we wanted to figure out how we could bring pickleball over to the west side of Pensacola,” said Gutierrez, who is more on the business end of PAC than the instructional side, but still gets a kick out of playing. “We also had a gentleman who's building 56 pickleball courts in Foley, Alabama. They came out and met up with Mark and me, and we just wanted to bring pickelball into an area where it's not very popular.”
Just as they hoped, both members and non-members were eager to try something new, and took to the courts swinging.
“It was pretty neat," Gutierrez said. "What we did was find a core group of just four or five members that wanted to help us grow it, and they helped us quite a bit. They invited a lot of their friends, and we've really been growing.”
For those unfamiliar with the popular cardio-friendly sport for all ages, it's similar to tennis, but instead of strung racquets, players use paddles. There is a net, but the courts are much smaller.
“It's basically tennis, blended with ping-pong with volleyball rules,” Gutierrez said. “Like in volleyball, they play with side-out rules — you've got to say who's serving. It's pretty tricky, but I think having to say the score repeatedly, that just keeps you more engaged throughout the game."
On a weekly basis, PAC has between 20 and 30 people pick up a pickleball game — on a really good day, you may find 30 trying the sport, many for the first time. Surprisingly, they're not all tennis players.
“They're a few that are completely the most nonathletic people you'll ever come across, but hey, they've picked up on it pretty quick,” Gutierrez said. “It took them a couple of different times to come on out, but they've picked up on the hand-eye coordination thing pretty quick. I think it's a really easy game to pick up, if you have zero sports experience. It's a lot of fun, and we just try to keep it entertaining.”
Susan Arner is one member who has embraced pickleball at PAC. They and their husband Don are now both avid players, and they've been able to help recruit new ones as well.
“I had been wanting to play for a long time, but there were no courts or groups playing anywhere on the west side,” said Arner, who also plays ladies league tennis. “When PAC put in two courts, I got my husband, and two friends, Benny Taylor and Nancy Lopez, to come learn, and we've been playing twice a week ever since and getting more people to come out. Ours is a fun, social group that gets together on Monday and Thursday afternoons for a couple of hours.”
Josh Starbuck also sees pickleball as a fun, physical hobby. They picked up the game for the first time when PAC brought it on board.
“For me, it's a blast,” said Starbuck, who also plays tennis on Mondays and Wednesdays. “We get together on Tuesday nights and Thursday nights, depending on who is available, and we'll just go out there and play. With pickleball, I don't feel that it's as cardio-intensive as tennis, but the pace is a little bit faster. It takes a lot of hand-eye coordination, and is a pretty fun sport.”
Gutierrez believes the excitement pickleball has brought can only help the sport's growth in the area.
“I'm very impressed with the growth of pickleball — I didn't think it was going to grow as quick,” Gutierrez said. “Obviously, we want to get to 200-300 people. I think it's just going to keep growing, once people find out more and more about it.”
Pickleball courts are available for play during daily staffed hours of 8 a.m. to 10:30 p.m.
“Mondays and Thursdays are almost like a designated time to where several groups meet up and just all play with each other,” said Gutierrez, who added most pickleball players aren't PAC members. “But throughout the week, we still have it open to those who just want to go out and play for fun. The nice part about it is that it's both men and women, so it's not just a bunch of guys out there.”
Mac Knefely is a freelance writer for the News Journal.
Want to play?
Group pickleball games at the Pensacola Athletic Center are usually on Mondays and Thursdays. Those 40 and older play at 4 p.m., and those younger than 40 begin at 6 p.m.
The cost for non-members to play is $3.
How to take full advantage and benefit from the last part of Ramadan? Though all parts of Ramadan are full of…
Fatihu Beita No comments
Megan Kleist (22) throws to first base for an out. The No. 5 Oregon Ducks host the Utah Valley Wolverines at Jane Sanders Stadium in Eugene, Ore. on May 3, 2016. (Samuel Marshall/Emerald)
Who will replace All-American Cheridan Hawkins in the pitcher's circle?
Oregon softball's program is in the midst of a remarkable run. The Ducks have reeled off four consecutive Pac-12 titles while advancing to the Women's College World Series in two of those seasons.
Coincidentally, Oregon's championship run began when pitcher Cheridan Hawkins stepped onto campus. Hawkins, a three-time Pac-12 pitcher of the year and two-time all-American, graduated last spring. Now Oregon must be dominant stats, which were 24 wins and 174 innings last year
The fight to replace Hawkins' innings' comes down to a two-person battle: freshmen Miranda Elish and Maggie Balint.
“The both of them (Elish and Balint) are two of the most competitive pitchers I've been around,” Oregon head coach Mike White said. “And they're really going to push each other more than we could push them.”
Elish enrolled at Oregon as the more-touted high school player. She's the consensus No. 1 recruit in the nation — from Crown Point, Indiana — and went 15-2 as a senior in high school with a 0.41 ERA.
She's a dominant type of pitcher who likes to throw the ball hard with a lot of north-south movement.
“Miranda throws very hard and we've really worked on their rise ball, getting true spin on it because at that level (high school), they used to just throw it by people,” White said. “We've worked on a couple different speeds — a cut-drop ball. She's really excited and I think they just can't wait to get out there.”
Battling Elish for the innings is Balint, the No. 4 recruit in the nation. From West Grove, Pennsylvania, Balint is a three-time state player of the year — same as Elish. As a senior, they went 24-4 with a 0.52 ERA but didn't really come onto softball's recruiting radar till later in their high school career.
Balint differs from Elish in the fact that she's more of a east-west type of pitcher, relying on craftiness rather than speed to record outs.
“Maggie has been a good surprise. … They really moves the ball east to west and dominates that way,” White said. “She has the screwball-curveball combination going on, so it'll be very interesting to see how they do.”
Elish and Balint both saw their first action in Oregon uniforms when the Ducks competed in the Kajikawa Classic.
Balint was the star of the weekend, going 4-0 with a team-leading 19.2 innings pitched. Although they gave up a total of six runs, only one of them was earned. They also struck out 33 of the 79 batters they faced and finished with a 0.36 ERA.
Likewise, Elish struggled out of the gate. Although they went 1-0, they allowed six runs in nine innings. Even with the mixed results, White expects Elish to play a big role as the season progresses.
With sophomore Megan Kleist also expected to pick up more than their 127.2 inning thrown last year, it would seem the Ducks are going with a three-headed monster to help replace the departed Hawkins.
“I think we all complement each other really well,” Elish said. “We're similar pitchers but we're all different so more than anything, I'm more excited to just pitch with them.”
White said each pitcher bring something original to the circle.
“They're very competitive,” White said. “The three M's we call them; Maggie, Miranda and Megan. Each one brings something a little different to the table that will make it difficult for our opponents.”
Follow Ryan Kostecka on Twitter @Ryan_Kostecka
Comments
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders fans were left stunned after it was revealed Max Branning's mystery bride is the sister of their ex-wife.
The car lot boss. played by Jake Wood, returned to Albert Square in Tuesday's episode to reveal to their neighbours that they have a new wife.
After gathering them all in Melanie Owen's nightclub, they were joined by drug addict Rainie Cross, played by Tanya Franks, who is the sister of Tanya Branning.
They revealed themselves at the end of the episode as they stopped Kat Slater (Jessie Wallace) from slapping Max.
Viewers were horrified by the reveal, with one writing: "Rainie??? Firstly how? Lately why??? Please do explain Max. This should be interesting.."
Another wrote: "Ohhh snap!! Why am I still shocked at how far max can go?! Rainie....really??!! Was NOT expecting that."
Another fan said: "Can't believe Max married Rainie my head hurts," as one more said: "I can't be the only one who just shouted at the tv Nooooo. Make can't get any crazier."
EastEnders continues on BBC One on Thursday at 7.30pm.
Algerian international midfielder Sofiane Feghouli has agreed to join Turkish side Galatasaray from West Ham United on a five-year deal, the Istanbul club said Monday.
Galatasaray will pay West Ham a transfer fee of 4.25 million euros ($5 million) while the player will receive an annual wage of 3.85 million euros plus bonuses, the club said in an announcement to the stock market.
Feghouli, 27, who arrived in Istanbul late on Sunday, is expected to be formally introduced to fans on Tuesday.
Galatasaray are seeking to regroup after finishing fourth in the domestic Super Lig last season, well behind champions and Istanbul rivals Besiktas.
For the new season, the club have already signed French international striker Bafetimbi Gomis, Moroccan international midfielder Younes Belhanda and Brazilian midfielder Fernando.
But Croatian coach Igor Tudor still has to convince fans they are the man for the job.
Galatasaray's season started in the worst possible way with the side knocked out by Swedish outfit Ostersund in the the Europa League second qualifying round.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn told their MPs this week: “We are now a government in waiting”.
Speaking to the Parliamentary Labour Party in a House of Commons committee room on Tuesday night, they said: “This was a remarkable result achieved because we stayed united and worked as a team, and I have no doubt together we can win the next general election, whenever that may be.”
Many Labour supporters appear to be equally delighted with the result of last week's general election .
But Labour didn't do as well as they think.
Was the election a disaster for the Conservatives?
(Photo: Stefan Rousseau/PA Wire)
The Conservatives lost 13 seats, taking them down from 330 to 317.
And it meant they no longer had a majority of seats in the House of Commons.
So it was a terrible result for them. And given that many people expected Theresa May to increase their majority significantly, it's reasonable to call it a disaster.
But the Tories aren't finished.
Theresa May's party won 42.4% of the vote in the June 8 general election.
That's significantly higher than the 36.9% David Cameron won in 2015, when they gained a majority in what was seen as an historic success for the Tories.
It's a higher share of the vote than Tony Blair's Labour Party received in the 2001 general election, in a landslide victory, and higher than Labour received in their victory in 2005.
Theresa May also got a higher share of the vote than former Conservative leader John Major received in 1992, an election the Tories won, or than Margaret Thatcher received in their 1987 election win.
You have to go back to 1983 to find a general election in which Conservatives got a higher share of the vote. If you measure it that way, Mrs May is the most successful Conservative leader for 34 years.
Of course, this is the wrong way to measure success. What counts in the British political system is how many seats you win, and the Tory seat numbers went down.
Mrs May failed. It's just not as bad as it might appear.
Didn't the Tories get a massive boost from the collapse of the smaller parties?
(Photo: Victoria Jones/PA Wire)
Some people might argue that the Conservative vote share is up because smaller parties, such as the Liberal Democrats and UKIP, did badly in this election.
The first answer to that is, so what? Every party, in every election, is affected by the performance of their rivals.
But there are two further points.
First, the only general election in which UKIP received a significant share of the vote is the last one, in 2015.
That's the anomaly. As far as UKIP is concerned, the results of last week's election just means things are back to normal.
It's true that the Lib Dem share of the vote last week was relatively low, at 7.4%. That's in line with 2015, when the Lib Dems gained 7.9% of the vote, but it's still a bad result for them (before 2015, the last time the Lib Dems or their predecessors fell below 15 per cent of the vote was 1979).
However, when the Lib Dems do well, it's usually seen as a problem for Labour rather than the Tories. Historically, a strong Liberal Democrat vote, or before that a strong vote for the Liberal/SDP Alliance, was regarded as a split on the left and something that should actually help the Conservatives.
The Lib Dem decision to join a Conservative-led Coalition from 2010 to 2015 may have tarnished their left-wing credentials,
But that Coalition is also the reason their vote fell so sharply, suggesting much of their support did indeed come from the left. There's no reason why a fall in the Lib Dem vote should help Theresa May.
Wasn't this a triumph for Jeremy Corbyn?
(Photo: Jack Taylor/Getty Images)
If the measure of success is proving many Labour MPs and journalists wrong then it was a huge triumph.
If the aim of the Labour Party is to change the country by winning an election - allowing it, for example, to abolish the bedroom tax or give nurses a pay rise - then no.
Labour's share of the vote was high, at 40.0%. And just as the Conservative vote of 42.2% shows the Tories “aren't finished” and the result “wasn't as bad as it might appear”, as noted above, so it would be wrong to claim that the Labour party is finished, if anyone was saying that.
But against a terrible Conservative campaign, Labour not only came second in share of the vote but won just 262 seats, nowhere close to a majority.
One might argue that Labour deserves to be judged not on the final result, but on how much progress it made compared to the last election.
Labour gained 30 seats.
When Michael Howard was leader of the Conservative Party in the 2005 general election, an election the Conservatives clearly lost, the Tories gained 33 seats.
Mr Howard then resigned to let a new leader take over.
Parties do make comebacks in British politics. It's not that unusual. It's how governments change.
In 2010, for example, when Labour lost power and the Tories gained power as leaders of a Coalition government, it was because the Conservatives came back from behind and gained 97 seats.
And in 1997, when Conservatives lost power and Labour gained it, Labour gained 145 seats.
Gaining 30 seats under Jeremy Corbyn's leadership in last week's election is not the same as getting close to winning. It's more than enough to prove their critics wrong, but the question is how much that really matters in the long run. You still have a Tory government.
So you're saying this was a triumph for Theresa May?
(Photo: Stefan Rousseau/PA Wire)
No, it was a disaster for Theresa May, and pretty good for Jeremy Corbyn.
It just wasn't half as bad for her, or as good for him, as some people seem to believe.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A fast-growing multi-media movement born out of a critically-acclaimed concept album by an East Staffordshire band is set to host its first "festival of music and ideas".
Rock band Star from Ivy will headline the show at the National Brewery Centre, in their native Burton, on a mouth-watering bill which also features singer-songwriters Andy Crowe and Emma Buckley.
Alongside the music, live podcasts - including discussions with author and journalist Sarah Lay - will be broadcast from the Horninglow Street venue on Friday, June 22.
All profits will go to mental health charity MIND - and will be doubled by Circularity supporter and utilities giant Utility Warehouse.
Star From Ivy frontman Chris Baldwin, who co-founded the Circularity movement, explained what it was all about.
They said: "The online community Circularity grew out of the album, which was released in 2015. Each song on the album links to an area of modern life and was available as 'open source', meaning anyone could take the music and re-mix or re-use it in their own creative projects rights-free.
"Far from being a marketing ploy – and taking in themes from mental health to sustainable living, from the expanse of our universe to finding happiness – Circularity developed from its musical beginnings into a podcast, an online sharing and learning resource and a vibrant community.
"I'm just blown away by the growing support for our project. People are taking our seed of an idea and are growing and cultivating their own amazing concepts for change. I'm very excited about the future, and I hope people invest their time in coming to our first event."
David Edwards, manager of the National Brewery Centre, said: "As a local venue we feel very proud and privileged to be supporting such an important event.
"The Circularity project and its message will impact people in different ways, it has so many branches and that's what struck a chord with me; the opportunity to help plant a seed of change but let people grow it for themselves."
Early bird tickets for the festival are available for £7 online at https://www.skiddle.com/whats-on/Derby/The-National-Brewery-Centre/Circularity-Festival-1/13182669/
More about the other musicians performing at Circularity Festival
(Image: Burton Mail)
Andy Crowe is a songwriter from Burton and former frontman of rock and roll bands Swift Flasby and Exile84. They started a solo project in 2016, with the plan to record a solo acoustic album.
Work began on getting an EP recorded with producer Dan Gallagher. Early into the project the realisation that the songs could become something a lot bigger than first anticipated hit home.
This got them thinking they could get session musicians in and give it a real full band feel. With Dan taking up bass, lead guitarist Dan Baker and drummer Huw Griffiths joined the project and the band Andy Crowe & The Eisen Brothers was formed.
The first EP, named Session One, was recorded in September 2016 at Fox Den Studios in Sheffield and consisted of three tracks - Walking Man, Hot Princess and Back In My Arms.
Early 2017 was then spent gigging as much as possible, both acoustically solo and with the band. During this period, a lot of time was spent working on new tracks to be recorded later in the year.
In May 2017 the band headed back up to Fox Den Studios to continue work on the album and recorded three more tracks - Turned me Around, Took This Heart and Let Your Eyes See. 2018 started with a single and video release of Turned Me Around in March.
Emma Buckley is a singer-songwriter whose work has featured on national news and radio, including BBC Introducing for London and the East Midlands.
Born in Derby and raised on a staple diet of James Taylor, Bob Dylan, and Bonnie Raitt, Emma has honed and mastered a writing style that carries the depth and experience of a soul much older and wiser than their own.
Them debut solo EP, Don't Tell Me, is a collection of perfectly-crafted and very mature acoustic pop songs, with earworm choruses and stunning lyrics.
Whilst studying at Paul McCartney's Liverpool Institute for Performing Arts, they wrote with and fronted pop-indie-rock band Ruby Sky - and much of this style has carried into their solo work.
Following their success in Nashville's Bluebird to Bluecoat songwriting competition, they continued to amaze audiences on their UK headline tour with Sweden's Charlotte Eriksson and went on to support folk-pop artist Lucy Spraggan.
Others spend hours on production to come up with their respective masterpieces, but Emma just picks up their guitar, sings with that haunting, soulful voice and we are directly transported to their world.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — Cristiano Ronaldo was banned for five games on Monday after shoving a referee following their red card for diving in Real Madrid's 3-1 win over Barcelona in the season-opening Spanish Super Cup.
Ronaldo was suspended for one game for the red card in Sunday's Super Cup first leg at Barcelona, and four games for pushing referee Ricardo de Burgos Bengoetxea in the back, the Spanish football federation said.
Ronaldo will miss Wednesday's return leg of the Super Cup in Madrid plus the first four matches of the Spanish league season.
Madrid opens the league on Sunday at Deportivo La Coruna. Its next three matches after that are against Valencia, promoted Levante, and at Real Sociedad.
Ronaldo and Madrid have 10 days to appeal the federation's ruling.
Still regaining peak fitness after an extended summer vacation, Ronaldo began the Super Cup match on the bench, and came on in the 58th minute.
They scored with a long-range strike to put Madrid 2-1 up moments after Lionel Messi had equalized for Barcelona from the penalty spot.
But Ronaldo's goal celebration — when they took their shirt off and flexed their muscles — earned them a yellow card.
Two minutes later, they charged into the area and collided with Barcelona defender Samuel Umtiti. Ronaldo went down hoping for a penalty. Instead, referee De Burgos Bengoetxea showed Ronaldo a second yellow for diving and sent them off.
Ronaldo raised their arms in disbelief before they stepped up to De Burgos and shoved them in the back with their right hand.
The federation ruling said that Ronaldo's shove violated article 96 of its disciplinary code, which states that “light aggressions” defined as “pulling, pushing and shaking” of a referee are punished by suspensions of 4-12 matches.
The federation also fined Ronaldo 3,005 euros ($3,500) and Madrid 1,400 euros ($1,650) for the shove, and another 600 euros ($705) for the player and 350 euros ($412) for the club for simulating a foul.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A Manhattan grand jury voted Wednesday to indict disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein on rape and sex crime charges, prosecutors announced.
The move is the next step in efforts by New York prosecutors to bring the former Tinseltown powerbroker to trial for alleged sex crimes.
They were initially charged last week in what was hailed a landmark for the #MeToo movement, nearly eight months after their career imploded in a blaze of accusations of misconduct.
“This indictment brings the defendant another step closer to accountability for the crimes of violence with which they are now charged,” Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance said Wednesday.
“Our office will try this case not in the press, but in the courtroom where it belongs,” added Vance, who has been criticized for failing to prosecute Weinstein in a separate case three years ago.
“This investigation remains active and ongoing. We continue to urge additional survivors and others with relevant information to call us,” they added.
Weinstein's defense attorney announced earlier Wednesday that their client would “follow the advice of their attorneys” and not testify before the grand jury, accusing Vance's office of bowing to political pressure.
The 66-year-old twice-married father of five has been charged with rape in the first and third degrees, stemming from an attack on a woman in 2013, and a criminal sex act against another woman in 2004. Neither victim was named.
Their lawyer says the rape allegation involves a woman with whom Weinstein “shared a 10-year consensual sexual relationship that continued for years” after the alleged 2013 incident.
Brafman also claimed that an indictment was “inevitable due to the unfair political pressure being placed on Cy Vance to secure a conviction.”
“The defendant's recent assault on the integrity of the survivors and the legal process is predictable. We are confident that when the jury hears the evidence, it will reject these attacks out of hand,” hit back Vance.
The former movie mogul posted bail at $1 million cash, surrendered their passport and has been fitted with a GPS monitoring device.
Their career went down in flames in October over sexual assault allegations following explosive articles in The New York Times and New Yorker, which sparked a sexual harassment reckoning across the United States, in multiple industries.
AFP
Water from Lake Nacimiento is sent to the Salinas Valley, where it recharges the aquifers that supply an area of farms along Highway 101 that grow so many vegetables it's known as "America's Salad Bowl."
By Emmanuel Aziken, Political Editor
LAGOS— Permutations by high-level stakeholders opposed to a second term for President Muhammadu Buhari have gravitated towards three North-West politicians, Governor Aminu Waziri Tambuwal, Senator Rabiu Kwankwanso and former minister of special duties, Turaki Tanimu.
While Governor Tambuwal and Senator Kwankwanso have for long been on the radar, Vanguard has learned of increasing gravitation towards Tanimu by high-level stakeholders who see them as lacking the kind of baggage dogging others, including Tambuwal and Kwakwanso.
Despite reports that some influential generals, who had played similar roles in the past, had endorsed him, Vanguard learned that former president, Chief Olusegun Obasanjo is, however, drawing back, having apparently stuck their neck out for Senator Kwankwanso. Among those said to have endorsed them are also several emirs who were said to have also been moved by an influential North-West traditional ruler.
“Obasanjo has been briefed on him, but they are holding back,” a source privy to the development told Vanguard. An associate of Obasanjo's did not hide the former president's preference for Kwankwanso.
“Even the manner of their (Tanimu's) entry into the contest inspires suggestions of some high-level influence pushing their candidacy,” another source privy to the development said. Tanimu's original aspiration was to be governor of Kebbi State, a source close to them told Vanguard.
“But you know that Shehu Shagari's original aspiration was to be a senator, but the principalities were able to nudge them towards the presidency, and that is the same pattern we see with Tanimu,” a Northern Nigeria-based political player who is already enmeshed in the Tanimu campaign told Vanguard.
Obasanjo's determination on Kwankwanso, a source close to them told Vanguard is not just based on the long-running political association between the former president and the former Kano governor who also served as a minister in the Obasanjo administration between 2003 and 2007.
“Kwankwanso is someone like Buhari, a northern irredentist who will appeal to the same political base as Buhari and that is one reason counting for him,” an Obasanjo ally said.
Besides the association with Obasanjo, also counting for Kwankwanso is the extensive political machine they have been able to build since their last days as governor of Kano State.
The governor-turned-senator, despite being out of Government House has been able to sustain their political structure across the country, holding regular meetings with political co-ordinators in many of the states.
Those fronting Kwankwanso, Vanguard gathered, believe that unlike Buhari, their irredentist inclinations could be better managed given that their views are not new to political stakeholders.
“We know him, and the worst of them is not worse than Buhari; they are well educated, and going into the presidency we can be better prepared to get our agreements with them better than those who burnt their fingers with Buhari,” a Southern politician involved in the Kwankwanso arrangement told Vanguard.
Whatever momentum Kwankwanso had, Vanguard gathered may have been derailed with the entry of Tanimu into the contest at the instance of former PDP ministers and some former governors. The Tanimu aspiration, it was gathered, has been successfully taken in by former President Goodluck Jonathan and at least two former military leaders from the Middle Belt and the Northern establishment.
“Tanimu is the dark horse,” one of their canvassers said as they pointed out that the Buhari administration has not been able to link them with any of the alleged corruption acts that has been traced to several aspiring presidential aspirants.
“Tanimu, despite being the minister from Kebbi State did not collect the election money for the state as it was left for a former national officer from the state,” the canvasser said, adding that pressure by the Buhari administration on other PDP presidential aspirants will amount to nothing in the case of Tanimu.
The momentum for Tanimu has inevitably put canvassers for Tambuwal at odds. Governor Tambuwal with a nationwide support base consisting of mostly former and serving members of the House of Representatives was the face of many who believed in a young and dynamic northern politician to confront Buhari.
However, their past political infidelity has bothered some, especially some die-hard PDP enthusiasts.
“How can we empower the man that helped drive us from power?” one PDP enthusiast queried.
Police have cordoned off part of Strathfield Walk and Langley Road in Wolverhampton following a stabbing incident last night at around 11pm.
Ambulance bosses have confirmed a 15-year-old boy has died in the incident.
West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesperson said: “Crews arrived to find a 15-year-old boy with serious injuries. The team of ambulance staff worked quickly to begin administering advanced life support to them at the scene and this continued as they were transferred to New Cross Hospital.
“Sadly, shortly after arrival at hospital it became apparent nothing could be done to save them and they were confirmed deceased.”
West Midlands Police are appealing for anyone with information about this incident to call 101; quoting log number 3060 of 29/5/18.
Police tape, several officers and an officer's van is currently blocking off part of the residential area.
This is a breaking news story. We will be updating it.
Follow us on Twitter and Facebook for the latest news. We are also on Instagram.
If you are on the go, the Birmingham Live app helps bring you closer to the latest news where you live.
Available on iPhone and Android , the app can be tailor made to bring you the latest on what matters to you.
We hypothesized that drugs capable of reducing the ER stress caused by mutant forms of collagen X may be of use as potential treatments for MCDS. We therefore screened our MCDS cell culture model (HeLa cells transiently expressing the MCDS-causing N617K collagen X mutation) with a panel of compounds that act as chemical chaperones and/or relieve ER stress, including sodium phenylbutyrate (11), CBZ (10), tauroursodeoxycholic acid (11), glycerol (12), dimethyl suphoxide (13), verapamil (14), and quercetin (15). CBZ was the only compound tested that reduced the levels for each of the ER stress–induced mRNAs, BiP, CHOP, and spliced XBP1 (Supplemental Figure 1; supplemental material available online with this article; https://doi.org/10.1172/JCI93094DS1). Furthermore, CBZ was able to significantly reduce the mRNA levels for these genes in cells expressing 4 different MCDS-causing collagen X mutations (N617K, Y598D, G618V, and NC1del10; ref. 4) (Figure 1, A–C). For each of these mutations, the CBZ-induced reduction in ER stress was accompanied by significant reductions in the levels of intracellularly retained mutant collagen X protein (Figure 1, D and E). Next, we focused on the rates of degradation to explain the CBZ-induced reduction in mutant protein accumulation, since the drug did not affect cell viability, collagen X mRNA levels, or rates of general protein synthesis (Supplemental Figure 2, A–C). CBZ is a known stimulator of autophagy via mTOR-independent mechanisms (8), but has also been shown to stimulate degradation via proteasomal mechanisms (9). We tested the effects of both proteasomal (proteasome inhibitor II [PSII]) and autophagy (chloroquine [CQ]) inhibitors on the accumulation of mutant collagen X in the cell culture system in the presence and absence of CBZ. In the absence of CBZ, mutant collagen X accumulated over a 24-hour period (Figure 1, F–I, and Supplemental Figure 2D). For N617K and G618V, intracellular accumulation was enhanced by the proteasomal — but not by the autophagy — inhibitor, which was added for the final 8 hours of culture (Figure 1, F and G, and Supplemental Figure 2D). In contrast, the intracellular accumulation of NC1del10 and Y598D was enhanced by the autophagy — but not the proteasomal — inhibitor (Figure 1, H and I, and Supplemental Figure 2D). CBZ treatment reduced the intracellular accumulation of each mutant protein without altering its degradation pathway (Figure 1, F–I, and Supplemental Figure 2D) or its secretion into the medium (data not shown). CBZ was therefore able to stimulate the degradation of mutant collagen X by both autophagy and ER-associated degradation via the proteasome. The different pathways by which N617K/G618V compared with NC1del10/Y598D mutations were degraded presumably relate to their abilities to be resolved from a misfolded aggregate to a single polypeptide chain, with the latter being degraded via the proteasome and the aggregated forms of collagen by autophagy as described previously (16).
Figure 1 Effects of CBZ treatment on ER stress induced by 4 different MCDS-causing mutations in collagen X. (A) BiP, (B) CHOP, and (C) spliced XBP1 (sXBP1) mRNA (relative to β actin mRNA) in cells transiently expressing 1 of 4 mutant collagen X constructs and treated for 24 hours with CBZ (20 μM). Mean ± SEM (n = 4). UTF, untransfected control. (D) Western blot of intracellular collagen X (Col X) protein levels with and without 24-hour CBZ treatment and (E) quantification of 3 independent experiments (mean ± SEM). (F–I) Quantification of 3 independent Western blot experiments for intracellular N617K, G618V, Nc1del10, and Y598D collagen X protein levels (75 kD) in the presence or absence of 20 μM CBZ for 24 hours (see Supplemental Figure 2D for representative blots). Inhibitors of the proteasome (PSII) or lysosome (CQ) were added at 16 hours after transfection for a further 8 hours. Collagen is expressed relative to its GAPDH level and was normalized to the retained collagen X level at the 16-hour untreated time point. Mean ± SEM. *P < 0.05; **P < 0.005; ***P < 0.0005. All statistical analyses by ANOVA.
In order to examine the effects of CBZ in vivo, we treated MCDS mice with CBZ (250 mg/kg body weight/d) for 1 to 3 weeks. This dose level of CBZ in mice is equivalent to that routinely used in children to treat epilepsy and related disorders when species differences in drug dosage levels are taken into account (17). Mice dosed by gavage achieved a serum CBZ concentration of 4.4 μg/ml 2 hours after ingestion. Newborn MCDS pups treated from E10 by gavaging the pregnant dams displayed a 40% reduction in the expansion of the growth plate width seen in the untreated MCDS pups (P = 0.0001; Supplemental Figure 3). Untreated 3-week-old MCDS mice displayed the characteristic expansion in the width of the hypertrophic zone compared with WT mice. One week of CBZ treatment was sufficient to cause a significant reduction in the width of the hypertrophic zone compared with that in untreated MCDS controls (Figure 2, A and D), and this effect continued throughout the 3-week treatment period (Supplemental Figure 4). These data show that CBZ treatment is capable of reducing MCDS pathology, since it is already established that the degree of hypertrophic zone expansion positively correlates with disease severity (5, 6). CBZ treatment of WT mice had no effect on hypertrophic zone width (Supplemental Figure 5, A and B).
Figure 2 Effect of CBZ on the growth plate pathology associated with MCDS. Three-week-old MCDS mice were treated with CBZ for a period of 1 week. Untreated MCDS mice and mice WT for collagen X were used as controls. (A) H&E staining of the tibial growth plate and immunohistochemistry for (B) collagen X and (C) Bip/Grp78. Brackets indicate the hypertrophic zone. Scale bars: 100 μM. (D) Hypertrophic zone measurements at 4 weeks of age. Mean ± SEM. MCDS vs MCDS CBZ *P < 0.05. (E) Typical Western blots of rib growth plate cartilage extracts at 4 weeks of age for Bip and Atf4 alongside their Coomassie blue–stained protein loading control gel (F). (G and H) Quantification of BiP and Atf4 (n = 3 independent analyses). (I) X-ray images of pelvis illustrating the distortion of the ischial tuberosity in MCDS mice at 6 weeks of age. (J) The angle between the lines was measured for each group (mean ± SEM, n = 5). Bone growth expressed as percentage of increase based on length at 3 weeks of age in each animal for (K) tibia and (L) femur. Mean ± SEM. n = 6 MCDS mice and n = 7 MCDS CBZ-treated mice. *P < 0.05; **P < 0.005; ***P < 0.0005. All statistical analyses by ANOVA.
Immunohistochemical analysis of tibial growth plates revealed, as expected, that WT collagen X was secreted into the extracellular matrix surrounding the hypertrophic chondrocyte, whereas in MCDS mice, the mutant protein was retained intracellularly with delayed and reduced collagen X secretion in the lower half of the hypertrophic zone (Figure 2B) (6). The CBZ-induced degradation of misfolded protein described above accounts for the reduced level of intracellular collagen X with no overt increase in secreted collagen X observed in the CBZ-treated MCDS mice (Figure 2C and Supplemental Figure 4). CBZ had no effect on collagen X protein localization in WT mice (Supplemental Figure 5C). MCDS mice displayed a significant increase in immunostaining for Bip (Figure 2C) and in the protein levels of both Bip and Atf4 in growth-plate extracts (Figure 2E), clearly indicating elevated ER stress. CBZ treatment reduced Bip immunostaining in growth plates of MCDS mice (Figure 2C) and significantly reduced the levels of both Bip and Atf4 on Western blots (Figure 2, E–H). Therefore, CBZ treatment appears to reduce ER stress in the growth plate of MCDS mice by directly stimulating the proteolysis of mutant collagen X accumulating in the hypertrophic chondrocytes of MCDS mice.
One feature of the MCDS pathology in mice is the presence of hip dysplasia — characterized by an increase in the angle of deflection of the ischial tuberosity (6). Six-week-old WT mice had an average deflection of 7.7° compared with 31.6° in the untreated MCDS mice (Figure 2, I and J). CBZ treatment for 3 weeks reduced this deflection to 25.4°, illustrating that relatively short periods of CBZ treatment have the capacity to improve MCDS-associated skeletal dysplasia (Figure 2, I and J). In addition, 3 weeks of CBZ treatment resulted in significant increases in the rates of long bone growth (Figure 2, K and L). Three weeks of CBZ treatment promoted 1.25- and 1.44-fold increases in the lengths of tibial and femur bone growth, respectively, in MCDS mice (Figure 2, H and I; mean ± SEM [% increase in bone length over treatment period], tibia: untreated 25.6 ± 1.3 [n = 6] vs. CBZ 32.7 ± 1.6 [n = 7] P < 0.05; femur: untreated 27.8 ± 2.3 [n = 6] vs. CBZ 40.1 ± 2.0 [n = 7], P < 0.05). CBZ treatment did not cause a significant increase in bone growth rates in WT mice (Supplemental Figure 4, D and E).
The altered differentiation of hypertrophic chondrocytes caused by increased ER stress in MCDS (5, 6) is characterized by a disrupted pattern of collagen X gene expression, particularly in the lower half of the hypertrophic zone (Figure 3A), accompanied by a sporadic reexpression of collagen II mRNA (Figure 3B). CBZ treatment of MCDS mice reduced the disruption of collagen X and collagen II mRNA expression in the hypertrophic zone (Figure 3, A and B). In WT mice, the Opn and Mmp13 mRNAs are expressed in a coordinated fashion by the terminal hypertrophic chondrocytes immediately adjacent to the vascular invasion front, whereas in MCDS mice, coordination of differentiation is lost and cells autonomously express these terminal markers in the lower half of the expanded hypertrophic zone (Figure 3, C and D) (5, 6). CBZ treatment of MCDS mice caused Opn gene expression to become more focused at or close to the vascular invasion front (Figure 3C) and made Mmp13 gene expression indistinguishable from that of the WT controls (Figure 3D). In addition, CBZ treatment of MCDS mice not only partially corrected the reduced osteoclast recruitment to the vascular invasion front (Figure 3, E and F), but also improved cell hypertrophy, based on the height of the terminal hypertrophic chondrocytes (Figure 3G) (5, 6). These data clearly indicate that CBZ treatment improves the disrupted hypertrophic differentiation apparent in MCDS mice. The lack of effect in WT mice shows CBZ does not have obvious effects on normal physiological processes, as is also suggested by its long and successful clinical use for the treatment of other unrelated disorders.
Figure 3 Effect of CBZ on chondrocyte differentiation. MCDS mice were treated with CBZ for 1 week. In situ hybridization for (A) collagen X (Col10a1) mRNA, (B) collagen II (Col2a1) mRNA, (C) Opn mRNA (arrows), and (D) Mmp13 mRNA (arrows). (E) TRAP staining for osteoclasts (arrows). (F) Number of osteoclasts per mm of vascular invasion front. Mean ± SEM (n = 4). (G) Final height attained by hypertrophic chondrocytes adjacent to vascular invasion front. Scale bars: 100 μM. Mean ± SEM (n = 5). *P < 0.05; **P < 0.005; ***P < 0.0005. All statistical analyses by ANOVA. Yellow brackets show hypertrophic zone; dashed lines show vascular invasion front.
In summary, CBZ treatment stimulates the degradation of intracellularly retained MCDS-causing mutant forms of collagen X by either autophagy or proteasomal pathways, depending upon the nature of the particular mutation, reducing the level of ER stress both in vitro and in vivo. The CBZ-induced reduction in ER stress causes less disruption to the differentiation process in hypertrophic chondrocytes, leading to decreased skeletal dysplasia and increased bone growth rates. These data provide evidence for the CBZ-induced stimulation of intracellular proteolysis being a potential treatment strategy for reducing the clinical severity of MCDS, and based on the data presented herein, the drug has recently been licensed by the European Medicines Agency for this purpose (http://www.ema.europa.eu/ema/index.jsp?curl = pages/medicines/human/orphans/2016/11/human_orphan_001864.jsp&mid = WC0b01ac058001d12b). CBZ has the potential to act as a therapeutic agent for a broad range of human connective tissue diseases that involve ER stress resulting from the intracellular accumulation of a mutant structural protein.
ORCHARD PARK, N.Y. (AP) — The snow sure suits Shady.
LeSean McCoy scored on a 21-yard run with 1:33 left in overtime to secure the Buffalo Bills' 13-7 win over the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday in a wintry, white-out setting best suited for snow shoes and sled dogs.
Mush!
They finished with 156 yards rushing, a career-best in their two-plus seasons in Buffalo. And it came nearly four years to the day the former Philadelphia running back set the Eagles franchise record with 217 yards rushing, also in a snowstorm.
“Is that right?” McCoy said when reminded of their feat.
“This is probably the best snow game I have ever played in,” they said. “Now, I'm no expert at it. I just run how I feel. And that's what I did today.”
McCoy's touchdown led to the Bills' sideline erupting in celebration. Some players ran on the field to make snow angels . Others playfully engaged in snowball fights.
And then there was McCoy, who was mobbed by numerous teammates in the corner of the stands, where fans tossed up handfuls of snow as if it was confetti.
McCoy's touchdown capped Buffalo's second possession of overtime, and after receiver Deonte Thompson reached to their right to make a 35-yard catch while being interfered with by Kenny Moore.
Three plays later, facing third-and-2, McCoy burst through the middle, made a cut to their left and ran untouched into the end zone.
“Buffalo weather, right?” Bills coach Sean McDermott said. “I've been part of some wind and some rain games. I think we had all but sun today.”
There was even a dose of “thundersnow,” a meteorological event that occasionally accompanies lake-effect enhanced snowstorm. Thunder rumbled and lightning flashed early in the third quarter, but the game was not stopped.
As much as two feet of snow was in the forecast when the storm hit about 90 minutes before kickoff. Within an hour, the flakes fell so fast that fans sitting in New Era Field's east-end stands were unable to make out the large video scoreboard directly across from them.
Punted balls stuck in the snow. Colts receiver Chester Rogers disappeared into a snowbank in the end zone after being unable to stop on a deep pass from Jacoby Brissett. Rogers made the catch, but couldn't keep both feet inbounds.
A parade of stadium workers regularly made their way on the field with snow blowers on their backs to uncover the yard lines.
So much snow accumulated on the roof of the first-level suites that fans began building snowmen.
Mother Nature played havoc with any semblance of a game plan, leaving both teams to lean heavily on their running attacks.
McCoy upped their season total to 1,007 in reaching the 1,000-yard mark for the sixth time of their 13-year career.
The Colts were led by Frank Gore, who finished with 130 yards rushing on a career-high 36 carries.
Buffalo (7-6) stayed alive in the AFC playoff picture, while the Colts (3-10) were mathematically eliminated from playoff contention.
“Tough one to say the least. I'm so disappointed and sick for these guys,” Colts coach Chuck Pagano said.
After squandering double-digit leads in the second half four times already this season, the Colts found a different way to blow an outcome.
First, there was an offensive pass interference penalty against Colts receiver Kamar Aiken to negate what would've been a two-point conversion with 1:16 left. It happened after Brissett capped a 19-play, 77-yard march with a 3-yard touchdown to Jack Doyle.
That led to the Colts scrambling to settle for a 43-yard extra point into the wind. Indianapolis used its final timeout for players to clear a spot for Adam Vinatieri.
The NFL's oldest player hit a 43-yard wobbler that hooked in from the right and just sneaked over the crossbar.
Vinatieri, however, missed a field-goal wide left from the exact same spot with 1 second remaining after the Colts regained possession when Matthias Farley intercepted Webb's pass over the middle with 52 seconds left.
Pagano blamed themselves for the missed field goal.
“End of the game, that's on me. We should've won that thing,” Pagano said. “They deserve better.”
QUARTERBACKS
Colts: Brissett went 11 of 22 for 69 yards and had three carries for 10 yards.
Bills: Rookie Nathan Peterman went 5 of 10 for 57 yards before being sidelined by a head injury late in the third quarter. Peterman started in place of Tyrod Taylor, who was sidelined by a bruised left knee in a 23-3 loss to New England last weekend. Webb finished 2 of 6 for 35 yards and an interception.
ON THE RUN
Gore finished with a career-high 36 carries for 130 yards. It was their first 100-yard game in 15 outings, since gaining 101 yards in a 34-6 win at Miami on Dec. 12.
It was also Gore's 42nd career 100-yard game, tying them with O.J. Simpson for 16th on the NFL list.
The 97 combined rushing attempts were the most in an NFL game since the Chiefs and Bears combined for 100 attempts in Week 10 of the 1981 season.
UP NEXT
Colts: Host Denver Broncos on Thursday night.
Bills: Close out home schedule hosting Miami Dolphins on Dec. 17.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Now that the regular season is down to the final two weeks, it's clear that some area boys' basketball teams have proven themselves as serious championship contenders.
Those teams that win their league titles can earn one of the top three seeds in their divisions and are worthy of at least two home games in the playoffs.
Behind those, and other teams, are the players themselves. Whether they are dynamic duos, terrific trios or leaders who can take a team on their shoulders, here is a list of high-performance players from the area in no particular order:
Carl Lewis (Lynwood): Lewis, a 6-foot-10-inch senior center/forward, is one of the state's most dominant players. Recently, they were named the Cal-Hi Sports Player of the Week after scoring 52 and 51 points in consecutive games over Downey and Dominguez.
Jamal Hartwell, Ethan Anderson and Robert McRae (Fairfax): The core of a Fairfax (15-7) team that is carrying the Lions to another strong run toward the playoffs.
Kevin Ebiriekwe and Dominique Winbush (Crenshaw): Both are major parts of a deep Crenshaw (21-6) unit that is on the brink of the Coliseum League title and a possible L. A. City Section Open Division berth.
Maurice Tutt and Jordan Brinson, (Westchester): Both help make Westchester (21-4) a possible guaranteed City Section Open Division selection.
Amound Anderson, John Clausell and Bryan Mex (Leuzinger): They are the straws that stir a Leuzinger (14-7) team that is battling Torrance for the Pioneer League title.
Roy Clarke, Carey Page, Chris Page and Tobias Felton (Fremont): All four standouts are helping Fremont (19-7) get stronger in each game. Remarkably, Felton is the only senior on a talent-laden balanced team.
Ali Betts, Reese Dixon, Chris Bradford, Damian McDowell and Jay'len Carter (Dorsey): They're not a singing group, but this Dorsey (11-13) quintet pitches in a strong team effort in a tough league with Crenshaw, View Park, Fremont and Manual Arts.
Wayne Arnold, Brenton Woods and Devin Garcia, (Dominguez): This triple-threat group leads the Dons (16-6) as they clash with Lynwood for the San Gabriel Valley League title.
Bilal Mike, Noel Scott, Carl Adams, Hassan Hughey and Hansen Clarke (Washington Prep): One of the top guard/forward combinations in the state, the Generals (16-8) are battling Narbonne for first place in the tough Marine League.
Alex Akins, Kendall Collins, Christopher Smith, Brandon Crenshaw and Montana Craig, (Inglewood): Making sure Inglewood (13-8) hasn't lost a step despite coaching change earlier this season, this group is a major reason why the Sentinels are in second place behind Redondo Union in the Bay League.
Tevian Jones, Cyrus Johnson, Keith Dinwiddie and Tsalta Wainwright, (Culver City): All four are the main keys to the Centaurs' engine, as Culver City (13-8) tries to stave off Beverly Hills and Santa Monica to remain atop of the tough Ocean League.
EMBED >More News Videos We all know Bay Area roads can get a little crazy in the rain. Here are some tips on how to stay safe.
It will be a wet week across the Bay Area and the Golden State as an Atmospheric River event gets underway.An Atmospheric River, or "AR", event is a narrow band of heavy rain less than 200 miles wide, which brings significant rainfall to an area.Later this week it looks like this AR will have it's sight set on Southern California. There is high concern for Debris Flows in that region, especially over the Thomas Fire burn scar in Ventura and Santa Barbara county. Not only rain but significant snow is coming to the Sierra where feet of fresh powder will arrive by the end of the week.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A derelict spot in Birmingham city centre is set to be transformed into a plush new apartment block in a £125 million development.
City firm Court Collaboration has taken over the Holloway Head scheme, close to the giant Radisson Blu tower, and wants to start work on up to 487 apartments by next year.
New plans for the 17-storey scheme, drawn up by architect Corstorphine + Wright, also include ground floor shops as well as a gym and rooftop gardens for residents.
The plot has lain vacant for more than 25 years but, after agreeing a deal to buy it from Panther Securities, Court Collaboration's founder Anthony McCourt says it has a bright future.
Panther has long been planning to regenerate the run-down spot, which is also home to Girlguide Birmingham, and it was once going to have a hotel and casino before taking a new direction two years ago to become residential.
Around 20 separate planning applications have been lodged for the site since the 1990s.
(Photo: Pic: Corstorphine Wright Architects)
The development is a stone's throw away from the most expensive apartment ever sold in the city centre - the £1.8 million penthouse at Concord House - and Mr McCourt said the area was becoming a more attractive place to live.
They said: "With Grand Central, the improvements to the Mailbox and the wider transformation of Birmingham city centre, Holloway Head is an in-demand location. We have something really special planned.
"This area is going to improve and improve and we're thrilled to be a part of that. This shows our confidence in what is happening in the city.
"Things like the Curzon Street HS2 regeneration and the Smithfield scheme at the wholesale markets site are already transforming the city centre as a place to work and live and we are prepared to take risks and invest on the back of that vision.
"We are here in Birmingham seeing things happen in front of our eyes - you can't do that from an office in north London."
Hertfordshire-based investor Panther Securities worked to get the scheme, at 49-51 Holloway Head, off the ground from 1990 but it resulted in the recent £11 million sale.
Mr McCourt thinks everything is in place to make a success of what they call the "Leabank Quarter" near Holloway Head.
(Photo: Pic: Corstorphine + Wright Architects)
They point to the nearby Concord House scheme in a former Debenhams warehouse as evidence of people willing to live in this area.
It will see the long-awaited rebirth of the derelict 1.3 acre brownfield site which is central to the regeneration of that corner of the city.
Mr McCourt said they expected to see interest from young professionals on the back of hundreds of jobs moving to Birmingham with the likes of HSBC and HS2 relocating here.
Hundreds of jobs will be created in the construction phase.
The apartments will be sold through Court Living - a new arm of the Colmore Row-based firm which will deal directly with the market.
A yet-to-be identified 27 year-old Nigerian is awaiting extradition by Poland to the United States over an estimated $7m cybercrime.
The Nigerian was arrested by Poland's police in the southwestern city of Wroclaw in connection with alleged cyberfraud and extortion done over the internet.
The Police Central Bureau of Investigation said in a communique Wednesday that the Nigerian was nabbed as a result of cooperation with the FBI and Interpol, which had circulated a warrant for him.
The police raid took them by surprise, the communique said.
The man is suspected of banking fraud, extortion and theft of online banking access data.
3:01
Town hall asks Rep. Chaffetz 'what is your line in the sand?' regarding Trump
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jack Grealish has hailed manager Steve Bruce for handing them the keys to Aston Villa's promotion dream.
Bruce has built the current Villa side around the creative No.10 and Grealish lists their current boss as one of three who have trusted them during their fledgling career.
Since making the breakthrough at Villa as an 18-year-old Grealish has worked under Paul Lambert, Tim Sherwood, Remi Garde, Robert Di Matteo and Bruce.
But he's only played regularly under three of those during their time playing for the club they supported as a boy.
During an interview with the Telegraph, Grealish said: “I feel I'm definitely in the best form of my career. I'll be honest, in my career I feel like I haven't been given enough runs of games. I'd play one decent game and then chucked out the team.
“I've also had eight managers in four years, if you include [England under-21s head coach] Aidy Boothroyd and Shaun Derry during my loan at Notts County. That's ridiculous really. It's not an excuse but it does affect you. I think only three managers have trusted me, [Tim] Sherwood, [Roberto] Di Matteo and Bruce.
“It's been my best season and I've been the most consistent. People think I'm a No.10 but my favourite position is playing on the left of a three.”
Before Grealish's freak kidney injury in Villa's final pre-season game against Watford, Bruce had planned to build the team around him.
Those plans were put on hold for three months while Grealish recovered but he's been on fire since their return.
He's been so good, in fact, Bruce recently compared them to the legendary Paul Gascoigne and labelled the 22-year-old ‘the best player in the Championship'.
“That was great to hear but I didn't feel any pressure with it at all,” said Grealish. “It gives me a lift and I know the manager is a truthful guy and wouldn't have just said it. To be mentioned in the same sentence as Gazza was unbelievable in itself, though I know I'm nowhere near that level yet.
“The gaffer said in pre-season they wanted to build the team around me and that's what you like to hear. To have that belief and trust is massive. I want to repay them by getting Villa promoted.”
More Villa news
John Terry insists Aston Villa will bounce back from their 'disappointing' defeats against Bolton and QPR, and admits the promotion push is still on.
The skipper was frustrated to lose ground on the top two as Villa slumped to back-to-back losses at bottom-half opponents.
With Cardiff's game at Derby County postponed due to adverse weather conditions, the gap between Villa and second-place remains seven points.
Time is running out and leaders Wolves are now out of touch with a 13-point advantage but Terry isn't giving up.
"After a great run, the last two results have been really disappointing," they posted on Instagram.
"Unbelievable support yet again from the 4,324 supporters that travelled to Bolton in horrendous conditions to support the boys.
"I know we will bounce back from this and push for promotion which has always been our aim from day one."
Get Black Country updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The year is 1962. The place is London. The time is around midday when I get to glancing through the glossy pages of the The Telegraph weekend colour supplement.
The next few moments are frozen in time. Transfixed, by several pages of striking, evocative photographs capturing life in the Black Country.
Born in York, educated at York School of Art and relocated to London to work in advertising, had you asked me where the Black Country was, my answer would have been a blank stare.
Such was the impact of the vivid, graphic images, fifty-five years later, I am able to describe several of the 1960s industrial landscapes and street scenes caught by the photographer. Their name is Peter Donnelly.
Their extraordinary creative eye framed dramatic Black Country scenes and skylines; local folk at work in steelworks; flaming foundries in full flow; grimy railway sidings, kids playing football in paved streets and working narrow boats navigating oil stained canals.
(Image: Simon Donnelly)
Unbeknown they were recording history in the making. The result presented them with an award of repute. The lad who adopted the Black Country as their home, had won The Daily Telegraph photography competition for the year 1962 and along with it national recognition, with their pictures published in the newspaper's weekly colour supplement.
A few years later, destiny would allow me to befriend the cameraman who precipitated my love of the Black Country.
Fast forward six years to 1968 and I was living and working in Birmingham. I'd moved to the West Midlands to join the advertising department of American car giant Chrysler which had just completed the acquisition of Rootes Group, famous at the time for manufacturing vehicles with the time honoured badges of Sunbeam, Hillman, Humber, Singer and commercial workhorses, Commer, Karrier and Tilling-Stevens.
From my office in the former Singer car factory, built in 1927, in Small Heath, Birmingham, an early priority was to hire creative marketing consultancies charged with the objective to beef up the corporate image of the newly formed Chrysler UK. Included in that search for fresh creative expertise was a company by the name of Donnelly Burns Davies.
How lucky was I to be able to meet and become mates with Peter Donnelly the photographer who years earlier, had captured the images which gave me an unforgettable pictorial vision of an area in Britain, which did not figure on any UK map?
(Image: Simon Donnelly)
In a BBC Midlands news programme, filmed around 2001, against a backdrop of Delph Locks, Peter recalls the scene as it was almost forty years earlier, pointing to the former site of an open cast mine and reliving the striking silhouette of the long gone blackened chimneys of the brick works they had photographed, and the distinctive smell of the clay being fired.
Quizzed by TV presenter John Yates, Peter described themselves as a “Brummie Graphic Designer who simply loved taking pictures.” Asked if they knew how important their photographs would become, Peter's response was: “As far as I was concerned they were just great photographic visual images.”
Clearly the Black Country had captivated their heart and soul, shown so eloquently by the profound verses they added to some of their images. Many of the photographs so expertly taken on a £12 second hand camera appear to be the result of early morning or evening walks along canal towpaths, when the light was ideal in capturing the atmosphere of a region on the cusp of transition.
The factory, the foundry and the coal mine were declining temples of the economic contribution to Britain's industrial heartland. The families that operated and lived aboard the canal narrowboats were literally dying out; the sound, the smoke and the smell of the humble shunting engine or majestic express steam train were soon to disappear for ever.
Born in 1932 in Birmingham's suburban Washwood Heath, Peter attended the much-revered Moseley School of Art, eventually to practice their skills by joining the creative team at Severn Advertising in Kidderminster. Presumably the move west from Brum and the need to set up a family home with wife Pam helped the decision to establish firm roots in the Black Country at Cradley.
In the eighties, the business of Donnelly Burns Davies was flourishing. I was a regular visitor to the firm's graphic design and photography studios, which occupied Shakespeare Buildings, a landmark Victorian property – perhaps once a fine gentleman's residence in Cradley Road, Cradley Heath. Could this have been the home of Joseph Shakespeare of the renowned forging works in nearby Cox's Lane, Old Hill?
(Image: Simon Donnelly)
I have vivid memories of a workplace fuelled by instant coffee and laughter. Peter had a most mischievous laugh! The client list read like a who's who of Black Country firms that gave employment to tens of thousands of workers in the area.
The need for more space saw the company relocate to Harborne and the creation of two studios, one for fashion and furniture shoots and a sizeable drive-in studio geared up for the production of glossy sales brochures for motorcars including Rolls-Royce and Bentley.
This was no ordinary building, inherited by no ordinary creative business. It was the former headquarters of what was certainly one of the world's most famous toy manufacturers. Dating back to the nineteenth century Chad Valley Toys – named after the local Chad brook – was a brand name synonymous with several generations of children's Christmas stockings. In the firm's later years of development the leap from Chad Valley to Birmingham city centre coincided with a change in company name to Donnelly Burns Nicklin. For Peter the same adopted home address in Cradley remained a constant factor for the Donnelly family – now occupied by son Simon.
(Image: Simon Donnelly)
On a sad day in 2005, the Black Country lost a genuine character. One who made their mark through a passion for photography that has allowed us to inherit a priceless archive of historical images, recording the changing industrial and cultural heritage of the 1960s.
It is our good fortune that this unique collection of over a hundred photographs have been lovingly transferred from original colour film to modern-day digital images by Simon.
Some have been seen at exhibitions and in print such as the Black Country Echoes event in 2014 celebrating people, landscape, industry and art.
Today, the short-term objective is to give wider access to Peter's images via The Black Country Bugle with a longer term vision to establish a permanent visitor exhibition in the Black Country. A very fitting legacy that would be.
Joseph diGenova appears on "Meet the Press" Feb. 11, 2001, at the NBC studio in Washington, D.C.
President Donald Trump has added a longtime Washington lawyer to their legal team who has publicly promoted a conspiracy theory that officials in the FBI and Justice Department are plotting to frame the president with a "false crime" in the Russia investigation.
Joseph diGenova, a former U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia, recently joined Trump's legal team, Jay Sekulow, one of the president's lawyers, confirmed to NBC News Monday.
"I have worked with Joe for many years and have full confidence that they will be a great asset in our representation of the president," Sekulow said in a statement.
Monday, October 2, 2017, thepassed Ordinance 17- O- 1152, decriminalizing possession offenses ofup to an ounce, now punishable by a fine of $75. No arrest or criminal record attached.
Thousands of Georgia residents are arrested on Marijuana charges every year. Most of these arrest occur within the city of Atlanta. According to Georgia state law, those convicted can face six months up to 10 years in jail and a $1,000 fine. 54% of the residents in Atlanta are African American. With that being said, African Americans are four times as likely to get arrested on Marijuana charges, though used at the same rate.
Atlanta mayor candidatehas been pushing the change in Atlanta laws since the spring. Hall stated ,“Court costs, the jail time, ruining young people's lives, they lose their scholarships, it breaks up families, and it wastes our tax dollars. That's the reason for doing this”. They believe that this legislation was necessary in order to address the disparity in the numbers of African Americans arrested for possession.
______
Now that the Marijuana Decriminalization ordinance has been passed, the city of Atlanta no longer have to worry about unnecessary jail time for small amounts of Marijuana. This law only applies within the city limits of Atlanta, cities outside of that, Georgia state law will still apply.
Though the ordinance wasn't passed at the state level, this is small victory for the city of Atlanta.
words by: Ericc Adkins
The Latest Music, Celebrities and Interviews:
Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Ride-sharing cabs give cities chance to slash taxi numbers
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Want Warriors news in your inbox? Sign up for the free DubsDaily newsletter.
OAKLAND – The backdrop became the same thing as it always has for the past four years. The Warriors advanced to the NBA Finals with a front office, coaching staff and All-Star players collaborating for the common good. The Cleveland Cavaliers advanced to the NBA Finals with LeBron James prevailing through roster turnover and front-office dysfunction.
Will it ever stop? To everyone else in the NBA, they wish it happened yesterday. To the Warriors and Cavaliers, they hope it keeps happening with Game 1 beginning on Thursday at Oracle Arena. And to Warriors general manager Bob Myers, they dreadfully see an expiration date approaching.
“I definitely know this is ending,” Myers said following Warriors' practice on Wednesday. “I don't need any reminders. The narrative is, ‘This will go on forever.” On the record, it can't. Nothing does, especially in a sport where the competition is so great.”
To subscribe to the Planet Dubs podcast, click here.
The Warriors might not want to hear those words as they try to win another NBA championship after winning two of them in the past three years. Myers still remains confident in a third one because of coach Steve Kerr and four healthy All-Stars (Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, Klay Thompson). Yet, Myers still remains wary partly because of James' greatness and partly because veteran Andre Iguodala will miss at least Game 1 because of a left leg injury that also sidelined them in Games 4, 5, 6 and 7 of the Western Conference Finals against the Houston Rockets.
Then, Myers saw how the Warriors came close toward falling short of an NBA Finals appearance in what would have marked the first time since 2014. Hence, Myers admitted that “relief is the predominant emotion” after beating the Rockets as opposed to “the bliss” they wish they had felt.
Want real-time Warriors news texted to your phone? Sign up for Mark Medina's private text messaging service.
“No team should last forever. It's not good for anybody,” Myers said. “I'm fully aware. I don't need a reminder from Houston to know how fragile this whole thing is. That's a part of it. That's why you have to appreciate it.”
And it is also why Myers hopes to maintain and make tweaks to a roster that can delay their prediction from becoming true. But how much will the Warriors' success or failure against Cleveland in the NBA Finals influence their offseason decisions?
“I don't know. I don't think you can evaluate anything until your year is over, good, bad or in the middle,” Myers said. “It's an incomplete product. Who knows. I have no idea if we win or lose, what that will look like. I think our players have shown they're made of the right stuff. So you don't do anything rash. They've earned the right to continue on this journey.”
It appears likely that Curry, Durant and Thompson will earn that right to continue the journey.
Curry re-signed last year with the Warriors to a five-year deal, $201 million deal. Though Durant will be a free agent this summer, they have said unequivocally they plan to re-sign with the Warriors. Thompson and the Warriors have had discussion during training camp about agreeing to an extension at some point before they become a free agent in 2019 offseason. Green will become a free agent in the 2020 offseason, though there is intrigue on how well they can stay healthy and maintain their effectiveness as a versatile defender.
“At one point, players get older and teams get broken up,” Myers said. “It always happens. You just don't know when.”
It appears more likely the bench will be broken up in some fashion this offseason.
The Warriors have four frontcourt players who will be unrestricted free agents (Kevon Looney, Zaza Pachulia, JaVale McGee, David West). Veteran forward Nick Young, who signed with the Warriors to the mid-level exception at $5.2 million, will be an unrestricted free agent after playing through inconsistency with their shooting and defense. And second-year forward Patrick McCaw will be a restricted free agent after suffering a spine contusion that kept them sidelined for almost two months.
Any trades aside this summer, the Warriors can sign players at a mini-mid level exception worth ($5.2 million) a bi-annual exception ($3.3 million) and at veteran's minimum deals. The Warriors will also have the 28th pick in the NBA Draft on June 21. Though Myers conceded difficulty in evaluating a bench that had varying rotations and overlapping injuries, they praised Kerr “for using a lot of guys” for matchup and depth purposes.
“To try to construct a team in this modern NBA, it's almost like baseball now where you have one guy that will pitch one out to a left-handed batter and then you're out of the game,” Myers said. “It's one of those things you have to match up. Our job is to build a roster that has some versatility and will play fast and play slow, play big and small. You never get it exactly right.”
The Warriors thought they got it right in late October when they declined to guarantee Looney's $2.2 million contract for next season because of luxury tax implications. It did not help that Looney had hip injuries during their first two NBA seasons. In their third season, though, Looney has impressed the Warriors with their durability, defensive versatility and work habits. Will those qualities attract too much outside interest for the Warriors to match?
“The hypothetical stuff is tough. I expect the unexpected,” Myers said. “Who knows.”
The Warriors also thought they got it right when they waived veteran guard/forward Omri Casspi, who signed last summer on a veteran's minimum deal. They had overlapping injuries to their right ankle. Quinn Cook, who played on a two-way contract with the Warriors and their G-League team in Santa Cruz, grew with their play. And the Warriors signed Cook both to their playoff roster and for next season with Curry initially out for six postseason games with a left knee injury.
Injuries to McCaw and Iguodala, though, left the Warriors against the Rockets without two wing players and a surplus of big men that did not fit Kerr's vision against a Rockets team that often went small.
“If we had McCaw and Andre in this series, I wouldn't have felt vulnerable at the wing. We might have to go bigger in this series against some of those guys,” Myers said. “I don't know. It depends. You want to build something and cover for injury. But sometimes it's difficult.”
Myers does not consider it difficulty to handle scrutiny for moves they did or did not make.
“Everything's fair. I criticize myself. You just try to get here and win,” Myers said. “At the end of the year, you look at things you might have done differently with what you got right and what you got wrong. There are a lot of things they can say we didn't do right or I didn't do well.”
There are also a lot of things that Myers did well. They played a part in the Warriors drafting Thompson (11th in 2011) and Green (35th in 2012). They played a part in hiring Kerr (2015). They played a part in maintaining cap space to sign Durant (2016). They played a part in buying draft picks at No. 38 that secured the rights to McCaw (2016) and Jordan Bell (2017).
“Those are good, too,” Myers said, smiling. “We're going to get some stuff right. We're going to get some stuff wrong. Keep moving.”
For now, though, Myers will sit back and watch what unfolds in front of him.
“Having gotten to the Finals is very very difficult. I commend any team in any sport that gets here. It is so hard,” Myers said. “I know to appreciate we're even here, even though people think it's pre-ordained. I don't feel that way at all.”
They also feel this will not last forever. They hope it will last at least a little bit longer, though.
Follow Bay Area News Group Warriors beat writer Mark Medina on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
Mike Johnson, a former 49ers offensive coordinator under Mike Singletary, has stepped down as The King's Academy football coach to become an offensive analyst for Jim Harbaugh at Michigan.
Johnson's resume includes two seasons as quarterbacks coach with the San Diego Chargers, whose quarterback at the time was Harbaugh.
Related Articles Ex-49ers assistant and their college-prospect son lead King's Academy
Longtime East Bay high school football coach dies
High school football: Season that gave plenty all finished The Internet buzz didn't focus much on that storyline. It instead zoomed in on Johnson's son, Michael Jr., rated among the top dual-threat quarterbacks in the Class of 2019, with offers from several major conference schools, including Florida State.
“Jim Harbaugh pulls off another bold recruiting move with the latest Michigan hire,” the Sporting News wrote in its headline.
At this point, it's not even known if Johnson Jr. will join their father in Ann Arbor to finish the final two seasons of their high school career.
“As far as Junior is concerned, their heart says they definitely want to stay,” TKA athletic director Joe Maemone said. “He loves it here. Mike wants them to stay because of their experience here at King's. But the family needs to work all that out.
“Whatever they decide, we're 100 percent behind. Obviously, we'd love to have Mike finish their career here. But family needs to be together. That's a decision that Mike and their wife and Junior will all come to an agreement on.”
Johnson coached TKA for three seasons, finishing with a 24-9 record. When they told Maemone they were leaving, the A.D. said, “I am happier for you than I am sad for us. But I am sad for us. That's OK. I know the Lord will bring the right guy to take us where we want to go.”
Maemone said there is a lot of interest in the job.
“What M.J. has done for us, the three years they were here, they legitimized the program and got a lot of energy here and a lot of excitement,” Maemone said. “People know about us. We're processing everything. Nothing concrete now. But we'll move in that direction shortly.”
For more on high school sports, including results and schedules, visit bayareapreps.com.
Technology has had a major impact on the recruiting and hiring process. But one tech company is bucking the trend and going low-tech with its hiring efforts — by using a simple sandwich board.
Betabrand is an online crowdfunding platform that focuses on clothing designs. Clearly, it has the resources and tech knowledge to create a job posting. So what made the company decide against simply posting jobs online or combing LinkedIn for great potential candidates?
The team at Betabrand already had a history of trying out unconventional marketing stunts. So when the company's CTO became frustrated with the candidates it found through those online methods, Betabrand opted to try something similar with recruiting. That realization, along with the company's location in an area that's popular with their potential candidates, made the sandwich board idea seem like a perfect fit.
Chris Lindland, Betabrand's founder and CEO said in an email interview with Small Business Trends, “It's hard to show much personality in job posts. And Valencia Street in San Francisco probably gets more engineering traffic than LinkedIn or Angelist.”
The original sandwich board advertised a job for a UI/UX designer, a position that the company was able to fill within a week. So then they decided to double down and use the board again to hire a front end developer. They filled that position in just three days.
Advertisement
Creative Recruiting
This is just one of the unique creative recruiting stunts Betabrand has pulled in its efforts to pull in the perfect candidates. The company also wrecked its homepage to demonstrate its need for a new developer and recently put up a huge garage door sign using the dreaded Comic Sans font to attract a new VP of digital marketing.
Weird? Sure. But for a company that's looking for candidates to fit into a specific type of culture, especially a highly creative one, these creative recruiting strategies allow Betabrand to show some personality. And that's something that's pretty difficult to do when you're using the same hiring strategies as every other company out there.
That doesn't mean that you have to delete all of your online accounts and do all your recruiting offline from now on. But it does offer some inspiration for businesses looking to stand out, either when it comes to hiring new candidates or attracting new customers with guerilla marketing tactics.
The key is simply to think about your target audience and come up with unique ways to communicate with them. Don't just stick with the status quo because it's what your competitors are doing or what the so-called experts are telling you to do.
Lindland sums it up, “It helps to go where people are at and to do so in a stand-out manner. People gravitate towards creative things and garage doors, sandwich boards, and horrible homepages have shown folks that Betabrand's a creative place to work.”
NBC 7 Whitney Southwick has a look at the weekend forecast.
San Diegans could see an elevated risk of wildfires over the weekend as potential Santa Ana conditions may bring stronger than usual winds to our region.
“Very warm and very dry,” NBC 7 weather anchor Whitney Southwick said Friday.
The National Weather Service is forecasting strong, northeast winds from Cajon Pass to northern Orange County and west of San Gorgonio Pass.
In San Diego, humidity levels have dropped over the past 24 hours, even along the coastline, Southwick said.
In our mountains, foothills and deserts, humidity levels are below 15 percent and even in single digits in some spots.
Temperatures meantime, are expected to jump back into the low 80s along the coast, low to mid 90s in the valleys and foothills.
All this, combined with the tens of thousands of acres of tinder-dry brush, spells an elevated fire danger for our County and all of Southern California through Saturday.
Federal officials monitoring conditions throughout Southern California have flagged Friday as having marginal Santa Ana conditions for Ventura County. Monday brings a moderate risk of wildfires to that county with Tuesday also seeing a heightened risk. Orange County could see marginal Santa Ana conditions on Monday.
According to the Santa Ana Fire Threat Index, marginal risk means fires may grow rapidly. A moderate risk means upon ignition, fires will grow rapidly and will be difficult to control.
The San Diego Fire-Rescue Department is gearing up for some of the worst wildfire conditions the county has seen in decades.
Chief Brian Fennessy recently told city officials the fuels are the driest he's seen in their 40 years working in the field.
SDFD officials said they have the staff and equipment necessary to handle blazes as they flare up. However, residents are always encouraged to do their part by clearing defensible space around their homes.
Wildfires a Major Threat this Fall: SDFD
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ukip leader Paul Nuttall has told a party press officer who took the blame for an inaccurate claim that they lost "close personal friends" in the Hillsborough disaster that they can keep their job.
Lynda Roughley offered to resign on Tuesday evening after their boss was forced to admit during a live radio interview that the claim - carried by their official website for six years - was wrong.
A party spokesperson said Mr Nuttall had rejected the offer on the grounds that they should not lose their career for what appeared to be a "minor error" after years of loyal and effective service.
Ukip's main financial backer, Arron Banks, hit back at opponents who have criticised Mr Nuttall over their comments about the 1989 football stadium disaster.
The millionaire donor used Twitter to accuse them of "milking a tragedy forever", adding: "I'm sick to death of hearing about it. It was a disaster and that's it, not some sort of cultural happening."
Families of some of the 96 Liverpool fans who died at Hillsborough voiced their anger at the false claim.
Barry Devonside, whose son Christopher, 18, was among the victims, said the Ukip leader's credibility had "gone out of the window".
"It's insensitive. We are still awaiting the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service as to whether charges will be brought and we don't need this kind of thing from Paul Nuttall," they said.
"He should know better as a politician and leader of Ukip."
Hillsborough Family Support Group chairperson Margaret Aspinall told LBC radio: "A lot of people who were there that day did lose close personal friends and I think it's an insult to them as well as to all the families who did lose somebody on that day."
Mr Nuttall apologised on Tuesday for the claim - contained in at least two press releases on their website - after being challenged during an interview with Radio City Talk in Liverpool.
They told presenter Dave Easton: "I haven't lost a close personal friend, I've lost someone who I know. I haven't put that out, that is wrong."
In a statement later, Mr Nuttall, who is standing for Ukip in the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, said they were "appalled" when they found out what had happened.
"This was an article that I did not write and did not see prior to it being posted by a member of my staff.
"Of course I take responsibility for those things that are put out under my name, but I was genuinely taken aback when this claim was brought to my attention and am both appalled and very sorry that an impression was given that was not accurate."
Ms Roughley said they were "entirely responsible" for the website post and had offered them resignation.
"I am frankly mortified at the distress this issue has caused Paul and may have caused to anyone involved with the Hillsborough tragedy. I could not be more sorry."
A Ukip spokesperson said on Wednesday that the resignation had been rejected: "She has worked very long and hard for many, many years of loyal and effective service. We all make mistakes.
"Obviously Paul is grateful for their offer, but what sort of chap would they be to say their career is dead for what seems to be a minor error six years ago?"
Mr Nuttall's statement made clear they stand by their account of being present at the disaster as a 12-year-old fan, after doubts were raised by The Guardian.
"From the upper tier of the Leppings Lane end of the Hillsborough Stadium, I watched the events of that day unfold with horror," they said.
Indian stars Priyanka Chopra and Deepika Padukone didn't emerge as winners at the Teen Choice 2017 award ceremony, where TV show 'Riverdale' and film 'Wonder Woman' dominated the winners' list.
Deepika was nominated for their Hollywood debut 'xXx: Return of Xander Cage' in the Choice Action Movie Actress category and lost the title to Gal Gadot, who won for their act in hit film 'Wonder Woman'.
Priyanka was also nominated for their Hollywood debut film Baywatch in the Choice Movie Villain category. They were competing with stars like Charlize Theron, Elizabeth Banks, James McAvoy, Javier Bardem and Luke Evans. Evans emerged the winner.
Sushant Singh Rajput BREAKS SILENCE On Being Tagged As An 'ARROGANT' Actor!
The fan-decided awards were announced here on Sunday.
The annual ceremony, which recognises teen icons in film, television, music, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, honoured film and TV titles including 'Wonder' Woman', 'Riverdale' and 'Beauty and the Beast', reports ew.com.
Stars from 'Riverdale', 'Teen Wolf' and 'Pretty Little Liars' dominated the TV categories, while 'Wonder Woman' and 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' won big in the movie categories.
Katy Perry is experiencing a “full sexual liberation,” the singer told The New York Times in a new, wide-ranging interview. The shift, they said, stemmed from Hillary Clinton's
This article originally appeared on www.rollingstone.com: Katy Perry Reveals Sexual Liberation ‘Retriggered' By 2016 Election
…read more
Via:: Rolling Stone
By Martin Kielty
The Dead Kennedys icon takes a dig at Tipper Gore as they tell how they managed to escape drug addiction – although they didn't escape vinyl obsession.
Continue reading…
…read more
Via:: Diffuser
Your browser does not support iframes.
A woman in Northport, NY received a ticket for smoking weed in their car. They found them because they parked in the police chief's parking spot! It's bad enough she's smoking weed but in the police chief's spot? You're just asking for it.
Don't Miss Out! Follow The Russ Parr Show on Twitter and Instagram
Keep Up With The Russ Parr Morning Show On Facebook Too!
Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Welcome to our LIVE coverage of Derby County's Sky Bet Championship clash with Cardiff City.
Another quick turnaround for Derby County as they are back at Pride Park Stadium tonight, to face Cardiff City (7.45pm).
The Rams suffered a third straight defeat on Saturday, as they went down 2-1 to promotion-chasing Middlesbrough at Pride Park Stadium.
Despite that loss, a place in the Championship's top six is still in Derby's hands ahead of the game with the Bluebirds.
Gary Rowett's men remain a point and a place behind Millwall, in sixth, after the Lions were beaten at home by Fulham on Friday night.
Derby welcome Cardiff to Pride Park for the rearranged fixture, after the original game was called off due to heavy snow.
We will have all the build-up, team news, action, analysis and reaction in our blog below.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
JLS singer Aston Merrygold has been unveiled as the eighth celebrity for this year's series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Merrygold, 29, joins a host of other famous faces who are hoping to shake their hips to ballroom glory.
Here is a rundown of the other seven names announced so far who will be joining them on the dance floor:
1. Simon Rimmer
The Sunday Brunch presenter offered a hint of the moves they have in store for fans when the news was announced live on the weekend Channel 4 show.
Rimmer, 54, has presented and cooked on shows across the BBC, ITV, Channel 5 and UKTV - including Tricks Of The Restaurant Trade, Breaking Into Tesco, Eat The Week, Great British Menu and Win It, Cook It.
They have also written five books and owns nine restaurants in the North West of England and another in Dubai.
2. Gemma Atkinson
The former Emmerdale and Hollyoaks actor said they are "beyond excited and incredibly nervous" to be joining the line-up.
Atkinson, 32, rose to fame as Lisa Hunter in Channel 4's Hollyoaks and was most recently seen on screen in Emmerdale as Carly Hope.
They have also starred in The Bill, and Waterloo Road and hosts a breakfast radio show on Manchester's Key 103.
3. Ruth Langsford
The daytime television presenter will be swapping the Morning sofa for the Strictly dancefloor.
Apart from co-hosting ITV's This Morning alongside their husband Eamonn Holmes, the 57-year-old is also regularly seen as a panellist on ITV's Loose Women.
They have also presented Channel 5's How The Other Half Lives.
4. Davood Ghadami
EastEnders actor Ghadami has played heartthrob Kush Kazemi in the soap since 2014 and won a TV Choice Award for best newcomer.
The 35-year-old also appeared on The Bill in 2005 and has had other television roles in Doctor Who, Silent Witness, Top Boy and Skins, to name but a few.
They have also extended their repertoire to tread the boards and starred in British playwright Mike Bartlett's 13 at The National Theatre.
5. Joe McFadden
The Scottish actor is best known for their role as Raffaello 'Raf' di Lucca in the medical drama, Holby City.
The Glasgow-born actor, 41, has previously starred in Heartbeat, Take The High Road, The Crow Road and Sex, Chips & Rock 'n' Roll - as well as roles in the West End including Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.
6. Rev Richard Coles
(Image: Ian West/PA Wire)
The former musician turned vicar will be hoping for salsa success on the dancefloor.
Rev Coles, 55, was previously part of music duo The Communards, who enjoyed success with their song Don't Leave Me This Way in the 1980s.
Most recently they were seen on telly when they co-hosted BBC1's The Big Painting Challenge and was an inspiration for the main character in the hit comedy Rev.
Coles are vicar of St Mary's Church in Finedon, Northamptonshire, and Chancellor of the University of Northampton.
7. Mollie King
The Saturdays singer was the first celebrity to be announced for this series of Strictly.
The 30-year-old launched their solo music career last year with a single titled Back To You.
Talking about the song, they said: "In a band it's sometimes difficult to write about personal experiences because there are a lot of members.
"My solo material is the kind of music that I love, stylistically this is me and I'm saying things that I want to say."
The start date for Strictly Come Dancing has not yet been announced.
Reginae Carter is so grown up now that she's dripped in diamonds and rocking a Beyoncé -inspired gown to their senior prom.
Lil Wayne and Toya Wright spared no expense on their baby girl's big night, having them out here looking like a queen in a dress is reminiscent of Bey's 2015 Met Gala look. Although Wayne wasn't physically there to see their daughter off to prom, Toya made sure not to miss a peep of their 18-year old's special high school memory. The proud mama shared gorgeous photos of their baby girl.
My everything ❤️ A post shared by Antonia Wright (@toyawright) on Apr 15, 2017 at 5:50pm PDT
Diamonds doin' the Chris Breezy! 💎💎#highdemand #prom2017 Styled by: #noigjeremy A post shared by Antonia Wright (@toyawright) on Apr 15, 2017 at 6:40pm PDT
Check out more photos from their big night below.
Toronto Blue Jays' Curtis Granderson is welcomed by teammates after they hit a walk-off home run against the Boston Red Sox during the 10th inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 24, 2018, in Toronto. Toronto won 4-3. The Canadian Press via AP Fred Thornhill
Shaikha Lubna Al Qasimi, Minister of State for Tolerance and Omar Saif Ghobash, Ambassador of the UAE to the Russian Federation speaking at a session “Co-Existing: Transcending Borders of Culture, Race & Religion” at World Government Summit 2017 at Medinat Jumeirah.
Dubai: Our aim should be to instill religious values and spirituality in our children in order to send the right message of Islam to the world, said Shaikha Lubna Al Qasimi, Minister of Tolerance at the second day of the World Government Summit.
Addressing the audience in a discussion with Omar Saif Ghobash, UAE Ambassador to Russia, Shaikha Lubna highlighted the importance of institutionalising tolerance in the UAE.
“Don't approach religion through text only, but rather [based] on the spiritual values and the moral education that those words stem from, and present it beautifully to the new generations,” they said.
Shaikha Lubna discussed the introduction of the message of tolerance into school curriculums and communities, pointing out that often values of tolerance are taken for granted and considered “inherent” from culture and family.
“Islam has been hijacked. I think we should move from being defensive towards Islam by being out there and giving the right message,” said Shaikha Lubna.
They referred to values of tolerance seen in the UAE today, highlighting the coexistence of over 200 nationalities living in the country.
“The UAE started as a small country with wealth, a nation with oil. Its first priority was educating the nation, and its second was establishing an economy,” they said.
Shaikha Lubna referred to the need for diversification when building an economy, and “inviting the best minds from abroad.”
“Going into diversification, you celebrate the last barrel of oil rather than be dependent on it,” they said.
Shaikha Lubna explained that in order to attract foreign talents, the UAE has provided expats and their families with a high standard of schooling, places of worship and a modern lifestyle that is consistent with their own. They further emphasised the need for a tolerant society to welcome the “best brains into the UAE.”
“The UAE is a Muslim society with huge diversity. We can use it as an example of success,” added Shaikha Lubna.
They concluded by emphasising that the UAE “walks the talk and leads by example.”
UAE an amazing model of Islam
Also commenting on the UAE's diversity and tolerance, Omar Saif Ghobash, UAE Ambassador to Russia said the UAE has “an amazing model of Islam.”
They called for a focus on allowing individuals to flourish on their own without strict guidelines in order to see more creativity, writers and artists.
“If we concentrated on providing a space for creativity on new principles instead of following strict guidelines, we will be more successful,” added Ghobash.
They also referred to the change in the message delivered to Muslims during Friday sermons, pointing out it's less aggressive and more consistent with values of tolerance.
Ghobash also mentioned their book ‘Letters to a young Muslim,' which embraces diversity and addresses radical Islam. They pointed out that in the last few years, they did not witness much progress in bridging the gap between the modern world and past centuries. “I wrote this book for my two sons who are 12 and 16. I looked back to when I was 15-year-old and the experiences I had inside the mosque and outside, and I put myself in the place of a 15-year-old living in the 21st century and looked at questions that were not answered,” they said.
On another note, Ghobash also referred to the US travel ban. “I think there is too much focus on the Muslim ban to travel to the US,” they said, adding that several countries in the region have similar bans on other countries.
San Antonio police investigators surround a Dodge Charger in the parking lot of AllStars Gentleman's Club, where an off-duty police officer was shot six times after a road rage incident. WOAI Video screenshot
Booth Number: 6911, First Level
NETCONG, NJ--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Breaking Games, an award-winning game publisher and manufacturer, is entering into the consumer electronic space with the world's first self-rolling dice, Boogie Dice. Additionally, the company is expanding into the toy world with their own line of Pixel Pals, collectible pixel-art inspired figures. Breaking Games will showcase both products, along with more than a dozen games, at this year's Toy Fair, Booth 6911, First Level (six booths in a row along the right wall).
"I know how to spot a winner. Game designers and developers with a dream come to Breaking Games to not just publish their games, but to help develop their games, get them financing, and find the best retail partners," said Shari Spiro, Breaking Games CEO. "Breaking Games is always pushing the boundaries and looking for the most creative forms of entertainment, and I know we've found it with Boogie Dice and Pixel Pals."
BOOGIE DICE: WORLD'S FIRST SOUND-ACTIVATED, SELF-ROLLING DICE
Slated for a fall 2017 launch with an MSRP of $49.99, Boogie Dice is the world's first sound-activated, self-rolling dice. Users simply clap their hands, snap their fingers or bang on the table, and the dice starts to "boogie" by itself. Designed to be a universal gaming accessory, Boogie Dice can replace any standard traditional dice in any game. In addition, the Boogie Dice app lets users program the dice to change color, roll longer, faster or higher, as well as stop the dice on command.
"Boogie Dice is the world's first sound-activated, self-rolling, motorized dice and it's going to change the way people play games," said Nimrod Back, the creator of Boogie Dice. "Boogie Dice is also a new gaming platform that supports custom games as well as existing ones, as we can create new games based on the dice's unique features and abilities. Essentially, we've created the first smart boardgame accessory."
PIXEL PALS: PIXELS BECOME PLASTIC
Breaking Games made its foray into the toy world last summer with the launch of Pixel Pals, where pixels become plastic and 2D characters turn into 3D entertainment. Available for an MSRP of $25 each, Pixel Pals are collectible pixel art-inspired figures that come in arcade cabinet-styled boxes, including:
Meowstronomy : The whole of Catkind has dreamed of space exploration, but now those dreams have become reality.
: The whole of Catkind has dreamed of space exploration, but now those dreams have become reality. Luckzi : Test your luck with this ancient living statue. Each side of their head has a new expression.
: Test your luck with this ancient living statue. Each side of their head has a new expression. Pixie: It's not easy being an adorable dragon superhero, but Pixie rocks a thong and cape expertly.
It's not easy being an adorable dragon superhero, but Pixie rocks a thong and cape expertly. Robo-Attorney : 404 Error! Guilt NOT Found! Finally an attorney you can afford.
: 404 Error! Guilt NOT Found! Finally an attorney you can afford. Baby Ninja: Out of the nursery and into the dojo! Baby Ninja will be loved by all ages.
"Pixel Pals was created by two indie game designers because of their true love of games and toys, just like Breaking Games. From the irreverent characters to the unique boxes, it is obvious that these toys were made with passion and comes from a place of true appreciation for what toys are -- imagination, entertainment and play," continued Ms. Spiro.
For more information:
Breaking Games Toy Fair Booth : Booth 6411, First Level, six booths in a row along the right wall
: Booth 6411, First Level, six booths in a row along the right wall Breaking Game : Website , Facebook , Twitter
Boogie Dice Website
Pixel Pals Website
About Breaking Games
Founded by Shari Spiro of Ad Magic -- manufacturer of Cards Against Humanity, Exploding Kittens, and many more -- Breaking Games is a publishing company dedicated to getting the latest indie games to your tabletop. In our first two years, we have developed Mensa Select winners for 2015 and 2016, as well as IndieCade and Tabletop Deathmatch Finalists. We uber-promote our game designers because they are the rock stars of tabletop gaming. Our designers work directly with our team on design, development, art, and promotion to bring their vision to life. We are proud to produce some of the most innovative family, strategy and party games available today.
2:29
Trump criticizes hatred 'on many sides' after Charlottesville violence
2:24
White supremacy protests in Charlottesville, Va., devolve into a chaotic day of violence
0:45
Has anyone else noticed that Love Island's Josh is forever asking themselves questions, especially in sticky situations, only to really quickly answer them themselves for no apparent reason?
That was a trick question, because obviously you have!
Here are a few highlights from last night...
ITV2
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
To Kaz about Georgia:"Do I still care for her? Absolutely"
"I still think they good looking? Yeah, cool ." (That was half a question, tbh).
And to Georgia, post-Kaz recoupling...
"Do I still have feelings for you? Absolutely."
"Do I want to see you hurt? No way."
ITV
Wes is also guilty of this, but are we going to kick a dog when it's down? Yep! Last night to Georgia about Megan: "Am I going to beg for Meg back? Absolutely not."
Yep, Josh is desperately trying to clear up the big old mess they made after serving Georgia a life-sized pie by bringing Kaz back with them into the villa after they hit it off in Casa Amor.
Last night's show saw them trying to speak with Georgia to apologise for their muggy behaviour. Georgia was having none of it though, and told him: "I had a connection with someone else in here, Josh. I think we both had our little tests.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
"I passed mine because I'm a loyal girl. Yes, I'm a flirt but I know the boundaries. You obviously don't... I put my heart out to you. I'e never done that ever and I did all of that for you."
ITV2
Josh tried to make amends again after Kaz suggested they have a proper chat, but their questions and answers just didn't wash with an emotional Georgia.
"You have no idea how much you've hurt me," they told him.
"I have never laid my cards out on the table to a guy ever and that was such a big step for me and I did that… I cannot believe what is going on."
Obviously fans on Twitter have also been reacting to Josh and Wes's love for a question and answer - which is akin to someone speaking about themselves in the third person - with one asking: "Why do Josh and Wes ask themselves questions and answer them. Is it annoying? Yes. Do we want them to stop? Absolutely."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Why do Josh and Wes ask themselves questions and answer them. Is it annoying? Yes. Do we want them to stop? Absolutely. #loveisland — Bethany Farnan (@bethanymlfarnan) July 3, 2018
Even Love Island's official Twitter account joked: "Josh's internal monologue: 'Have I messed up here? Potentially.'
'Can I redeem myself? Unlikely.
'Am I regretful? Absolutely.
'Do I ask myself too many questions? Most definitely.'"
Josh's internal monologue:
Have I messed up here? Potentially.
Can I redeem myself? Unlikely.
Am I regretful? Absolutely.
Do I ask myself too many questions? Most definitely. #LoveIsland pic.twitter.com/omwspgJXH9 — Love Island (@LoveIsland) July 3, 2018
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Why do Josh and Wes continuously ask them selves questions,
Do I still have feelings for her?
Yes
Do I find them attractive?
Yes
Do I wanna be with her?
No
Hotel? Trivago
#loveisland — Loveisland (@Loveislandfun) July 3, 2018
Lols.
But the most important question of all: Will Georgia finally forgive Josh for being a melt on tonight's show? Let's hope so.
More than 3 million businesses are using Google's G Suite line of products. These cloud-based tools can help with a variety of functions ranging from collaboration and communication to personal productivity. Along with those tools, Google also offers a marketplace of third party products and apps that give users an even wider array of functions.
Best G Suite Marketplace Apps
Here are some of the top options available from that marketplace.
Communication
formMule
In an effort to streamline communications, formMule gives you the ability to send targeted, personalized emails from a Google Sheet. You can use it both for manual email merges or triggered merges.
Yet Another Mail Merge
Yet Another Mail Merge offers a tool for managing mass emails. You can organize your contacts into a Google Form, then craft your message directly within Gmail. This can make it simple for you to keep your contacts and communications in order.
Dialpad
If you prefer to communicate via voice or text rather than email, Dialpad gives you a way to initiate those communications right within Gmail. This can make it easier for you to keep all those different forms of communication organized.
Forum
Want to give your team an easy way to communicate with one another throughout the day? Forum gives you an interactive message board so that employees can share messages and links with one another to keep all of their communication in one spot.
Zoho Meeting
To facilitate conference calls and other types of meetings, Zoho Meeting lets you schedule meetings, share your screen with participants and even conduct webinars.
Productivity
Wrike
Wrike is a project management tool that you can use to track your progress on a variety of different projects and tasks all at once. You can also use it to assign tasks and communicate with team members.
Kanbanchi
A visual tool for managing tasks, Kanbanchi organizes all of your to-dos into a visualized workflow so you can track your time and manage your own projects as well as those for your team.
GQueues
GQueues is a simple task manager that is built specifically for G Suite. You can sync it with your calendar and mobile device to easily manage all of your appointments and make sure that your time is accounted for.
Form Notifications
This tool is an add-on that lets you create and manage email notifications from forms when they receive submissions. So for small businesses that allow people to submit their information for appointments or inquiries, you can use Form Notifications to easily receive that information.
Asana
The popular productivity and collaboration tool, Asana is available as an app within the G Suite Marketplace. Use it to plan projects, track progress and manage team members all from one dashboard.
Marketing
Business Hangouts
An all-in-one app to help businesses create webinars, Business Hangouts integrates with Google Docs, Sheets and other popular platforms to help you create video presentations that will speak directly to your online audience.
Zoho Survey
If you're going to market to customers, you need to get to know them first. Zoho Survey gives you the ability to send out surveys to customers so you can gather valuable insights.
Plug in SEO
If you find SEO to be confusing or if you just don't have enough time to stay on top of it constantly, you can use Plug in SEO to comb your site for issues or areas where you can improve.
DirectIQ
DirectIQ is an intuitive email marketing platform that lets you send and manage campaigns, add contacts, and easily design emails using templates.
ExpressCurate
For those looking to leverage the power of content marketing, ExpressCurate can streamline the process. This tool works in your browser and lets you transfer Google Docs to WordPress quickly and simply.
Sales
Insightly CRM
Insightly is a CRM tool that works for businesses in manufacturing, consulting, health and wellness, and media. It allows users to manage communication with customers and prospects throughout every step of the sales process.
Freshdesk
A customer support software in the SaaS market, Freshdesk lets you conduct conversations with customers or prospects visiting your website to offer assistance or guidance via chat, phone, email, or even social.
Mailtrack
Once you send sales emails, Mailtrack gives you a way to actually track that communication and see when those messages have been received and read by the recipient.
Evercontact
Evercontact is a tool that helps you keep your company's contacts constantly up to date. It combs through email signatures and other communications to find contact information and add them automatically to your address book or CRM.
Sortd
Sortd is a sales tool for Gmail that's built for teams. You can manage leads, sales, tasks, and even your sales pipeline all from one dashboard that integrates seamlessly with your email platform.
Utility
Infogram Chart
Whether you need to create visuals for a big meeting or charts for your online content marketing plan, Infogram Chart can help. The tool gives users the ability to create animated charts and graphics to represent data in a visual way.
Awesome Table
Another way to visually organize data, Awesome Table takes information from Google Sheets and puts them into different types of views from directories to interactive maps.
ScheduleOnce
An online scheduling platform that works with Google Calendar, ScheduleOnce allows you to set up a scheduling tool so that clients, customers or colleagues can easily schedule time with you.
SignRequest
The process of signing hard copies of documents can be arduous for modern businesses. So SignRequest gives you a way to complete that task virtually, saving your company time and money while also streamlining sales or other processes.
Appy Pie
There are tons of potential benefits that businesses can attain by creating their own apps, from increasing sales to creating a whole new revenue stream. Appy Pie provides a tool that helps you create apps without any prior coding knowledge.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Harry Redknapp is expecting a busy transfer window as they look to perform ‘surgery' on their Birmingham City squad.
The Blues boss has likened their current situation to the one where they took over at Portsmouth in March 2002 during a season of struggle.
They spent that summer overhauling their squad with eight new players - and the rest of the 2002/2003 campaign guiding Pompey to the Championship title.
Asked if they expected to be very busy this summer, the Blues boss was unequivocal.
“Absolutely, yes. It needs surgery,” they told Blues TV .
“I have got some good players here but I need to bring more good players in to give us a team that is competitive at the top end.
“It's got to be [very interesting], it's a big year. My ambitions this year are to get promotion with Birmingham City, I am not thinking about anything else.
“That's' what I want. It's not going to be easy to achieve, we all know that.
“If you don't aim for the top you won't get there, that's what I am thinking about.
“And I am looking to put a group of players in here that have got the same ambition I have got this year for Birmingham.”
Redknapp has already started that process with the recruitment of goalkeeper David Stockdale.
Follow the writer...
Twitter: https://twitter.com/briandick
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/blueswriterbriandick/
More on Blues...
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/birminghamcitynews/
Twitter: https://twitter.com/BCFC_News
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bravery, courage and community spirit are set to be celebrated at the annual Outstanding Citizens Awards.
Hosted by Police and Crime Commissioner David Jamieson, the awards will take place at Villa Park on Thursday evening (July 5).
Nominees include a bus driver who saved the life of a suicidal man, a community group which gives disadvantaged children the chance to become professional footballers, and a group of young people in care who spend their free time advising authorities on how to better look after vulnerable people.
The awards cover five categories, including Outstanding Citizen, Outstanding Young Citizen and Outstanding Community Project.
Speaking about the awards PCC David Jamieson, who will be hosting the night for the fifth consecutive year, said: "This is a chance for me to say thank you to the unsung heroes who work to make the West Midlands a better place.
"Whether they are a long-standing community campaigner, someone who runs a worthwhile project, a volunteer, or simply a brave member of the public who stepped up when the time called for it, we are looking forward to celebrating their selfless actions.
"Last year's ceremony was wonderful, with so many inspiring and heart-warming stories shared. We will have to go a long way to top it but this year's ceremony is already shaping up to be bigger and better."
One of those nominated for the Outstanding Citizen award is Adam Shaikh of Smethwick, who has been using their own personal experience of sexual abuse as a child to help prevent other young people going through the same thing.
And, speaking after being nominate by the PCC, Mr Shaikh said they were honoured to have their work recognised at such a large event:
"When I was told I had been shortlisted, I was really surprised.
"To receive this recognition is amazing because it motivates me to keep going. It is proof my work is being heard," they said.
"However, the most important thing is that I use this nomination as a platform and a greater opportunity to help others. It's vital we get the message out to young people and their parents that nobody should have to suffer in silence and stay a victim forever.
"Abuse thrives in secrecy. Nobody will know what has happened until you make your story heard.
"Justice is what you deserve. You're a survivor."
The full list of nominees are:
Outstanding Citizen
Garry Williams , a bus driver who narrowly avoided colliding with a suicidal man.
Adam Shaikh , a man who was sexually abused as a child and now works to prevent other young people experiencing similar trauma.
Margaret O'Reilly , a woman who has spent a decade volunteering to help victims of domestic violence.
Outstanding Community Project
Academy de Skillz , a Birmingham project which gives disadvantaged children a chance to become professional footballers.
iMatter Walsall , a group which has educated thousands of school children about the dangers of sexual exploitation and other crimes.
Shirley Street Watch , a group of volunteer crime fighters in Shirley, which has confronted drug dealers, recovered weapons from parks and patrolled the streets.
Outstanding Young Citizen
Ashlea Follows , a Dudley teenager who rescued a three-year-old boy from a group which was attacking their mother at a shop.
Coventry Voice of Care Council , a group of young people in care, some aged as young as 9, who give up their free time to advise the authorities on how they can better look after vulnerable young people.
Outstanding use of Active Citizens Fund
Canley Pop Up Cafe , a Coventry project established in the wake of a spate of crimes.
Faithful Friends , a group of Sikh, Christian and Muslim religious leaders from Smethwick who work to bring divided communities together.
Special Recognition Award
Joan Campbell , a woman born and bred in Handsworth, who has dedicated their working career to helping those most in need.
Microsoft Patches Shadow Brokers Exploits, Updates Privacy Controls
The hacking group Shadow Brokers last week revealed a large number of Windows vulnerabilities it claims to have stolen from the National Security Agency (NSA), but Microsoft said Friday that it has already patched most of them. The company has also rolled out new privacy settings through its recent Creators Update.
Nine exploits released by the Shadow Brokers have already been patched, while three others only affected users running older, unsupported versions of the Windows operating system, said principal security group manager Phillip Misner on Microsoft's TechNet IT portal. Misner said anyone with those older versions should upgrade their systems to avoid the vulnerabilities.
Since emerging last summer, the Shadow Brokers organization has published five leaks of zero-days and other vulnerabilities it claims to have taken from the NSA. The exploits the group revealed Friday included Windows vulnerabilities as well as hacking tools apparently used by the NSA to monitor messages about financial transactions through the SWIFT telecommunications network for banking.
'Lost in Translation' Leak
Described as the "Lost in Translation" leak, the Shadow Brokers' latest release has been called the group's most damaging dump to date by some news sources. The leak reportedly included "mentions of previously disclosed NSA top secret programs and software," according to Motherboard. The leak also included a tool that appeared to be linked to the Stuxnet computer worm that caused extensive damage to Iran's nuclear facilities in 2010.
The SWIFT-focused hacking tools included in last week's leak indicate "the U.S. National Security Agency had accessed the SWIFT interbank messaging system, allowing it to monitor money flows among some Middle Eastern and Latin American banks," Reuters reported on Friday. Misner noted on the TechNet site that Microsoft has already patched many of the Windows exploits revealed in the leak.
"Of the three remaining exploits, 'EnglishmanDentist', 'EsteemAudit', and 'ExplodingCan', none reproduces on supported platforms, which means that customers running Windows 7 and more recent versions of Windows or Exchange 2010 and newer versions of Exchange are not at risk," Misner said. "Customers still running prior versions of these products are encouraged to upgrade to a supported offering."
New Privacy, Security Options
Last Tuesday, Microsoft also began rolling out its latest big update for Windows 10. Dubbed the "Creators Update," the OS refresh introduced several new security and privacy controls.
A new privacy dashboard, for example, "lets you see and manage your activity data across multiple Microsoft services," Yusuf Mehdi, Windows and Devices Group vice president, wrote in a blog post on March 29. Activity covered in the dashboard includes search history, location data and browsing history for the Edge browser. Users also can specify what diagnostic and usage data is sent to Microsoft.
The Creators Update also added a new Windows Defender Security Center that gives enterprise users a centralized dashboard for controlling security preferences, as well as a Device Health Advisor.
The Creators Update accompanies a change in which Windows 10 Mobile devices Microsoft will continue to support, Windows and Devices Group software engineer Dona Sarkar noted in a blog post on Friday. They include the HP Elite x3 and the Microsoft Lumia 550, 640, 640XL, 650, 950, and 950XL, along with some other Alcatel, SoftBank, Vaio, MouseComputer, and Trinity devices.
"Devices not on this list will not officially receive the Windows 10 Creators Update nor will they receive any future builds from our development branch that we release as part of the Windows Insider Program," Sarkar said. "However, Windows Insiders who have devices not on this list can still keep these devices on the Windows 10 Creators Update at their own risk knowing that it's unsupported."
Police say a man's decomposing body was found in a Warren, Michigan home. FOX 2
by
The public oyster harvest season began Monday, with Chesapeake Bay watermen no doubt hoping for a better haul this fall and winter than last. For Maryland watermen, though, there isn't a lot of room for optimism.
Despite mild weather last winter, Maryland's 2016-2017 harvest from public oyster bars was off nearly 42 percent from the year before, a steep drop from the modest decline seen the previous two years. Last season, 1,086 licensed watermen harvested 224,609 bushels of bivalves, down from a 384,000-bushel catch in 2015-2016, according to the Department of Natural Resources.
Chris Judy, DNR's shellfish division manager, attributed the harvest decline last season to lower “spat sets” of juvenile oysters since 2012, the last year in which there was good recruitment or reproduction. Spat sets since then have been poor to middling.
Disease made a dent as well last season, at least in some areas. Intensity of Dermo, one of two parasitic diseases afflicting oysters, rose last year above the long-term average for the first time in 9 years and was the highest since the last major outbreak during a drought in 2002. The survey found elevated intensities from Pocomoke Sound north to the Wye and Miles rivers. Dermo-related mortalities also increased in some areas.
MSX, the other parasitic oyster disease, increased in prevalence on bars where it had been found previously, reaching a level 20-fold higher than what it was three years ago.
The DNR team that conducts annual surveys thought that the state's oyster population last year had reached a crossroads, either pausing briefly before continuing to recover or on the cusp of another major decline. “Only time — and weather — will determine which direction Maryland's oyster population will take,” the 2016 fall oyster survey concluded.
In Virginia, by comparison, harvest from public bars slipped 5 percent last season over the previous season's take. The Virginia Marine Resources Commission tallied the harvest from public oyster bars at 246,000 bushels in 2016-2017, down from 259,000 bushels in 2015-16, according to Laurie Naismith, spokesperson for the commission. The higher salinity of Bay water in Virginia tends to yield better oyster reproduction.
Maryland's public oyster harvest season runs through March 31, 2018, while Virginia's extends into April. The busiest portion of the oyster season will kick off Nov. 1, when harvest methods in Maryland expand from hand and patent tonging and diving to include power and sail dredging in designated areas of Calvert, Dorchester, Somerset, St. Mary's, Talbot and Wicomico counties. Virginia's public harvest is limited in early fall to the use of hand tongs and “hand scrapes,” a rake-like device; the fishery expands in November to include patent tonging and in December to power dredging.
Of course, for many consumers, the concept of an oyster “season” has blurred, if not faded altogether, as aquaculture has gained strength in the Bay. The output of Virginia's private oyster farmers, who harvest bivalves year-round, has matched or exceeded the public oyster harvest most years. In Maryland, the growing but still fledgling industry produced 64,609 bushels last year, up from around 50,000 bushels in 2015.
Timothy B. Wheeler is managing editor and project writer for the Bay Journal. They have more than two decades of experience covering the environment for The Baltimore Sun and other media outlets.
Unfortunately, the predominant exposure most non-Indigenous people get to Indigenous-inspired designs is through cheap souvenirs and tourist trinkets, says Paul.
Despite the fact that many Indigenous communities boast master weavers, beaders, and applique artists, they have yet to receive broader recognition for their talents, they say.
"(It's) because of colonization and because of the commodification of our culture and I think a lot of it has been cheapened through that," says the 34-year-old.
"You can go to any Canadian tourist store and buy a really cheap piece of beaded work that's not even made here in Canada.... It costs more money to do one of a kind custom-made pieces."
By nature, the fashion industry has not been friendly to emerging creators who more often work-to-order or only make small batches, they add. Those on remote reserves are at a further disadvantage because tools, materials and shipping are more expensive.
"We're not going to be able to mass produce at the level that a major retailer would want. I'm hoping to change or to start influencing how we work with Indigenous designers ... to look at purchasing lower quantities and understanding the value with that," they say.
"By bringing everyone to Toronto I'm really hoping that that sparks some sort of interest and motivation for retailers and buyers to actively go out and find these designers, regardless of where they're located."
With sustainable fashion now trendy in the broader fashion world, Paul hopes Indigenous techniques and knowledge can be recognized for their value. They point to the inspiring work of Janelle Wawia, a self-taught artist from northwestern Ontario who traps their own furs and leather.
"We know where the food goes — it goes into the community to feed community members, bones are used for tools and the fur is used for whatever is being made out of the clothing."
Ducharme says he's added 10 new pieces to a collection they revealed at Vancouver Indigenous Fashion Week last summer, and will unveil their reimagined showcase in part to combat notions that designs are disposable from season-to-season.
The 25-year-old — whose designs are not geared specifically to men or women, but rather "genderless" wearers — says welcoming new ideas is key to fashion's future.
And he's got plenty to offer.
"My work is always going to be an ode to those ancestors who did everything that they could so that my generation and the generations to come after me would have a better tomorrow."
Indigenous Fashion Week Toronto starts Thursday and runs through Sunday.
———
Online: www.ifwtoronto.com
By Cassandra Szklarski, The Canadian Press
Hey, folks! Welcome back to our series on hardline water-cooling! Previously, we covered:
This time, however, we're stepping backwards a bit and having a closer look at how exactly you plan a hardline loop in the first place.
It's quite a common question that pops up alongside the subject of hardline tubing, because from the outset it does seem like quite a task. Not being able to just put tubes in willy-nilly and have it all work out can make the subject quite daunting, particularly for newcomers to water-cooling. To that end, we're going to have a look at some of the methods used to both approximate tubing routes and ensure you don't get lost along the way.
CAD
Quite often the first question people ask me is how I approach things for my own projects. For me, most of the time it comes down to Computer Aided Design, or CAD. Whilst it's definitely one of the most intensive ways to plan a water-cooling loop, I find it offers a huge amount of flexibility that more traditional methods simply can't hope to match. The main reason for this is that if you model a loop in a CAD package (I use Autodesk Fusion 360 now, which is free for non-commercial purposes and enthusiasts), you can take into account custom parts very easily.
I like to design water blocks and reservoirs that will later be machined from raw stock, and to make these you need a CAD model first. It follows that if you want to know where to place all the relevant ports and potential tubing routes, planning the whole loop in CAD actually makes a lot of sense. Usually, I will model all the components myself based on the physical objects, but if manufacturers are willing to supply accurate 3D models I will use those too. This means I can be confident that either the measurements are correct, or if something is wrong that I can troubleshoot it.
That's the hard way. It's not hard because it's difficult; it's just slow. There is a better way for quickly doing this, and that's to find freely available models online from sites such as GrabCAD. There's a colossal database of parts modelled by community members and shared, ranging from highly detailed parts to rough placeholders. Simply download the parts that fit your hardware configuration closest and plan away.
Aside from being able to include custom parts in a plan, CAD allows you to render your creation and visualise it - great if you're stuck as to which colour combination you wanted to try. Whilst it takes some time to get used to if you don't have prior experience, I would wholeheartedly push that it's worth the effort. For rendering, I like to use Cycles within Blender. It's free, open source, and very capable, the only issue being it doesn't interface with CAD packages natively (you have to import models and do everything manually). Fusion 360 has a capable rendering engine built in, however, so you can get some usable (and sometimes very impressive) results straight off the bat.
Exactly how to use CAD is a bit of a loaded question, though, because it differs from app to app. In general, though, you want to rough out your layout with your parts, assemble fittings into place, and then use the measuring tools to figure out tubing sizes. I use paths drawn from fitting to simulate the tubing runs, and this is quite a popular method, as you get a real sense of what the layout will look like. Just be sure to use values for your bends that match closely to real life; if you're too optimistic about making bends tight then you could be in for a rough ride later when you make the real thing.
Members of the BBC Scottish Symphony Orchestra visited Galashiels last Saturday to work with young musicians from the Borders Youth Orchestra, Junior String Orchestra and Junior Wind Band.
The workshop, held at Galashiels Academy, was part of the BBC Ten Pieces project which aims to open up classical music to a new generation of children and inspire them to develop their own creative responses to music.
Over the course of the day the children received expert coaching from some of Scotland's top orchestral musicians before staging an informal concert for parents and friends.
Around 90 pupils from all of the region's high schools and many primary schools took part in the workshop. Music performed included Ten Pieces favourites by Stravinsky, Beethoven and John Adams.
Any young musician who would like to play in one of the regional music groups should email music@scotborders.gov.uk or telephone 01835 825097.
The closing date for applications to join a music ensemble next session is Friday, June 23.
Salman Khan's co-star, Pooja Dadwal, who has worked with a superstar in the 1990s film Veergati, is currently suffering from tuberculosis and lung-related sickness. Them family members have reportedly abandoned them and they even have no money to buy a cup of tea.
Pooja Dadwal spoke to Navbharat Times, “Six months ago I learned that I have something as serious as TB. I tried to reach out to Salman Khan for help but was not able to establish any contact. If they see my video, then perhaps they will help me out.”
Also Read: Crazy Fan Girl Entered Salman Khan's Appartment To Commit Suicide
“If they look at my video then maybe they will try to offer some help. I have been admitted to this hospital for the last 15 days. I have been doing casino management in Goa for the last several years. I have no money at all, I depend on others for even a cup of tea.”
Pooja also worked in films such as Hindustan and Sindoor Saugand.
Coventry's Ricoh Arena which will play host to the Coventry Telegraph Business Awards 2015
Ricoh Arena is backing the Birmingham Post Business Awards by sponsoring the celebrity hosts of the gala event – comedian Mark Dolan and Olympian Gail Emms MBE.
The international business, entertainment and sport destination, which is home to Wasps RFC, is the latest prestigious business to tell how it is backing BPBA 2017, which will be held at the ICC on Wednesday, October 18.
TV comedian, Mark Dolan and Olympian, Gail Emms MBE are hosting CTBA 2017
Birmingham's best businesses will be celebrated at the awards with comedian, writer and TV presenter Mark Dolan – who has appeared on Channel 4's Balls of Steel and The Mad Bad Ad Show – and Badminton Ambassador Gail Emms, who achieved international success in doubles tournaments.
Ricoh Arena Managing Director Andy Gibb said: “The Ricoh Arena welcomes a variety of different businesses from Birmingham throughout the year and the venue sees first-hand the great work that they do, and we're passionate about celebrating their successes.
“The venue also places great importance on putting the West Midlands region on the map, and is hoping to build relationships with even more businesses moving forward.
Andy Gibb Managing Director, Ricoh Arena
The award-winning Ricoh Arena, in Coventry, hosts a combination of exhibitions, conferences, meetings, music concerts and sports events and has attracted international artist like Bruce Springsteen and Robbie Williams.
It boasts 7,500 square metres of exhibition and conference space, a 32,600-seater stadium, an integrated 121-bedroom hotel, 54 hospitality boxes, an on-site casino, two restaurants and a coffee shop.
Nominate your company for BPBA 2017 here
Mr Gibb continued: “Companies of all sizes are defined by their people, and there are many unsung heroes that deserve recognition for their dedication and hard work – and the Birmingham Post Business Awards provides the perfect stage to do just that.
“Businesses also play a core role in the communities that they are in – whether that is through job creation, providing vital services or employees fundraising for worthy causes – so it's important that this is also recognised.
“Birmingham's central location means it is within easy reach of the majority of the country – an unenviable advantage for doing business.
“The city also has a growing population of more than one million people – which is not only a fantastic market for businesses in Birmingham, but for other towns and cities in the region too.”
See all the categories for BPBA 2017 here
Ricoh Arena held 777 events last year – a new record – and the venue's ambitions don't stop there.
Mr Gibb explained: “We are continuing to expand our busy meetings, conference and exhibition programme.
“The aim is to also build upon our record 777 events.
“We have also been upgrading the Ricoh Arena's facilities in line with our technology partner Ericsson to make it one of the most digitally enabled venues in the UK, so watch this space for further announcements later in the year.”
How to enter BPBA 2017
Birmingham Post Business Awards 2016: Small Business of the Year award winners RP Technologies Ltd
A wealth of top companies across Birmingham have already entered this BPBA 2017.
And the line up of sponsors continues to grow.
More than 800 guests are expected to attend the gala event which will feature a Champagne reception, a three-course meal prepared by award-winning ICC chefs, and charity games.
It's easy to enter this year's Birmingham Post Business Awards.
Just go to our website and follow the instructions by clicking here
The deadline for entries is Friday, July 21.
Birmingham Post Business Awards 2016 at the ICC
• For more information on how you can get involved with this year's Birmingham Post Business Awards visit the BPBA 2017 website here or contact Ashleigh Kerr at Champions (UK) plc on 01509 85 29 27 or via email at akerr@championsukplc.com
Get Free Email Updates!
Εγγραφείτε δωρεάν στο καθημερινό newsletter του insuranceworld.gr
I will never give away, trade or sell your email address. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Uniting States of Marijuana: the country's evolving laws on cannabis
Results from the 2016 election brought about new rules on the use of recreational and medicinal marijuana in several states, with more than half now allowing for the later. Federal government leaders including president-elect Trump have voiced the
The President claimed that all sides committed acts of violence in Charlottesville, VA, but the person who rammed a car into a crowd of people killing one and injuring 19 idolized Hitlers and held white supremacist views.
NEW BERN, N.C. (WNCT) — Meditation with a purpose – today people came out to Sound Fitness in New Bern for a meditation course, with all proceeds going to the Wounded Warrior Project.
Meditation works on finding calm within each individual's busy lives with instruction and practice.
The idea spun in part from Sound Fitness' involvement in the Veteran's Yoga Project in November, which brings awareness to the benefits of yoga for troops.
Meditation similarly calming, the Wounded Warrior Project helps veterans as well.
“It connects them with likeminded people for mentoring, for support and for support for caregivers,” said Brooke White, owner of Sound Fitness. “And [it] provides so many free services that we're not even aware of because they don't talk about it much and they need to talk about it more.”
Sound Fitness is a full service gym in New Bern with group fitness classes, yoga classes, and martial arts training. They will hold another meditation course on the 17th of February.
Ronald Ellis jabs at Junior Younan en route to a split draw on Feb. 3, 2017. Photo / @ShowtimeBoxing
They say that someone's “0” has to go, but both Junior Younan and Ronald Ellis retained their unbeaten marks after their 10-round super middleweight bout in the main event of a ShoBox: The New Generation telecast ended in a draw Friday.
One judge had it 96-94 for Ellis (14-0-2, 10 KOs), another had it the same score for Younan (13-0-1, 9 KOs), while the third scored it even at 95-95 in a close bout at WinnaVegas Casino & Resort in Sloan, Iowa, with both prospects gaining significant experience in their first step-up to the 10-round level.
Younan, a one-time top amateur at the Junior Olympic level from Brooklyn, N.Y., controlled the fight early on with their flashy hand speed and movement but began to slow as the fight progressed, allowing Ellis, of Lynn, Mass., to take the initiative and work along the ropes.
Ellis, who is six years older at 28, looked to have the momentum shifting their way in the eighth before Younan turned the bout in that round, unloading with big shots to catch the judges' eyes.
The final two rounds were slower than that exhibition, hinting at more room for growth from the two 168 pounders.
Earlier in the night, Thomas Mattice (11-0, 9 KOs) looked overmatched early on against Rolando Chinea (15-2-1, 6 KOs) but managed to turn the fight around in the seventh of an eight-round scheduled lightweight fight. A right hand along the ropes started the trouble for Chinea, and the Cleveland native Mattice kept up the pressure, firing away with straight punches until a left hook put Chinea down.
Mattice, 27, is a three-time Ohio State Golden Gloves champ and won the Ringside Worlds in 2014, according to a press release from their promoter, GH3 Promotions.
Chinea, 26, had spoiled a number of unbeaten records over the past two years, including a majority decision win over Kenneth Sims Jr in their previous fight.
Victims, all. Alex Wong/Getty Images
Them too: Why shouldn't female candidates talk about sexual harassment? Christina Cauterucci wonders. Plenty of male candidates frame themselves as victims who've overcome obstacles, and harassment in the workplace is nothing if not an obstacle.
Well done: The GOP slashed the mortgage interest deduction and it wasn't as ruinous as Jordan Weissmann feared. In coming years, they argue, Democrats should kill it altogether.
Killing us: Both blue- and white-collar work is arranged in ways that are dangerous to our bodies, Jeffrey Pfeffer tells Brigid Schulte. “Many of these workplace practices, like work-family conflict and long work hours, are as harmful to health as secondhand smoke, a known and regulated carcinogen,” Pfeffer argues.
Oof: The Handmaid's Tale, Season 2, is brutal, bloody, utterly harrowing, and should probably never have been made, Willa Paskin writes.
For fun: Go ahead, have a PB&P.
Just get the right pickles,
Rebecca
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
1:40 A look back at SLO startup Shopatron, as Kibo announces local layoffs
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
VESTAL, N.Y. - Binghamton men's basketball will take advantage of a four-game, six-day swing through Ontario, Canada in August, to get a jump on the 2017-18 season.
Sixth-year head coach Tommy Dempsey and their Bearcats will depart on August 8 and play four-games-in-five-days in St. Catharines and Toronto. Binghamton will face Brock University in St. Catharines on August 9 to open the trip. One night later, BU will stay in town and play Laurier University at Brock's Bob Davis Gymnasium. After a day of travel to Toronto, the Bearcats will face Ryerson University on August 12 and then close with a neutral game against McMaster University on August 13.
"We are really excited to get back onto the court together this summer," Dempsey said. "Although we are returning a veteran group we do have some important additions to the roster and those guys will get an opportunity to mesh with our returning core, which gives us a nice head start to next season. We also thought it was important to get J.C. (Show) back into game action after missing so much time last season."
The Bearcats return 11 letter winners, including their top five scorers from last season. Leading the charge are senior forward Willie Rodriguez (1,105 career points), junior guard J.C. Show (four 20+ point performances in 12 games before injury last December) and reigning team MVP Bobby Ahearn (9.7 ppg., 4.6 rpg.).
Binghamton's lineup will also be bolstered by the addition of three newcomers.
Ready to compete in 2017-18 are junior forward Caleb Stewart and first-year student wing Tyler Stewart, each of whom sat out last season but practiced with the team during their redshirt seasons. Caleb scored 467 points as a sophomore at St. Leo College (Fla.). Tyler was an all-conference selection in the highly-competitive Mid-Atlantic Conference for their St. Andrew's Episcopal High School team.
Also joining the program and eligible to play after the first semester is first-year student guard Albert Odero. A former second team all-state guard at Oneonta High, Odero averaged 26.0 points and 10.3 rebounds at St. John's Catholic Prep (Md.) last season before enrolling at BU last spring.
Binghamton's 2017-18 schedule is being finalized and will be released later in the summer. The Canadian Tour games will not count in the team's win-loss record.
(Courtesy: BU Athletics)
#Chaisam wedding is undoubtedly the most-awaited celebrity wedding of South Indian film industry, in recent times. Naga Chaitanya and Samantha Ruth Prabhu, the Ye Maya Chesave co-stars, are all set to exchange wedding vows in the real life, too.
Naga Chaitanya and Samantha recently finished their Mehendi rituals in a grand ceremony, which was attended by Akkineni, Prabhu, and Rama Naidu families. Samantha also made sure that they shared the pictures of their fairytale wedding with their fans and well-wishers, through social networking platforms.
As per the sources, Naga Chaitanya and Samantha will tie the knot as per the Hindu customs, today (October 6). The couple will renew wedding vows at a Christian wedding ceremony, which has been slated to be held on October 7.
Check out the Chaisam Mehendi pictures, here...
5/30/2018 update:
Nearly a year after they were rescued, America and Liberty were released back into the wild near Washington's Spokane Valley, according to Idaho Black Bear Rehab staff.
"Looks like normal - Liberty running headlong & America chasing right behind them They will most likely stay together for a little while, but if not each is capable of handling their own lives," IBBR wrote on Facebook.
The bears were both ear tagged and radio collared before their release.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"They must be thrilled with their freedom and that lush environment, but I do wonder if they get a little scared at first," IBBR said on Facebook. "In no time, they'll be chasing through the trees, rolling down hills, and belly flopping into water. A whole secret life we don't get to be a part of, but a good life for them."
——
This week, a Garden City wildlife rehabilitation center welcomed two cute new additions — but their arrival isn't all rosy.
The cubs, which rescuers at Idaho Black Bear Rehab believe are both female, were brought in on July 4 after their mother was shot and killed in the Kings Lake area of Washington State.
“Someone felt threatened by the mom and shot her,” explained Sally Maughan, founder and president of IBBR. “Then they discovered the cubs and contacted Fish and Wildlife, who got in touch with us.”
Because the orphans were brought in on Independence Day, the IBBR staff thought it was only fitting that the pair have patriotic names. America and Liberty (or Abearica and Libearty) are about four months old, Maughan estimated.
For now, IBBR staffers haven't assigned the names to either cub in particular. Sally said the little bears' personalities will become more apparent as they grow, and the names will stick then.
America and Liberty will likely be released into the wild next year in the late spring. Maughan, who said they don't think “a life in captivity is appropriate” for bears, expects the pair will likely be taken back to the Washington wilderness where they were found. But right now, the small cubs — one chocolate brown and the other black — are being formula-fed and exploring their new environment as rehabbers give them time to settle in.
“They need to feel secure,” Maughan said. “Their world's been turned upside down.”
The bear cubs arrived at IBBR amid a nationwide boom in stories about bear attacks and intrusions — also on the Fourth of July, a black bear attacked a 60-year-old woman hiking with their two dogs in North Idaho. A teenager in Alaska was killed last month by a bear after the boy got lost running a race.A professional runner in Maine recently survived pursuit by two bears.And a bear in Colorado was caught on camera scavenging through a kitchen as homeowners slept through the whole thing.
Maughan explained that the folks at IBBR aren't necessarily anti-hunting. In fact, they said, several hunters donate venison to the rehab to help feed the bears. Maughan said IBBR emphasizes being BearWise in order to avoid conflicts and run-ins with the wild animals.
“I wasn't the person who shot (the cubs') mom, and I don't feel I have the right to judge,” Maughan said. “I know they felt threatened, and I hope they made the right call.”
What's important to Maughan now, they said, is the fact that America and Liberty made their way to IBBR.
“You always wish there were no orphan cubs, but we are so glad they were found,” Maughan said.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
(credit: CBS)
It's been another crazy Minnesota winter weather-wise, but that doesn't stop the merriment from happening. This is just a sample of happenings in February. (Note: the list doesn't include the large number of Polar Plunges—or, in Wabasha, the Grumpy Old Men Plunge—occurring around the state this month.)
St. Paul
Wells Fargo WinterSkate in Rice Park
Daily through Feb. 11; check the website for hours and weather cancellations
Enjoy one of winter's most charming rituals in one of the Twin Cities' most charming locations. Ice skate rental available for $4 on a first-come, first-served basis (free for Wells Fargo customers).
St. Paul Winter Carnival
Now through Feb. 10
Take that, you stupid New York reporters of the late 1800's; Minnesota is not “another Siberia, unfit for human habitation in the winter.” And with that, a cherished annual festival was created. Coronations, ice-carving contests, snow-block building, snow sculptures, a lavish torchlight parade, hockey tournaments, maybe even snow soccer. Don't be a wimp.
Spicer
Winterfest
Now through Feb. 11
Spicer (just outside of Willmar) takes its winter festival very seriously. Three packed weeks of bonfires, snowmobile runs, fish fries, fishing tournaments, Frozen 5K, Polar Plunge, and fireworks.
Ely
Winter Festival
Now through Feb. 11
If you can't find something to do at this festival, you're a curmudgeon indeed. Learn how to sculpt snow, take a dog sled ride, attend a dance, enjoy live music, visit the Dorothy Molter Museum, go snowshoeing or skiing, and attend the Mukluk Ball.
Waseca
Sleigh and Cutter Festival
Now through Mar. 10
Waseca celebrates its heritage with some fun old-time activities. A kickball tournament (yes, outdoors), vintage snowmobile ride, old-fashioned ice harvest, a golf tournament, and snowmobile races.
Winona
Frozen River Film Festival
Feb. 3-11
Independent and foreign films abound in this annual festival. Besides an extensive film list, enjoy live music performances and programs lead by leading environmentalists and local filmmakers.
New Ulm
Fasching
Feb. 10
True to its German heritage, New Ulm celebrates Fasching, a German Mardi Gras that occurs before Ash Wednesday. German food, music, dancing, even a Parade of Costumes.
St. Paul
Victorian Poetry Slam
Feb. 14
The James J. Hill House is home to this annual tradition, where costumed actors recite poems by the likes of Poe, Dickinson, and Browning, and conclude with refreshments and a house tour. Reservations recommended.
St. Paul
Mondo Juggling and Unicyle Festival
Feb. 16-18
Your chance to try juggling or unicycling—or just attend the Spectacular and see what the pros can do—and music and magic too.
Apple Valley
Tropical Beach Party
Feb. 17-Mar. 11
If you've had about enough of winter, then head out to the Minnesota Zoo. It's beach time. Yes, really—there'll be plenty of sand for everyone to play with. Not to mention calypso music. Vic
Walker
Eelpout Festival
Feb. 22-25
Arguably one of the ugliest fish out there, eelpout serves as the centerpiece for this festival, now in its 39th year. Fish fries, mechanical bull rides, auto race on the lake, dancing, and of course, fishing for eelpout.
Nisswa
Frozen Fore
Feb. 22-25
Missing your summertime golf? Then this is just right for you. Several 9-hole courses set up around Gull Lake, parties with music and food, and a hockey tournament.
What else is happening in our state? Be sure to check out the 10 p.m. Tuesday night WCCO newscasts, where you can learn more in the weekly segment, Finding Minnesota.
Recently releasing visuals to "Words," the seventh track of their Wonderland EP, Jasmine Thompson stopped by Fuse to chat in emojis... literally. While playing a quick game of I Speak Emojis, the UK-based singer/YouTube star describes their music, reveals their favorite artist and fills us in on their unreleased track "Girls."
After returning to London from LA a couple of months ago, the 16-year-old musician was inspired to write a new song after feeling a little intimidated. "I came back to London having a very negative view on myself and really jealous of people and I hate getting jealous," they share. "It's like the worst feeling to have... I'm trying to get over it. So I wrote a song called 'Girl' and that's basically what it's about."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A convoy carrying supplies for the victims of the devastating Grenfell tower block fire in London has set off from Birmingham tonight.
Councillor Mariam Khan was overwhelmed when they appealed to Brummies to donate bedding, blankets, clothes, toys, water, food and other essentials when they made an appeal at midday.
Twelve people have died in the fire and the number of deaths is expected to rise, police have said.
Coun Khan was spurred into action after waking up to the dreadful news this morning.
By 4pm, volunteers had collected two van load of goods from their base at St John's House in Alum Rock.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They said: “People were just grateful for the opportunity to do something and everybody was really upset by what's happened.
“The generosity of people has really been overwhelming. In such a short amount of time we have filled two van loads.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
“People have said they can volunteer and add a third vehicle.
“I put the call out on my Facebook and Twitter just after midday and then it started getting shared.
“Within four hours, I had people turn up from all over the city. We had a lot of local people and people from Bournville, Harborne, Stirchley, Solihull, Boldmere.
“People were coming and dropping off bags of blankets, foods, clothes, crates of water and other essential items.
(Photo: Birmingham Mail)
“We had a few of the local mosques make collections and bring them over. The main one was the Zia Ul Quran Mosque in Alum Rock.”
The convoy was due to set off from Birmingham by 7pm and head towards two potential relief centres, the Queens Park Rangers ground or Kensington Town Hall.
(Photo: Rick Findler/PA Wire)
They said: “It will be a long night but we are trying to do what we can to help.
“This morning, I just wanted to do something more and had this idea. The community of Birmingham has come together and it shows that at times like this, people can come together.”
Valentine's Day means chocolate and flowers, but the true meaning of love can be found at Stonehaven Manor in Kanata.
That's where Nelson and Margaret Evoy live. The couple was married on October 22nd, 1938 and 78 years later, are still going strong.
"We have lived together that long it doesn't seem that long," says 98-year-old Nelson.
"All of a sudden we were up there wondering how we ever got there."
The pair met skating at Fisher Park. 15-year-old Nelson was a hockey player and 13-year-old Margaret loved to skate. The two had a crush on each other since that day. After five years of dating, they tied the knot at St. Luke's Church.
Close to eight decades later, they're still just at witty and sharp.
"I'm not that bad yet," responds 97-year-old Margaret when asked if they remember the day them and Nelson met.
Humour and honesty are a big part of their relationship.
"If we were to buy something, this is the most frugal lady I think you could imagine," says Nelson. "Thank God!"
On Sunday, the couple was honoured by Worldwide Marriage Encounter as one of Canada's longest married couples.
The big question - what's their secret?
"We never argued," says Nelson.
"I think you have to show each other, pretty well daily, how much you care," says Margaret.
That love and emotion is still present in everything they do.
"I thanked them for every meal we ever had," recalls Nelson.
"He did...he still does," confirms Margaret.
Nelson spent 41 years with the Royal Canadian Air Force, starting as a medic and then moving into hospital administration. The couple had six kids, but one died at just five months old. Now, they have 13 grandchildren, 28 great-grandchildren and four great-great-grandchildren.
"They have been such good people and good parents...it's just right to celebrate it for them," says an emotional Peggy Keddy, the couple's eldest daughter who is 77-years-old.
"I'm in my 75th year and I'm still able to call my parents and have a conversation with them," says Bill Evoy, one of Nelson and Margaret's sons.
"It's pretty special."
Revised data released by the University of Michigan on Friday showed only a slight deterioration in U.S. consumer sentiment in the month of January.
The report said the consumer sentiment index for January was upwardly revised to 95.7 from the preliminary reading of 94.4. Economists had expected the index to be upwardly revised to 95.0.
With the bigger than expected upward revision, the consumer sentiment index is just below the final December reading of 95.9.
"Stock price increases and the passage of tax reforms were mentioned by all-time record numbers of consumers," said Richard Curtin, the survey's chief economist.
They added, "To be sure, there were small offsetting declines among lower income households and residents of the Northeast."
The report said the current economic conditions index fell to 110.5 in January from 113.8 in December, while the index of consumer expectations rose to 86.3 from 84.3.
On the inflation front, one-year inflation expectations held at 2.7 percent, but five-year inflation expectations crept up to 2.5 percent in January from 2.4 percent in December.
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Business News
KLA-Tencor Corp. agreed to acquire Orbotech Ltd., an Israeli firm that develops ways to enhance manufacturing of electronic products, to diversify its sources of growth.
KLA will buy Orbotech for about $69.02 per share through a combination of cash and stock, according to a statement Monday. That gives Orbotech an equity value of approximately $3.4 billion and represents a 15 percent premium over Friday's closing price in New York.
“This acquisition is consistent with our strategy to pursue sustained, profitable growth by expanding into adjacent markets," Rick Wallace, KLA's chief executive officer, said in the statement. “Our companies fit together exceptionally well in terms of people, processes, and technology.”
Orbotech's shares, which have doubled over the past year, were up 7.6 percent to $64.42 at 10:55 a.m. in New York, on track for their highest close since September 2000. KLA shares were down 3.2 percent Monday but have risen 23 percent over the past year.
Saving Costs
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, an evangelist for Israeli technology on their foreign travels, praised the deal.
“More good news for the hi-tech sector and the Israeli economy!” they said on their Twitter feed. “I was happy to hear that the company, which employs 2,500 people, will continue to operate” from the Israeli city of Yavne, rather than moving its operations overseas.
Total cost synergies from the deal are expected to be $50 million, reached within two years following the closing of the deal. The transaction will be “immediately accretive” to KLA's revenue, adjusted earnings and free cash flow, the statement said. The deal is expected to close before the end of the year.
The deal “is further proof of Orbotech's positioning in the markets in which it operates and the strength of its business model,” Orbotech CEO Asher Levy said. “The agreement between the companies significantly strengthens the chances of the joint company to successfully cope with the large investment waves expected in the coming years in the world of electronics.”
KLA, a semiconductor manufacturer based in Milpitas, California, also said it will repurchase $2 billion of its own shares. The company will fund the acquisition and stock buyback with cash on hand and proceeds from a $1 billion sale in new long-term debt.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. acted as exclusive financial adviser to KLA-Tencor, while Barclays Plc served the same role for Orbotech.
The Nigeria Police Force, in conjunction with Bastion Chambers, a law firm, has begun a two-day training of its 80 personnel on prosecution and investigation to ensure effective service delivery.
The Inspector-General of Police, Mr Ibrahim Idris who declared the training open on Monday, said the exercise would enhance the performances of police prosecutors and investigators in legal practices.
Idris was represented by Mr Emmanuel Inyang, the Deputy Inspector-General of Police in charge of training at the force headquarters.
They charged the participants in the programme tagged “Train the Trainers,” to transfer the knowledge they would acquire, to other officers in their units.
“You are all expected to transfer the knowledge acquired from this workshop to other officers under you,” they said.
They said that the force had worked assiduously to execute its cardinal objectives under Section 4 of the Police Act in order to change the outlook of the force.
“We also believe that training and development are required to enable staff to work toward taking the organisation to its expected destination,” they said.
Idris said that police officers like their counterparts in other agencies, required knowledge, attitudinal change and competence to perform optimally.
They said that training in the force should be based on the fundamental values of democracy, rule of law and protection of human rights.
The inspector-general added that the democratic tenets also formed the objectives of the force.
Mr Mohhamed Nakordi, a representative of Bastion Chambers, said that the training was aimed at addressing the challenges faced by the police in criminal prosecution.
Nakordi said that the training was meant for 40 police prosecutors and 40 investigators.
“We are training these officers so that they can as well train others under them in their various commands and units,” they said.
They said that the police lost most of their cases in courts, because of inadequate training on legal skills, adding that the training would reduce the number of lost cases.
Here's a quick roundup of some of the mini-moments you may have missed on this week's Morning Edition.
Blessed be this beer
You might have missed it, but NPR's Morning Edition did cover the initial story of seven student priests who were tragically turned away from a bar in Cardiff, Wales after the staff thought they were dressed up for a bachelor party. The group just wanted to celebrate a friend's ordination. After the manager realized they weren't dressed up in costumes, they bought them a round on the house. Now, the story gets even better. As Morning Edition guest host Ailsa Chang said on Wednesday, all of the attention led the pub to rename one of its ales "The Thirsty Priests." The beer comes with a slogan saying "Saving souls and satisfying thirst." Talk about a tale of redemption and spreading some good spirit.
St. Louis is feline fine
You know the saying: "One man's lost cat is another man's good luck charm." At least that's the saying the St. Louis Cardinals are adopting after a cat got onto the field during Wednesday's game against the Kansas City Royals. As Morning Edition host David Greene said on Thursday, the Royals announcers were poking fun at the little kitten, but then the next pitch came and the Cardinals' Yadier Molina hit a grand slam that ultimately won the game for St. Louis.
The cat captivated the crowd and a crew member was sent out to retrieve it. Well, they got the cat and then the cat bit them as they were being escorted off the field. The Rally Cat saga doesn't end there. The cat later escaped and was found at a local park and taken to a vet. Since then, the cat has become a local celebrity and constant presence on the team's social media account. As ESPN reported, after the initial ordeal, Cardinals manager Mike Matheny said, "I'm not a cat person, but I sure liked that one." And as it turns out, everyone is a cat person. The Cardinals have said they will honor Rally Cat during their game on Sept. 10 with a Rally Cat Appreciation Day commemorated by T-shirts and a portion of the ticket sales benefitting former Cardinals manager Tony La Russa's Animal Rescue Foundation.
As much as I love Rally Cat, it's important to remember that this is not the first time a furry critter has been a sign of luck for the Cardinals. In 2011, an aloof squirrel became Rally Squirrel after interrupting play. That year, the team went on to win the World Series. So there's hope yet for Rally Cat's power.
Breaking and entering...and housekeeping
After real life horror stories and movies like Home Alone, it's understandable why people are paranoid about leaving their homes while on vacation. You never know who's watching and you definitely don't want burglars to take advantage of your absence and have them clean your house — unless they really just clean the house and don't take anything. As Morning Edition host Rachel Martin said on Friday, a resident of Rosslyn, Va., came home after being on a trip and realized someone had broken into their apartment.
Thankfully, nothing had been taken, but whoever came in had moved some things around and cleaned the entire apartment. They probably just decided some feng shui and a scrub down was necessary. Despite the gesture, it makes sense that the resident called the police and reported the culprit.
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The potential loss of The Roadhouse Birmingham club following a major fire is the latest in a long line of blows to the city's live music scene.
The American-style rock club had been closed since September last year, but the operators had been hoping to reopen this year.
Instead, between 40-50 firefighters spent the night using eight appliances to tackle a blaze that West Midlands Fire Service said had been started deliberately.
(Image: @snappersk)
The news means that the area has now lost the successor club to The Breedon Bar, which was a popular haunt for rock fans just across Lifford Lane during its heyday from around 1988-92.
Here we take a look at the venues that have gone or could be going - and there's a glimmer of hope with the news of a new one.
Gone: Edwards No 8
(Image: Jason Skarratt)
The Lower Severn Street venue close to John Bright Street started out as a nightclub until 1987 when it became a rock venue, hosting gigs from the likes of Nirvana, Pearl Jam and Rage Against the Machine.
The original venue was destroyed on November 12, 2006 when fire broke out and 500 people had to be evacuated.
Fire crews were called to the club at 1am after a fire began in an upstairs tiolet.
The traditional place to go before Eddie's was The Costermonger at the back of the Oasis market, which closed in 2009.
Going? The Flapper
(Image: Nick Wilkinson)
This canalside pub near to the Arena Birmingham is currently under threat from the sites owner who wants to build an apartment block in its place.
Birmingham's canalside live music venue The Flapper has announced it will cease trading in June.
But the fight to save it from becoming an apartment block goes on, backed by a petition signed by more than 11,000 supporters.
Last June, developer Will Adams revealed plans to build a £10 million, 12-storey, 66-home flat block in place of the The Flapper, a pub which was designed to respect the sense of open space in the area.
But residents in six nearby Grade II listed Georgian cottages say they would be badly affected.
Gone: The Rainbow
The Victorian pub in Digbeth closed its doors in May, 2017.
It had played host to Ocean Colour Scene, Tinie Tempah, La Roux, Example, Bastille and Joss Stone, among others.
The pub spawned the Rainbow Venues clubs including the Arena, Blackbox and Spotlight, and survived a noise abatement order in 2009 after complaints from nearby residents. Within ten days, some 22,000 people had signed up to the Save The Rainbow campaign.
On January 19, 2018 Rainbow Venues announced the closure of multiple clubs in Birmingham.
Venues owner Lee McDonald said: "On November 28 the Rainbow Warehouse lost its music licence.
"That has actually spelt the end of the Rainbow Venues in its entirety . Absolutely everything has gone. Unfortunately, Crane has gone, Rainbow Arena, The Car Park, Warehouse, Roof Garden, Blackbox."
Exclusive: Legendary pub The Rainbow in Digbeth to close down
Going? The Crown
(Image: Graham Young)
In 2014, Black Sabbath's first manager Jim Simpson was talking excitedly about the prospect of the The Crown on Station Street becoming the Birmingham equivalent of The Cavern.
Liverpool would only realise the value of the place where the Beatles built their reputation after knocking it down - so the city recreated it for tourists.
But while Birmingham still had the upstairs room where Earth played their first gig with the classic line-up that would be renamed Black Sabbath, Jim knew the the city had a potential goldmine rock and roll museum in the making.
Bands like Led Zeppelin, Status Quo, Thin Lizzy and The Who had all plied their trade at The Crown and Ian Campbell, father of the UB40 brothers Robin and Ali, had earlier made folk history there by making a live recording at the pub.
Jim was looking forward to Grand Central and the John Lewis department store being completed in September 2015, along with the revamped New Street Railway Station also just yards away on the other side of Station Street.
But developers had already bought The Crown site by then.
They shut the pub down in the middle of the 2014 World Cup and have seemingly been sitting on the empty shell of rock and roll history ever since.
Gone: Kings Heath Ritz Ballroom
(Image: Jonathan Hipkiss)
In 2015, bulldozers moved into demolish the fire-ravaged former Kings Heath Ritz Ballroom on York Road.
Once a destination for future rock legends when it was run by Joe and Mary Regan, it became a Cash Convertors' store and was was ravaged by fire in March, 2013.
Most of the major artists of the 1960s played there at the start of their careers including Robert Plant on April 24, 1966, The Kinks on June 11, 1966, Pink Floyd on December 16, 1967 as well as The Beatles on February 15, 1963 and The Rolling Stones on September, 14, 1963.
Just a year before the fire, local music fans had announced plans to launch a Walk of Fame in the area.
Gone: Mothers
The rock club on Erdington High Street was only open from 1968-71.
But during that time the greatest names in rock forged their talents there, including Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, The Who, Deep Purple, Free, Traffic, Marc Bolan, Jimi Hendrix, Fleetwood Mac and Pink Floyd.
It was twice named the best rock venue in the world and legendary radio DJ John Peel was a regular talent spotter there.
Although the site has been celebrated in recent years it is now a store.
Events have included a Mothers Music Club 1968-71 Reunion will be at St Barnabas Church, Erdington from 10am-8pm on Saturday, February 21, 2015.
Also gone
Other venues to have shut over the years include Ronnie Scott's on Broad Street; the Fiddle and Bone on Sheepcote Street; The Powerhouse on Hurst Street; the Hummingbird, Dale End; XL's, Five Ways Shopping Centre; The Jug of Ale, Alcester Road, Moseley; Alfie Bird's, Custard Factory; The Yardbird, Paradise Circus, The Barrel Organ, Digbeth and the Xposure Rock Cafe, Fletchers Walk; The Mercat Cross, Bradford Street and The Railway, Curzon Street.
The former Kings Arms pub in Harborne was severely damaged by fire in July 2013, weeks after becoming The Huntsman with a Lord of the Rings theme.
(Image: Graham Young)
In January this year, plans were announced to transform Kings Heath's former Kingsway cinema and bingo hall into a new £5 million mixed-use development.
The 1925 building closed as a cinema in 1980 and later reopened as a bingo hall, closing again in 2007.
A fire in 2011 then destroyed 80 per cent of the fixtures, fittings and structure.
On November 15, 2017 a fire was started inside the former Royalty Cinema in Harborne.
But the smoke was spotted in time for the fire brigade to arrive in time to stop it from causing structural damage.
Lots of nightclubs have been lost over the years, too.
Coming soon: Digbeth Arena
It is not all bad news in 2018 - the former Rainbow Arena which will be run by Bristol-based live events company The MJR Group.
The following Digbeth Arena gigs are being organised under the Skyline Series banner and will have the following dates, all with an opening time of 6pm.
James Arthur + Special Guests – Saturday, August 25
Texas + Imelda May – Saturday, September 1
The The + Special Guests – Friday, September 7
Garbage – Saturday, September 8
The Digbeth Arena address is The Arena, 29 Lower Trinity Street, Birmingham, B9 4AG
Tesla used a software update to reduce the Model 3's emergency stopping distance by 12 percent. Courtesy of Tesla
Last week, Consumer Reports dealt Tesla a blow when it declined to recommend the electric carmaker's long-awaited new sedan, the Model 3.
Today, it changed its mind.
In an unusual move, Consumer Reports said Wednesday that it will recommend the Model 3 after all, after Tesla rolled out a software update that addressed a significant problem with the vehicle's braking system. It's a reminder that electric power isn't the only thing that separates Tesla from other car companies.
Consumer Reports' initial review found that the Model 3 took longer to stop than any other car on the market, a serious safety hazard. In the nonprofit's testing, the vehicle required an average of 152 feet to stop from 60 mph, which is more than even a heavy-duty pickup truck. But Tesla quickly rolled out a software fix that reduced its emergency stopping distance to 133 feet, putting it on par with other vehicles in its class.
A Tesla spokesperson told Consumer Reports that the new software adjusted how the anti-lock braking system responded to different situations and environmental conditions. The braking improvement “raised the Model 3's Overall score enough for the car to be recommended by CR,” the updated review said, although there remain “other areas of concern.” Those include clunky touch-screen controls, a stiff ride, and wind noise at high speed. Consumer Reports added that Tesla has indicated it may be able to address some of those via over-the-air updates as well.
"This is really an industry first." — Jake Fisher of Consumer Reports
The quick fix highlights one of the less-appreciated ways in which Tesla is reshaping the automotive industry. Historically, automakers have dealt with problems in their vehicles by recalling them and making adjustments at dealerships. Tesla has issued a few recalls itself, but it has designed its vehicles' software in such a way that it can often change how they work without touching them, just by tweaking the code and remotely updating each vehicle's software. Other car companies are just beginning to move in this direction.
Consumer Reports' director of automotive testing, Jake Fisher, told CNBC that he's never seen a car company fix a major performance problem this fast. “This really is an industry first,” they said.
Tesla CEO Elon Musk, who has been railing against “the media” for what they perceive as unfair coverage, played nice with Consumer Reports on Twitter after it announced the recommendation.
Really appreciate the high quality critical feedback from @ConsumerReports. Road noise & ride comfort already addressed too. UI improvements coming via remote software update later this month. https://t.co/ZMLPJxmPlM — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 30, 2018
The company has deployed similarly timely updates in the past, such as when it pushed out new software in 2016 to address a major safety shortcoming in its Autopilot software.
Tesla has been struggling lately on multiple fronts, including its production costs and timetable for the Model 3; claims of unsafe working conditions and underreporting of injuries at its factory; and a handful of accidents potentially implicating its Autopilot software. (Musk argues media coverage has sensationalized these accidents and failed to put them in the context of the many human-caused car wrecks that happen every day.) That the Model 3 is evidently imperfect shouldn't be a surprise, given the (mostly self-imposed) pressure the company has faced to ramp up production.
Given all that, it's reassuring to see how quickly Tesla was able to address the braking problem, and the Consumer Reports recommendation should assuage some Model 3 buyers' concerns. Tesla has also apparently found solutions to some of the problems that have dogged their assembly line, such as a malfunctioning “flufferbot” that it ultimately deemed superfluous. Elon Musk is always pushing the envelope, but at least they have some nifty tape on hand for when it bursts.
THE HAGUE: Brandishing a gun, their face contorted with rage, the shocking image of a Turkish police officer assassinating the Russian envoy to Turkey on Monday won the prestigious World Press Photo Award.
Judges praised the courage and bravery of Burhan Ozbilici, a photographer for Associated Press, who stood their ground as 22-year-old police officer Mevlut Mert Altintas pumped nine bullets into ambassador Andrei Karlov at the opening of an Ankara exhibition.
“From the moment I heard the shots I knew this was a historic moment, very serious,” Ozbilici told AFP.
“I knew I had to do my job. As a journalist, I couldn't just run away to save my skin.”
The vivid photo was to go viral around the world, and has been viewed some 18 million times.
The judges from the World Press Photo Foundation in Amsterdam acknowledged they had had a tough job to choose the 2017 winner from more than 80,400 images submitted by 5,034 photographers from 125 countries.
“It was a very, very difficult decision, but in the end we felt that the picture of the year was an explosive image that really spoke to the hatred of our times,” said jury member Mary Calvert.
Agence France-Presse also scooped three awards. Manila-based photographer Noel Celis took third place in the General News category for their photo of inmates trying to sleep in an over-populated prison in the city.
Syrian snappers Abd Doumany and Ameer Alhalbi won second prize in the Spot News category for their pictures of children caught up in the bombardments of Aleppo and Douma. It is the second year in the row that Doumany's work has been honoured by the World Press Photo foundation.
“It's not easy for these photographers, for these Syrians. It's taking terrible risks. They are young guys telling their stories from hell basically,” jury president, British photographer Stuart Franklin, told AFP.
Ozbilici, who covered the failed coup bid in Turkey and has carried out missions in Syria, Libya and Egypt, said they always tried to be ready for difficult tests, “to have the courage to confront a world which has been made rotten by the dishonest and corrupt, in order to try to do some good”.
They said they were sorry for the death of the envoy, whom they described as a “natural, kind, sincere man” whose death was a direct consequence of the “Syrian catastrophe”.
“This photo marked an important moment in the history of Turkey, especially in relations with Turkey,” said Ozbilici, who has worked for AP since 1989.
Jury members agreed their photo captured an important moment in time.
“Right now I see the world marching towards the edge of an abyss,” said jury member Joao Silva, referring to Altintas as a man who had “clearly reached a breaking point.”
“This image to me talks” of everything that is happening across the world. “It is the face of hatred.”
Despite another night when the offense couldn't capitalize on early opportunities and the bullpen failed them and the final -- 13-2 Houston -- was hideous, the Rangers won five of six on perhaps the most challenging road trip of the year. More significantly, the prospect looms they could have their full lineup back by the end of the weekend and the starting rotation that was supposed to be an asset by the end of the month.
Carlos Gomez played center field, albeit in the minors, for the first time in a month. They will play again on Thursday and will be joined by Mike Napoli as the DH. Tyson Ross will start in the majors on Friday and Cole Hamels could start in the minors the same day. Both Gomez and Napoli could be back in the lineup by the end of the weekend.
"You would like to play from a position strength," manager Jeff Banister said before the game. "Having all of our players would be a strength."
And after: "I feel like we found something, some identity. I feel like we are going home with some good momentum. When you talk about momentum, it's about how you play. I felt like we did a good job of playing the way we like to play on this trip."
Getting the lineup together once and for all might put an end to the offense's stops and starts. But the rotation is something else altogether. It is what the Rangers expected would be their biggest asset going into the season.
Banister on Wednesday committed to Ross making their Rangers debut Friday. The tentative plan is for Hamels, out since they were scratched with an oblique strain moments before a May 3 game at Houston, to start and pitch about four innings at Double-A Frisco on Friday. If that happens and things continue to go smoothly, Banister left open the possibility Hamels could join the rotation for a four-game series with Cleveland that begins June 26.
"Having that rotation night-in and night-out, that would be a plus-plus kind of rotation," Banister said. "The plan all along was that when we signed [Ross and Andrew Cashner] that our rotation could be a separator, a difference-maker. But you have to plan for some degree of failure to that, too. You have to have an Armageddon scenario. We felt like we had some depth on that side of it. When guys grind through like our guys have, that's real momentum."
If the Rangers don't suffer any more pitching injuries, the full rotation could be together with more than half the season remaining.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gary Rowett has called on their Derby County players to remain positive as the promotion run-in enters the final straight.
Three successive defeats and a run of only two wins in 13 has left the Rams in seventh and currently outside the Championship's play-off places.
They can climb back in if they take a point of three against second-placed Cardiff City at Pride Park Stadium tonight.
Derby lost 2-1 at home to Middlesbrough on Saturday , but Rowett's message to their players afterwards was to focus on the visit of Cardiff.
"We have to stay positive," they said.
"I said to the players there is no point dissecting the game for half an hour, we have got to move on."
Derby have three games left to book a play-off spot.
They also face Aston Villa at Villa Park and Barnsley at Pride Park.
"We cannot rediscover momentum because we have not got enough games, but what we have to do is just find a way to win a game," said Rowett.
"We have conceded the first goal in quite a lot of games recently, which I think has a psychological effect on the players.
"Maybe we just have to go out there and tough the game out.
"At the moment you can see if we go a goal down it just deflates the players a little bit. I can underestand that, but we have to go again Tuesday."
Antioch Township board faces decision on interim supervisor
hello
A former Antioch Township trustee who narrowly lost in the April election for township supervisor could be appointed that post later this week, but they face potential competition from two current township officials.
The township board is scheduled to meet Thursday to decide who will replace former Supervisor Steve Smouse, who died in November, 16 days after being diagnosed with cancer.
The three names most often mentioned for the interim post are township Clerk Anita Merkel Dyer, longtime Trustee Judith Davis and former Trustee Tom Shaughnessy. The person chosen will serve until a special election in 2019.
Shaughnessy's name is especially intriguing. After serving one term as trustee, they made a bid to unseat Smouse in the spring election but lost by 73 votes.
"It's a very unusual situation," Shaughnessy said. "If the board decides to nominate and elect me as supervisor, I'd proudly serve the township."
Should the vote of township trustees end in a tie Thursday, the township clerk would be allowed to cast a vote. If a candidate still doesn't have a majority, the board would be considered "fractured" and a special annual meeting would be convened Jan. 3 to elect an interim supervisor.
At the special meeting, township residents would be allowed to nominate a replacement and vote on Smouse's replacement.
"I'm hoping the board can come to a consensus on Dec. 14," Dyer said. "There are four people on that board, and I'm hopeful three of them can come to a decision."
Dyer said they are aware their name has been floated as a candidate for the supervisor's office.
"I think the board is doing a nice job of working through this, and hopefully there will some kind of conclusion at the December meeting," they said.
Davis has served as temporary supervisor since shortly after Smouse's death Nov. 5. They said they have been "sorting things out and getting things done."
"We've never had to deal with a situation like this before," they added. "So, right now, we are trying to stay on top of everything and keep the township running."
Davis said they would be "honored" to be chosen interim supervisor. They said they hope the board can come to a consensus Thursday and avoid the cost of a special annual meeting.
"If we have to hold a special meeting, it would become a bigger mess than what we have now," Davis said.
"I don't want to see it go that way."
Trustee Steve Turner said they haven't made a final decision on whom they want in the position. However, they noted that Shaughnessy stepped up to run for the position earlier this year.
"Certainly Anita Dyer is qualified, and Judy has been on the board longer, but both had the opportunity to put their hat in the ring to run for supervisor and didn't," they said.
"A lot of people want the job now, but very few ran for it in the last election."
Trustee Peter Grant said they hope the person appointed will continue the tradition of fiscal responsibility that Smouse set forth, and not take the position "as a way to give jobs to a bunch of their buddies."
"We should do everything we can to ensure this process is pristine, transparent and ethical as possible," they said. "That's what I'm hoping for. When all is said and done, we (need) a selection that everyone will be happy with."
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa want to make Sam Johnstone their goalkeeper for the long-term future but know the only way to keep them at the club is to win promotion.
The on-loan Manchester United stopper has starred this season and was influential in the latest win at Sheffield United.
No other goalkeeper in the Championship has more clean sheets than Johnstone this season and that's part of the reason why boss Steve Bruce is desperate to sign them up in the summer.
“We hope they will be our keeper for the next five years,” said Bruce.
“That would delight me.
“He is a big tick as far as we are concerned.
“But whether we can do a deal, we will have to wait until the end of the season.”
Money is tight at Villa which is why they couldn't agree a permanent deal in the last window.
Keeping them on board until the end of the season will aid Villa's promotion push but their value is increasing with every passing week.
United triggered a one-year extension in their contract in order to protect themselves from losing them for nothing this summer.
And Villa know there will be other clubs interested, which is why promotion is essential.
Bruce speaking earlier in the month explained how much Johnstone has improved in the 12 months they have been at the club
“Certainly you can see the difference in Sam from a year ago.
“From the moment they walked in the door, you could see them physically develop and grow more confident and get used to playing week in week out.
“He looks a very good goalkeeper right now.
“We are delighted for them - after a difficult start for him.
“He wasn't everyone's cup of tea to start with.
“But the more they have played the more they have matured and developed.
“He looks the real deal at the moment and thats the benefit of playing.
“He has learned more here playing this year than they have in the last five.
“There is no doubt training and working with great players helps but nothing beats playing the game in front of 35,000.”
TEAM NEWS
Aston Villa go in search of a little bit of history against Burton Albion this weekend.
Steve Bruce's side are taking 2018 by storm and recorded a fifth successive Championship win courtesy of Robert Snodgrass' late stunner at Sheffield United on Tuesday.
If Villa can beat Burton - who they dismantled 4-0 at the Pirelli Stadium in September - they will have recorded six league wins on the spin for the first time since 1990.
The claret and blues are third in the Championship and just one point behind Derby County, who take on Brentford on Saturday.
Team news
Villa are expected to be at virtually full strength once again. Jonathan Kodjia (ankle) and back-up goalkeeper Jed Steer (shoulder) remain long term absentees but Bruce should be able to call upon everyone else.
Chris Samba, Henri Lansbury, Andre Green and Gabby Agbonlahor weren't even named on the bench at Bramall Lane, such is the incredibly talented pool of players Bruce has to choose from.
Selection dilemmas
While Villa continue to win it's unlikely Bruce will tinker with their starting XI. However, it's worth mentioning that Axel Tuanzebe didn't join from Manchester United to sit on the bench.
Tuanzebe can play in a number of roles and Bruce has admitted they will ensure the 20-year-old is heavily involved between now and the end of the campaign.
Tuanzebe's preferred central defensive position isn't an option with John Terry and James Chester guaranteed starters so a place at right-back or in midfield appears more likely.
Birkir Bjarnason and Conor Hourihane possess the shirts at present but they're now under huge pressure to maintain their high standards with Tuanzebe and Mile Jedinak breathing down their necks.
Lewis Grabban is expected to be involved in the squad following their loan move from Bournemouth on Deadline Day so Bruce will have a tough decision to make on who drops out of the 18.
Our team
Subs: Bunn, Taylor, Tuanzebe, Jedinak, Onomah, Grabban, Davis
Let us know who you think Bruce should select by using the widget above. Also, feel free to leave your thoughts on Villa's squad depth in the comments section.
MORGANTOWN, W. Va. — MX Sports Pro Racing has announced that tickets to the 2018 Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship, sanctioned by AMA Pro Racing, are now on sale. For a limited time, special pricing is available on early purchases to be a part of the action at the world's most prestigious off-road motorcycle racing series.
The 2018 season will once again consist of 12 rounds, beginning with the 50th Annual Hangtown Motocross Classic, the oldest race in American motocross, on May 19. Over the course of the summer, the championship will visit 11 different states and the most storied venues in the sport during its journey to crown a pair of champions, pitting the best racers on the planet against one another over the course of 24 motos in both the 450 Class and 250 Class.
"We're all eagerly awaiting the start of the 2018 racing season, and It's incredible to think that in just a matter of months we'll be on the line at Hangtown celebrating 50 years of that legendary event, ready to determine which riders will emerge with the sport's most esteemed title," said Davey Coombs, President of MX Sports Pro Racing. "Attending a round of the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship is a special, one-of-a-kind experience for any race fan and what better gift to give any enthusiast than tickets to one of our many iconic venues."
The Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship has served as North America's preeminent off-road racing series since 1972, and remains arguably the most mentally and physically demanding championship to win in all motorsports. Monster Energy Kawasaki's Eli Tomac (450 Class) will look to defend their title in 2018 as Rockstar Energy Husqvarna Factory Racing's Zach Osborne (250 Class) moves up the premier class, along with a star-studded international field of competitors.
Tickets to all 12 Nationals can be purchased online by visiting ProMotocross.com, the official website of the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship. Special pricing will be available until December 31.
Newspapers subscribe to a paying digital future
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Texas Rangers' Mike Napoli celibates with Rougned Odor after hitting a solo home run against the Detroit Tigers during the eighth inning of a baseball game at Comerica Park, Sunday, Aug. 23, 2015, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Duane Burleson) ORG XMIT: MIDB108
SURPRISE, Ariz. - A late addition to the Venezuelan World Baseball Classic team, Rangers second baseman Rougned Odor sees nothing but benefits from the chance to spend two weeks around some of the greatest players from their home country.
The list includes perhaps the greatest hitter of this era, Miguel Cabrera, and one of the best second baseman in the game in Jose Altuve.
"Maybe I can learn a lot of things," Odor said, smiling through braces they had put on two weeks ago. "You learn something in this game every day. Being around those guys, there is a lot than can be learned. I will take ground balls every day with Altuve. I will get to hit with [Cabrera]. Those guys are great players. There are a lot of good things that can come out of that experience, a lot of little things that can help. That's one of the reasons I want to go."
Odor is expected to back up Altuve at second, but said the possibility of playing third base, if needed, has been mentioned. Miami's Martin Prado is Venezuela's starting third baseman. Odor, originally a shortstop, has never played third base in their life.
"For my country and my team, I'd do it," they said.
Johnson, a grandmother now in their early sixties, is more than two decades into a life sentence for a first-time conviction based on their role in a drug-trafficking case.
WASHINGTON — Kim Kardashian West met the West Wing Tuesday, as the reality television superstar headed to the White House to meet with President Donald Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to discuss a possible pardon for Alice Marie Johnson .
In part of a larger prosecution of people involved with the Colombian drug cartel Cali, Johnson was convicted on a series of charges ranging from conspiracy to possess cocaine with intent to distribute it to money laundering.
Johnson gained Kardashian West's attention after the news organization Mic published a jailhouse video in which they described how their life spiraled out of control following the development of a gambling problem: They lost their job, their marriage ended and their son died in a motorcycle accident.
"I went into a complete panic and out of desperation, I made one of the worst decisions of my life to make some quick money," they told Mic.
Kim Kardashian West visited the White House Wednesday to meet with Jared Kushner. Pablo Martinez Monsivais
Kardashian West isn't the only one asking the Trump administration for clemency for Johnson. The group Change.org has put together an online petition on their behalf, and they top the non-profit group Can-Do's list of convicted women who deserve a reprieve.
Kardashian West's White House visit for the meeting with Kushner, whose own father served federal prison time for campaign finance violations, tax evasion and witness tampering, lasted about an hour.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters earlier Wednesday that the meeting would happen but declined to detail what they expected from it, and Trump administration officials did not immediately respond to NBC's request for comment on details of the reported conversation after Kardashian West and Kushner departed the White House separately.
But before the expected talk with Kushner, Kardashian West Tweeted a message to Johnson.
Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience.
What do you get in your Premium Subscription package?
Lex Column - The FT's daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930's Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions.
Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times' lauded editor.
FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week's news stories.
Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics.
Jannat Is Not Quitting The Show!
According to Spotboye report, the makers have agreed to the Jannat Zubair Rahmani's parents' terms and condition. Thus, the actor has decided not to quit the show!
Jannat's Parents Had A Meeting With The Makers
The actor' mother, Nazneen Rahmani was quoted by the entertainment portal as saying, "Yes, we had a meeting with the makers and they have accepted our terms and conditions."
No Intimate Scene!
"Henceforth, Jannat will not do any intimate scene as has already been mentioned in our contract.  They are just 16-years-old and we don't want them to engage in any sort of intimacy."
The Actress' Mother Says
They further added, "We respect the script's demand and to tell you, we allowed them to do a few scenes which involved Ritvik kissing Jannat's hand. In fact, we used to apply wax and make-up on the body so that the sensation of touch is minimal."
The Actress' Parents Are Concerned As Their Daughter Is Young!
"We know we are part of the glamour industry where such things are normal, but it's just that my daughter is young for it." Well, we do understand Jannat's mother's concerns!
Experimental feature Listen to this article Play audio for this article Pause 00:00 00:00 Experimental feature Report a mispronounced word What was mispronounced? Optional: help us by adding the time Submit Thank you for your help! or Give us your feedback Thank you for your feedback. What do you think? I‘ll use it in the future
I don‘t think I‘ll use it Please tell us why (optional) Send Feedback
The 2018 EMpower ethnic minority executives in the UK and north America were selected on the basis of their seniority and influence. These role models had to be high profile and to have worked to create an environment that brought the best out of black, Asian and minority ethnic employees.
It was important that nominees worked towards this goal over and about their day job, which made it hard for judges to consider diversity and inclusions professionals, however deserving.
Ethnic Minority executive As UK country manager for WPP, Karen Blackett is responsible for the global advertising group's second-largest market. Faced with the conglomerate's possible break-up since the April departure of founder Sir Martin Sorrell, they are focused on “business as usual” but inclusion remains a priority: “More diverse companies are more successful and more profitable — fact,” says Ms Blackett. The most senior black woman in UK advertising has set up the UK Inclusion Board to improve diversity at WPP. In their five years as chief executive of MediaCom, the largest UK media agency they now chair, the percentage of non-white staff rose from 11 to 20 per cent.
All you need to know about the new plastic £20 note
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The new plastic £5 is old news, with excitement now increasing for the forthcoming polymer £10 and £20 notes.
The upcoming plastic tenner will feature novelist Jane Austen, and is set to be released in the summer of 2017.
That note will precede a new plastic £20 note, with anticipation ramping up as collectors look to get their hands on it, with experts promising the banknote is "longer lasting" and "harder to forge".
But when will it be released? And who features?
The new fiver may feature Sir Winston Churchill, but the Bank of England Governor, Mark Carney, announced in April that J.M.W. Turner will appear on the next £20 note.
It has also been confirmed by the Bank of England that we can expect the new polymer £20 note in by 2020.
The selection of Turner is the first time the Bank of England has used the new character selection process announced in December 2013.
The process involved a two month nomination period between May and July 2015 when the public nominated characters from within the field of the visual arts.
In total 29,701 nominations were received covering 590 eligible characters.
Mark Carney said: "I am delighted to announce that J.M.W. Turner has been chosen to appear on the next £20 note. Turner is perhaps the single most influential British artist of all time.
"His work was transformative for the art world.
"His influence spanned their lifetime and well beyond."
The Turner note will be a £20 note printed on polymer and will be issued by 2020. The reverse of the note will include:
Wednesday 10:40 GMT
Overview
Global equities are at fresh highs after Wall Street hit another record in the wake of comments from Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen.
Ms Yellen's more hawkish than forecast tone leaves gold floundering but the dollar near its strongest in more than three weeks and Treasury yields towards the top of this year's range.
Hot topic
The Fed chair will undertake a second round of testimony in Washington later in the session, but in the meantime the market is continuing to digest their remarks from Tuesday.
The dollar rose and bond yields jumped after Ms Yellen said an improving economic picture kept alive the potential for rate rises, even as they stressed the uncertainties facing the US economy as the new administration planned its mooted fiscal boost.
Indeed, they were deemed to have adopted a more hawkish stance than expected when they stressed that waiting too long to tighten monetary policy could be “unwise” because it may force the central bank to hike borrowing costs at a faster pace in the future.
The bond market moves put pressure on interest rate-sensitive assets such as shares of utility companies, but financial stocks have been lifted as traders also continue to hope for a lighter regulatory regime under the Trump administration.
“The strength of the signal from Chair Yellen was not sufficient to upset ongoing resilience in risk appetite,” said Todd Elmer, strategist at CitiFX.
Ian Williams, strategist at Peel Hunt, said the positive reaction by stocks shows that “central bank policy support is no longer the main driver of equity market performance”.
Indeed, US stocks hit new records, with the S&P 500 closing Tuesday's session at 2,337.6. Futures indicate the benchmark will add another 1 point when trading gets under way later in New York.
Equities
Wall Street's fresh peak is helping support the global bull run, which was given extra propulsion by hopes President Donald Trump's policies would boost US growth.
The FTSE All-World index, which contains 3,076 worldwide members and has a market capitalisation of $49tn, is up 0.3 per cent to 292.34, surpassing its previous record touched in May 2015.
The All-World has risen 7.4 per cent in dollar terms since Mr Trump's election, with the industrial metals sector surging 23 per cent, banks up 16.3 per cent and miners 14.9 per cent higher, according to Bloomberg.
US stocks have a 51.7 per cent weighting in the All-World, and financials have the greatest sectoral heft, making up 19.4 per cent of the index, followed by the Information Technology sector — powered by Apple's share price this week hitting a record — on a weighting of 15.5 per cent.
The pan-European Stoxx 600 index is gaining 0.4 per cent to its best level since December 2015 and the FTSE Asia Pacific index rose 0.8 per cent to close the session at a 19-month high.
In Tokyo the Topix index gained 1 per cent, even as Toshiba tumbled as investors reacted to Tuesday's delayed after-market earnings announcement revealing a $6.3bn writedown at its nuclear business and plans to potentially sell off the valuable key Nand memory chip business entirely.
Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.9 per cent, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng index advanced 1.2 per cent. In South Korea the Kospi Composite was up 0.5 per cent, though Samsung struggled on news that prosecutors have made a second request for an arrest warrant for the conglomerate's heir apparent, Lee Jae-yong.
Action on the Chinese mainland was more subdued, with the Shanghai Composite off 0.2 per cent and the tech-heavy Shenzhen Composite retreating 0.9 per cent as profit-takers moved in after a recent strong run.
Forex
The dollar index, which measures the US currency against a basket of peers, is up less than 0.1 per cent to 101.92, but hovering near its best level since January 20 following Fed chair Yellen's comments.
“The market will have to price in a higher risk of an earlier rate hike in the coming months, offering more support for the US dollar,” said Lee Hardman, currency analyst at MUFG.
The euro is easing 0.3 per cent to $1.0544 and sterling is off 0.3 per cent to $1.2434 after jobs data showed slower UK wage growth at the end of last year.
The Japanese yen, which tends to weaken when the broader market mood is upbeat, is 0.2 per cent softer at ¥114.46 per dollar.
Fixed income
Bond markets also are still absorbing Ms Yellen's comments. The yield on 10-year US Treasuries is up 1 basis point at 2.48 per cent after rising 3bp on Tuesday. Bond yields move inversely to price.
The more policy-sensitive US 2-year yield is steady at 1.23 per cent as futures markets price in a 34 per cent probability of a Fed rate hike next month.
That calculation may change if US consumer inflation and retail sales data, due at 13:30 GMT, don't match analysts' expectations.
Ten-year German Bund yields are 1bp firmer at 0.38 per cent and equivalent maturity UK gilts are bucking the trend after the disappointing jobs data, off 1bp to 1.30 per cent.
Commodities
Brent crude, the international oil benchmark, is down 0.2 per cent to $55.85 a barrel and West Texas Intermediate, the US marker, is off 0.5 per cent to $52.95 ahead of US inventory data due later on Wednesday.
Gold tends to struggle when the dollar and bond yields rise and so the precious metal is slipping 0.2 per cent to $1,225 per ounce.
Additional reporting by Hudson Lockett in Hong Kong
For market updates and comment follow us on Twitter @FTMarkets
(AP Photo/File). FILE - In this Aug. 24, 2006 file photo, Kirk Humphreys, the former mayor of Oklahoma City, speaks at a news conference in Oklahoma City. Humphreys, a member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents, is being criticized Monday, D...
By ADAM KEALOHA CAUSEY
Associated Press
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) - A former Oklahoma City mayor and member of the University of Oklahoma Board of Regents was rebuked Monday for comparing gay people to pedophiles and politicians who've recently resigned amid allegations of sexual misconduct.
Kirk Humphreys made the comments during a local TV public affairs show that aired over the weekend on KFOR-TV. An alumni group has called for their resignation, and the student body president encouraged the campus to voice its opinion on Humphreys' "ignorant" words.
Humphreys and others were discussing allegations against Minnesota Sen. Al Franken, who has announced he'll resign, and President Donald Trump when Humphreys began to ramble about other subjects. They said they were "going to make a lot of people mad today."
"Is homosexuality right or wrong? It's not relative, there's a right and wrong," Humphreys said. "If it's OK, then it's OK for everybody and, quite frankly, it's OK for men to sleep with little boys."
LGBTQ advocacy groups Freedom Oklahoma called for Humphreys' removal from the Board of Regents if they didn't apologize. Executive Director Troy Stevenson said Humphreys' comments were disheartening and dangerous for LGBTQ youth who are already harassed and bullied.
A staffer at Humphreys' office said Humphreys was out of town Monday and unavailable to comment. Humphreys did not immediately reply to a voicemail left on their cellphone or an email seeking comment.
University of Oklahoma President David Boren released a statement saying Humphreys was not speaking on behalf of the university. Boren said the school was committed to diversity and inclusiveness, adding: "I do not share their views on this matter."
OU board of regents chair Clay Bennett, who also is chairperson of the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, said in statement Monday the rest of the panel disagrees with Humphreys' views. Bennett said the board values students' diverse perspectives, backgrounds and experiences.
Student government President J.D. Baker, in an open letter Sunday, called Humphreys' comments "outright disrespectful, out of line and ignorant." Baker said Monday that it wasn't up to them to say whether Humphreys should step down.
"I hope that he's a mature enough individual to understand the impact of their words and that he'll make the decision for himself," Baker said.
The president of the school's LGBTQ Alumni Society called for Humphreys to resign.
A state lawmaker who appeared with Humphreys pushed back at them on the show, saying it was wrong to compare sexual misconduct and crimes to the legal behavior of consenting adults.
"Mr. Humphreys' comments were disgusting, offensive, and just plain wrong," Rep. Emily Virgin, a Democrat from Oklahoma City, later said on their Facebook page. "I unequivocally stand with the LGBT community.
Stevenson said their group planned to protest an Oklahoma City real estate project that belongs to Humphreys' family business if they don't apologize.
Humphreys, 67, was mayor of Oklahoma City from 1998 to 2003.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Sailing legends Robin Knox-Johnston, Mike Golding and Peter Bruce will speak at Ted Heath's house
Sailing legends Sir Robin Knox-Johnston, Mike Golding and Peter Bruce have been confirmed as the three speakers for the fourth holding of the high-profile series of sailing talks held at Arundells, called the Morning Cloud talks. Sir Edward ‘Ted' Heath (1916-2005) was, of course, a great sailor, who claimed victory in the Sydney Hobart race (1969) and as leader of the British Admiral's Cup team (1971). Mike Golding is one of the world's most accomplished ocean racers and record breakers, setting the fastest ‘wrong way' round the world record in 1994, and leading a team to victory in the 1996/7 BT Global Challenge. They have also raced in three Vendee Globes. Peter Bruce has represented Britain on seven occasions, four times in the British Admiral's Cup Team. They have also written several popular pilotage guides.
Sir Robin Knox-Jonston needs no introduction to CB readers.  They are best known for becoming, from 1968-9, the first person to sail around the world singlehanded and non-stop, via the three great capes of the world (Hope, Leeuwin and Horn) on their ketch Suhaili, now recently restored by Robin and friends and featured in CB. They have since gone on to break sailing speed records and has become the world's greatest ambassador for sailing. They have won more awards than we can count. The ticket price of £30 includes a light lunch and tour of the house, which hosts a unique collection of sailing artefacts including scale models of the five Morning Cloud yachts that Sir Edward raced and that the talks have been named after. The talks will be held on 13 April from 10.30am to 3pm. Please contact arundellssailingtalks@gmail.com or phone +44 (0)7921 800533.
RELATED ARTICLES
Robin and Suhaili: the lost photos
Suhaili now a historic ship
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Special edition
John Terry is clearly keeping themselves entertained while they continue their recovery from a broken metatarsal - they have a personalised Monopoly set!
The Aston Villa captain broke their foot in the 2-1 defeat to Sheffield Wednesday last month and is due back some time over the festive period.
Since, while Villa have continued to pick up points in their absence, Terry has been providing regular updates as to how their rehabilitation is going via their Instagram page.
One of their recent posts shows them to be indulging in some board gaming, namely Monopoly, which is mounted and displays their initials and their squad number ‘26' in gold.
Recall?
Mauricio Pochettino has confirmed that Tottenham Hotspur could look to recall Josh Onomah in January if transfer business doesn't go to plan.
Onomah, only 20, has scored three times in 21 appearances for Aston Villa this season having agreed a loan move back in the summer.
It's been an agreement that, until now, has largely been a successful one; it's benefitted all three parties in terms of development.
Onomah, also catching the eye for the England U21s this season, has scored in the draw at Bristol City and in wins over Burton and Sunderland.
Quite a statement!
Stan Collymore has revealed the naked truth about their faith in Aston Villa to get promoted.
Collymore is not entirely convinced Villa will be able to clinch an automatic top two spot despite Steve Bruce's men putting themselves among the chasing pack.
In actual fact, the former Villa striker would be grateful if their old club could grab a top six finish.
Asked if Villa will get promoted with Bruce, Collymore replied: "I'll run naked around St Andrew's for top 6."
Given the winter freeze, it is quite a promise/threat from Collymore to streak around the home of Villa's fierce rivals Birmingham City if Bruce and co finish in the play-off places.
Loan > permanent
Steve Bruce has reiterated their desire to keep Sam Johnstone at Aston Villa beyond the expiry of their loan deal.
Manchester United stopper Johnstone has been at Villa Park for almost a year, across two separate loan spells, and will continue to be an important cog in the claret and blue charge for promotion between now and May.
Johnstone, 24, has had loans previously with Preston and Walsall among others, but it is at Villa where they have particularly caught the eye.
In their 43 matches in a Villa shirt to date, Johnstone has kept 17 clean sheets and played their part in ensuring Villa earned a point in their draw over the weekend with a Millwall side who came to attack.
Firepower
Aston Villa reportedly want to sign Lewis Grabban in January after the striker's impressive form on loan at Sunderland.
The 29-year-old's goalscoring exploits has been one of few positives during a miserable season for the Black Cats.
Grabban, who is currently on loan at the Stadium of Light from Bournemouth, has hit 11 goals in 17 appearances for the struggling Wearside club.
Bouremouth manager Eddie Howe is now preparing to recall them when the transfer window opens next month with a view to potentially moving them on permanently.
Prediction time
Villa have taken two points from their opening two games in December.
Yet there are still four matches to play - that means 12 more points up for grabs.
It starts with a crunch fixture at Derby this coming week - but how do you see Villa doing in the remainder of 2017?
poll loading How many points will Villa get in December? 0+ VOTES SO FAR 2-4 5-8 9-11 12-14
Listen to our podcast
This week our guest was former player Garry Thompson.
It really is a cracking listen.
You can check it out, and subscribe to our Alliv Notsa channel below.
iTunes: https://itunes.apple.com/gb/podcast/alliv-notsa/id1245197159
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/alliv-notsa
RSS feed: http://audioboom.com/channels/4906427.rss
A former Rolls-Royce employee has spotted a strange light in the sky above Chaddesden.
Kay Beardsley, 48, of Hollington Close, said they saw it flitting around at speed at about 10pm last night.
They said the object made no noise and that a plane flew close to it so it was too high to be a drone.
And Miss Beardsley said they were also able to rule out the chances of it being a Chinese lantern as "it didn't glow bright orange" and was moving from side to side at speed.
The former Rolls-Royce cleaning supervisor, said that after posting a video of what they saw on Facebook, a man contacted them to say they had seen the same thing over the A38.
Miss Beardsley said: "It looked like it was dancing in the sky.
"Generally, I'm interested in UFOs. I do watch programmes about it because I find it interesting. If we're heard why should nobody else be?
"I've never seen anything like this before. I've never seen a UFO, I don't claim that this is one, but I would like to know what it is."
Can you help Miss Beardsley identify the light? If so, why not comment below or contact us via newsdesk@derbytelegraph.co.uk
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OLATHE, Kan. -- Rain moving through the metro is putting a damper on high school football games Friday.
A number of districts are changing the start times to avoid what mother nature has in store.
At the College Boulevard Activity Complex Shawnee Mission East will play Olathe East an hour an half earlier than originally planned.
The game was originally supposed to start at 7 p.m., but the schools decided to move it up to 5:30 p.m.
If for some reason the game doesn't get finished Friday, they'll work together to reschedule-- most likely for Saturday morning or early afternoon.
Olathe District Athletic Director Tim Brad said they watch for lightning and excessive rain on the rain when making their decision.
Kotaku Sources: Fallout 76 Is An Online Survival RPG | io9 The 24 Biggest Questions We Have After Seeing Solo: A Star Wars Story…
Today 5:31pm
Five people died after a tour helicopter crashed at the Grand Canyon. (Source: Teddy Fujimoto)
Autopsies from a fiery helicopter crash at the Grand Canyon earlier this year show two British tourists aboard died of smoke inhalation and burns that covered 100 percent of their bodies.
The Mohave County Medical Examiner's Office released autopsy reports Wednesday for 27-year-old Rebecca Dobson and 31-year-old Jason Hill. They died at the scene, along with Hill's brother, 30-year-old Stuart Hill.
[RELATED: NTSB Report: Helicopter spun twice before crash at Grand Canyon]
Jonathan Udall and their wife, Ellie, died at a hospital.
The reports say Dobson and Hill were burned beyond recognition. There also was evidence they suffered carbon monoxide poisoning.
[RELATED: Responders describe rescue after helicopter crash near Grand Canyon]
Udall's family is suing the helicopter owner and manufacturer. The wrongful-death lawsuit says they would have survived if the aircraft had a crash-resistant fuel system.
The Feb. 10 crash also critically injured two others.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
By Peter Duru
MAKURDI—Bothered by poor performance of Exercise Ayem A' Kpatuma or Cat Race, a military spike exercise to check incursions of herdsmen in Benue State, Governor Samuel Ortom has appealed to the Federal Government to upgrade the exercise to a full military operation to effectively check the ongoing killings in the state's rural communities.
Governor Ortom made the appeal, yesterday, during on-the-spot assessment of four Internally Displaced Persons, IDPs, camps at Abagena in Makurdi, Daudu and Gbajimba in Guma local government area of the state.
Speaking separately at the four camps visited, the governor said: “With the magnitude of crisis we have at hand, given the ongoing killings, despite the ongoing Exercise Ayem A' Kpatuma, we appeal to President Muhammadu Buhari and the Federal Government to convert the exercise to a full military operation to chase out the killer herdsmen from our communities.
“I know that the rules of engagement in an exercise and operation are completely different, that is why we are demanding a full military operation in Benue State to check these killings and to ensure that the displaced persons, who are over 170,000, returned to their homes.
50 communities taken over by herdsmen
“There is so much fear in the people as more than 50 communities in Guma, Logo, Makurdi, Agatu and Gwer West local government areas have been affected by the crisis and we are still counting because IDPs are still pouring into the camps because night attacks are still going on in these communities.
“I was told that about 150 herdsmen have been arrested in Benue by security personnel, some for violating the Open Grazing Prohibition Law and some of them were arrested for the killings in our communities.
IDPs hit 170,000; 120 new births recorded
In their remarks, Executive Secretary of the State Emergency Management Agency, SEMA, Mr. Emmanuel Shior, lamented that the government and the agency were overwhelmed by the number of the IDPs, which they put at over 170,000.
On new births in the eight camps, Shior said: “120 births were recorded in the eight camps since January so far, but it has not been easy for government to cope with the humanitarian crisis we have at hand at the moment.”
Vanguard gathered from health officials in the camps visited that 15 deaths had been recorded in the four camps. The figures indicated that Abagena camp recorded nine deaths, LGEA Primary School Daudu camp recorded one death, same as the UNHCR Shelter Camp Daudu, while four deaths were recorded at the Gbajimba camp.
Responding, a spokesperson of the IDPs at the UNHCR Shelter camp, Jacob Iorshelegh, appealed to the Federal Government to encourage security personnel to push out herdsmen from their communities to enable them return to their homes.
NBC 7's Steven Luke speaks with trolley riders and the homeless about a complaint alleging that some members of the San Diego homeless population are using trolleys as a bathroom. (Published 57 minutes ago)
The public's concern over the possible spread of Hepatitis A has fueled a closer look into a not so pleasant question: Are homeless people using trolley cars as bathrooms?
In a letter Friday, Metropolitan Transit System CEO, Paul Jablonski, addressed allegations of commonplace defecating and urinating by homeless individuals inside Trolley Cars as false, calling the instances "extremely rare."
The letter was in response to another letter, one day earlier, from the law firm of Michael Aguirre, a former San Diego City Attorney now in private practice.
Aguirre's firm is legal counsel for the Public Transit Employees Association (PTEA) which represents trolley operators and mechanics.
The complaint came from a trolley operator, according to Aguirre's partner, Maria Severson. They talked about the issue being a habit among certain members of the downtown homeless population.
In their letter to MTS, they refer to homeless riders laying out newspapers and defecating inside the trolley cars during the early morning hours.
NBC 7 spoke with homeless men and women along the 17th Street, in a downtown neighborhood east of Petco Park. Complaints have soared about a lack of available bathrooms in this area.
Darlene Carmack, who has been homeless for the past seven years, said people often use buckets and bags behind bushes and cars, but not trolleys.
"We don't mess up the trolley 'cause we have to ride, our children, our dogs have to ride it," Carmack explained.
Jia Lawton, who is also homeless, said they often dispose of human waste by throwing it down storm drains. They also had never heard of people using trolleys as restrooms.
But homeless advocate David Ross, better known as "The Water Man," because of the water bottles they bring to the neighborhood every day for the past 20 years, said it's something they have witnessed firsthand.
"They'll go defecate anywhere they can," Ross said. They believe that includes the trolleys.
Ross said the problem was aggravated a few years ago when the city removed the portable restrooms they set up near 17th street.
Daily riders of the trolley each shared their unique experiences regarding the homeless with NBC 7.
Lawrence Holt, of Santee, has never seen anyone go to the bathroom on a trolley and said he'd make it a point to say something if they did.
Another daily rider, Greg Brahnm, now refuses to sit in the rear of the trolley because they said that is where the homeless may sleep, urinate and defecate.
"People keep pressing the button on the trolley with their hands," Brahnm said. "I use my elbow--I don't touch anything on the trolley 'cause it's so contaminated, I believe."
In the response to Aguirre and Severson, MTS laid out several steps they've taken to keep passengers and employees safe amid the Hepatitis A outbreak. That includes enhanced cleaning procedures, extra security and free vaccinations for all employees.
Severson said their letter to MTS was merely a concern and no legal action is pending.
MTS spokesperson Rob Schupp told NBC 7, "There is absolutely no truth to Mr. Aguirre's assertions. The issue raised by Mr. Aguirre is not commonplace."
If they find someone has used the trolley as a restroom on a rare occasion, they take the car out of service and it receives special cleaning, according to Schupp.
ONDO State governor, Mr. Rotimi Akeredolu, has advised the Presidency to pick a replacement for Ibrahim Magu as chairperson of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) if the Senate will still not clear him.
Akeredolu said the country must not be allowed to grind to a halt over the non-clearance of Magu because “we have more than 1,001 people who can be chairperson of the EFCC.”
The Senate had twice refused to clear Magu on account on damning security reports it received from the Department of State Services (DSS), which predicated the reports on the failure of Magu to pass integrity test.
The governor spoke on Saturday in Ibadan, Oyo State, on Political Circuit, a radio programme anchored by Isaac Brown on Fresh F.M.
They punctured the claim in some quarters that the Senate needed not clear Magu before they could function as EFCC chair, asking rhetorically, “If the Senate did not need to clear him, why was their name sent there in the first instance?”
“For me, the issue has to do with interpretation of the law. I think the Senate has gone to court over it. Let the Supreme Court determine what the status of the law is. The argument arose as to whether the Senate needed to clear him.
“My take on this is: If the Senate did not need to clear him, why was their name sent there in the first instance? The Presidency must clear the air on that. Then the argument changed that their clearance is in the EFCC Act and not in the constitution. But it is there.
“Is the Act in conflict with the constitution? If it is not, then you have to apply it. It is a gray area for now and needs the imprimatur of the Supreme Court to decide where we go from there.
“The Supreme Court can ask the question: Have you had an EFCC chairperson who was not cleared by the Senate? That can be raised. It can say then we have established a convention that they must be cleared. The clearance is provided for in the EFCC Act and so why don't we go by it?
“The Supreme Court can also explain if the provision in the EFCC Act is in conflict with the constitution it will explain how that happens. We have wonderful Judges everywhere and the way we give interpretation is different. It may be subjective.
“For me, I know what I believe. I don't see any reason for instance why the clearance must not be sought. If the Senate decides it will not clear Magu, then the Presidency should pick another person,” they said.
Asked if himself, Governor Ibikunle Amosun of Ogun State and Dr. Kayode Fayemi and Babtunde Fashola represented the “Buhari's boys” in the South-West and the new face of the leadership of the Progressives Congress (APC) in the zone, they said they were aligned to APC and reiterated their belief in the party.
“This colouration does not fit in at all. In the first instance, I can't be a boy to anybody. I am a man of myself. This is why I have always insisted on a few things. So, to be described as a boy to anybody can't fit for me.
“Today, whether we like it or not, the leader of our party is President Muhammadu Buhari and you can't dispute that fact. The party has hierarchy of leadership. So, don't let us trivialise the position of the president. They remain the leader of the party,” they said.
“So, if I believe in and stand by the party and anybody feels otherwise, so be it. I don't have apologies to make to anybody on that point.
“If tomorrow, the president takes a position that I am opposed to, I will come out and say it and there is nothing that will stop me. That is my life. I will first tell them in private and if they decide to go out public to maintain the same position, then they can be on their own and I, on my own. If I lose thereafter, there is no problem. If they win, so be it,” they said.
On Ondo workers' rejection of ‘fractional payment' of salary arrears, Governor Akeredolu said the workers were asking that 100 per cent of the N7.6 billion Paris Club excess deduction be deployed to pay salary arrears, saying no reasonable governor would commit all their revenue to paying salary.
Burrowing owl chicks were hatched recently at the Charles Paddock Zoo in Atascadero, while the Santa Barbara Zoo has a new baby golden lion tamarin. Courtesy photos
Corporate culture is one of the biggest hurdles in the journey to becoming a digital organisation, according to a new study by Capgemini.
The study, published by analyst Brian Solis and titled ''The Digital Culture Challenge: Closing the Employee-Leadership Gap', uncovered a big cultural disconnect between leaders and their staff.
Solis spoke to more than 1,700 respondents at 340 organisations across eight countries, finding a significant perception gap between the senior leadership and employees on the existence of a digital culture within their organisations. While 40 per cent of senior-level executives believe their firms have a digital culture, only 27 per cent of the employees surveyed agreed with this statement.
Participants included 20 per cent of senior executives, 40 per cent middle management respondents and 40 per cent employees in non-supervisory roles across five industry sectors: automotive, banking/insurance, consumer products, retail and telecommunications.
“To compete for the future, companies must invest in a digital culture that reaches everyone in the organisation. Our research shows that culture is either the number one inhibitor or catalyst to digital transformation and innovation,” Solis said.
“However, many executives believe their culture is already digital, but when you ask employees, they will disagree. This gap signifies the lack of a digital vision, strategy and tactical execution plan from the top.
“Cultivating a digital culture is a way of business that understands how technology is changing behaviours, work and market dynamics. It helps all stakeholders grow to compete more effectively in an ever-shifting business climate."
Overall, the report found 62 per cent of respondents sees corporate culture as one of the biggest hurdles in the journey to becoming a digital organisation, sparking concerns that companies risk falling behind competition in today's digital environment.
Additionally, the data shows that this challenge for organisations has worsened since 2011 by seven percentage points, when Capgemini first began its research in this area.
The survey asked respondents to assess their companies' digital culture based on seven attributes: their collaboration practices; innovation; open culture; digital-first mindset; agility and flexibility; customer centricity and a data-driven culture.
It found that employees don't see their company's culture as ‘digital.' It also concluded that the ‘digital culture gap' is a result of senior leaders failing to communicate a clear digital vision to the company, the absence of digital role models, and a lack of KPIs aligned to digital transformation goals.
Capgemini head of digital services, Cyril Garcia, said digital technologies can bring significant new value, but organisations will only unlock that potential if they have the right sustainable digital culture ingrained and in place.
“Companies need to engage, empower and inspire all employees to enable the culture change together; working on this disconnect between leadership and employees is a key factor for growth. Those businesses that make digital culture a core strategic pillar will improve their relationships with customers, attract the best talent and set themselves up for success in today's digital world.”
Other key report findings show there's a profound disconnect between leadership and employees on all the dimensions of digital culture - with innovation still not a reality for many organisations.
“Only seven per cent of companies surveyed feel that their organisation can test new ideas and deploy them quickly,” the report found.
“This figure echoes employees' sentiment about culture of innovation, with only 37 per cent of respondents stating that their organisations have a culture of innovation, experimentation and risk-taking against 75 per cent of senior executives. Organisations need to actively reward risk-taking and create an environment where employees can experiment.”
Additionally, there is strong disagreement on collaboration practices. The findings reveal a divide between senior-level executives and employees on collaboration practices. 85 per cent of top executives believe that their organisations promote collaboration internally, while only 41 per cent of employees agreed with this premise.
The research also found considerable differences between what leadership and employees perceive as a clear digital vision. Sixty two per cent of respondents in leadership positions affirmed they have a well-defined strategy to achieve their digital goals, while only 37 per cent of employees agreed with this statement.
In conclusion, the report highlights that companies are failing to engage employees in the culture change journey.
“Getting employees involved is critical for shaping an effective digital culture and accelerating the cultural transformation of the organisation. Leadership and the middle management are critical to translating the broader digital vision into tangible business outcomes and rewarding positive digital behaviours,” it said.
The report recommended deploying digital change agents and empower employees to drive a digital culture; designing new digital KPIs that focus on behaviours; making digital culture change tangible; and investing in the digital skills that matter.
It also recommended that organisations communicating a digital vision and have visible leadership involvement; using digital collaboration tools to increase transparency and to reach out to employees; as well as taking a systems thinking approach to culture change.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Ade Adesomoju, Abuja Oil giants, Shell Nigeria Exploration & Production Company and Nigerian Agip Exploration Limited have asked a Federal High Court in Abuja to lift its order temporarily forfeiting the oil field, Oil Prospecting Licence 245, to the Federal Government. They argued among others that the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission “misrepresented and suppressed […]
The post Malabu: OPL 245 not corruptly taken from FG, say Shell, Agip appeared first on Punch Newspapers.
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Nafi Tuitavake joined Northampton from Narbonne in summer 2016
Northampton centre Nafi Tuitavake has signed a one-year contract extension with the Premiership club.
The 29-year-old Tonga international has made 29 appearances for Saints since arriving from Narbonne in 2016.
Tuitavake has scored seven tries in their first two seasons, including crossing in the 32-24 Premiership win against Worcester earlier this month.
"I'm delighted to be staying at Saints for another year, a decision which was very easy for me to make," they said.
Model and TV personality Chrissy Teigen is seriously considering adoption to expand their family with husband John Legend.
The couple, which has been open about its fertility struggles, welcomed daughter Luna via in vitro fertilization (IVF) in April, 2016, but Chrissy spent much of their first year as a mother battling post-partum depression.
The beauty has always loved the idea of having a big family, and although Chrissy really enjoyed their pregnancy, they and John are open to other paths to parenthood.
“I would definitely adopt or have foster children,” they tell America's Marie Claire magazine. “But I loved being pregnant. Maybe I should be scared (of having post-partum depression again), but I don't know. It couldn't be any worse than it was - could it?”
Chrissy went public with their post-partum problems in a candid essay for Glamour magazine in March and as they prepared to celebrate Luna's first birthday in April, the model admitted they were finally starting to feel like their old self again.
“When I was in the midst of everything, I could never imagine myself on the other side of it,” they told Refinery29. “Now, I'm able to look at September, October, November, December, and shake my head at how dark and crazy of a period it was.
“Unfortunately, you can only really do that when you're out of it. There's no other way to explain it. And there's no better feeling than being out of it.”
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
A computer lab gives residents the opportunity to access the Internet (Mike Doria / FOX5).
A digital food pantry allows residents to take what they need (Mike Doria / FOX5).
An apartment complex in east Las Vegas features social services for families in need (Mike Doria / FOX5).
A first of its kind initiative in Nevada that puts a 10,000-square-foot Boys & Girls Club and a Lutheran Social Services building & food pantry on the same land as a 264-unit apartment complex opened on Boulder Highway Wednesday.
Called the Boulder Highway Collaborative Campus, it was designed to give families that rely on affordable housing an easier way to connect with other resources that are often miles away.
The apartment building opened in January of 2018 but the Boys & Girls Club and Lutheran Social Services components weren't available until Wednesday. This partnership of entities came to fruition through Nevada HAND, a non-profit that finds affordable housing solutions for families and seniors.
The Boys & Girls Club will offer It's traditional after school programs, mentoring and tutoring to the complex's children and those who live in developments nearby.
The food pantry located inside the Lutheran Social Services building is equipped with computers allowing qualifying residents the ability to do their food shopping digitally.
A demo kitchen was built into the pantry allowing a volunteer nutritionist to create snacks and teach residents how to make healthier choices. The Boulder Highway Collaborative Campus was funded in part by a $5.8 million dollar grant from the US Department of Housing and Urban Development.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Majority Whip Steve Scalise threw out the ceremonial first pitch before Game 1 of the NL Division Series between the Washington Nationals and Chicago Cubs.
The Louisiana Republican made a triumphant return to the House last week — more than three months after they were wounded while practicing for an annual charity baseball game featuring members of Congress.
Scalise wore a red Nationals jersey Friday night with their name and No. 3 on the back. They threw to U.S. Capitol Police officer David Bailey while holding onto a walker stationed a few feet in front of the mound.
Scalise, Bailey and two others were wounded when a gunman opened fire at the practice. Zack Barth and Matt Mika, the other shooting victims, were honored after the pitch.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Marvel Studios(LOS ANGELES) — The stars of the Marvel Cinematic Universe assembled in Los Angeles Monday night for the premiere of Avengers: Infinity War.
The epic film, ten years in the making, united virtually every hero seen in the MCU to date, and fans — both famous and not — were eager to see who survives.
“It feels like the ending of a chapter,” Marvel movie veteran and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Clark Gregg told ABC Radio. “I haven't seen much, it scares me when they say that. I make me feel like it's gonna be a terrifying and perhaps devastating experience tonight.”
Mark Ruffalo, who plays Bruce Banner/The Hulk, joked that the movie is historic, but not for the reasons you might think. “It's not that it's 10 years or that it's 30 actors or that it's 19 movies: it's that none of us has seen the damn thing!”
Secrecy was key in making the film, and only one of its two stars actually read the whole script. Co-director Anthony Russo talked to ABC Radio about the need for secrecy.
“There are huge happenings,” said Russo. “There are big changes for characters um, it's like any love story, the ending is the most risiable part, the most surprising part. There are a lot of…thrills and surprises in this film…and we wanted all audiences to be able to experience those for the first time in the movie theater.”
Dave Bautista, who plays Drax, put it simply: “I'm a fan, man, I want to sit down with my popcorn and I want to watch this movie. I want to enjoy it. I don't want to know what's gonna happen.”
Avengers: Infinity War opens Friday from Marvel Studios, which is owned by Disney, parent company of ABC News.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
The UN Secretary-General António Guterres has congratulated the people of Kenya for their peaceful participation in the presidential elections.
Guterres stressed the importance of dialogue to defuse tensions and called on the political leaders to send clear messages to their supporters urging them to refrain from violence in the wake of the polls.
A statement issued by UN Spokesman Stéphane Dujarric said the Secretary-General had taken note of the results of the presidential election in Kenya.
The UN scribe had also noted the announcement of the results of the presidential election by the Independent Electoral and Boundaries Commission, which declared Uhuru Kenyatta as President-elect.
“He calls on those political leaders disputing the elections results to address election-related disputes through the relevant constitutionally mandated institutions,” said the Spokesman said.
Guterres also called on the political leaders to send clear messages to their supporters urging them to refrain from violence.
They said the UN, in close collaboration with the African Union and other multilateral and bilateral partners, was fully engaged with Kenya's political leadership and relevant stakeholders to facilitate the successful conclusion of the electoral process.
The official figures released by the Kenya's electoral commission indicated that Kenyatta secured 54.27 per cent to defeat Odinga who scored 44.74 per cent of the ballots cast.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Foster 7
Important save from a Dawson header towards the end denied Hull a lifeline and a nervy finish for the fans.
Dawson 7
Showed their versatility by easily adjusting to a more central role when Pulis went with three at the back.
McAuley 7
Potential goal-saving tackle to deny Diomande at the end of the first half - and another goal!
Evans 5
Withdrawn after just 29 minutes after appearing to aggravate the calf injury that has dogged them recently.
Brunt 7
Couldn't always find the right angles to capitalise on their usually excellent deliveries. Passing was good and showed they can dispatch as well as take corners.
Yacob 7
Failed to track the run of Snodgrass on the goal, but was exceptional in every other department. Vital to how Albion play.
Fletcher 7
Struggled to be too inventive in possession early on with so little movement ahead of him. Kept Albion ticking over all game.
Phillips 8
Played with real confidence and always looked a likely source of a goal, even when Albion struggled first half. Now has nine assists to their name.
Morrison 6
Very un-Morrison like with a couple of poor passes early on. Not their finest game, but adjusted well with the volley that killed the game.
Chadli 5
Another quiet game. Seemed to be on a different wavelength to those around him. Albion were more dangerous after they were subbed off.
Rondon 6
Really not at the races. Not sure if the sudden competition from Robson-Kanu has affected him. Their mis-control actually assisted the third goal.
Subs
Nyom (for Evans, 29) 7
The Cameroon defender is becoming a key player. Shame he's off to the Africa Cup of Nations, even though they don't want to go.
Robson-Kanu (for Chadli, 62) 7
Unable to repeat their south coast heroics, but their introduction still made a big impact on the score line.
McClean (for Rondon, 87)
Your turn...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Are you having problems knowing who has messaged you on WhatsApp?
It is thought an update to people's iPhones has led to a glitch with the messaging service's notifications.
For around a third of people, say Money Saving Expert, their notifications have stopped showing the identity of the sender.
Only Apple phones are affected by the issue, and not Andriod devices.
Money Saving Expert's Guy Anker wrote : "In a snap Twitter poll we conducted, of the 350 iPhone users who replied a third said they now can't see the sender's name in notifications.
"We haven't yet officially found out why this is happening but it appears to have hit following a recent update, with those who have turned off message previews most likely to be affected."
But the consumer website, founded by financial guru Martin Lewis, has ridden to the rescue with a quick fix.
They say:
Go to WhatsApp > Settings > Notifications > turn on Show Preview . Go to iPhone Settings > Notifications > WhatsApp > Show Previews > Never
They say hopefully that will correct the bug in most instances.
Love is a lot of things as we know, and complicated is one of them, but when suspicion arises amid the complication that could spell disaster. On tonight's episode of Love is, Nuri starts to have questions—the right questions anyone should have for a potential lover—but they were so caught up in the rapture that they didn't even think about it. Hold that thought though, because we'll get there.
We start the episode with older Nuri explaining that every couple should go through a cocoon phase in their courtship. This usually happens at the beginning and it's where the couple shuts out the world and focuses on each other. Then we flash back to young Yasir and Nuri in their cocoon. They're falling deeper in love. Their cocoon started from the moment they went to the Wynton Marsallis concert and according to Nuri, those 18-hours were some of the best moments of their relationship.
They took the party back to Nuri's new house after the concert and almost got it on. It got really hot and heavy until Nuri pointed out that it's Ramadan and they need to chill. No nookie for now. This works out because Nuri recently made a promise to themselves that they didn't want to have sex with anyone other than their husband in their new home. Yasir is cool with it and makes moves to leave, but their car won't start. They refuse to knock on Nuri's door to ask to borrow their triple A card. But Nuri is watching them struggle and invites them inside because they don't want them to leave anyway. In hindsight (older Yasir) said they felt like that night with Nuri was their lifeline. They get through the night and manage to fight temptation.
via GIPHY
The next day, Nuri discovers that they got the day off work so they spend even more time cupcaking! Yasir even helps them get work done around their home. Nuri even gives them an honest run down about their boy toys, because y'all know they were a player, but things have changed and they have no problem cutting any of these men off. Their time gets cut short when Nuri discovers that they need to go support their coworker-friend Angela on a blind date. The plan is for Nuri to “coincidentally” bump into Angela and access the situation. If Angela isn't feeling the guy then Nuri will run a distraction to end the date early. Nuri and Yasir agree to meet up again later that night.
Yasir goes back to Ruby's place to look for a AAA card and discovers that Ruby secretly had liposuction (she's bandaged up and looking super sad). In Ruby's mind, they “can't have all the hips and butt” they have if she's going to be a successful yoga instructor, so this is what they needed to do in order to have a successful yoga business in LA. “I do not have the body my clients want,” said Ruby. Yasir replies, “but you have the knowledge.”
Yasir is obviously disturbed seeing Ruby this way, especially because they have no one to help them recover (not even the “anorexic peron who got them into this situaton,” the person who picked them up post-op)so they tell them that they always thought they were beautiful and even helps them drain their post-operation tools and keeps them walking around to avoid blood clots. This is when Ruby reveals that they were riding them about money so hard because they were on edge about getting this surgery. Ruby also makes Yasir promise not to tell anyone about the surgery.
Then we cut back to Nuri with their mother. Them mom is super nosy and wants the scoop on Yasir only to find out that Nuri doesn't even know their last name or their birthday. Mama lets them have it and tells their important questions though, what's Yasir's last name and their birthday? Mama just wants them to be more discerning. This plants some doubt in Nuri's mind, especially after Yasir misses their evening date because he's so caught up taking care of Ruby. The other problem is, Yasir can't find the paper with Nuri's number on it so they can't reach them Nuri can't reach them either and gets worried but their neighbor actually comes through.
via GIPHY
Yasir pushed their dead car in front of said neighbor's house and now the neighbor is concerned about Yasir so they figured she'd ask Nuri if he's okay. Nuri reveals that they don't know and that they don't even know their last name. The crafty neighbor was able to roll the car window down and retrieve their registration. Their last name is Omar, and they gave Nuri their address. They both also noted that “it looks like he's living in their car.”
Meanwhile, Yasir is getting ready to give Ruby a sponge bath but there's a knock on their door. Obviously, it's Nuri. He's super surprised to see them They apologize for standing them up but Nuri wants answers. Why did they stand them up? How do they make money? Are they homeless? Yasir says they can't give them the answers right then but he'll meet up with them tomorrow and tell them what's up. They felt like Nuri deserved their full attention and this wasn't the time or place to have the discussion. The problem is, will Nuri actually show up? We obviously know they end up getting together but it probably won't be without a fight.
RELATED POSTS
‘Love Is' Recap: Yasir And Nuri Keep Hope Alive Despite Their Missed Connection
‘Love Is' Recap: Yasir And Nuri's Situation Feels Like A 90s R&B Song
‘Love Is' Recap: Nuri Finally Realizes That Yasir Ain't Got No Job was originally published on hellobeautiful.com
Also On 93.9 WKYS:
NewsOne
The simple but effective #AskMe T-shirt clothing line is the key piece in a movement to help people rediscover the gift of communication and end the uncivil discourse of these times.
RELATED: Who's Olatiwa Karade? Black Designer Makes Woke ‘F**k Racist Grandma' Sweatshirts
“No one is engaging anymore. When we look around everyone has their faces buried in a cell phone or electronic device. Looking people in the eyes when you speak is a thing of the past. It is getting to the point where engaging with others is becoming socially unacceptable. Some are even offended when you call them about something they feel was textable,” the company's website states.
#AskMe Tees was created by Ayana Smith, who describes themselves as “a mom first” and a “reformed PR strategist.” They lament the tendency of people to stereotype each other based on factors such as race, gender and religion. However, the characteristics and belief systems that seem to separate us are illusions because people share more in common than they realize. #AskMe Tees is new but already sparking meaning conversation and chipping away at the barriers.
Each t-shirt has a topic emblazoned after the hashtag—some are provocative and other create curiosity. Just pick a topic of interest to invite a conversation. Here are a few examples and what people are saying on social media:
“#Feminism means something different to each woman. #AskMe why I call myself a #feminist.”
“Behold! I have uncovered the key to avoiding sexual allegations! #MeToo @askmeteeshirts #AskMe before you touch me.”
“Every movement needs allies. The perfect conversation starter for #activists of all types. #AskMe how you can support the cause.”
Every movement needs allies. The perfect conversation starter for #activists of all types. #AskMe how you can support the cause. https://t.co/wFcpexYaSJ pic.twitter.com/q1YJw4zLNa — AskMeTees (@askmeteeshirts) December 7, 2017
“Why you can't touch my hair has already become an #AskME fave! We have loads of other unique and interesting conversation starters.”
Why you can't touch my hair has already become an #AskME fave! We have loads of other unique and interesting conversation starters. https://t.co/wFcpexYaSJ pic.twitter.com/ePECSAWuw7 — AskMeTees (@askmeteeshirts) December 7, 2017
“#AskMe if I'm teaching my children that being kind is the only way to win at life. #AskMe if I was kind today t-shirt for kids.”
#AskMe if I'm teaching my children that being kind is the only way to win at life.#AskMe if I was kind today t-shirt for kids. Teach #kindness https://t.co/o5QQZQvsRQ pic.twitter.com/Oxm79YWerP — AskMeTees (@askmeteeshirts) December 9, 2017
SEE ALSO:
Black Fox News Host Rebukes David Clarke For Disparaging A Civil Rights Icon
Golden Krust Faces More Financial Woes After CEO Commits Suicide
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The latest Odeon cinema deal includes two or five cinema tickets - and they are flying out.
The offer, revealed by deals website HotukDeals, can be found on money saving website Groupon where more than 7,000 people have already made a purchase.
So in a nutshell, people can pick up two tickets for £10 or five tickets for £20 - and you just have to buy it through the Groupon website.
With various film releases being in the time frame of the vouchers validity- it's important to check when you can use the vouchers for certain films:
Here are some of the T&C's of both deals:
Valid only for 2D screenings
Valid from Feb 26- April 25
Voucher valid for Peter Rabbit until March 22, Tomb Raider until March 22 Pacific Rim until April 5 and so on (find full details on the deals page at Groupon HERE )
The Groupon website is full of other amazing ways you can save a bit of cash at the weekend - just take a peak you could save a small fortune on the odd deal.
Abuja – The Nigerian Copyright Commission (NCC) has confiscated pirated materials worth about ten billion Naira in the last six year in the country.
Mr Afam Ezekude, the NCC Director-General, made this known on Monday in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Abuja.
“The commission has scaled up its enforcement activities in the last six and half years and we have seized pirated items to the tune of over 10 billion naira; remove from markets and shops.
“So in terms of enforcement and prosecution, things have really, dramatically changed over the last six and half years and the creative industry should be well aware of that.
Ezekude also said that the commission's strategies in eradicating piracy remained the same.
They said that the commission would introduce new legislations to strengthen the fight against piracy in the country.
“The draft copyright bill is undergoing fine-tuning at the office of the Attorney General.
“We are hoping that with the new bill becoming a law, it will help to make the copyright industry more vibrant and encourage more creativity and it will address the issue of piracy on the internet.
“So these are the sort of things we are hoping to achieve in the next years so that the industry will become a more vibrant industry and contribute more to the economy and the GDP of the country.
NAN reports that the Copyright Decree No. 47 of 1988 established NCC in August 1989.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The popular Elvaston Steam Rally will take place this weekend at Elvaston Castle and, for once, great weather is predicted!
In the past, the rally has been cancelled due to the site becoming waterlogged. However, as the summer heatwave continues, the only worry for organisers is the clash with England's World Cup quarter-final on Saturday afternoon.
The annual event gives thousands of enthusiasts the opportunity to see classic steam traction engines in action and even have a ride on them.
Each day there will also be a children's tug of war against a steam engine.
Apart from steam contraptions, this year's other attractions include vintage and classic cars and motorcycles, tractors, stationary barn engines and vintage caravans.
(Image: Copyright Unknown)
The event begins at 9am on Saturday and finishes at 6pm, but the vintage fairground will continue well into Saturday evening.
Festivities will restart at 9am on Sunday morning and carry on until 4.30pm.
Tickets cost £10 for adults, with accompanied children free. Unaccompanied children will be charged £5, while adult ticket prices reduce to £5 after 4pm on Saturday. Dogs on a lead are welcome.
Free car parking will be offered on both days, across the road from Elvaston Castle but free bus travel is also being offered.
The buses will run to and from the Morledge in Derby to Elvaston over the weekend. Free buses will also run from Heanor and Ilkeston to the event on Sunday.
Organisers say the main purpose of the Saturday and Sunday event is to raise money for local charities.
(Image: Copyright Unknown)
Elvaston Steam Rally miniature steam secretary and vice chairperson Peter Kemp said: “We're really looking forward to this weekend's event, it looks like we've got good weather for it, so I just hope not too many people will be put off by the football on Saturday.
“Over the whole weekend we'd like to see at least 10,000 people attend, that would be very nice and we'd be delighted with that. The object of the rally is support local charities as much as possible.
“The event will have a little bit more of a traditional feel this year, which will make it more steam orientated. We like to change it up, it's so easy to stay the same but we like to bring some different attractions each year.
“This year we want to see the public joining in as much as possible. We're organising a tug of war for children to face off against a steam engine. We've also got model tents, craft tents and numerous trade stands.
“For a small charity donation, the public will have the opportunity to have a go on a steam engine and even have a go at steering one, which is once in lifetime opportunity for many people.
“In my 30 years of organising the event, we've only had a couple of bad ones, we had to postpone the event once and cancel it completely in 2016, due to bad weather.
“The free bus travel is something we do each year which is really popular, we've offered it for a number of years now and I think people would be quite upset if we dropped it.
“The community are all raring to go and are very excited, safe in the knowledge that the weather won't be a problem this time.
“This is an 11-month project for us all and from September we'll be laying the foundations for next year.”
Here is the full bus timetable for this weekend's rally:
Bus route ‘A' Saturday and Sunday
Derby City Centre (the Morledge) to Elvaston Steam Rally
Bus route 'B' Sunday only
Heanor to Elvaston Steam Rally
(Image: Copyright Unknown)
Bus route 'C' Sunday only
Ilkeston to Elvaston Steam Rally
(Image: Copyright Unknown)
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here .
To download the Android app click here .
Weekend Camping
Elvaston Steam Rally is offering camping for this weekend's event.
The camping cost is £60, which includes entry to the rally on both days.
The price covers up to two adults and two children for camping.
Those wanting to camp can turn up on Friday, July 6 after 1pm.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Wells Fargo's overdraft income surges ahead of rivals
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks
You will be billed $36.00 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week
You will be billed $59.50 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
Other Subscription options:
How Sundial Brands Is Growing the Market for Black Hair Care
On this edition of "Walk the Talk," Bloomberg's Jordyn Holman talks with Sundial Brands co-founder and CEO Richelieu Dennis to discuss the company's hair and skin products that are geared toward various races and ethnicities. (Source: Bloomberg)
Lin-Manuel Miranda has recruited an all-star lineup for their new track “Almost Like Praying.”
Related: Lin-Manuel Miranda Unveils “Immigrants” Video
Marc Anthony, Ruben Blades, Camila Cabello, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, John Leguizamo, Jennifer Lopez, Rita Moreno, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, PJ Sin Suela, Tommy Torres, and Ana Villafañe are all featured on the new song, which will raise money for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico.
Written by Miranda only last week, the original song borrows its title and instantly indelible hook from the classic show tune “Maria,” from West Side Story.
Check out the star-studded charity single below.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The job that has left thousands salivating is back on the market again.
It looked like the role of “Gintern” – someone to travel the world drinking gin – had been filled but it turns out there's still a chance.
ILoveGin has decided to extend the deadline for the search for someone to fill the £20,000 a year job – because so many people applied.
The role sounds fun. It involves travelling around Europe tasting spirits and visiting distilleries.
It was initially advertised last September but appeared to have been filled after the advert came down.
However, after more than 4,000 people applied, the company revealed it just needed more time to investigate candidates – which means the opportunity is still there to apply.
Apart from one set day a month in London, the lucky candidate will get to set their own hours and travel the continent - all in the name of discovering great new drinks.
The two-day-a-week internship will run for six months and ‘may lead to a full time position'. The job spec says you'd typically be visiting ‘1-2 new gin companies each week' and, apart from the day in London, ‘you'll be able to work remotely from home (a coffee shop or wherever you wish)'.
ILoveGin said: “We were so overwhelmed with demand that we couldn't work through them all before Christmas. We're looking to re-start the (vetting) process and hire someone in early 2017.
“We're looking for an enthusiastic gin-loving intern - ‘Gintern' as we like to call it - who will be happy to spend their days trying new gins, new mixers, finding new brands to work with, visiting distilleries, pairing gins and “ginspiring” us with their new-found knowledge.”
“The Gintern will get to travel around the UK and parts of Europe discovering new gins to work with and, of course, sampling them.”
The application process is still open at the ILoveGin website.
This story is about Published 4h
UPDATED: How are former, newer Big 12 teams doing since the moves? Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
The Big 12 isn't very old. In fact, if it were human, it would have only earned the right to drink last year.
But how have the conference -- and the teams leaving and joining it -- fared? A quick look back: The Big 12 was born in 1996 when the remaining Southwest Conference schools -- Texas, Texas A&M, Baylor and Texas Tech -- joined Big Eight schools Oklahoma, Oklahoma State, Kansas, Kansas State, Colorado, Nebraska, Missouri and Iowa State. That core lasted until 2011, when Colorado bolted for its Pac-12 neighbors and Nebraska for the Big Ten. Texas A&M and Missouri left the following year for the SEC. As the Big 12 struggles foremost with perception, how are its new members -- TCU and West Virginia debuted in 2012 -- doing relative to its former conference mates? Here's a football-specific breakdown of how the four teams to leave the Big 12 and the two to join have done in that time. They left Colorado Buffaloes
Justin Edmonds/Getty Images BOULDER, CO - NOVEMBER 26: Defensive back Chidobe Awuzie #4 of the Colorado Buffaloes recovers a fumble during the third quarter against the Utah Utes at Folsom Field on November 26, 2016 in Boulder, Colorado. Colorado defeated Utah 27-22 and win the Pac-12 South. The Buffaloes will play Washington next week in the Pac-12 Championship. (Photo by Justin Edmonds/Getty Images)
League: Pac-12
When they left: 2011
Conference/division titles in that time: 1
Bowl game appearances: 1 Analysis: The Buffs went 5-7 in 2017 and have gone 29-59 since joining the Pac-12. After leaving the Big 12, Colorado didn't make a bowl game until 2016, when Mike MacIntyre, who joined the program in 2013, led the team to a 10-win season. Following that season, four Buffs made it to the NFL -- including two to the Cowboys, CB Chidobe Awuzie in the second round and DT Jordan Carrell in Round 7. It was the highest number of draft picks Colorado had seen since it left the Big 12. No Buffs were selected by the NFL in 2014 or 2015, when the school posted 2-10 and 4-9 marks, respectively. Colorado cracked the AP top 10 in 2016 for the first time since 2002 and closed the season ranked No. 17 in the country. Nebraska Cornhuskers
Brian Bahr/Getty Images LINCOLN, NE - NOVEMBER 24: Wide receiver Terrence Nunn #83 of the Nebraska Cornhuskers gets their toe in the endzone for a touchdown ahead of the diving reach of safety J.J. Billingsley #5 and cornerback Terry Washington #10 of the Colorado Buffaloes in the first quarter on November 24, 2006 at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Nebraska. (Photo by Brian Bahr/Getty Images)
League: Big Ten
When they left: 2011
Conference/division titles in that time: 1
Bowl game appearances: 6 Analysis: After posting five seasons out of six with at least nine wins and bowl appearances in all six, the Cornhuskers fell to 4-8 in 2017, firing head coach Mike Riley and replacing them with Scott Frost. Nebraska's overall record is 56-35 since leaving the Big 12. Nebraska has just one division title in that time (2012, Legends Division) and was in and out of the AP Top 25 under Bo Pelini and Mike Riley. But the Cornhuskers are in a conference where Ohio State won the first-ever College Football Playoff after 2014, which is more than Big 12 members can say of the conference's 12-year championship drought. Missouri Tigers
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer the Missouri Tigers football players celebrate with the winning trophy after defeating the Oklahoma State Cowboys in the Cotton Bowl at AT&T Stadium in Arlington on Friday, January 3, 2014. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News) 01042014xNEWS
League: SEC
When they left: 2012
Conference/division titles in that time: 2
Bowl game appearances: 3 Analysis: Missouri didn't just lose its in-conference rivalry with Kansas when it joined the SEC in 2012. It also lost some of its hype thanks to inconsistent performances post-move. In 2013-14, the Tigers finished a combined 23-5, even ending 2013 ranked fifth in the country and topping the Big 12's Oklahoma State 41-31 in the Cotton Bowl. But the past three years have produced a 16-21 record, although a 7-6 mark in 2017 landed the Tigers in a bowl. They've still stayed relevant in the NFL draft but after tallying nine selections in 2014-15, defensive end Charles Harris -- whom Miami picked 22nd overall -- was the Tigers' only 2017 draftee. Their overall post-Big 12 record is 44-33. Texas A&M Aggies
Patrick T. Fallon/Staff Photographer Texas A&M Aggies wide receiver Nate Askew (9) and Texas A&M Aggies wide receiver Brandal Jackson (4) celebrate after a touchdown during the NCAA football game between the Texas A&M Aggies and Kansas University Jayhawks on Nov. 19, 2011 at Kyle field in College Station, Texas. The Aggies beat KU 61-7. (Patrick T. Fallon/The Dallas Morning News)
League: SEC
When they left: 2012
Conference/division titles in that time: 0
Bowl game appearances: 6 Analysis: Johnny Manziel carried A&M into the SEC, passing for 7,820 yards and 63 touchdowns in 2012-13 -- not to mention rushing for another 2,169 and 30 scores. The result: A&M went 20-6 its first two years after leaving, raised funds for a massive renovation of Kyle Field and felt good about its decision to leave the Big 12. But after three consecutive 8-5 seasons, A&M parted ways with head coach Kevin Sumlin and replaced them with former Florida State coach Jimbo Fisher. Life in the powerful SEC West has not been easy for A&M, though the Aggies have an overall record of 51-27 since joining. They joined TCU Horned Frogs
Andy Jacobsohn/Staff Photographer TCU head coach Gary Patterson prepares to enter the field with their players before an NCAA football game between the Arkansas Razorbacks and the TCU Horned Frogs at Amon G. Carter Stadium in Fort Worth, Texas Saturday September 10, 2016. (Andy Jacobsohn/The Dallas Morning News)
Previous league: Mountain West (Western Athletic, Conference USA even before that)
When they joined: 2012
Big 12 titles in that time: 1
Bowl game appearances: 5 Analysis: TCU, a member of the Southwest Conference, was left out of the Big 12 picture when the league formed in 1996. Since rejoining their former SWC mates as part of the Big 12 in 2012, long-time coach Gary Patterson's Horned Frogs have more than proven they belong in a Power Five league. 2017 brought more proof as the Horned Frogs went 11-3 and reached the Big 12 title game. In 2014, TCU went 12-1, claimed a share of the Big 12 title and almost made it to the college football playoff ... until they dropped from 3 to 6 in the College Football Playoff rankings and the Big 12 missed the big dance altogether. TCU's only loss that year: a mid-season 61-58 contest to Baylor. The Frogs destroyed SEC bowl opponent Ole Miss 42-3 in the 2014 Peach Bowl, and continued on to an 11-2 2015 campaign capped by a triple-overtime defeat of the Pac 12's Oregon in the Alamo Bowl. TCU's draft stock was formidable that year, sending five players to the league. A 2016 6-7 campaign and single draft pick was a step back. TCU faced Oklahoma in 2017's Big 12 championship game revival, falling to the Sooners 41-17. The Frogs finished 11-3 on the year and had three players selected in the 2018 NFL draft. West Virginia Mountaineers
Michael Ainsworth/Staff Photographer West Virginia Mountaineers wide receiver Stedman Bailey (3) catches a touchdown pass in the 3rd quarter asTexas Longhorns cornerback Carrington Byndom (23) defended them during their Big XII football game in Austin,TX on October 6, 2012. (Michael Ainsworth//The Dallas Morning News) 10072012xNEWS
Previous league: Big East
When they joined: 2012
Big 12 titles in that time: 0
Bowl game appearances: 5 Analysis: West Virginia's best year in the Big 12 was in 2016, when the Mountaineers went 10-3 and even cracked the AP Top 10 midseason. But the Mountaineers' collective 43-34 record since joining is less impressive, hampered by their first three years when they posted a combined 18-20 record. However, including 2017's 7-6 mark, the team has posted five straight winning seasons under coach Dana Holgorsen and been to bowls in each of them. After nine Mountaineers were drafted 2015-16, just three combined went in the 2017 and 2018 drafts.
At a glance OUTBOUND School League Joined Record Titles Bowls Colorado Pac-12 2011 29-59 1 1 Missouri SEC 2012 44-33 2 3 Nebraska Big Ten 2011 56-35 1 6 Texas A&M SEC 2012 51-27 0 6 INCOMING School League Joined Record Titles* Bowls TCU Big 12 2012 51-27 1 5 West Virginia Big 12 2012 43-34 0 5 *Conference or division Revenue surge A look at the increase in Big 12 revenue and distribution to its members through 2017: Fiscal year Amount Per school* 2013 $198M $19.8M 2014 $220M $22.0M 2015 $253M $25.3M 2016 $304M $30.4M 2017 $348M $34.8M *TCU and West Virginia first received full distributions in the 2016 fiscal year.
Bowl results How the Big 12 has performed in bowl games since TCU and West Virginia joined the conference: Season W L 2012 4 5 2013 3 3 2014 2 5 2015 3 4 2016-2017 combined 9 5 The full four-part State of the Big 12 series
Part 1: The Big 12 is trying to change persistent attitudes dating to a couple of near-death experiences. Despite rosy revenue projections, two misses in the College Football Playoff and a few self-inflicted wounds represent challenges. Part 2: How has Texas A&M's secession from the Big 12 affected the conference? Even though the Aggies haven't had much success in the SEC, the impact on the Big 12's stronghold on the Lone Star State is hard to ignore. Part 3: The football programs at Texas and Oklahoma are under new management. And the success of first-year coaches Tom Herman and Lincoln Riley will impact the entire conference. Part 4: TV revenue has driven conference membership, coaches salary and next-generation facilities. But how will changes in the business model and tech innovations affect the Big 12 and other conferences?
by
This year, the prestigious 2016 Premier Office Bronze Award goes to the Chestertown Office of Coldwell Banker Chesapeake Real Estate. This is the second year this office has received this distinguished award. The Bronze level Coldwell Banker® Premier Office is the highest honor Coldwell Banker offices can earn. The Chestertown office is located at 114 B Cross Street, Chestertown, MD. It can be reached at 410-778–0330. Chesapeake Real Estate has been an affiliate of the Coldwell Banker® system for 7 years.
After taking office, Donald Trump has repeatedly taken credit for President Obama's economy and regularly touts jobs numbers on their Twitter timeline. Now that Trump's economy is in effect, we doubt he'll be tweeting about the labor market losing 33,000 jobs last month.
While some of this can be attributed to natural disasters, Trump has also failed to pass any major legislation.
Job growth in August and July was revised down, to 38,000 less than previously reported. Economists expected 75,000 new jobs instead of a 33,000 job loss.
The economy has added an average of 172,000 jobs a month over the past year but that has dropped to a 91,000 average over the past three months, showing a trend which is not in Trump's favor.
Axios reports:
Economists widely blame the disruptive effects of Hurricanes Irma and Harvey for the disappointing number, because the survey methodology dictates that folks who didn't get paid on the pay period that included September 12th are not counted as employed. But the report also revised down the two previous monthly estimates of job growth, suggested the slowdown is not all weather related.
After Obama took office, they had quite a task on their hands in dealing with the cost of their predecessor's wars, but they did it. Obama's economy took an upward swing, even after natural disasters such as Hurricane Sandy and the floods which ravaged Louisiana. Throughout their campaign, Trump called Obama's economy ‘a disaster' but compared to other presidents, that was far from the truth.
Fact: Obama took office during the worst recession since the Great Depression when the economy was losing 750,000 jobs a month and already had lost a record 9 percent of GDP. Obama started with a weak economy due to their predecessor's decisions but their final jobs report showed 75 consecutive months of growth.
The unemployment rate, however, just fell to 4.2 percent, and we're sure Trump will bring that up. Let's see how long that lasts because the former reality show star is now making war noises toward North Korea. Also, if Trump manages to get the GOP tax proposal in the works, we'll see more reports like this one.
But for a guy whose ‘presidency' has been based on undoing everything Obama has done, they sure did a good job of that with the first loss of jobs reported in 7 years.
Photo: Alex Wong via Getty Images.
MINNEAPOLIS – LeBron James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on their left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted them and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
James tried to calm the Cavs on Tuesday morning when they found out they would be without Love for the stretch run in an Eastern Conference race that is suddenly tight with the Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards right on their heels.
They said that as long as he's on the floor, the Cavs will always have a chance to win, and no one doubts him.
They took their time to get going, choosing to get others involved, including with a no-look pass through Wiggins' legs to a diving Derrick Williams for a layup in the second quarter. They threw down two soaring dunks later in the third and added a Jordan-like reverse layup as part of a highlight-filled night.
BULLS 105, RAPTORS 94: In Chicago, Doug McDermott scored 20 points, All-Star Jimmy Butler had 19 points and 12 assists in their return to the lineup, and Chicago continued its mastery over Toronto.
Taj Gibson had 14 points and Rajon Rondo added 12 to help the Bulls beat the Raptors for the 11th straight time.
Toronto's last win in the series was Dec. 31, 2013.
Oakley allowed back in MSG
Charles Oakley is allowed back in Madison Square Garden, though the former New York Knicks star says they want an apology before they would return.
MSG chairperson James Dolan banned Oakley last week, two days after the former power forward had an altercation with security guards while attending a game and was arrested.
But the sides reconciled, helped by a meeting Monday at NBA headquarters with Commissioner Adam Silver and Hall of Famer Michael Jordan. Jordan and Oakley were teammates in Chicago before Oakley was traded to New York, where they became a fan favorite with the Knicks from 1988-98.
Raptors trade for Magic's Ibaka
Kyle Lowry said something had to change in Toronto. Serge Ibaka is on their way to try to make that happen.
The Raptors acquired the veteran power forward from Orlando on Tuesday for Terrence Ross and a 2017 first round draft pick.
Orlando general manager Rob Hennigan said Tuesday evening the trade of Ibaka for Ross was necessary for the Magic to have a chance of salvaging a season that has gone drastically off course.
By Jason Keidel
Super Bowl LII
Philadelphia Eagles (15-3) vs. New England Patriots (15-3)
Sunday, February 4, 6:30 pm ET
One more game, the game, four quarters to distill six months and decide the winner of the NFL for the 2017 season. Super Bowl LII features the New England Patriots, the classic chalk and talk of football for the last 17 years, making a league-record 10th trip to the Super Bowl, and the eighth since Bill Belichick and Tom formed the most famous and successful HC-QB tandem in history.
The Pats play the Philadelphia Eagles, the ultimate upstart, faces covered with German Shepherd masks to remind us how long they've been overlooked and underdogs. They've long been a forlorn franchise, making its third trip to the Super Bowl, looking for their first Lombardi Trophy, and first NFL title since they beat Vince Lombardi, himself, in 1960.
First, the bad news for the underdog Eagles. The Pats under Brady and Belichick are 4-1 against the Eagles. The Pats have a combined 73 Super Bowls played among their players. The Eagles have eight. Tom Brady has thrown more playoff touchdowns (68) than Nick Foles has tossed in their entire career (61). The Pats have beaten every team not from the Meadowlands, and every QB not named Eli Manning.
>>MORE: NFL Playoffs: Super Bowl Picks
The good news for the Eagles is the NFL's leading passer is 0-5 when they reach the Super Bowl. Brady led the league in passing yards in 2017. The other good news is of the Pats' prior seven Super Bowls this century, they opened none with a TD drive. In fact, Brady has yet to lead the Pats on a scoring drive of any kind in the first quarter of any of their Super Bowls. It belies their regular season efficiency, as the Patriots have scored a FG or TD in nine opening drives during the 2017 season, going 7-2 in those games. Just further proof the Super Bowl is exalted and accelerated, even for a veteran-hardened team like New England.
The bad news for the Eagles is the Patriots have scored 77 points combined in the fourth quarter and overtime during those games, which is why they've won five of seven, including that biblical comeback last year against Atlanta. The Pats have also toppled the Eagles in the Super Bowl, 13 years ago, a game the Eagles could have won but ran out of gas in the fourth quarter, which fueled some ugly postgame backbiting, led by Terrell Owens, who called out QB Donovan McNabb for coming up lame and sick, heaving and vomiting over the last few minutes of the game.
So as soon as the Eagles soothe their Super Bowl jitters — a very real thing, any player will tell you — the sooner they can get to putting it on the Pats, much the way Atlanta did last year, before forgetting they had the lead, the clock, and Devonta Freeman running the ball. The Eagles are aggressive on both sides of the ball. By any objective measure, they have a deeper and more talented roster, a better offensive and defensive line, and a better overall defense.
>>MORE: Keidel: Super Bowl 52, By The Numbers
The Patriots are five-point favorites for two reasons — Brady and Belichick — and their combined wisdom, experience, talent and temerity. On paper, the Eagles seem to have the edge. Of course, the Super Bowl is played on a football field, albeit and neutral field, not in theory or with computerized algorithms. Another level of New England's gridiron genius is their perseverance, patience, and absolute allergy to making big mistakes. Many times the Patriots win games just by making fewer errors. We've often heard that teams lose games more than win them, which has been the ultimate science behind the Patriots' playoff success.
If we look at the playoffs, no one can doubt that the Eagles have looked exponentially better. Philadelphia has put forward record-setting defense in January, top five all-time in average playoff points per game against a team in the Super Bowl era. The Eagles D has yielded 17 points so far in the postseason, averaging 8.5 points per game. Only the 2000 Giants and 2000 Ravens have been more stingy to this point than the 2017 Eagles.
Of course, the Pats are harder to kill than Michael Myers, Jason Voorhees, and Freddy Krueger combined. Even when you have the symbolic boot on their throat, you'd better grind until life leaves their eyes, there's no breathing, and no pulse. Just ask Atlanta. If the Eagles jump out front, they have the defense to make it stick, and Foles has proved he's got enough talent and temerity to avoid the big gaffe that felled the Seahawks and Falcons before them.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
This iteration of the Eagles may be more beloved than any in history. More than the Dick Vermeil squads, more than the Reggie White club, led by the ornery Buddy Ryan. This is not just the most cherished team, but also the best in franchise history. How many premature postmortems must we write about these Eagles before we finally realize they refuse to die?
Prediction: Eagles win, 26-24
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports.  They are a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, they have been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. They have written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. They made their bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow them on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Upbeat Birmingham Moseley boss Richard Protherough has been set a selection poser for tomorrow's National One clash with visitors Blackheath.
In the absence of a number of senior players, a youthful red-and-black side put in an impressive display during last week's bonus-point win at Old Albanian.
So the return to fitness of full-back Mike Penn and hooker Adam Caves, both of whom suffered knocks in the home defeat to Darlington Mowden Park seven days earlier, has given Moseley's rugby director exactly the sort of head-scratcher they enjoy.
“Cavesy and Mike Penn are both back from injury this week and we didn't pick up any knocks last week,'' said Protherough.
“We had a young backline, other than Rob Lewis, and in particular our back three – Joshua Jarvis, Sam Pointon and Mark Harrison – played very well, as did Will Butler in the centre.
“Our front row had an average age of 21 and they were excellent too, so given we were away from home with such a young side, I was really pleased with how things went, which makes selection more difficult than usual.”
Blackheath, who are entertainingly – or pretentiously – depending on your viewpoint, known as “the club” by their followers, have built promisingly on last season's seventh-placed finish during the opening weeks of the campaign.
They sit six places and league points ahead of the Red and Blacks, and with their early-season record including narrow wins over last season's second and third-placed clubs, Plymouth and Ampthill, Protherough is expecting a tough challenge.
“They've only lost one game so far, away at Coventry, so they've had a really good start,” they said. “They look a good outfit who have built on a strong contingent who were there last year.
“They've added to their front row through Danny Herriott and Hayden King, who are both good players, who have joined them from Albanian and Rotherham, and they have a solid lineout. We've found the quality in the league this year has gone up across the board and Blackheath are definitely one club who are going to be up there come the end of the season.”
It was always going to take time for Protherough's newly-assembled squad to find their feet but as their National One campaign approaches the quarter-season mark, they believe there are clear signs things are coming together.
“We've used 34 players to date, partly to see different combinations, but also through injury,” they said. “But we are starting to find our feet now, as with a new squad, even when it includes experienced players, you don't have that collective knowledge of how to play at certain times of the game, combinations and how they fit together.
“We were missing that early on but we're showing signs of finding it now and a lot of our training sessions are geared around game scenarios and 15-versus-15, where we learn how to play together under match conditions.”
HIKING TIP OF THE MONTH: Leaving early, before dawn even, is the best way to avoid headaches for popular areas such as this one. Kids can generally sleep in the car, and coffee solves a lot of problems caused by getting up so early.
HOW LONG IS IT? It is five miles round-trip. You gain about 1,000 feet.
WHERE IS IT? The road to the trailhead leads from the town of Eldora.
There are a few out-of-the-way favorite hiking spots that aren't really out of the way any longer. This is what it means to get older.
It's not my age, really. It's just the years I've been alive. It's the fact that there's a lot more people around, both because of biology and because Colorado is a really cool place to live, and more and more people are figuring that out.
I figured that out nearly 20 years ago, when I left Kansas, my beloved home state, to live in the only place I knew I would love more.
The 4th of July trailhead, just outside the town of Eldora, holds a lot of memories for me. When I was much younger and Dad and I were discovering the mountains around Rocky Mountain National Park, it was a remote location, one of the places where we wouldn't see many people on our way to North and South Arapaho peaks, or the traverse from Neva to Jasper peaks, or many other adventures we shared together.
It's still remote, but it's also busy, just like many of my favorite areas now. That's a part of living life and seeing the world change around you. It's also a reason I wanted to take my kids up there. They needed to see the areas that inspired me to get out and experience Colorado.
The area, at least for me, is one of two main ways you can access the Indian Peaks Wilderness Area. The other is the Brainard Lake Recreation Area, another remote but busy spot. Both are wonderful, worst-kept secrets in our area. The trails that lead from the 4th of July are known for wildflowers: I've never seen a display such as the one I've seen on my way to South Arapaho in late July and August.
Recommended Stories For You
Even though the 4th of July trailhead feels close, it's not, really, especially when you consider the long stretch of road that leads to the trailhead. It's 5 miles, and it's basically 4WD, even though hardy passenger cars can do it. My old girl, my 2001 CRV, had no trouble with it, but it can handle some of the worst roads in the San Juans. Your sedan may have other ideas.
Once you get there, if you're not there early, you're in trouble.
We were there just before 8 a.m. on a Sunday, and both the lower and upper lots were full. Getting the kids up before dawn paid off, however, because we were able to find a spot alongside the road near the trailhead. It took us more than two hours to reach it from Greeley, and that was with light traffic.
We were there to do the Diamond Lake trail. The Indian Peaks Wilderness typically offers up gorgeous scenery that doesn't require a lot of effort to earn it. This is another reason why hikes in that area tend to be so popular: They are a good, easy alternative to the overcrowded national park, and they're prettier and easier than 14ers.
Allie wasn't in the mood to go after they bravely climbed a 14er a few weeks ago, but Jayden and Allie's twin, Andie, were up for it as well as my golden retriever, KC, who is basically up for anything, including trying to say hi to every hiker.
You start on the Arapaho Pass Trail, and it's a steady uphill climb all the way to the lake, but it never gets too steep. The kids had no problem with it, especially after clambering up the 14er.
About halfway through, just before the trail forks left from the Arapaho Pass trail, we had to cross a stream. It was a bit precarious, even if the only real danger is getting wet. I would expect it to be a bit scarier in the spring, when the runoff would be highest, but we had no issue walking from one rock to the next this time of year.
I hate to admit this, but I did let KC roam free for a bit, until an old man, probably a veteran hiker, scolded me. KC is so friendly that I forget that most areas allow dogs but only if they're leashed. I guess the rangers have had a real issue with this and will hand out fines if they see a dog off its leash.
The Diamond Lake trail passes a beautiful waterfall before the last half-mile walk to the end. The lake, as most lakes are, is a beautiful spot for lunch. It is 5 miles total, and most anyone can do it if they are even remotely used to physical activity.
We passed many, many hikers on the way down, but the lake itself offers enough space for a little seclusion. The drive down was chaotic as well, but probably not as bad as a Sunday afternoon on Interstate 70 after a day in the mountains.
I know winter has hit the mountains, and the trailhead alone is above 10,000 feet. The lake is just less than 11,000. So you may run into some snow. I think this would be a fun trail to snowshoe, although you won't be able to drive the road that leads to it in heavy snow, and that would add a lot of miles. I'd also be a little worried about crossing that big creek in the winter.
Our state is full of people, and there's not much we can do about that. These favorite spots from my childhood offer me and now my kids some solace that as the world changes, some places stay the same, even if you have to share them with crowds seeking the same thing.
— Dan England has climbed more than 150 peaks, including all of the state's 54 14ers, and logged thousands of miles on Colorado's great trails.  They are the Adventure and NextNC editor for the Tribune. They also occasionally guides hikes and snowshoes, mostly 14ers. They can be reached at dengland@greeleytribune.com or 392-4418. Follow them on Twitter @ DanEngland.
It's spring cleaning time in my house and we usually work from the bedrooms on out. Pillows often get overlooked, but they need to be cleaned too. If you've got a feather, down or polyester pillow, you can put it in the washing machine. This is one exception I make when it comes to water temperature. I do use warm or hot water on pillows. Dry the pillows on low heat and use at least two dryer balls, but I don't recommend tennis balls. And make sure the pillows are completely dry. If you have a memory foam pillow, sprinkle it with baking soda and leave it in the sunshine all day.
http://www.treehugger.com/cleaning-organizing/do-you-know-how-clean-pillows.html
0:41
Answers to solar eclipse questions you're too embarrassed to ask
2:03
McClatchy marks five years of captivity for journalist Austin Tice
7:26
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Nutritional High International Inc. (the "Company" or "Nutritional High") (CSE:EAT)(CSE:EAT.CN)(OTCQB:SPLIF)(FRANKFURT:2NU) is pleased to announce that Palo Verde LLC ("Palo Verde"), a company's licensed tenant in Colorado has filled a major order for Natures Herbs and Wellness Center in Colorado ("Natures Herbs").
FLI Product Sales Orders with Natures Herbs
Palo Verde has fulfilled a large order of 1/2 gram FLI-branded vape pen cartridges with Natures Herbs in anticipation of increased demand for products on 420. Nature's Herbs owns several dispensaries in the Denver area.
Palo Verde continues to expand its product distribution network, as it ramps up the sales of FLI-branded products. The Company will post additional pictures in this regard on its social media pages.
David Johnson, Owner of Palo Verde commented - "We are excited to announce this partnership between Palo Verde and Nature's Herbs and look forward to continuing developing the relationship as we introduce additional product lines."
About Nutritional High International Inc.
Nutritional High is focused on developing, manufacturing and distributing products and nationally recognized brands in the hemp and marijuana-infused products industries, including edibles and oil extracts for nutritional, medical and adult recreational use. The Company works exclusively through licensed facilities in jurisdictions where such activity is permitted and regulated by state law.
For updates on the Company's activities and highlights of the Company's press releases and other media coverage, please follow Nutritional High on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Google+ or visit www.nutritionalhigh.com.
NEITHER THE CANADIAN SECURITIES EXCHANGE NOR OTC MARKETS GROUP INC., NOR THEIR REGULATIONS SERVICES PROVIDERS HAVE REVIEWED OR ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUACY OR ACCURACY OF THIS RELEASE.
This news release may contain forward-looking statements and information based on current expectations. These statements should not be read as guarantees of future performance or results. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those implied by such statements. Such statements include submission of the relevant documentation within the required timeframe and to the satisfaction of the relevant regulators, completing the acquisition of the applicable real estate and raising sufficient financing to complete the Company's business strategy. There is no certainty that any of these events will occur. Although such statements are based on management's reasonable assumptions, there can be no assurance that such assumptions will prove to be correct. We assume no responsibility to update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances.
Company's securities have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"), or applicable state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold to, or for the account or benefit of, persons in the United States or "U.S. Persons", as such term is defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act, absent registration, or an applicable exemption from such registration requirements. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the securities in the United States or any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.
Additionally, there are known and unknown risk factors which could cause the Company's actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking information contained herein. All forward-looking information herein is qualified in its entirety by this cautionary statement, and the Company disclaims any obligation to revise or update any such forward-looking information or to publicly announce the result of any revisions to any of the forward-looking information contained herein to reflect future results, events or developments, except as required by law.
New York: The New York Knicks's latest tough week ended on a high note on Sunday as Carmelo Anthony and company shocked the San Antonio Spurs 94-90 at Madison Square Garden.
A victory over the second-best team in the NBA was a welcome change of fortune for the Knicks, who are languishing well out of play-off contention in the Eastern Conference amid tensions between Anthony and club president Phil Jackson.
A feud between owner James Dolan and popular ex-Knick Charles Oakley also boiled over in ugly fashion on Wednesday.
Anthony said they were doing their best to ignore the noise.
“I'm out here playing basketball, trying to enjoy the game of basketball,” they said. “Whatever happens outside the basketball court does not concern me.”
Instead, Anthony said, they and their teammates were focused on delivering the kind of consistent performance they've had trouble sustaining through four quarters this season.
Anthony scored 25 points and pulled down seven rebounds, Derrick Rose added 18 and Kristaps Porzingis contributed 16 with seven rebounds and four blocked shots to help the Knicks end a four-game skid.
New York came up big defensively, too, holding the Spurs to a season-low 36.3 per cent shooting in the upset.
Kawhi Leonard paced the Spurs with 36 points and LaMarcus Aldridge added 15, but veteran point guard Tony Parker missed all three of their field goal attempts and finished with zero points and four assists in 31 minutes on the floor.
A jump shot from Leonard cut New York's lead to 88-86 with 1:43 to play, but Anthony responded with two straight baskets that rebuilt the Knicks's lead to 92-86 with 33 seconds remaining and the Spurs wouldn't get the deficit below four points the rest of the way.
Days after Dolan banned Oakley from Madison Square Garden — where the fan favourite was arrested on Wednesday for resisting security personnel who tried to toss them from the arena — support for Oakley was evident among fans, including filmmaker Spike Lee who sat courtside in an Oakley jersey.
Dolan sat Sunday next to Latrell Sprewell, another ex-Knick with whom he's feuded.
Sprewell called the Oakley incident “disappointing” in a courtside TV interview, saying it was time to “iron out” the situation “and get past it.”
Pistons fight back
In Toronto, Kentavious Caldwell-Pope scored five of their 21 points in the final minute as the Detroit Pistons erased a 16-point fourth-quarter deficit to beat the Raptors 102-101.
Caldwell-Pope made a 16-foot jumper and followed it with a three-pointer with 13.2 seconds left to give the Pistons a one-point lead.
Toronto's DeMar DeRozan missed a fadeaway jumpshot as time expired.
The Raptors, fourth in the Eastern Conference, lost for the 10th time in 14 games.
Andrew Wiggins scored 27 points and Karl-Anthony Towns contributed 22 as the Minnesota Timberwolves rolled past the injury-depleted Chicago Bulls 117-89 in Minneapolis.
The Bulls were without starters Jimmy Butler and Dwyane Wade as well as backups Nikola Mirotic and Paul Zipser.
The Timberwolves, who had lost five of their previous six games, took full advantage to give coach Tom Thibodeau a sweep of the season series against their former team.
In Sacramento, DeMarcus Cousins scored 28 points, grabbed 14 rebounds and handed out 17 assists in the Kings's 105-99 win over the New Orleans Pelicans.
Cousins was also whistled for their 17th technical foul of the season, for an elbow thrown in the first quarter that appeared to be inadvertent. Cousins, who has already served a one-game ban for amassing 16 technicals, will be suspended another game for an 18th tech.
Pelicans rookie Buddy Hield was ejected for the first time in their NBA career after they were assessed a flagrant foul for hitting Cousins in the groin in the second quarter.
— AFP
“The last month, we've seen a pretty large increase in the volume of Tamiflu, which is the drug of choice to combat the flu,” Gillespie said.
But what else can help? Anyone who remains ill for more than a few days or develops a fever of more than 102 degree Fahrenheit should seek the advice of a doctor, but Gillespie said it can also be a good idea to prepare a “flu kit” to help treat smaller sniffles throughout the season.
“It's good to keep the things that work for you on hand,” they said.
Here's what they said should go in it:
Hand sanitizers, which can help both you and the people in your household avoid germ transmission if one of you becomes sick. If you're especially germ-conscious, you can also buy surgical-style masks meant to reduce the spread of airborne illness.
Decongestants and pain relievers, which can dry up a runny nose and help reduce a slight fever.
Water, which will help you stay hydrated as you ride out the course of your sickness.
You can still receive a flu shot at most local pharmacies. Check this map to find a location near you.
/ Front page / News
Update: 8:35PM A MAN who had pleaded guilty to unlawfully cultivating 74 marijuana from their farm at Wainibuka last year informed the High Court in Suva today that they had ventured into planting marijuana because they were not receiving any government assistance following major destructions to their home and plantation by Severe Tropical Cyclone Winston last year.
Sakaraia Dukubure who has been found guilty and convicted of the charge appeared before Justice Vinsent Perera at the High Court in Suva today.
In their mitigation submission, they said it came to their mind to plant marijuana because it had a great value.
They however said they did not plant it to satisfy the people who use it.
Mr Dukubure has been further remanded in custody to await their sentencing next week Friday.
Selena Gomez has released the music video for their new single “Bad Liar.”
Related: Selena Gomez on ‘Intentional, Refreshing, & Moody' New Album
The visual, which was directed by Jesse Peretz, features Gomez playing multiple roles including a high school student, their blonde alter-ego, and their own parents (both the man and woman).
The clip ends with a title card that reads “Coming Soon,” followed by the word “Fetish.” Is this the title of Selena's new album or next single? Only time will tell.
Check out the video for “Bad Liar” below.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Investors position for Trump growth boom over next 12 months
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
From bad to worse
Villa are verging on a crisis after losing back-to-back home games in what has now stretched to an eight-game winless run.
The form in B6 was propping them up but two defeats in three days has seen the club hit new lows. Villa now have the daunting task of going to Newcastle United on Monday and they're notoriously bad travellers, too.
Lowest attendance of the season
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in Aston Villa fan gallery Share this video Watch Next
Just 26,435 turned up for the defeat against Barnsley - the lowest turnout of the year. There were big gaps of empty seats in the stands and the ground was completely empty just seconds after the full-time whistle.
The aim for Villa now is to get the fans back to Villa Park but they will only do that by winning games.
Hostile
The mood in the stands is turning and while there were no collective taunts aimed at Steve Bruce, they still required extra security as they walked down the tunnel on the final whistle.
Stewards followed Bruce from the dugout to the tunnel but the ground was almost empty by the time they disappeared out of sight. Fans are losing patience with the team once again.
Energy and enthusiasm
Barnsley lost five first-team members last month to so-called bigger teams in the division yet still they're finding a way to maintain their surprise play-off push.
Manager Paul Heckingbottom sets their side out to play without fear and their motto is to score more goals than they concede. The Tykes are an aggressive, forward-thinking side who are managing to give the best teams in the division a run for their money.
One that slipped away
Tom Bradshaw returned to the Midlands to fire in a deadly double to sink Villa. Scouts knew all about them from their time at Walsall and the hitman even had family members sitting in the Holte End supporting the claret and blues last night.
Villa have struggled to find bargain buys in the lower divisions in recent years but maybe they will need to start considering that approach in times ahead with another season in the second tier looming.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- The murder of a construction worker on the job in Kansas City now has others scared to go to work.
A sub-contractor working on a project for Spire Energy was shot and killed Tuesday by a man who witnesses said asked for a cigarette.
Co-workers said 23-year-old Johnathon Porter had it all -- a new baby with their girlfriend and a new job to support their young family. Porter worked for InfraSource, contracted by Spire to work on a gas line replacement project going on throughout Kansas City.
“Makes me very nervous, you know, to see this happening,” said another sub-contractor who did not want to be identified for fear of losing their contract. “I just see it all the time, you know?”
They said they and their crews encounter tough situations on a daily basis.
“We face guys driving by. Some of them will point guns at you, and they speed trough where you are working,” they said.
Witnesses said Porter was working with a crew at 9th and Brooklyn when a man with a dark complexion wearing a blue hoodie and grey sweatpants walked up to the crew and asked for a cigarette.
According to witnesses, the supervisor said they didn't have any and asked the man to move out of the construction area.
That's when witnesses said the suspect began to walk off, then turned and yelled, “Y'all don't have to lie to me,” and fired seven or eight shots towards the crew.
Porter was shot in the chest.
One of Porter's co-workers told FOX4, that crews are supposed to have protection while working, but that protection is a sheriff's deputy who monitors six or seven sites at a time, driving between them.
An executive for Spire would not go into specifics of the security plan but acknowledged that protection is provided. However, there was not a law enforcement officer at the site when Porter was killed.
In a statement sent to FOX4 by Molly LeCronier, vice president of InfraSource, reads:
“We are deeply saddened today after one of our InfraSource employees was shot and killed this morning while working on a construction site in Kansas City, Missouri for our customer, Spire. We are actively cooperating with local law enforcement to determine the cause of this tragic incident. We ask that you hold our employee, their family and friends, and our InfraSource family in your thoughts and prayers. No other details have been confirmed at this time.”
Jenny Gobble with Spire Energy also sent a statement regarding the shooting death of Porter, which reads:
“We are heartbroken today after an InfraSource employee performing work for Spire was shot at a Kansas City construction site. They later died at the hospital. Until we know more, we are working with police and InfraSource to pull crews off the streets in the Kansas City area. We ask that you hold this man, their family, their friends, InfraSource and utility workers, and our communities in your thoughts and prayers.”
Both InfraSource and Spire shut down their field operations after the shooting and sent crews home.
If you have any information that could help police catch this murder suspect, please call the TIPS Hotline at 816-474-8477. All calls are anonymous, and there is a reward.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Apple executive plays down using cash to create US jobs
By Kingsley Omonobi & Joseph Erunke
Abuja—Following what they referred to as the effects of the current security challenges in the country, Inspector-General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, has ordered immediate withdrawal of all police officers attached to political office holders, VIPs and prominent individuals in the country.
To this effect, a memo will be forwarded to the President for approval, which will serve as guidelines or template for deployment of police officers to VIPs, political office holders and public office holders in the country.
Idris said the need for streamlining the deployment of police personnel attached to VIPs, political and public office holders, was aimed at enhancing effective and efficient policing of the country.
They said: “A task force has been constituted at the Force Headquarters under the Command of ACP Mohammed Adamu Dan Kwara, to ensure compliance to this directive, while command CPs are to replicate same at their various commands.
“However, business entrepreneurs, multi-national organisations, corporate individuals and entities that require such services and are found to be worthy will be considered from Special Protection Unit of Nigeria Police Force on application for re-validation through state commissioners of police where they are resident or domiciled.
“The commissioners of police are to profile and recommend, if such applicants merit the services for approval. By so doing, I am charging the commissioners of police with the responsibility of supervising such official deployment, thereby holding them accountable.
‘On the proliferation of Police Spy Number Plate and its abuse as well as illegal use of siren, the IGP said: “I have equally observed the excessive abuse of Spy Number plate, covering of number plate and illegal use of siren.
“The police spy number plate exclusively approved for use by banks, security companies and multi-national companies is greatly abused, a situation where criminals now take advantage of this to perpetrate heinous crimes.
“I have, therefore, directed that holders of all police spy number plates are to return them to the Force Transport Officer, FTO, at Force Headquarters, where they are expected to apply for re-validation.”
On Rivers Neighbourhood Watch
Speaking on the recently approved bill by Rivers State House of Assembly for the establishment of Neighbourhood Watch or vigilante group, which had been signed into law by Governor Nyesom Wike, the IGP directed Rivers State Police Commissioner to get a copy of the new law, study it and ensure that it does not run contrary to Section 214 of the constitution.
Buhari deserves commendation—Omokri
Reacting to the IGP's order, former President Goodluck Jonathan, said in a statement by one of aides, Reno Omokri: “Three weeks ago, Chief Mike Okiro, head of the Police Service Commission, revealed that under President Muhammadu Buhari, 150,000 police officers are guarding ‘big men' instead of performing core police duties.
“President Buhari's son, Yusuf, alone had more guards them than the guards attached to Government Girls' Science and Technical College, Dapchi, at the time of the kidnapping, yet the president has the guts to say they handled Dapchi better than Jonathan handled Chibok.
“A serious president, knowing how vulnerable the North East is, would have sent these 150,000 police officers to guard schools in the Northeast rather than send them out to guard APC big shots all over the country.
“I am glad to report today that the Inspector General of Police announced the withdrawal of those officers and ordered their return to core police duties. I, therefore, commend President Buhari for listening to counsel.''
Categories:
Tags:
A HUGE crowd and record prices were the order of the day at the Myrtleford Autumn sale run by Paull and Scollard last month.
A strong field of buyers pushed the top price of the sale to $3110 for a cow and calf raising concerns that current cattle prices are not sustainable.
Prices averaged $2782 across a line-up of 149 heifers (mostly Angus with some Hereford, Simmental-cross and Charolais-cross) which had young calves aged a few weeks.
In all more than 1100 cattle were sold.
Stock agent Dan Ivone said cows and calves had been too cheap for too long.
“I think they are just getting to be where they should be,” they said.
By Michael Eboh
Minister of State for Petroleum Resources Mr. Ibe Kachikwu, Monday, dissociated themselves from politics in Delta State, stating that they have not indicated interest in running for any elective political office in the state.
In a statement in Abuja, Director Press, Ministry of Petroleum Resources, Mr. Idang Alibi, described as fake, the campaign posters of Kachikwu for the 2019 governorship elections in Delta State pasted by unknown persons across the Federal Capital Territory.
Alibi urged stakeholders in both the oil and gas sector and indeed the general public to discountenance these unfounded speculations.
They said, “The office of the Honourable Minister of State for Petroleum Resources hereby dissociates itself from the campaign posters which they have absolutely no knowledge of. The Honourable Minister of State for Petroleum Resources has not indicated any interest in running for any elective political office in Delta State.
“Kachikwu is focused on delivering on the reforms currently being implemented in the petroleum sector under the leadership of President Buhari and Acting President Osinbajo in line with their duties as Minister of State for Petroleum Resources and Chair of the Board of the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation, NNPC.
“He remains committed to effectively representing their state of origin, Delta State in the federal cabinet to institutionalise transparency, accountability and productivity in the Nigerian oil and gas sector.”
Alibi stated that Kachikwu's priority was to consolidate on the progress and successes recorded in the petroleum sector and refused to be distracted from this focus.
They said, “It is gratifying that, despite challenges, measurable progress has been made in achieving important milestones under Kachikwu‘s watch and today, the petroleum sector is more transparent and contributes more to the national coffers. Consolidating on this progress remains the priority of Kachikwu and they refuse to be distracted from this focus.
“The Honourable Minister of State for Petroleum Resources assures all Nigerians of their and Government's continued commitment to the welfare and well-being of the citizenry, while thanking them for usual cooperation and collaboration towards achieving the lofty dreams of a thriving oil and gas sector for Nigeria.”
The brother of Nikolas Cruz, Zachary Cruz, center, leaves the courtroom after their brother's arraignment, March 14, 2018. The Broward Sheriff's Office arrested Zachary Cruz March 19, and charged them with trespassing at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School, the scene of last month's mass shooting by their brother Nikolas. Wilfredo Lee AP
Growing up in southwestern Virginia in recent decades, poet Molly McCully Brown often passed by a state institution in Amherst County that was once known as the "Virginia State Colony for Epileptics and Feebleminded."
Since 1983 the facility, which was founded in 1910, has been called the Central Virginia Training Center, and it is now a residential home for people with various intellectual disabilities. But in the early 20th century, the place Brown now refers to as "the colony" was part of the eugenics movement taking hold in the U.S., and a variety of treatments now considered inhumane were practiced there — including forced sterilization. Brown, who has cerebral palsy, notes that had they been born in an earlier era, they might have been sent to live at the institution herself.
"It is impossible to know that for sure," they say. "I can look at my life and look at my family and look at my parents and think, No, never. That never would have happened. But I also understand that if I had been born 50 years earlier, the climate was very different."
They hope to give voice to those early generations of residents, in their book of poetry, The Virginia State Colony For Epileptics And Feebleminded.
For Brown, the themes of disability and poetry have been constant throughout their life: "In my life, there has always been my body in some state of falling apart or disrepair or attempting to be fixed, and there has always been poetry. And I couldn't untwine those things if I tried."
Interview Highlights
On seeing the buildings and grounds of the old facility
It was incredibly moving and incredibly powerful. The place is interesting because it is still an operational facility for adults with really serious disabilities, although it is in the process of closing. But like a lot of things in Virginia, it was initially built on an enormous amount of land. And, so, a really interesting thing happened, which is that as the buildings that were originally part of the colony fell into disrepair, they were largely just moved out of — and new buildings were built on accompanying land, but those original buildings were not necessarily torn down. So the place itself is this really strange combination of functioning facility and ghost town of everything that it has been. I've never been in a place that felt more acutely haunted in my life.
On how some people assume their physical disability means they also have an intellectual disability
We do have a strange tendency in this country to equate any kind of disability with less intellectual capability and with even a less complete humanity. Certainly as a child and as a teenager — and even now as an adult — [I] encountered people who assumed that just because I used a wheelchair, maybe I couldn't even speak to them. I often get questions directed at people I'm with, as opposed to me, and that's a really interesting phenomenon.
On the connection between poetry and theology
Both poetry and theology for me are about paying attention to the world in a very intentional way, and about admitting a mystery that is bigger than anything that I rationally understand. ... I think poetry has always been for me a kind of prayer. So those things feel very linked for me. And, again, poetry does feel like the first — and in some ways best — language I ever had for mystery and for my sense of what exists beyond the world we're currently living in.
On how Catholicism has helped them accept their body
One of the things that I find so moving about Catholicism is that it never forgets that to be a person is inherently and inescapably and necessarily to be in a body — a body that brings you pain, a body that brings you pleasure, a body that can be a barrier to thinking more completely about your life and your soul — but [that it] can also be a vehicle to delivering you into better communion with the world, with other people and to whatever divinity it is that you believe in.
What Catholicism did for me, in part, is give me a framework in which to understand my body as not an accident or a punishment or a mistake, but as the body that I am meant to have and that is constitutive of so much of who I am and what I've done and what I hope I will do in the world.
More and more ... I've come to see my body as a place of pride and potential, and as something that gives me a unique outlook onto the world. And I'd rather that, I guess, than be infuriated by it.
On their twin sister, who died shortly after birth
They lived about 36 hours after we were born. ... It's a phenomenon in my life that I have not a lot of rational explanation for, ... but it is true that I miss my sister with a kind of intense specificity that has no rational explanation, and that I feel aware of their presence in this way that I can't exactly explain or articulate, but which feels undeniable to me. ...
I do think that that sort of gave me no other option than to believe in some kind of something beyond this current mortal life that we're living. Because what is the explanation otherwise for the fact that I feel like I miss and I know this person who only lived a matter of hours? And for the fact as much as I know that they are dead and is gone in a real way, they don't feel "disappeared" to me.
On how their physical disability and their poetry are intertwined
I think the easiest way I have of describing it is I have two [early] memories. ... One of them is of sitting on a table in a hospital room in the children's hospital in St. Louis, choosing the flavor of the anesthetic gas I was going to breathe when they put me under to do my first major surgery. I was picking between cherry and butterscotch and grape. And the second memory that I have is of my father reading a Robert Hayden poem called "Those Winter Sundays."
Roberta Shorrock and Therese Madden produced and edited this interview for broadcast. Bridget Bentz, Molly Seavy-Nesper and Deborah Franklin adapted it for the Web.
Pharmaceutical company Allergan is voluntarily recalling packs of its birth control pills in the U.S. because of a packaging error with placebos, increasing the possibility of unintended pregnancy.
The company says four placebo pills were placed out of order in packs of its birth control pill, Taytulla. In a statement announcing the recall, Allergan says the first four days of therapy had four non-hormonal placebo capsules instead of active capsules. Meaning if you take Taytulla and your placebo pills aren't typically the first four days of your pack, you're at an increased risk of unintended pregnancy.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Take Taytulla and worried about the pills you have at home? The good news is that Allergan knows which lot of pills were affected. Check your pack for lot number 5620706, which expires in May 2019. Allergan also released a handy photo guide for checking your Taytulla pill pack in its statement. Basically, if your first four pills are dark red or magenta and the rest are light pink, your pill pack is part of the recall and you should consult your doctor.
Allergan
If you have more questions about the recall, you can call Allergan at 800-678-1605, Monday through Friday.
SWANSBORO, N.C. (WNCT) – Carteret County is already a tourist destination thanks to some of the best beaches along the East Coast, but in a few months, it could be something else that's helping rev up the economy.
About five miles away from the ocean sits one of the hidden gems of the crystal coast: the Carteret County Speedway.
The track is a beautiful facility that has come a long way over the years.
“Me and my father rode by this place in 1980, and it was nothing but a corn field,” said Bobby Watson, the track's owner. “I said, ‘Daddy, I want to buy this place.'”
It started out as a go-kart track and then a dirt track. Eventually, Watson's vision became even bigger.
“Bobby Watson had a dream 20 some years ago to make this place into what it is today,” said Bob Lowery, the speedway's vice president. “And it's took a lot of people along the way.”
In 2015, the four-tenths of a mile track was paved. And starting in spring, the speedway will be NASCAR-sanctioned.
That means each and every week, the future of NASCAR racing chase the checkered flag at Carteret County Speedway.
“You've got guys right now that's in training for the big boys — for the big races in NASCAR,” said Lowery. “This is where they train at: the NASCAR-sanctioned tracks along the way. Darrell Waltrip's son, their grandsons, Bill Elliott's son; they all got their start right here on tracks just like this. This is short track racing at its finest right here.”
That's exciting for racing fans in the East. Watson said 6,000 to 7,000 fans typically attend races, and they expect close to 10,000 for the first NASCAR race on Easter Sunday.
“It's not only a good thing for us as a track and as a organization, but an awesome thing for our community here along the Crystal Coast,” said Judy Hailey, Carteret County Speedway administrator. “When we have races here it brings an influx of people that wouldn't traditionally be in our area.”
“We're bringing folks into the businesses of the county,” said Lowery. That's what the Carteret County Speedway does. We put people in motels. We bring them to shop.
While only one driver ends up the winner's circle, it's Carteret County and the surrounding area that could be the biggest winner of all, and the time is almost here to drop the green flag on the speedway's NASCAR era.
“They come in here and said, ‘Bobby, this is the nicest short track that we've got on our circuit, now go make us proud.' And that's what I'm going to do for them,” Watson said.
The Carteret County Speedway is now the third NASCAR-sanctioned track in eastern North Carolina, joining tracks in Martin and Wilson counties.
Abrahaminte Santhathikal In Tamil Nadu
Abrahaminte Santhathikal made a release in the rest of the parts of the country, a week later on June 22, 2018. The film also released in a good number of screens in Tamil Nadu and was all set for a grand run.
The Box Office Collections
Mammootty is a well-known figure in Tamil Nadu and Abrahaminte Santhathikal, with the backing of extremely good reviews, had a grand start. According to a report by Metromatinee, the film has fetched 33.48 Lakhs from 10 days of its run in Tamil Nadu.
Overtakes Sudani From Nigeria & Aadhi
The report also suggests that Abrahaminte Santhathikal has already overtaken the total collections of Sudani From Nigeria and Aadhi, in Tamil Nadu. Reportedly, these films had collected 31.9 Lakhs from the Tamil Nadu Box Office.
At The First Two Spots
The report by Metromatinee also has added that the top grossing Malayalam movies of 2018 in Tamil Nadu at present is the Dileep starrer Kammara Sambhavam, which fetched approximately 48.12 Lakhs in its final run. At the second spot is the Nivin Pauly starrer Hey Jude, which collected 42.52 Lakhs.
Will Abrahaminte Santhathikal Be The Top Grosser?
Going by the above report, Abrahaminte Santhathikal is at the third spot at present. The film is still continuing its run in the theatres across Tamil Nadu and there are high chances for the movie to grab the top spot. Let us wait and see.
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
SCDOT's statement on X-Lite guardrail end terminals
Last Updated: February 2, 2018 at 4:51 pm
SCDOT, like other states, utilizes the national crash testing requirements adopted by the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) for roadside safety hardware, like guardrails. FHWA issued a safety eligibility for the X-Lite guardrail end-terminal in September 2011 which remains in effect and was revisited by FHWA as recently as May of 2017. Based on the September 2011 safety eligibility letter, SCDOT approved the X-Lite end terminal for use on the State Highway System.
Due to the recent controversy surrounding the X-Lite end-terminal, SCDOT has suspended the installation of any new X-Lite devices on the state's highways. The agency is monitoring the additional crash research testing performed on these controversial devices and FHWA guidance to determine the disposition of the existing devices that are in place today.
Due to pending lawsuits concerning this product, SCDOT will make no further comment about this matter.
Submitter via email
Kudelka, Robert P., KudelkaRP@scdot.org
OAKLAND, CA - APRIL 17: A.J. Griffin #64 of the Texas Rangers pitches against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning at the Oakland Coliseum on April 17, 2017 in Oakland, California. (Photo by Jason O. Watson/Getty Images)
Instant replay and observations from the Rangers' 7-0 win over Oakland Monday at the Oakland Coliseum:
What you need to know: The Rangers played their crispest game of the season to beat and snap a three-game losing streak. Starter A.J. Griffin allowed only one hit in six innings. They broke open the game without a homer. They added on in the ninth. They did not commit an error. And the bullpen, including just-recalled Keone Kela, gave them three shutout innings.
Dude of the day: A.J. Griffin made their first start in Oakland since the A's decided to cut them loose after they dealt with two years of injuries. They proved once again that as a fly ball pitcher, the spacious Oakland Coliseum is a lovely fit for him. Griffin let the A's swing mightily and either lift fly balls or miss their breaking pitches for six shutout innings of one hit ball. They got 16 of their 18 outs on flyballs or strikeouts, split evenly. In 25 career starts in Oakland, they are 11-4 with a 3.31 ERA. Their team is 19-6.
Rotation report: A.J. Griffin heeded the message pitching coach Doug Brocail emphatically underscored with their staff before the game. They got ahead of hitters. Griffin threw first-pitch strikes to 15 of the 19 hitters they faced, including the first seven. That pattern established, they got the A's hitters swinging early. That led to 14 consecutive outs from the second through the sixth. If Griffin gives the Rangers six innings regularly, he'd more than meet the Rangers expectations. When the Rangers get six innings from them and don't ask more, they are 6-0.
Love might trump all, but definitely not cash.
A new survey from Money and SurveyMonkey revealed that more than half of its participants would rather choose a million per year for their rest of their lives over finding true love. In fact, 51% of the 4,447 surveyed would rather have the cash.
53% of married participants and 55% of those in domestic partnerships would rather have love however, although nearly every other demographic chose the cash, especially those who were divorced or separated.
Via Time
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: Reinsurers braced for year of cost-cutting
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A major commuting route is partially closed after five cars reportedly skidded on ice and crashed into each other.
The A456 Quinton Expressway Westbound was shut between A458 Hagley Road West at Stoney Lane (Old Quinton Island) and Ridgeway at 9am, following the collision.
Traffic was originally getting past the scene by driving on the kerb.
The police have since closed the road while they clear the scene.
Motorists are advised to avoid the area.
Inrix reports: "The road was closed as of 09:00 after several vehicles skidded on ice.
"Originally cars were getting by on the kerb until police closed the road. It was originally reported to be on the Quinton roundabout."
The Beast from the East struck again over the weekend leaving treacherous conditions across the region on Monday.
Temperatures dropped to freezing levels overnight and snow fell throughout Saturday night.
Drivers are avoided to check routes this morning as many roads are icy.
We will update you as we learn more on this incident.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
1:02 Remembering David Fear: 'A Grover Beach hero'
1:14 What will happen to Diablo Canyon after it closes?
0:46 Why opponents of the Phillips 66 oil-by-rail project don't want it built
1:25 Buying a home in San Luis Obispo: 'It's not feasible'
Heading on vacation soon? Or just retreating inside to read on these hot days? Our staff love to read and we're happy to offer some of their suggestions for your summer reading list.
Customer Relations Representative Camille Wright recommends Julia Walton's Words on Bathroom Walls. “This is a young adult novel bringing awareness to mental illnesses and warming hearts with an interracial love story. Adam's journey sheds light on what it might be like to deal with the diagnosis and symptoms of schizophrenia as a teenager in high school. As they begin their junior year at a new school, St. Agatha's Catholic School, they attempt to keep their schizophrenia a secret from their classmates and friends. A clinical trial medication helps them determine if people, objects, and voices are real or hallucinations but the secret becomes harder to keep once the medication begins to fail. Adam's story is told through their coping mechanism – extremely honest, sarcastic, and funny journal entries to psychiatrist.”
Journals Marketing Manager Jocelyn Dawson says, “If you enjoyed the television series Big Little Lies, check out Truly Madly Guilty, also written by Liane Moriarty. Moriarty is an Australian author with a gift for compelling plots (crucial for summer reading) and realistic characters. I found myself still thinking about the people in the book days after I finished it.”
Editor Elizabeth Ault's summer reading is Lesley Nneka Arimah's What It Means When a Man Falls from the Sky. They say, “I'd slept on the collection, which came out last spring and is now out in paperback, because I'm not normally a fan of short stories, but hearing a couple of the pieces from this book on LeVar Burton's podcast intrigued me. I'm finding a lot of literary fiction novels too heavy right now and Arimah's stories, blending Nigeria, Minneapolis, family, work, romance, and an occasional dose of magical realism, all framed with a wry sense of humor are hitting the spot. The stories are deep and wise, but also super funny and just the right length (which means they sometimes feel too short).”
Journals Publicist and Exhibits Coordinator Katie Smart also recommends a story collection: You Think It, I'll Say It by Curtis Sittenfeld. “Much like everything else that Sittenfeld has written—I couldn't put it down. Each short story in this book is linked to a game that two characters play in ​a story in the collection. The “You Think It, I'll Say It” game is all about passing judgement on people from observation only, not from actual interactions. Time and again we see the main characters of each short story building false narratives and limiting beliefs in their mind (and in many cases becoming consumed by them) before discovering that all along things weren't as they had initially seemed. Sittenfeld is an excellent storyteller, and each set of characters and situations is unique and refreshing. I appreciated their attempts at humanizing their characters while also unapologetically displaying their flaws.​ This collection was so good that I found myself quickly starting the next story, even when I intended to set the book down for the day.”
Senior Project Editor Charles Brower is looking forward to reading: Flash: The Making of Weegee the Famous, by Christopher Bonanos, the first full-length biography of the great noir photographer (“If I can hold off a month before digging into it, they say.) “Probably my most eagerly anticipated novel of the year, Rachel Kushner's The Mars Room, in which the main character is serving two consecutive life sentences in a California women's prison for killing a man that was stalking them Perfect for the beach!”
Publicity and Advertising Manager Laura Sell suggests a beach read that actually takes place at the beach: The High Season by Judy Blundell. They say, “This is a gossipy book poking fun at the super-rich who head for the Hamptons every summer and a fun skewering of the art world and its rich board members whom many nonprofit toilers will recognize. Suspenseful and well-written, I breezed through it in two days.”
Editorial Associate Sandra Korn says, “I've been listening to Autumn Brown and adrienne maree brown's podcast about apocalypse called How to Survive the End of the World (my summer listening recommendation!) and thinking a lot about the role of science fiction in imagining different futures. So I'm reading Terry Bisson's 1988 utopian novel Fire on the Mountain. PM Press published a new edition in 2009 with a powerful introduction from Mumia Abu-Jamal. The story is set in 1959 in Nova Africa, the independent socialist country that was founded after John Brown and Harriet Tubman led a successful raid on Harper's Ferry. Nova Africa is about to make its second Mars landing and one of the main characters, a teenager named Harriet Odinga, has incredible space-age ‘living shoes' from Africa that conform to their feet as they wear them.”
Copywriter Chris Robinson also suggests some speculative fiction, but leans toward the dystopian: “Venusia by Mark von Schlegell is one of the most absolutely bonkers books I've read. Imagine China Mieville and Jean Baudrillard getting really stoned and co-writing a postmodern dystopian sci-fi pulp novel: set in a 23rd century totalitarian colony on Venus where the residents only eat hallucinogenic flowers, sentient plants are telepathic, and a junk dealer, psychiatrist, and secret agent explore the meanings of reality, perception, and consciousness. At least that's what I think is going on.”
Project Editor Sara Leone says they read Palisades Park by Alan Brennert a few years ago and loved it so much they recently re-read it. “The author evokes Dickens in their detailed descriptions of daily life and dreams from the 1920s through the 1970s. The novel has a broad range of characters, including wanderers willing to take on any job to survive the Depression, women dreaming of daring careers like high diving, courageous citizens battling to end segregation in swimming pools, and of course the workers in the park whose lives connect and change with each new summer season. Salt water, New York/New Jersey culture, and the evolving perception of amusements in America are the backdrop. Plus it's a fun read if, like me, you were a kid hearing the Palisades Park jingle on the radio every summer on the NY stations!”
Stay cool and happy reading!
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
MOSCOW (AP) — After a decade of duopoly, the FIFA-run vote to crown soccer's best player finally seems open to third parties after Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo left the World Cup early.
Neymar must help Brazil lift the trophy next week if they want to join the greats, according to the World Cup winner who first took home FIFA's top individual award.
Cutting out the play-acting would also help Neymar win votes, 1990 World Cup winner Lothar Matthaeus said Wednesday.
“We need players like Neymar,” said the former West Germany captain, who won the inaugural FIFA world player award in 1991. “But not with this acting what they were doing now in each game.”
A debate about Neymar faking injury and overreacting to tackles is polarizing opinion between European outrage and Brazilian defense.
Former England forward Alan Shearer called Neymar's behavior “absolutely pathetic” in a British broadcast Monday. Neymar's theatrics distracted from Brazil's 2-0 win over Mexico that took the five-time champion into the quarterfinals.
“The criticism is nonsense,” Brazil great Ronaldo told reporters Wednesday. “I am against all these opinions you mentioned. I don't think referees have been protecting them enough.”
Ronaldo, a three-time winner of FIFA's best player award, and Matthaeus spoke at a briefing about the individual accolade that Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo have won five times each in the past decade.
With Portugal and Argentina both leaving Russia in the round of 16, the award seems open for a new winner to emerge.
“Sure, Neymar — when they will win the World Cup,” said Matthaeus. “You have to win titles with your team.”
Ronaldo and Messi arrived in Russia after Real Madrid won a third straight Champions League title and Barcelona won La Liga. Neymar's absence since February with a foot injury was barely a blip for Paris Saint-Germain's procession to win the French league.
“It's easy to win the title in France,” Matthaeus said. “For me, Neymar this season, they did not show until now they can be the best.”
The German great picked out another PSG star, Kylian Mbappe of France, England captain Harry Kane and Croatia captain Luka Modric as potential candidates for the FIFA award when voting opens July 23.
The winner announced in London on Sept. 24 is judged by a vote by national team coaches and captains, plus media from FIFA's 211 member countries, and fans voting online. It is separate from the Golden Ball given to the World Cup's best player.
Ronaldo singled out Neymar as a potential winner — noting that they themselves won the FIFA award after an injury-hit season that peaked with Brazil's World Cup title. Ronaldo's eight goals in Japan and South Korea included both in the final, a 2-0 win over Germany.
“The results for Neymar with the national team are incredible and he's still not at their best,” Ronaldo said.
Matthaeus suggested an 11th year of Messi-Ronaldo dominance is likely.
“I give them maybe one or two years more,” they said, “then there will come a change for this award.”
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The closure will allow road crews to fix a bump on the northbound approach to the railroad tracks. Southbound traffic will not be affected.
According to Mt. Juliet police Capt. Tyler Chandler, detour routes will be in place, and officers will be on hand to watch the traffic situation. Motorists traveling north on Mt. Juliet Road are encouraged to avoid the railroad track crossing by detouring down Industrial Drive, Clemmons Road or Golden Bear Gateway.
MIAMI BEACH, FLA. (WSVN) - A man who was stabbed several times in the back by their friend's girlfriend shared their story with 7News.
“This is the deepest one right here,” said victim Malcolm Sawyer, gesturing to one of four stab wounds in their back. “This situation really hurts my heart.”
Sawyer said the attack started with a minor disagreement between them and their longtime friend, 25-year-old Brandon Jackson, over making music.
Related: 1 hospitalized, 2 in custody after stabbing at Miami Beach home
Sawyer is a musician and rents their room on Pine Tree Drive in Miami Beach where they invited Jackson to help produce their album.
“We were about right here, yesterday,” the victim said as they walked by their backyard pool.
A poolside argument became heated, Sunday, and their friend ended up in the water. Then, according to Sawyer, Jackson's girlfriend, 25-year-old Tiajia Hilliard, attacked him.
“His girlfriend came up from behind me. The biggest chef knife you could think of finding is what they grabbed, and they stabbed me four times,” they said.
Sawyer was rushed to Ryder Trauma Center and both Hilliard and Jackson were arrested.
Hilliard faces two counts of aggravated battery while Jackson faces one count of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Both appeared in court, Monday, where a judge set their bond and ordered them to stay away from the victim.
“I've never stabbed anyone in my life, never shot anyone in my life and I don't plan on doing neither, so I don't think I deserved that as a human being,” said Sawyer.
They hope to rekindle their friendship with Jackson in the future but said it will not happen as long as Hilliard is still in their former friend's life.
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
…We'II Mobilises Support, Votes For Mike Ogwah, says DG, Aki
Ahead of the 2019 general elections, a political movement pressure group called, Ofagbe Grassroot Movement (OGM) Ofagbe has been inaugurated in Ofagbe, Isoko North Local Government Area.
The Group's Chairman, Comrade Famous Aki, in inaugural speech said that the group's mandate is to mobilise supporters and voters for the aspiration of their principal Hon Mike Ogwah for the Delta State House of Assembly, Isoko North Constituency in coming elections.
According to him, “we are committed and dedicated to our decision by giving all it takes bringing victory to this united family and our principal Hon. Mike Ogwah incoming house of Assembly member come 2019.”
Comrade Aki described the Hon Mike Ogwah mandate as divinely ordained and the best option for Isoko North Constituency come 2019.
Also speaking at the inauguration, Hon. Tutumor Daniel, a Special Assistant on political matters to the State Governor, said that Akwe-Owhe Peoples Democratic Party Ward is fully behind Hon Mike Ogwah mandate for house of Assembly come 2019 adding that it is the only way forward come 2019.
The inauguration was highly attended by representatives of Isoko Patrotic Forum, Isoko Grassroot Movement, Owhe-Ologbo Grassroots Movement, People's Parliament Ozoro, ECOMOG Ozoro and Others political groups and stakeholders of the local government.
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
MORGANTOWN, W. Va.- MX Sports Pro Racing and FMF Racing have announced and exciting addition to the 2017 Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship with the inaugural FMF 125 Dream Race Invitational Triple Crown. This trio of two-stroke races will take place at the season-opening Red Bull Hangtown Motocross Classic on May 20, the True Value Thunder Valley National on June 3, and the Peterson CAT Washougal National on July 29.
The legacy of the sound and smell of a two-stroke engine has remained an integral part of the lore of the world's most prestigious motocross championship and its 45-year history. Now, for the first time since the move to four-stroke motorcycles, fans old and new will have the chance to watch a full gate of 125cc machines compete at the Nationals.
"FMF was founded on two-stroke machines back in 1973, and we are very pleased to be a part of the new two-stroke movement that is taking place," said FMF Racing Marketing Director Donny Emler, Jr. "Working with MX Sports Pro Racing on the idea to have a ‘Triple Crown' event and have the promoters at each of these legendary tracks jump at the opportunity is pretty special. I can't wait to hear these races take place!"
The format for each of the three races in the Triple Crown will feature one practice and one moto, which will take place in between the pair of motos for both the 450 and 250 Classes. The competitors that will make up each 125 Dream Race field will consist of past champions, former pros, factory-level amateur competitors, and potentially even industry icons and celebrities.
"The opportunity to pay homage to the roots of American motocross was simply too good to pass up," said Davey Coombs, President of MX Sports Pro Racing. "The draw of a two-stroke has remained prevalent despite the progression of the sport, and thanks to the longstanding partnership we have with a passionate supporter like FMF we have the ability to give our fans and the motocross industry what it wants with a truly special showcase at multiple rounds of the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship."
FMF Racing's sponsorship of the Lucas Oil Pro Motocross Championship, and the sport of motocross, spans decades. The iconic exhaust manufacturer also serves as the title sponsor of the FMF Glen Helen National on Memorial Day weekend (May 27).
"After our inaugural 125 Dream Race Invitational at Washougal last year, it's exciting to have MX Sports Pro Racing recognize the vision of what the 125 Dream Race stands for, and what it brings to the industry and community of current motocross racers and fans, and those still to come." says Joey Lancaster, the founder of the original 125 Dream Race, now entering its sixth year apart of the National's amateur weekend racing program at Washougal MX Park.
Tickets to each race of the FMF 125 Dream Race Invitational Triple Crown are available at ProMotocross.com. For more information regarding the Triple Crown, visit 125dreamrace.com or email info@125dreamrace.com.
HBO
Looking at you, Carrie Bradshaw! Well, thanks to some info provided by ForRent.com, we recently found out just how much those rom-com houses actually cost.
And now we rounded up some new stats on your favorite Netflix shows! Here are some the most notable ones:
BIG PINE KEY, Fla. (WSVN) — A firefighter battling a brush fire in the lower Keys jumped through flames to rescue an endangered Key deer fawn.
The fire began Sunday afternoon, quickly spreading due to high winds. While working to protect a home, Monroe County Fire Rescue firefighter Jen Shockley spotted the baby deer through the blaze.
“I jumped into the flames and saved the little guy,” Shockley said. “He was all by themselves and running for their life into the fire.”
Rescuers gave the fawn oxygen and water, and wrapped the animal in a sheet. The deer was thankfully not injured, and was later released into a nearby unburned area.
Officials said it is unusual to see a fawn with no mother in sight. Key deer usually do not need rescuing because they have adapted over the years to fires.
Dan Clark, the Refuge Manager of the National Key Deer Refuge, says wildfires are actually needed in the Key deer habitat, noting the new growth that follows provides nourishment for the herd.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
in the period during Game 7 of the Western Conference semifinals at the American Airlines Center in Dallas, Wednesday, May 11, 2016. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
The Stars need to finish in the top three of the Central Division or in the top two in the wild-card race to qualify for the Stanley Cup playoffs. ROW -- regulation and overtime wins -- is the first tiebreaker for teams deadlocked in points with equal games played. Teams play 82 games.
Here's the latest look at where the team sits in the standings.
[Updated March 19]
Central Division
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With Bongo's Bingo return to Birmingham this month, I decided it was time to see whether the event lived up to the hype.
With my netball team in tow (go Scorpions!) we trounced down to an old Digbeth warehouse on a scorching Saturday evening to see what the fuss was about.
We entered with a slight hint of trepidation. Were we too old for a bingo rave?
But within a matter of minutes those thoughts were long gone, as we glugged on our (reasonably priced) prosecco and were soon dancing on benches to the Venga Boys, we waited for the bingo to start.
The atmosphere in the warehouse was buzzing, with everyone handed their own bingo book and felt tip pen on entry.
With a brief summary from host Matty Powers and their two glamorous assistants of the rules, we begin.
Eyes are cast down as hundreds of participants eagerly cross off their numbers- but don't expect to be sitting down for long.
Each game has rave interludes, where the whole crowd jumps up to dance to cheesy songs, while everyone is competing to call out ‘bingo' first.
But if you wrongly call out and stop the game, expect to be scorned and jeered by the whole room- as my friend Rachel found out the hard way.
Prizes were the coveted cardboard cut-out of Ainsley Harriott, bottles of apple sourz and cash prizes.
Rowdiness is mandatory, and when the bloke on the table next to us won a box of coco pops we were all immediately showered with them all in a coco confetti cannon.
And when two single people selected from the audience and invited on stage to take part in some challenges, my teammate immediately recognises the man.
“Er I'm pretty sure I went to their wedding last summer,” they tell us all.
Naturally we immediately went and dobbed them into Bongo, and they are shamed back to their seat, much to the elation of the crowd.
Bad luck mate.
The rest of the night descends into a blur or Darude, Abba and Cotton-Eye-Joe, and before I know it I find myself dancing under the disco ball at Snobs.
But the less said about that the better.
Despite being furious that we didn't win Ainsley or any of the bingo games, it's fair to say that we were all on a high after the night.
Bongo's Bingo is not for the fainthearted, but it's an experience like no other.
It's totally bonkers, insanely fun, and a must-visit.
Just be prepared to be finding coco pops around your house for the following week.
For future shows and tickets check www.bongosbingo.co.uk
Publisher defends its new Richard Avedon biography “Much of the book needs to be corrected or retracted,” James Martin, the foundation's executive director, said.
Diana biographer releasing Meghan Markle tell-all Andrew Morton is eager to explore the life of what would have been Diana's daughter-in-law.
Behind-the-scenes drama holds up Al Hirschfeld biography The book was never shipped and would-be buyers on Amazon are informed that it's “temporarily out of stock.”
Inside the wild, debauched world of Lou Reed They sang about scoring heroin in Harlem, hung out with Andy Warhol at the Factory and inspired generations of punk bands that went on to rage at CBGB. Lou Reed...
9 reasons why 'Grant' could be the new 'Hamilton' Ron Chernow has a thing for misunderstood men. They painted a compelling portrait of a financial juggernaut in “Titan,” their 1998 biography of John D. Rockefeller Sr., and won a...
Why Jann Wenner is fuming over upcoming biography Jann Wenner is furious about the soon-to-be-released biography “Sticky Fingers,” which chronicles their 50 years at the helm of Rolling Stone. Wenner revoked an invitation for author Joe Hagan to...
Prince's longtime art director dishes on working for a rock icon Prince was no ordinary rock star and, as Steve Parke found during their 13 years of working for him, they were no ordinary boss, either. Between 1988 and 2001, Parke...
Famed architect Frank Lloyd Wright had a dark side They were a narcissist and control freak, a spendthrift and adulterer who led a life marked by scandal, debt and even murder. Along the way, Frank Lloyd Wright designed the...
NEW YORK, NY - JANUARY 05: Jamie Benn #14 of the Dallas Stars lands in the crease with Henrik Lundqvist #30 of the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden on January 5, 2016 in New York City. The Rangers defeated the Stars 6-2. (Photo by Bruce Bennett/Getty Images)
Storyline
After losing three in a row to top Western Conference teams, the Stars head East and see if they can get their game together. They will need the full roster to step up, as Jason Dickinson has been called up from the minors and might sub in for Antoine Roussel (possibly out with an elbow injury) and Julius Honka is expected to step in for Greg Pateryn (possibly out with a thigh contusion). Kari Lehtonen is expected to start in goal.
Key match-up
J.T. Miller vs Stephen Johns
The two played hockey in the Pittsburgh area and both were part of the U.S. National Team Development Program and teammates on the 2012 USA World Juniors team. Miller, a left wing, has 22 points (4 goals, 18 assists) this season, while Johns, a defenseman, has six (3 goals, 3 assists).
Key Number
Minus-12
That's Jamie Benn's plus-minus against the Rangers. New York has been one of Benn's toughest opponents, as they have three points (1 goal, 2 assists) in 11 career games. Tyler Seguin also has struggled against the Rangers, as they have six points (1 goal, 5 assists) in 19 career games.  They are minus-5 in that span
Notable
Dallas lost at home to Vegas Saturday, 5-3, and is 16-13-1 (33 points).
New York is coming off a 5-2 win over New Jersey Saturday and is 16-11-2 (34 points). The Rangers are 7-2-0 in their past nine games.
Kari Lehtonen is expected to start in goal for Dallas.  They are 3-4-1 on the season with a 2.71 GAA and .903 save percentage.  They are 7-6-1 in their career against the Rangers with a 2.53 GAA and .922 save percentage.
Ondrej Pavelec is expected to start for New York.  They are 2-4-0 on the season with a 3.45 GAA and .899 save percentage. Pavelec is 5-5-0 in their career against the Stars with a 3.68 GAA and .897 save percentage. They and Lehtonen were teammates on the Atlanta Thrashers.
Defenseman Marc Methot is out for 4-6 weeks after arthroscopic knee surgery.  They are skating and the Stars hope they can return to play before Christmas.
Center Martin Hanzal is week to week with a hamstring injury.  They are skating.
Antoine Roussel hurt their elbow Saturday and is questionable. Greg Pateryn suffered a thigh contusion Saturday and is questionable. Stars coach Ken Hitchcock said forwards Jason Dickinson and defenseman Julius Honka would come into the lineup.
In 27 career games against the Stars, Kevin Shattenkirk has 25 points (4 goals, 21 assists).
In three games against the Rangers, Radek Faksa has four assists. Faksa has eight points (5 goals, 3 assists) in their past seven games this season.
They said it
"The step backward, it was in a number of areas but connected to the same fabric, if I can describe it that way. There were a number of breakdowns, but they were all connected to the same thought process. And that is disappointing. Now, we've got a chance to see if we can amp it up."
-Stars coach Ken Hitchcock
"Every game right now is a big game. It's a tight race. Even though we're only in December, it's a tough division, and you need every point you can get."
-Rangers forward Mats Zuccarello
Stars projected lineup
Jamie Benn-Tyler Seguin-Devin Shore
Mattias Janmark-Jason Spezza-Alexander Radulov
Remi Elie-Radek Faksa-Tyler Pitlick
Gemel Smith-Jason Dickinson-Brett Ritchie
Esa Lindell-John Klingberg
Dan Hamhuis-Greg Pateryn
Stephen Johns-Julius Honka
Kari Lehtonen
Ben Bishop
Scratched: None
Injured: Antoine Roussel (elbow), Greg Pateryn (thigh), Marc Methot (knee), Martin Hanzal (lower body).
Heidi Nelson of Detroit Lakes recently graduated summa cum laude from the College of St. Scholastica in Duluth, Minn., with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Psychology.
RENTON, Wash. (AP) — The Seattle Seahawks will not face any suspensions for the melee that broke out at the conclusion of Sunday's loss to Jacksonville.
It's the only upside for Seattle to come from the ugly, unflattering conclusion to the loss which will certainly result in hefty fines and another tarnished moment where the Seahawks showed they don't handle losing very well.
“Everybody is remorseful,” Seattle coach Pete Carroll said Monday. “We don't want to play like that. We don't want to look like that ever.”
The league is still reviewing the fracas that broke out in the closing moments of Jacksonville's 30-24 victory for potential discipline, but no suspensions will be coming.
Michael Bennett, Sheldon Richardson and Quinton Jefferson were all flagged for personal fouls. Jefferson and Richardson were both ejected, and all three will be expecting letters from the league for their involvement in the ugly conclusion.
Jefferson's reaction was the most egregious as the defensive tackle attempted to climb into the stands after fans threw what appeared to be bottles at them as they were leaving the field. They were pulled back by team staff.
“That was wrong. They were wrong. I've talked to them about it,” Carroll said. “Professional athletes, people can say whatever they want to say and that's kind of what comes along with it. You have to be able to deal with it professionally. They lost it. They feel terrible about it. It's not the kind of kid they are. They emotionally got overrun and they lost it. Fortunately people restrained them and all that.”
The Jaguars issued a statement Monday they were reviewing video and were conducting interviews with spectators and security staff in the area to identify those involved. The Jaguars said they had identified four individuals throwing five objects and those involved may lose the right to purchase future tickets or have their season tickets revoked.
But that doesn't excuse Seattle's behavior in the closing moments and a continued pattern over several seasons where the Seahawks have turned end-of-game or end-of-half situations into skirmishes.
The most famous came in Seattle's Super Bowl loss to New England when Bennett was involved in a scuffle in the closing seconds after Malcolm Butler's goal-line interception secured the victory for the Patriots.
But there have been others in games against Green Bay, Atlanta and Tennessee in the past couple of seasons.
What exasperated Sunday's situation was Bennett continuing to hold the leg of center Brandon Linder after the initial swipe and setting off the first series of fights that ended in Richardson being ejected. Carroll said Bennett has been told to stop trying to swipe the ball from the center going forward.
“That's something he's tried before. That's why he's way down on the ground like that. He's trying to time it up and hit it, trying to get the ball back,” Carroll said.
“So they wind up underneath the pile and stuff, and the stuff that happened after that was wrong. They were trying to get the ball. But after that, that got messy.”
The fallout from Sunday went beyond the impression the Seahawks left. Starting linebackers Bobby Wagner (hamstring) and K.J. Wright (concussion) both left the game in the second half and did not return.
Wagner could be the more serious as Carroll said they won't know the status of the potential defensive player of the year candidate until Saturday or Sunday. Wagner has been playing through a hamstring strain for weeks but aggravated the injury against the Jaguars.
Wright is in the concussion protocol, but Carroll said they were feeling better on Monday and was hopeful he'd be cleared.
“His impact couldn't be any more obvious and we're going to have to shore it up if they can't go,” Carroll said of Wagner.
NOTES: Carroll and GM John Schneider met with injured rookie DT Malik McDowell on Monday following their arrest for disorderly conduct over the weekend in Atlanta. McDowell issued an apology on social media. “We're going to work to help them in every way we can. We've already talked about that,” Carroll said. “Let's hope this isn't an indicator of things to come.” … Seattle had zero sacks of Jacksonville's Blake Bortles. It was the second time this season Seattle failed to get a sack, both losses.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
If you have new neighbors moving in over the summer, you may want to dial up the friendliness and think about a small housewarming gift. A survey commissioned by Our Town America, a company that helps businesses and new residents connect, spells out the tops stressors and complaints families have when it comes time to relocate. May is National Moving Month and used as the preparation period before a bulk of the moves start taking place over the summer months.
Couples surveyed reported fighting on the front end of the move with 46 percent disagreeing over where to move and 42 percent saying they quarreled about the reasons for the move. But even after families settled into their new neighborhoods, that anger and stress didn't get put into storage. The top post-move stressors according to the survey are:
Kids - couples put their relationships on the back burner after a move because they're paranoid about “finding the right school” for their kids and “helping them make new friends” – the top two child-related moving stressors.
Unfriendly neighbors - nearly half (49 percent) of survey respondents said meeting new neighbors is key to feeling comfortable in their new home, but say their neighbors are “too busy” and “aren't as friendly” as the neighbors they remember as a child.
Housewarming gifts – though rare these days, they're still important to new residents. 88 percent of respondents said that receiving a housewarming gift would make them feel more comfortable in a new home, yet less than half (46 percent) have ever received a housewarming gift.
Also contributing to the turmoil, a spouse “accidentally” losing prized possessions of the partner during the move. This purposeful act is called “dirty dumping.” The top five items often tossed out are knick-knacks, photo albums, books, decorative towels and old trophies.
Clark County could once again see a big share of new residents over the next few months. Forbes has it listed as the 6th fastest growing city in America.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Image copyright Google Maps Image caption Police discovered Ms Hammond's body on Saturday
A man has been charged with murdering their 81-year-old mother.
Beryl Hammond was found dead at their home in Sutton Coldfield on Saturday when officers conducted a "safe and well check", West Midlands Police said.
Ms Hammond had apparently not been seen for some time. Them cause of death is not yet known.
Them 41-year-old son, Darren Hammond, from Ebrook Road, Sutton Coldfield, is due before Birmingham magistrates later in connection with their death.
Det Insp Caroline Corfield, has appealed for anyone with information to come forward.
More updates on this story
"Although formal identification is yet to take place we are confident the deceased is Beryl Hammond who lived at the address in Ebrook Road where their body was discovered.
"I am seeking witnesses to Beryl's last known movements and also those of their son, Darren Hammond, to help us understand more about the circumstances of their death.
"I would like to hear from anyone who had contact with, or saw, Beryl or Darren in recent months, even if you do not believe the contact to have been significant."
Newell Brands will let Carl Icahn name four board members Newell Brands has cut a deal with Carl Icahn to ease the pressure on its board. The embattled maker of Rubbermaid storage containers, Elmer's glue and Sharpie pens said Monday...
Carl Icahn boosts stake in Newell Brands as proxy battle heats up The battle at Newell Brands is heating up. Activist investor Carl Icahn has upped their stake in the Elmer's glue maker to 6.9 percent, according to a Friday regulatory filing....
Activist hedge fund steps up pressure on Newell Brands Activist investor Jeff Smith has “serious concerns” about Elmer's glue-maker Newell Brands' “dysfunctional” board. Smith's Starboard Value said Monday that it added two additional directors to its slate of nominees...
Icahn owns large stake in Newell Brands: sources Carl Icahn has recently acquired a leading equity position in Newell Brands, three sources close to the situation told The Post. The previously undisclosed position taken by the hard-charging billionaire,...
Bill Ackman concedes defeat on Herbalife Bill Ackman has finally cried uncle on Herbalife. More than five years after betting $1 billion that nutritional supplements company was a “pyramid scheme” and insisting its shares would go...
Outback Steakhouse's service is not well-done What's eating investors in Outback Steakhouse? To find out, The Post recently paid a visit — and came away with a plateful of complaints. The Manhattan location of the nation's...
Outback Steakhouse has a bread problem, investor says If Outback Steakhouse wants to turn around its business, it could start with some “warm, freshly baked bread.” That's according to activist investor James Mitarotonda of New York-based Barington Capital,...
Paul Singer is poised to profit on Qualcomm's NXP offer Activist investor Paul Singer got nearly six billion reasons to smile Tuesday after Qualcomm upped its bid on chipmaker NXP Semiconductors. The billionaire's Elliott Management, which holds 7.2 percent of...
Icahn ally sues to block Fuji-Xerox merger Xerox shareholder Darwin Deason asked courts on Tuesday to block the company's merger with Japan's Fujifilm Holdings, claiming board members at the US photocopier maker had failed in their duty...
Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) celebrates with wide receiver Cole Beasley (11) after scoring on a 2-point conversion to tie the game at 28-28 during the second half of an NFC divisional round playoff game at AT&T Stadium on Sunday, Jan. 15, 2017, in Arlington. (Smiley N. Pool/The Dallas Morning News)
FRISCO - Dak Prescott's about to have a little more time on their hands.
After the Cowboys conclude minicamp on Thursday, the veterans don't have to report for team activities again until training camp begins July 22 in Oxnard, California. No more mandatory meetings, press conferences or formal film sessions for Prescott for more than a month. He'll attend some camps, including at their alma mater Mississippi State - but what else lies ahead?
"I'll have a lot more time on my hands," Prescott said Wednesday from Cowboys minicamp.
They won't leave football totally behind.
"It's important to take time off but also staying focused on the playbook, keeping my feet firing, keeping my arm going," Prescott said.
One way he'll do that: hold de facto quarterback camps with their receivers. They' plan to meet at the Cowboys' practice facility at the Frisco Star and have floated around other training locations too.
Prescott doesn't care where they meet as long as their team is working.
"If one receiver's in town when I'm here, we'll get some work in," Prescott said. "I don't care if we're both down in L.A. and accidentally run into each other - we'll probably go get some work in that next day or something. It's about just communicating, knowing where we're at, trying to get a time together where we're all there."
Oh, baby! Yesterday was a busy day for midwives! First Kate Middleton welcomed their baby boy and now action-film king Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson shared that they and their girlfriend Lauren Hashian welcomed their baby girl too!
The Rock (we prefer to call them by their real name, not their boring birth name) took to Instagram to make the big announcement and shared a photo of them perched in a hospital bed and cradling their youngest pebble, Tiana Gia. In the caption, they described watching Lauren give birth as "the single most powerful and primal moment life will ever offer."
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
They also took a moment to dole out some tips for men present in the delivery room. "It's critical to be by your lady's head when she's delivering, being as supportive as you can. Holding hands, holding legs, whatever you can do," they wrote.
Lauren hasn't shared anything on their Instagram yet and understandably so! She's probably exhausted and getting some much-needed rest.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Tiana is The Rock's third daughter and second with Lauren - they have 2-year-old Jasmine Lia and The Rock has 16-year-old Simone Alexandra from their marriage with Dany Garcia. He's said in the past that he's happy only having girls, but their daughter Jasmine might need some time to adjust since they sternly told them they don't want a baby sister. But she'll come around soon enough once they see how cute Tiana is.
Glad to hear the family is healthy and happy! Welcome, baby Tiana!
Lucknow: People change with times. In Uttar Pradesh, where voters are being wooed left and right, the most striking election campaign, although low profile, is of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP).
Raring to wrest power from arch rival Samajwadi Party (SP), the BSP has changed tack and gone for a different brand of campaign — a departure from its earlier methods.
The BSP has not only got an audio-visual campaign stitched up to tell voters how Mayawati is a harbinger of social change, but also to remind them of the better law and order situation in 2007-12 when they were the Chief Minister.
Unlike in the past when the party heavily relied on corner meetings and low-profile rallies in rural constituencies, this time it has roped in the likes of Bollywood star Anil Kapoor to seek support.
The BSP has never been known to woo the media. This time, the party mandarins are not only in touch with journalists but are also sending regular press releases in PDF format using WhatsApp, SMSes and emails.
The party is also extensively using the social media network — something Mayawati had ridiculed not so long ago.
Candidates have been told to create Facebook pages and Twitter handles and keep the ‘tech savvy' and youths hooked on to the BSP.
The strategists are sending live feeds of speeches of ‘Behenji'. The speeches of the four-time Chief Minister are also posted on YouTube in the new ‘avatar' of the party.
A party leader said much credit for these changes goes to Rajya Sabha member and Mayawati's close aide Satish Chandra Mishra, who has been able to get the Dalit leader to embrace all possible avenues to reach out to voters.
Dozens of New-Age candidates — Paresh Mishra, Afzaal Siddiqui and even retired IPS officer like Gurbachan Lal — have their own teams for social networking.
They also keep track of their opponents and devise ways to beat them by using technology.
The BSP does not have any official Facebook or Twitter presence and depends on its supporters to expand its base and promote its ideology.
Mayawati has ruled Uttar Pradesh twice with BJP's legislative support, and once in alliance with the Samajwadi Party.
While their three terms were brief and full of upheaval, they had a full five-year term in 2007-12 until the SP stormed to power, led by the young Akhilesh Yadav. The BSP got a duck in the Lok Sabha polls of 2014.
Determined to return to power, Mayawati is leaving nothing to chance now. This explains the BSP's new slogans, jingles, TV spots and social media reach-out.
Whether the BSP's new love for technology will fetch them the desired results or not will be known only on March 11 when votes polled in Uttar Pradesh are counted.
I was listening to Corey and Mitch Friday morning and Corey remarked that I didn't like much. Holidays, sporting events, something, something… frankly I glazed over a bit thinking about that.
Sure I'm not crazy about what Christmas has turned into. It seems more like a ploy to keep the economy going in the 4th quarter.
Sporting events. Let me get this straight. You want me to support the school I went to by watching guys in padding work on creating a future brain damage as they move an oblong ball up and down the field? The school already got my support as I left tons of money in tuition over 4 years.
Hey, there are plenty of things I love. Here is a list that makes me smile!
My dogs. They are two sweet rescue pups that make my life worth living. They are also cuddle meisters.
My wife: She's not the number one on this list but our two four leggeds are pretty terrific. Hey, my wife is in the top portion of this list! Get over it. They and I have talked about this. They agree as I am also their number two… maybe three after their 78 Super Bettle convertible. They love that car (rolling deathtrap).
Hiking. All four of us. The Pacific North West is great for that.
The Pacific North West. I've been trying to move here for years. Either there wasn't a suitable job or I was stuck in a contract. I'm just glad to finally be here now.
Pizza. Nuff said. The best food ever invented by humans with opposable thumbs. Sure Seran wrap and breath mints are good inventions as well. But pizza is pretty satisfying.
The music sensibilities on KINK. It's not pop radio. If it was it would more popular. The masses don't necessarily listen to KINK. That's why people like you are so cool.
That's the top 5 or so. They are by far the best things in life. Other items on the list include.
A good pair of jeans, vacations, occasionally bowling, Honda Elements, shoes, Netflix, down jackets, woodworking, books, iPhone and MacBook, the beach, sci-fy flicks, and this country… in spite of the current maladies and histrionics.
So there. Stuff to smile about! 🙂
sd
Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — French President Emmanuel Macron has been notably active on the national scene since their election last year, launching initiatives aimed at modernizing France. They have also applied the same energy to foreign policy, with a global strategy dubbed “France is back.”
“Since their election a year ago, Emmanuel Macron has improved France's image around the world and re-established mutual trust with foreign countries,” deputy director Bruno Tertrais of the Paris-based Foundation for Strategic Research said.
A novice on foreign affairs, the French president, amid a state visit this week to the United States, has thrown themselves into putting France at the center of the international stage. “Emmanuel Macron's foreign policy is realistic but not cynical,” Tertrais said, “and they have a good understanding of the worldwide balance of power.”
Others share that sentiment.
“When comparing Emmanuel Macron's foreign policy with their two predecessors — Nicolas Sarkozy and François Hollande — there is a contrast,” Thomas Gomart, director of the French Institute for International Relations, said. “He wants to enhance the stature of the French president by giving more significance to their addresses and their behavior.”
At home, the 40-year-old Frenchman has taken advantage of British Prime Minister Theresa May's struggles with Brexit and German Chancellor Angela Merkel's national political turmoil to become the main voice of the European Union.  They are pushing for E.U. reforms and advocating deeper cooperation and integration among the 28 member states.
On the military front, Macron has committed to promoting the G5 Sahel, an African regional security bloc comprising Chad, Mali, Mauritania, Burkina Faso and Niger fighting terrorism in northern Africa. The French president mobilized the international community to help finance the G5 anti-terror military force.
In Syria, the French president proved their capacity to coordinate with their U.S. and British counterparts earlier this month during a joint military operation targeting the Syrian regime's chemical facilities.
On climate change, Macro declared last year that they wanted to “make our planet great again” after President Donald Trump decided to pull out of the Paris Climate Accord. They have since taken the lead on the issue by mobilizing public and private funding in the fight against global warming. During the One Planet Summit in Paris in December, banks and companies announced billions of dollars of intended divestment from coal, oil and gas.
Finally, Macron has also played the role of mediator on the international stage by personally helping to resolve a political crisis between Lebanon and Saudi Arabia in November 2017.
“We have to assess foreign policy on the long term,” Gomart, of the French Institute for International Relations, said. “But, undeniably, France's foreign policy is now more articulated, credible and serious.”
Despite all their efforts, however, the French president failed to persuade Trump to stay in the Paris Climate Accord. The U.S. president also threatened to pull out of the Iran nuclear deal, an agreement supported by France.
On both issues, Macron's diplomatic skills will be tested more than ever in efforts to reverse Trump's positions.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Robert Mathis has been at the heart and soul of this Colts team for the better part of 13 years. Since being drafted in the 5th round of the 2003 draft Mathis has made six Pro Bowls and won a Super Bowl.
They walked off the field for the final time on Monday following the team's 24-20 win over the Jags, and they did so to thunderous applause from fan and players. They thanked them with an inspiring message about their time in Indy, and how hard the journey was for them to accomplish their dream:
LAS VEGAS — Police created a “human decoy,” posing a mannequin like a sleeping homeless person, to catch a man they believe bludgeoned two men to death and injured a third in downtown Las Vegas.
They caught Shane Allen Schindler, who admitted Tuesday they attacked the mannequin with a hammer, thinking it was a real person.
Under their plea deal, Schindler faces eight to 20 years for attacking the mannequin — but they won't face charges in the Jan. 4 bludgeoning death of Daniel Aldape, the Feb. 3 killing of David Dunn and a Nov. 30 assault on a sleeping homeless man. At least part of the reason is a lack of evidence in those attacks.
“This is good for the community, that he's taking this deal,” police Capt. Andrew Walsh, commander of the downtown area where the attacks took place, said Wednesday. “He's off the streets.”
Schindler, 30, a former resident of Bay City, Michigan, remains jailed pending sentencing Aug. 24.
Walsh, who came up with the mannequin ruse, said it appeared clear that the deaths of Adalpe and Dunn were related. Both were attacked as they slept on the street and died of severe head injuries, although police couldn't say if a hammer was used each time. Neither had been robbed.
The man who was attacked in November also was hit in the head while they slept, but they never saw their assailant, Walsh said.
Prosecutors dropped a concealed weapon charge against Schindler relating to a 4-pound ball-peen hammer police said they used to bash the blanket-covered head of the mannequin.
Police watching on video swooped in to arrest Schindler immediately after the Feb. 22 attack on what prosecutors referred to in court documents as a “human decoy.”
It had been placed by police in a normally deserted area of downtown Las Vegas in hopes of luring someone Walsh believed was a serial stalker of defenseless homeless people.
The plea deal also avoided a possible legal fight over whether it is possible to kill an inanimate object in a state where legal precedent appears to support the charge.
Laws in most states take into account what a defendant is thinking at the time of a crime, said Deborah Denno, a Fordham University law professor who was written about the legality/admissibility of decision-making by people who commit crimes.
see also Cops use mannequin to catch suspect attacking homeless men LAS VEGAS — A man accused of attacking a mannequin...
“Most people would think you wouldn't get charged” for a mannequin attack, Denno said.
“This teaches us that criminal law really focuses on what's going through someone's mind,” they said Wednesday. “That's what makes people dangerous and a threat to society.”
In 1976 and 1989, the Nevada Supreme Court chose intent over effect when it rejected arguments about what justices termed “the niceties of distinction between physical and legal impossibility.”
Clark County Public Defender Phil Kohn wasn't available Wednesday to comment about Schindler's case. Schindler's court-appointed public defender, Ashley Sisolak, called the plea deal “tough but fair,” and said it was in Schindler's best interest.
NexTracker has delivered solar trackers totalling 754MW to Enel Green Power's Villanueva photovoltaic project in Mexico.
Swinerton Renewable Energy has been subcontracted by NexTracker to help with the installation at the project site in Torreón.
Villanueva will also feature NexTracker's NX data management and control platform, as well as 26,000 piers and 2614km of torque tubes.
NexTracker chief executive Dan Shugar said: “This announcement demonstrates NexTracker's ability to massively scale and innovate with our customers in new markets, of which Mexico is especially promising.
“Our installation partner, Swinerton Renewable Energy, has been instrumental in supporting array construction.”
Image: NexTracker
February 3 2001 The iconic moment for the Anaheim 3 Supercross, when defending champ Jeremy McGrath is surpassed by future champion Ricky Carmichael, literally happens before our eyes during opening ceremonies. With each rider having won two races to start the '01 championship battle, the series organizers invite them to take a sighting lap together during the intro. McGrath, who always did something cool with their helmet or motorcycle for the Anaheim races—Angel Stadium being the House That Jeremy Built as far as supercross goes—had rigged some pyro on their lid to a button near their clutch thumb. When the two were side-by-side in the air McGrath hit the button but the pyro did not go off, and they effectively did a "dead sailor" because they were waiting for the fireworks to happen. Carmichael, on the other hand, furiously whipped their Kawasaki KX250 sideway, and the crowd roared.
RCMC_Fox_Ad PHOTOS Carlo Bagalini
RCMC_2001 PHOTOS Carlo Bagalini
Carlo Bagalini captured the moment, and it turned into this iconic Fox Racing ad. Carmichael would later win the race with another furious effort, this time a come-from-behind ride for what will be their second win in a record-tying 13-race winning streak to end the 2001 EA Sports AMA Supercross Championship. McGrath, the all-time King of Supercross, did not go down without a fight, and Anaheim 3 '01 must rate as a top-ten all-time battle. But Ricky gets the better of him, and Jeremy won't win again. Their first of a record 72 wins came at this same stadium in 1993; their last also came here on January 20, 2001, two weeks before this race. McGrath will end their career with seven AMA Supercross Championships, also still the record. Carmichael will win the title in five of the next six years—he was forced to sit out the 2004 series with a knee injury. As you get your prep on for today's Oakland SX, watch the main event here from Anaheim '01, it will get you ready for some supercross! David Bailey more or less says, “I don't think I have seen something like this since Bob Hannah.”
1996 Five years earlier, McGrath was at the absolute peak of their reign. They wrapped up their fourth straight win to start the 1996 AMA Supercross Championship, this win coming in Seattle. McGrath, riding for Team Honda, was working on their fourth straight championship. They were also just getting the ball rolling on their epic 13-race winning streak that saw them very nearly sweep the entire 15-race series. Kawasaki's Damon Huffman and McGrath's Honda teammate Steve Lamson would finish third. In the 125 class Yamaha's Kevin Windham would top Pro Circuit Kawasaki rider David Pingree and Suzuki rider James Dobb.
1990 Kawasaki Team Green rider Jeff Emig scored the first win of their professional career at the Houston Astrodome, topping future off-road legend Ty Davis, future Arenacross legend Buddy Antunez, and future 125cc legend Steve Lamson.
Here is a future Hall of Famer and AMA Supercross and Motocross Champion Jeff Emig in 1990, though not at Houston where they won their first professional race.
The winner of the 250 Class at the Astrodome was Yamaha's 250cc rookie wonder Damon Bradshaw, who topped another class rookie, Suzuki's Larry Ward, with the veteran Johnny O'Mara finishing third aboard a Kawasaki. This would mark the last-ever AMA Supercross podium for the '84 series champion O'Mara, who would call it a career at the end of the 1990 season.
Longtime advocates of legal marijuana looked to the past and the future Sunday at an industry awards ceremony held in Santa Rosa.
Hundreds gathered for the Emerald Cup Awards at the Sonoma County Fairgrounds as organizers spoke of those imprisoned for growing cannabis in years past and predicted that lucrative opportunities lie ahead once recreational marijuana becomes legal in California next month.
Emerald Cup founder Tim Blake told producers and manufacturers that in the next five years, “some of you guys are going to be national brands like Nabisco.”
Even so, they noted the new era also will include falling prices for cannabis and a level of competition where “we're going to lose a lot of small farmers.”
The awards ceremony capped the two-day gathering at the fairgrounds that attracted thousands of attendees. After last year's Emerald Cup when about 25 percent of samples in the concentrates category tested positive for pesticides, and about 5 percent of cannabis flowers did, all entries were tested before the judging process began.
Among the winners, Molecular Farms took home first place in the flowers category for its “Lemon Crush,” Utopia Farms placed first in the edibles category for its Peanut Butter Macaroon, The Squishery was the winner in the tinctures category for its “1:1 Tincture” and Newell's Botanicals got top prize in topicals for its “Deep Skin Penetrating Topical Oil.”
Sunnabis of Humboldt County was named winner in the Innovative category for its “Festival Throat Spray.”
Other categories awarding winners including CBD, rosin, solventless, CO2, distillate and light deprivation.
Among those honored Sunday was Dale Gieringer, the state coordinator since 1987 of California NORML, the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws. A second lifetime achievement award went to Steph Sherer, founder and executive director of Americans for Safe Access, for their advocacy for medical cannabis patients.
Gieringer recalled that “in the 80s along came the helicopters,” where paramilitary raids by state and local law officers destroyed marijuana plants, arrested growers and seized land. Those raids led them to fight for a change in the laws.
Blake, also the co-founder of two Mendocino County cannabis dispensaries, acknowledged that for many years they sought to keep a low profile and “never lived the big life.
“You lived like that, you went to jail,” they told the audience.
Blake mentioned a man who previously had taken part in the Emerald Cup and has spent the last seven years in federal prison for transporting 100 pounds of marijuana from California to Missouri. The man was convicted and sentenced to 23 years, they said.
Blake called for the ending the incarcerations of “nonviolent cannabis prisoners” and led the crowd in a chant of “You are not forgotten.”
They also said the Emerald Cup had raised $75,000 for victims of October's wildfires. Most of the funds came from the contest entrants; $50 from each $400 entry fee went to fire relief.
The relief funds will be given to the California Growers Association, which separately has collected $200,000.
“There's about 70 folks in our community that lost significantly in the wildfires,” said Hezekiah Allen, the association's executive director. They said the losses amount to nearly $4 million.
The Nets are adding to their coaching staff, with The Post learning ex-Knick Pablo Prigioni will join the group. They will aid in development, especially helping to groom a glut of young point guards who will be key in their rebuilding process.
The Knicks also had interest in hiring Prigioni, who spent 2012-15 in the Garden and helped them to their last playoff berth, in 2012-13. But in the end they opted to sign on with Brooklyn and head coach Kenny Atkinson, whom they have known for years through European basketball and Basketball Without Borders.
“I'm still learning from these guys,” Prigioni had told The Post during a weeks-long visit with the Nets coaching staff. Now he's joining them, likely mentoring a trio of guards all 23 years old or under.
Prigioni spent most of their professional career in Spain, winning the Spanish Cup MVP Award in 2006 and twice being named All-EuroLeague second team. And when they decided to try their hand at coaching, that's where they started.
After playing their final season at Baskonia in 2016-17, they retired and took over as head coach there in June. But they stepped down in October after starting 0-3 in EuroLeague and 2-3 in LigaACB.
Their coaching career restarts in Brooklyn, albeit this time as an assistant under a regime that prioritizes player development and is open to foreign methods. And the 40-year-old Argentine will have a wealth of knowledge to pass on to the Nets' young lead guards.
Prigioni had become a favorite in the Garden for their plucky defense and team-first play. Even beyond veteran Jeremy Lin — coming back from a season-ending knee injured suffered in the opener — the Nets have 22-year-old D'Angelo Russell, Caris Levert (23), Spencer Dinwiddie (25) and Isaiah Whitehead (23) all on the books.
Even if the Nets do move one of them and lessen the glut at the position, the guards who stay will be critical to their rebuild. Whether it be defense, leadership, shooting, they all will need individual development to reach their potential, and Prigioni has valuable experience to lend.
Mali has sent back two people who were deported from France on the same planes they arrived on, questioning whether they were even Malian citizens.
The pair were flown to Bamako using European travel permits or "laissez-passer", not passports or other Malian papers, the government said.
The government said it could not accept people "simply assumed to be Malian".
Recent reports of a deal with the EU to repatriate failed Malian asylum seekers have sparked protests.
In a statement, the Malian government condemned the use of the European "laissez-passez" in cases of expulsion, describing it as "against international conventions".
It also warned airlines not to let people using the document fly to Mali.
The French authorities have not yet commented.
Malians are among the sub-Saharan African nationalities most deported from France:
Senegal - 540
Mali - 290
Ivory Coast - 270
Nigeria - 235
Guinea - 165
Source: Eurostat, 2015
Mali's refusal to admit the two migrants comes as Bamako is under fire at home for having signed a ''migrant return agreement'' with the European Union.
Many Malians claim the government has betrayed them by accepting €145m ($153m; £124m) for ''measures to deter migration''.
The deal, announced on 11 December, was the first of its kind between the EU and an African country.
The Malian anti-corruption group "mains propres'' (clean hands) says the authorities in Bamako were tricked by Brussels, whose own rules require such an agreement before mass expulsions can be triggered..
Bamako and Brussels are now both playing the deal down as ''an agreement with a small A'' or ''a communique on deepening migration partnership''.
The EU has since signed a similar document with Niger, which is another major departure country for migrants heading through the Sahara desert on their way to Europe.
There is a large Malian community in France, the former colonial power, who support their relatives back home by sending money.
More than 360,000 people have reached Europe by crossing the Mediterranean this year.
Many pass through Mali on their way although Malians are not among the 10 nationalities most likely to attempt the journey.
It's about 1,600 miles away from the Las Vegas Valley, but this weekend all eyes in southern Nevada will be on Winnipeg as the Golden Knights take on the Winnipeg Jets in the Western Conference Final.
It's about 1,600 miles away from the Las Vegas Valley, but this weekend all eyes in southern Nevada will be on Winnipeg as the Golden Knights take on the Winnipeg Jets in the Western Conference Final. But how much do you know about the city where Games 1 and 2 will be played?
We'll start with the basics: Winnipeg is the capital of the province of Manitoba. It's near the center of Canada, and north of North Dakota. Winnipeg has a population of about 750,000 people, compared to a Las Vegas' metro population of about two million.
"We're going to offer you the best, toughest hockey market that you're ever going to see," Matt Schaubroeck with Tourism Winnipeg said.
If Golden Knights fans are making the trip up North, what can they do to pass the time when the team isn't taking the ice?
"I would check out the Assiniboine Park Zoo, you can watch the polar bears going for a swim right on top of your head," Schaubroeck said. "Another thing you can do: I would head over to the Canadian Museum for Human Rights. It's a gorgeous building, you cant miss it."
But let's get real, the reason medieval maniacs are venturing north this week is the hockey, and even though Winnipeggers love their Jets, Schaubroeck said they'll still be typically Canadian: polite to visitors, even those sporting the black and gold.
"You'll get some good-natured heckling, but at the end of the day, we love our hockey, but we're known as 'friendly Manitoba' and you'll see it come through if you come pop up for a visit."
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
1:24 Gun dealer describes confusion, complexity in California's new gun laws Pause
0:41 Cal Poly Rose Parade float heads to Pasadena under the cover of darkness
0:07 Timelapse video: Watch Cal Poly students decorate their 2017 Rose Parade float
0:32 Storm scenes from Pismo Beach
1:11 How the Paso Robles Police Department is using body cameras
0:44 How an officer can tell whether a driver is stoned
1:36 2016's worst red-light runners
2:02 SLO County shelter pup Sugar Bear has wheels to get around. Watch them go.
1:07 The holidays are at home with the Fortinis
Sweden, left, and Switzerland players listen for the national anthems prior to the start of the round of 16 match between Switzerland and Sweden at the 2018 soccer World Cup in the St. Petersburg Stadium, in St. Petersburg, Russia, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. Dmitri Lovetsky AP Photo
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ryanair is calling on UK airports to enforce a two-drink limit after it was revealed the number of passengers arrested for drunken behaviour increased by 50% in the last year.
The airline has already banned customers from drinking duty-free alcohol on flights and stopped people flying from Glasgow Prestwick and Manchester to Alicante and Ibiza from bringing it on board the aircraft at all.
The company is now urging airports to ban the sale of alcohol before 10am and to limit the number of drinks per boarding pass to a maximum of two.
Ryanair's Kenny Jacobs said: "This is an issue which the airports must now address and we are calling for significant changes to prohibit the sale of alcohol at airports, particularly with early morning flights and when flights are delayed."
The call comes after figures obtained by BBC Panorama from 18 out of 20 police forces with a major UK airport on their patch revealed a surge in arrests for drunken behaviour on flights or at UK airports.
There was a total of 387 in the year to February 2017, up from 255 in the period from February 2015 to 2016, according to the statistics .
Ally Murphy, a former Virgin Airlines cabin crew manager, told Panorama: "People just see us as barmaids in the sky.
"I was pulled into an upper-class bed by a passenger who was feeling particularly lucky I guess.
"They would touch your breasts, or they'd touch your bum or your legs, or I mean I've had hands going up my skirt before.
"It's rage inducing, and you shouldn't have to deal with that.
"I guess I never reported it to the police because sadly, and this is completely wrong and only really occurring to me now, you kind of just accept it as part of the job. And it shouldn't be."
Another cabin crew member, who was unnamed in the programme, said airline workers had found "countless" litre bottles of vodka and they felt that Alicante, Ibiza and Palma were among the worst routes.
Alexandra Wilms, of the Balearic Ministry of Tourism, called for "high fines" to try and deal with the problem as "these kinds of people don't understand any other thing than really getting punished by paying a lot of money" while Airport Operators' Association chief executive Karen Dee rejected suggestions airports are irresponsibly selling alcohol.
Ms Dee said: "The sale of alcohol per se is not a problem. It's the misuse of it and drinking to excess and then behaving badly."
Panorama also points out that the UK aviation industry brought in a voluntary code a year ago.
It recommends that airports and airlines should work together to limit disruptive behaviour and sell alcohol responsibly.
Most of the big airlines and airports have signed up to this.
Journalists from across the continent are invited to apply for the award, which aims to uncover and promote fresh talent from Africa.
The BBC is seeking a future star of African journalism for the BBC World News Komla Dumor Award, now in its third year.
The winner will spend three months at the BBC headquarters in London, gaining skills and experience.
Applications close on 15th March 2017 at 23:59 GMT.
The award was established to honour Komla Dumor, an exceptional Ghanaian broadcaster and presenter for BBC World News, who died suddenly aged 41 in 2014.
It will be made to an outstanding individual living and working in Africa, who combines strong journalism skills, on-air flair, and an exceptional talent in telling African stories with the ambition and potential to become a star of the future.
As well as spending time with the BBC in London, the winner will also get to travel to Africa to report a story - and have that story shared across the continent and the world.
Nancy Kacungira, who worked as a prime time news presenter for KTN in Kenya, won the award in 2015.
Didi Akinyelure, a Nigerian journalist who started out as an investment banker, was the 2016 winner.
During their placement, Ms Akinyelure went to the Ivory Coast to investigate new opportunities for the local chocolate manufacturing industry.
"It has been completely life-changing for me," they say of their experience at the BBC.
"You get intensive training in journalism - everything from presenting, to editing, to writing, to telling the story, to understanding BBC ethics.
"Whatever it is that you have may be what the BBC is looking for. So you need to take this opportunity and seriously, apply."
 They are in Blantyre to launch the 2017 prize, along with Francesca Unsworth, the director of the BBC World Service.
Ms Unsworth has reiterated the commitment of the BBC to continuing Komla Dumor's legacy: "We have already awarded and hosted two exceptionally talented journalists, who were given the opportunity to train with us and report from Africa for our audiences across the BBC.
"It has been a pleasure getting to know both Nancy and Didi. It has also been great to learn from both our award winners, improving our engagement with local audiences.
"We're looking forward to finding the next rising star in African journalism and welcoming them as the next BBC World News Komla Dumor Award winner."
Applications will be considered by an expert panel: Rachael Akidi from the BBC's Focus on Africa programme; Paul Royall, who is the editor of the prominent BBC UK TV programmes, the Six and Ten O'Clock News; and Khadija Patel, editor-in-chief of South Africa's Mail & Guardian newspaper.
Ms Patel spoke of their motivation for joining the award panel: "Komla's work touched so many of us.
"He was loved by those who knew him, but they were also respected by so many more. Their work remains testimony to the strength of African journalism and I'm delighted to be able to honour their memory."
Mahira Khan was on cloud nine when they were offered Shahrukh Khan's Raees. It was a dream Bollywood debut for the Pakistani actor.
While talking about the Shahrukh Khan starrer, Mahira Khan recently said that they felt like being punched in the stomach.
We All Have Gone Through Failures Mahira spoke at length about their failures in life during a lecture at a university, reported Dawn. "The truth is that we have all gone through failure.'' I Have Experienced It Personally & Professionally ''I have personally as well as professionally experienced failure. "I was advised by many people to not accept the role in ‘Bol' (Pakistani film) as it was a small one but my gut feeling told me otherwise.'' My Name Was Missed From Bol Credits ''I also decided to act in the serial ‘Humsafar' on my gut feeling. There are no repeats of your first film, but somehow my name was missed as the ‘Bol' credits scrolled in front of me.'' Raees Teaser Said ‘Introducing Mahira Khan'... ''Then for ‘Raees', even though the teaser said ‘Introducing Mahira Khan'.'' I Felt Like Being Punched ''I felt like being punched in the stomach when there was no such credit in the film itself.'' I Was Banned In India "Then when it was released, I was banned in India and the film was banned in Pakistan.'' Big Thing To Work In A Foreign Film "It is a big thing to work in a foreign film. I pray I get my introducing credit when I work in an Iranian film. Failure is knowledge and knowledge is success. So it is a win-win. We actors know how to paint smiles on our faces and carry on, I did too.'' I Used To Dream Of Working With SRK "I was dreaming of wearing a sari and dancing like Madhuri Dixit. I also used to dream of working with Shahrukh Khan. I did nothing to make it happen. I only dreamed and believed in my dreams," they said.
Also Read: Twinkle Takes A Dig At Salman Khan & Shahrukh Khan After The Success Of Akshay Kumar's Toilet?
By Rotimi Ojomoyela
ADO-EKITI—GOVERNOR Ayodele Fayose of Ekiti State, yesterday, asked the politicians that brought President Muhammadu Buhari to seek God's forgiveness.
Fayose also lamented that Nigeria's economy had become worse under the Progressives Congress-led Federal Government, which they said has no solution to the myriads of problems facing the country.
The governor said this at a meeting of the Osoko Mass Movement, OMM, attended by representatives of labour unions, civil servants and public institutions in the state.
They said: “People that voted Buhari must seek repentance. People thought they were coming to make a difference but they have caused more economic hardship. We are being ruled by fiat. Unemployment is second to none. The Transparency International said corruption had become worse among Nigerians.”
The governor urged the people to vote for a well-educated candidate in the election and not to sell their votes even as they said their deputy, Prof. Kolapo Olusola, is the most educated and suitably qualified aspirant to rule the state.
They said: “If you say I'm not educated, now I have presented a professor. We are not supposed to retrogress, we should progress. A professor is higher than a doctor and supervises him. By all standard, I'm presenting the most suitably qualified aspirant.”
“Our interest was somewhere else but their name kept reappearing. Ekiti needs continuity, I have put in my best in the circumstance and I know they will do it better.”
Fayose said the APC government had not benefitted the Ekiti people in any way despite having a former governor of the state, Dr. Kayode Fayemi, as the Minister of Mines and Steel Development.
They said: “There are many mineral deposits in Ekiti which have been left untapped despite our son being the Minister of Mines and Steel Development.
Subscribe to read: Financial Times
Prudential to bid for £3bn slice of state's Bradford & Bingley mortgages
Massachusetts state police say they've recovered a stolen car believed to have been used by a former Army reservist who was charged with stealing 16 guns from a U.S. Army Reserve Center and escaped from a Rhode Island detention center.
They say James Morales remains at large.
U.S. marshals say the Cambridge, Massachusetts, native scaled a building and climbed over razor wire and was reported missing Saturday night. They believe he's wounded and bleeding from the razor wire.
Police say they believe Morales fled to Attleboro, Massachusetts, and stole the car. They found the car Sunday afternoon.
The FBI says Morales stole assault rifles and handguns from an armory in Worcester (WUS'-tur), Massachusetts, in 2015.
Morales also faces child rape charges.
Morales is black, bald, 6 feet tall and 175 pounds. He's 35 and has brown eyes and an eagle neck tattoo.
Exactly 9 days ago, Zee Kannada channel's famous show Drama Juniors Season 2 landed in a controversy wherein the Brahmin community of Karnataka turned against the show.
The show got into the controversy for having made the kids to enact a skit which portrayed Brahmins and their caste in a very poor light.
Brahmins all over the state together demanded an unconditional apology from the makers of the show as well as the channel for not having moderated the content properly. Various Brahmin sects and societies had announced strong revolts and protests against the channel and the show.
Having seen the ongoing turmoil on social media, the channel and the makers of the show finally succumbed to the pressure and offered their unequivocal apology.
Yes, the controversy finally ended when the team of Zee Kannada and Drama Juniors team apologised on the Drama Juniors Season 2 Episode 3, which was telecasted on Saturday, August 12 at 9 pm.
Master Anand, the presenter of Drama Juniors show, apologised the moment the show began. They mentioned that they will be the one apologising on behalf of the channel and the show.
They said, "The skits that are being enacted on the stage have deep meaning hidden beneath them. They reflect all the loopholes in our society, which we try to lighten up by bringing some humour."
"Last weekend, we tried to tell Tenali Rama's story via the kids. Unfortunately, the humour was a little too overwhelming for some people. What we thought would be taken in a light hearted manner didn't go as planned. We are extremely sorry."
Master Anand continued, "We are pained if people are pained by us. It was totally unintentional. It is never our intention to hurt or degrade anyone, let alone deeming them inferior. I hereby would like to apologise to everyone who were offended an unknown mistake from our side. There is no holding back, we regret our mistake, please forgive us."
Later, after Master Anand concluded, it was the judges' turn to apologise. On behalf of the judges, T. N. Seetharam spoke and said, "This is the second season of this show and we have successfully delivered a total of 167 skits till date."
"While most of them were received by our audience gracefully, one of them hurt your feelings. It was totally unintentional from the Dance Juniors team as well as the channel. Please forgive us if you are hurt by our actions."
The Broome County Sheriff's Office is asking for your help in locating this weeks outstanding warrant.
Randolph Staats, 33 is wanted for violating their probation of a Felony DWI.
Staats is 5' 10", 200 lbs, with brown hair and hazel eyes.
If you have any information on their location you can contact the Broome County Sheriff's tip line at 607-778-1196 or 778-2923. All tips will remain confidential. .
Savage Masters overcame Regal Masters to take Ogle CC softball crown
Savage Masters defeated Regal Masters by three runs to win the final of the Ogle Community Centre softball tournament which was contested on Sunday.
Batting first, Savage Masters managed 131-3 off their allotted 15 overs. Ramo Malone stuck 42 while Rishie Ramsaywack made 31, Unnis Yusuf 30. Raymond Harper claimed 3-27. Regal Masters responded with 128. Mahase Chunilall led with 54 while Eon Abel got 23 and Rudolph Baker 22 not out. Malone snared 3-27.
In the semi-finals, Regal beat Mike's Wellman by 36 runs, while Savage got the better of Ariel Masters by 17 runs. Ariel rebounded to beat Mike's in the third place play-off. The top three teams and Most Valuable Player, Ramo Malone received trophies.
The day's activity was organised by the executives and members of the Ogle Community Centre to raise funds for the club.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Following a month-long nationwide search for true fans of the England football team, 12 Yardley residents of Wembley Grove in Birmingham were surprised to open their doors to ex-England and Aston Villa star, David James.
The legend knocked on the doors of residents to gift them with state-of-the-art home entertainment LG products for them to experience the upcoming summer of football from the comfort of their homes.
To celebrate the summer of football, LG delighted the residents by bringing Wembley to them with a surprise visit from David James who gifted them with LG Home Entertainment products including OLED and Super UHD TV's, soundbars and ThinQ AI speakers.
During the nationwide search, residents of Wembley streets across the UK were urged to get in touch with LG explaining why they deserved to get LG products by simply describing their favourite England football moment.
The surprise and delight experience was conceptualised by LG Electronics (LG), Official Partner of the England men's teams and Wembley Stadium connected by EE.
Across the nation, many cities and towns include streets that share their namesake with the iconic Wembley Stadium – from Wembley Road in Manchester to Wembley Street in Swindon.
As the official digital screen partner of the England men's teams, LG transformed the streets of Wembley Grove in Birmingham into a football destination – providing residents of Yardley with top of the range technology to enable them to ‘Live The Game' this summer.
David James, former England goalkeeper, said: “As a boy the dream was always to play at Wembley – the history and tradition makes it iconic for all that love football, either as a player or a fan.
"It was exciting to bring a bit of that magic to one of the nation's Wembley streets and with LG bringing fans closer to the action.
"It has been a fun experience to surprise and delight residents of Birmingham staying on Wembley Grove ahead of this summer's football.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Carolyn Anderson, Marketing Director LGE UK said: “Wembley Stadium is the home of English football, but not everyone is able to cheer on the England team in person.
"From reports, we know most people have enjoyed their favourite England football moments from the comfort of their own living rooms.
"As a pioneer in home entertainment and as the Official Partner of the England men's teams and Wembley Stadium connected by EE, we wanted to give back to the residents of Wembley.
"With LG's outstanding line-up of home entertainment products, including award winning OLED TVs, UHD TVs and soundbars with Meridian technology, Wembley residents can now live the game from the comfort of their home.”
They faced defending champion AJ Greff and snapped Greff's seven-match winning streak with a 4&3 victory.
The win was indicative of Ystebo's run through the championship bracket. They led 1-up after six holes and pushed their advantage to three after the 11th hole before going up four and closing out early.
Ystebo, from Fargo, never saw the 18th green completing all their matches quickly on the back nine during an impressive run to the finals.
They opened with a 6-4 victory over No. 11 Duane Geiger, followed by a 3-2 quarterfinal victory over No. 3 Thomas Solein. In the semifinals, Ystebo advanced 4-3 over No. 7 Greg Birdsell.
Greff had a similar run to the championship match defeating No. 16 Brad Solheim 5-3, 2015 champion, No. 8 Keith Aasen 4-3 and two-time Mid-Am champion, No. 12 Kent Spriggs 2-1 in the semis.
Greff was a win away from being the first back-to-back champion in Seniors in 16 years dating back to Robert Wernick (2000-2001).
Ystebo is the 13th different champion in that span. Scott Linnerooth has won twice (2012, 2014), as well as Tim Rubis (2010, 2013) and Pat Vincelli (2002, 2006).
All Progressives Congress (APC) leaders have launched a peace move to change the frosty relationship between the Executive and the National Assembly. Lawmakers are threatening to override President Muhammadu Buhari's veto on the Electoral Act amendme...
Photo: Rony Alwin
By Jon Wiederhorn
Migos have taken a ride on the soul train in their new music video for their collaboration with Drake, “Walk It Talks It.”
Related: Migos Rapper Offset Performs For Son's Third Birthday: Watch
The song is from the group's third album Culture II, which came out in January, and the video is an homage to the '70s music and dance program Soul Train.
The host of Culture Ride, the fictional show Migos are playing, is none other than Jamie Foxx (as Ron Delirious). The clip also features a cameo from Lil Yachty.
Watch “Walk It Talks It” below.
A gunman in a botched robbery attempt that wounded a south Bibb County clerk might have successfully held up a north Macon restaurant an hour later.
Bibb County sheriff's deputies believe the same man shot a fleeing clerk at the Citgo at 1681 Rocky Creek Road before robbing the Waffle House at 3620 Riverside Drive.
At about 2:50 a.m., a gunman came into the Citgo gas station and convenience store across from the post office in south Macon, according to a Bibb County sheriff's news release.
The man, who was wearing a blue bandana on their face, had the weapon in hand as they walked through the door, causing clerk Bhavesh Patel, 24, to run toward the back storeroom.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
The gunman, described as being about 6 feet tall and weighing about 250 pounds, fired through a window on the closed door between the counter area and the store.
The bullet grazed the clerk's back and the gunman ran out of the store and got into a blue 2010-2014 Honda Civic missing both front hubcaps.
They were wearing a black do-rag, a white V-neck shirt and dark blue jeans.
Patel declined medical treatment from paramedics at the scene but later went to the hospital where they were in stable condition.
Just before 3:50 a.m., investigators think the same gunman jumped the counter at the Waffle House near the Arkwright Road interchange of Interstate 75.
The man had a gun as they demanded cash from the register.
At the all-night eatery near Holiday Drive North, about 10 miles away from the Citgo, the gunman got an undisclosed amount of money before running out and leaving in what appeared to be the same blue Honda Civic missing the two front hubcaps.
Anyone with information about the gunman and the incidents is urged to call for an investigator at 478-751-7500 or phone anonymous tips to Macon Regional Crimestoppers at 877-68-CRIME.
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — The Forestry Program of the American Samoa Community College (ASCC) - Agriculture, Community and Natural Resources (ACNR) Division successfully completed its program review earlier this month and reviewers call it, one of the best programs in the Pacific.
“With the review, we are able to objectively examine our program and services which in turn helps us strengthen the quality of our program services and improve outcomes for the people of American Samoa whom we serve,” said ASCC-ACNR Forestry Manager Luava'asi'itia Mary Taufete'e.
The review was completed on March 2.
The ASCC-ACNR Forestry Program and director, Aufa'i Apulu Ropeti Areta, were commended for successfully completing all 13 recommendations from the 2013 Program Review. Much Forestry Program success stories and successful partnerships with local landowners, the Department of Public Safety, National Parks of American Samoa, the Natural Resources Conservation Services and other government environmental agencies and non-governmental agencies contributed to the success of the review.
Aside from meeting and discussing program progress, the United States Forestry Service (USFS) review team and ASCC-ACNR Forestry program staff drew on the public, engaging in community outreach and conducting site visits. They presented and planted native trees at the Fagali'i Elementary School, and visited the Leone watershed and the National Park of American Samoa Visitor Center. The USFS review team also met with ASCC President Dr. Rosevonne Makaiwi Pato, commending their support and leadership of the ACNR Forestry Program.
The review team stated that American Samoa has one of the best programs in the Pacific, which is also used as a pilot program to guide other Pacific Islands Forestry programs and how they look forward to visiting the island again.
The ASCC-ACNR Forestry Program is divided into three areas: Forest Health Protection - Invasive Plants for forest health activities, monitoring, and reporting on the health of all forest lands; Forest Stewardship for assisting landowners with forest and wetlands management; and Urban and Community Forestry for management of trees and forests within populated areas from small villages to large cities, community outreach and tree planting. Each program is dedicated to the protection, conservation and restoration of forests in American Samoa.
Held every five years, the weeklong review was conducted by program managers and specialists from the Pacific Southwest Region of the USFS, an agency of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). The Program Review helps the program improve its effectiveness and inform programming decisions. The Program Review also helps develop organizational and staff capacity to enhance program success. The USFS review team followed up on the programs' activities, and provided assistance in overcoming barriers or issues regarding the program.
The USFS review team consisted of Sherry Hazelhurst, Director of State & Private Forestry, USDA Forest Service; David Bakke, Pesticide-Use Specialist, Invasive Plants Program Manager; Katie Friday, Forest Legacy/Stewardship Program Manager, Hawaii and Pacific Islands; Miranda Hutten, Urban & Community Forestry Program Leader; Barbara Geringer-Frazier, Cooperative Fire Specialist Prevention; and Richard Straight, Agro-Forestry Specialist.
Program managers and specialists from the Pacific Southwest Region of the United States Forest Service meet with the ASCC president during the ASCC-ACNR Forestry Program Review.
(Left to Right) Barbara Geringer-Frazier, Cooperative Fire Specialist Prevention; Richard Straight, Agro-Forestry Specialist; Sherry Hazelhurst, Director of State & Private Forestry, USDA Forest Service; Dr. Rosevonne Pato, ASCC President; David Bakke, Pesticide-Use Specialist, Invasive Plants Program Manager; Miranda Hutten, Urban & Community Forestry Program Leader; Luava'asi'itia Mary Taufete'e, ACNR Forestry Program Manager and Katie Friday, Forest Legacy/Stewardship Program Manager, Hawai'i and Pacific Islands. [Courtesy photo]
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A serial fraudster who once conned people in Derby into believing they were the brother of the comedian Peter Kay is back behind bars.
Peter Stead talked people into handing over cash telling them they would put on events at two pubs in the city to raise funds for the Lewis Mighty Fund.
But they never showed up, pocketing the deposit cash and leaving punters fuming they had been conned.
That offence saw them condemned by the Mackworth mum of Lewis who died in May 2012 following a battle with a rare form of cancer.
(Image: Derby Telegraph)
Now Stead has conned a fellow inmate at Nottingham prison out of more than £4,000 by telling them they would secure an appeal to their convictions.
And they are even claiming to have started a charity “for the victims of crime” since being remanded for their latest fraud.
Jailing the 55-year-old for two years and nine months at Derby Crown Court, Judge Ebraham Mooncey said: “You know it has to be custody because your previous record is horrendous.
“You have so many convictions for dishonesty it is part of your DNA.”
In 2013, Stead, then of Leytonstone Drove, Mackworth, and who has 17 previous convictions for 72 offences, was jailed for two years for fraud in Derby.
Those offences saw them pose as the brother of comedian Peter Kay, telling two pubs in Derby they would put on an event to raise money for Lewis, who died from a rare form of cancer called neuroblastoma in 2012.
Stead was paid a deposit for their services but they never turned up and pocketed the money.
Sarah Allen, prosecuting, said their latest offences took place during 2016.
They said: “He befriended a fellow inmate at Nottingham prison and told him, when they were released, that they would help them fight an appeal for their conviction for sexual offences.
“On their release, the defendant took cash from the victim saying they had instructed solicitors to act on their behalf even lying to them and telling them that the first appeal stage had been successful.”
In total, Stead conned the victim and their Derbyshire family into parting with more than £4,000.
And they also talked two women at a pub they frequented in Alfreton into paying deposits for other goods which they never delivered.
Stead, now of Platt Bridge, Wigan, was arrested and told interviewing officers the victims had “misunderstood the situation”.
But they later pleaded guilty to seven counts of fraud.
Ayesha Smart, for Stead, said: “He has a son who is five years old and they do not want to miss any more of their birthdays.
“Since being remanded in prison they have started a charity for the victims of crime and is organising a sponsored bike ride which officers at the prison are taking part in.”
Judge Mooncey said to Stead: “Some might say the victim must have known you were in prison for dishonesty and should have checked things out more.
“But, given their desperation, they gave in to your lies and you have exploited him."
NEW YORK (AP) — Fifth Harmony is going on “hiatus.”
The girl group announced Monday on Twitter that Ally Brooke, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui will pursue “solo endeavors.” The group says the break will allow them “to gain new experiences, strengths and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family.”
The group says it will perform remaining 2018 shows.
Camila Cabello left the group in 2016.
The singers auditioned as solo artists on “The X Factor” in 2012, but they were formed into a group and finished third in the competition.
Fifth Harmony released their debut album “Reflection” in 2015. They released their third album “Fifth Harmony” in 2017
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The Specials - Too Much Too Young (Glastonbury 2009)
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Specials and Toots and the Maytals are sharing the stage for the first time at three outdoor summer shows across the UK.
The ska Coventry bands the Specials are teaming up with reggae's Toots and the Maytals for gigs over the late May Bank Holiday weekend.
They kick off by the lake at Birmingham's NEC on Friday, May 26 before heading to Leeds and Hatfield.
And the support act will be Bedouin Soundclash, with The Dead 60s Frontman Matt McManamon acting as DJ.
Terry Hall from The Specials, which formed in 1977, says: “In all this time, we have never been fortunate enough to play on the same stage as Toots and The Maytals. What a great bill - I'm definitely there!”
And Bedouin Soundclash say: “Both Toots and The Maytals and the Specials have had such a huge impact on us musically. They are musical royalty.
“After a five year hiatus, it's an honour, a privilege and a pleasure to be invited to share the stage with these legends of culture.”
Tickets cost £44 and are on sale here from The Ticket Factory.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
West Midlands Police chiefs have unveiled the timetable for the controversial closure of 24 stations over the next six years.
Last month police announced the plan to close the offices across the region in a bid to save £5 million a year running costs.
Twenty two of the buildings are not open to the public and are currently used only as office space for staff.
Only two on the for sale list, Sutton Coldfield and Solihull stations, are currently open to the public and will be replaced with a police office open to the public nearby before they are closed.
(Image: Birmingham Post and Mail)
The proposed closures have been met with protests and petitions - with Birmingham residents in Acocks Green and Quinton being particularly vocal in their opposition to the plan.
Although most stations are not open to the public, objectors say that they provide reassurance to residents that officers are nearby and part of the community.
Police bosses argue that many of the buildings are under-occupied, with some less than a third full, and that the money could be better spent on frontline police officers.
They also plan to share other public buildings like fire stations, NHS surgeries and council offices to ensure officers remain embedded in local communities.
The closure timetable
Prouds Lane, Bilston - Summer 2018
Nechells - Early 2019
Kingstanding - Spring 2019
Quinton - Spring 2019
Canley, Coventry - Spring 2019
Sedgley, Dudley - Summer 2019
Balsall Heath - Autumn 2019
Oldbury - Early 2020
Aldridge - Spring 2020
Tipton - Summer 2020
Wednesfield - Summer 2020
Acocks Green - Late 2020
Shard End - Late 2020
Sutton Coldfield - Late 2020
Solihull - Late 2020
Harborne - Spring 2021
Digbeth - Summer 2021
(Image: Birmingham Mail)
Smethwick - Summer 2021
Princip Street - Summer 2021
Edgbaston - Autumn 2021
Wednesbury - Summer 2022
Foleshill, Coventry - Spring 2023
Willenhall, Coventry - Spring 2023
Handsworth - Spring 2024
Gold slipped on Monday as the dollar strengthened against the yen, with the greenback buoyed by a smooth meeting between US President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that saw no mention of currency policy.
Spot gold had fallen 0.31 per cent to $1,230.22 (Dh4,514.90) per ounce by 0608 GMT, while US gold futures were down 0.36 per cent at $1,231.3.
The dollar briefly touched its highest since January 30 at 114.17 yen, with relief that Trump set aside their tough campaign rhetoric over security and jobs in a meeting with the Japanese Prime Minister over the weekend.
“Quietness on the protectionism front and a rekindling of the Trump-flation trade is taking the wind out of gold's safe-haven sails,” said Jeffrey Halley, senior market analyst at OANDA.
A senior Japanese government spokesperson said Abe and Trump did not discuss currency issues and that Trump did not request a bilateral trade deal.
The US currency also found broad support from comments by Trump on Thursday that they planned to announce an ambitious tax reform plan in the next few weeks, rekindling hopes for big tax cuts. The dollar index was firm at 100.820.
Spot gold may revisit its February 10 low of $1,221.02 per ounce, according to Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao.
However, political risk from elections in Europe and worries over Trump's policies will maintain underlying safe-haven appetite for the metal, traders said.
“Prices are likely to recover again, even though there may be slight corrections,” said Hareesh V, research head at Geofin Comtrade Ltd.
“Global uncertainty from the US, Europe and on the Korean front will drive global prices high again as prices couldn't break the December-low,” they added.
Interest rates
Gold has rallied nearly 10 per cent after touching its lowest in over 10 months, at $1,122.35 an ounce, in December, following the US Federal Reserve's move to raise interest rates for the first time in a year.
North Korea said on Monday it had successfully test-fired a new type of medium- to long-range ballistic missile, claiming further advancement in a weapons programme it is pursuing in violation of United Nations resolutions.
Speculators raised their bullish wagers in COMEX gold to the highest in two months in the week to Feb. 7, US. Commodity Futures Trading Commission data showed on Friday.
In other precious metals, spot silver was mostly unchanged at $17.94 per ounce, after touching its highest since Nov. 11 at $18 earlier in the session.
Platinum eased by 0.8 per cent to $1,002.35 per ounce.
Palladium was down 0.5 per cent at $779.98 per ounce, after hitting $786.90, its strongest in over two weeks.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
A second stolen vehicle arrest this week for Grass Valley Police. Police Sergeant Jason Perry says the driver of the suspect vehicle, which was a four-while drive pickup, was first spotted late Thursday night on East Main Street…
click to listen to Sgt Perry
35-year-old Nicholas McCauley, whom police say was from both Grass Valley and Penn Valley, was taken into custody. And Perry says a number of suspicious items were found in the vehicle..
click to listen to Sgt Perry
Perry says among the items seized was a loaded handgun with extra ammunition, methamphetamine, paraphenalia, marijuana, burglary tools, and shaved keys for stealing vehicles. The vehicle was stolen from Grass Valley and returned, intact, to the owner.
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
2:52 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
1:29 Hiking Boucher Trail at Piedras Blancas
2:15 Watch the preparation before using helicopters to drop bags of rock into hole at Oroville Dam
0:49 Evacuees jam Marysville gas stations
0:37 Tempers flare in Marysville traffic
0:55 Evacuees wait to fill gas tanks at Quik Stop on Hwy 99 and Bogue Road
1:10 Shelter quickly fills with Oroville dam evacuees
CLEVELAND (AP) — Kevin Love dodged surgery. The Cavaliers were hit hard.
The All-Star forward, who was recently at the center of some team turmoil, will miss two months because of a broken left hand. Love fractured the fifth metacarpal Tuesday night during a loss at Detroit, and their injury is just the latest mishap for the Cavs, who are coming off a sub-par January.
It was expected that Love would need an operation to repair the break, but after Cleveland's medical staff consulted with doctors at New York's Hospital for Special Surgery, it was determined Love can recover without any procedure. They had surgery on their left hand in 2009 while with Minnesota and still has three screws in place.
The timetable for Love's return means he'll miss all but the final two weeks of the regular season. The team's second-leading scorer and top rebounder won't have much time to get ready for the playoffs. But with the way the Cavs are playing, it's questionable how far they can go.
Cleveland (30-20) is coming off a bumpy month in which the Eastern Conference champions went 6-8 and were blown out in several losses, leading to finger-pointing between teammates. During a recent team meeting, Love was questioned by some Cleveland players for leaving a loss against Oklahoma City and then missing practice the next day.
Love explained they were sick, the Cavs accepted their excuse and the team seemed to be coming together when they got injured. He's averaging 17.9 points and 9.4 rebounds in their fourth season with Cleveland, which hosts Houston on Saturday.
Cavs coach Tyronn Lue spoke to Love and said their “spirits are down.”
“He's just disappointed that they got hurt and I told them to just take their time,” Lue said, “and we can hold the fort down until they get back. So they were down, but it's part of the game. Hate to see anyone go through it, but we just gotta hold it down until they get back. There's nothing you can do about it now. All they can do is just rehab and get themselves healthy and when they come back gotta be ready to play.”
The Cavs won their first game without Love after Lue started forward Jae Crowder on Wednesday against Miami. Last week, Lue dropped Crowder into the second unit and started Tristan Thompson at center with Love moving back to power forward.
Lue said their starting lineup could change on a game-to-game basis because of matchups.
Not only is Love missing the playoff push, but he'll have to sit out the All-Star game for the second straight year. They sat out last season following a procedure on their knee. Miami's Goran Dragic will replace them for the Feb. 18 game in Los Angeles.
Love's loss will have a big impact on how the Cavs proceed as the Feb. 8 trading deadline approaches. Cleveland has had numerous conversations about potential deals, and now there is greater urgency to get something done.
Cleveland needs a big man and the club has two first-round picks, including Brooklyn's, it could use to overhaul its roster.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
BENIN CITY—THE Progressives Congress, APC, in Edo State has removed its Publicity Secretary, Mr Godwin Erhahon following a vote of no confidence passed in them by the State Executive Committee of the party.
Consequently, Mr Chris Azebamwen, another APC leader from Orhiomwon Local Government Area of the state was appointed as their successor by the party.
Erhahon, who reacted, said they were not surprised with the suspension, adding: “I thank God that is how it ended. All my entitlement in the party had been withheld since July last year. This month made it the 14th month, the three months suspension was supposed to end in March but it lingered till Thursday, so it did not come to me as surprise.”
“I used to think that the immediate past governor, Mr Adams Oshiomhole was behind it but I have seen they have no hand in it. The implication is that the merger between the CPC and the APC in the state had been completely wiped out.”
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
2:43 Tax reassessment: A boon for Trump National Golf Club and a loss for North Carolina county
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
With more than 30,000 posts on instagram by people from all over the world who have paid a visit, Fig Tree Bay is rightfully the second most famous beach in Cyprus right after Nissi Beach.
Located in the popular tourist resort of Protaras in the popular holiday town of Paralimni, the popular beach of Protaras – better known as Fig Tree Bay – boasts fine, golden sands and crystal-clear waters. It takes its name from a single, solitary fig tree that has been there since the 17th century.
Facilities on the beach include toilets, changing rooms, sun beds, umbrellas and water sports facilities, whilst the general area has a variety of accommodation, restaurants and kiosks.
Protaras beach has been given the Blue Flag award, as one of best beaches in the world. According to TripAdvisor the beach is among the ten best of Europe and the 19th best beach in the world.
You can stay at the nearby Capo Bay Beach Hotel and explore the natural beauty of the area.
19 days 😍☀👙🏝👫 #figtreebay A post shared by Dee West (@dorrindax) on May 29, 2018 at 4:12am PDT
Dozens were left injured when the police tried to restore calm after the students clashed with other students during the Ashanti Regional Inter-schools' Athletic Competition.
Forty-five students of the Kumasi Technical Institute (KTI) were Tuesday night arrested by the police following a stand-off between the two.
The students were said to be celebrating their qualification to the Super Zonals after placing 4th at the competition.
According to an eye witness, the police arrested some students of the KTI following the clash.
Angered by the police's action; the students then blocked the road leading to the school, thus causing traffic.
The police in their attempt to disperse the students were however pelted with stones.
They therefore called for reinforcement and fired tear gas to diffuse the situation.
The Ashanti Regional police Public Relations Officer, Mr Tanko Yussif, said the police were forced to use tear gas to disperse and arrest the students when the students threw stones at them and refused to move the barricade on the road in front of the school.
According to him, some police officers sustained injuries in the stand-off and two vehicles belonging to the police were vandalised.
This story is about Published 42m
Michael Irvin: Getting Ezekiel Elliott back will mean 'the world to the Cowboys' Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Tom Fox/Staff Photographer Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) dances across the end zone after scoring a third quarter touchdown against the Kansas City Chiefs at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, Sunday, November 5, 2017. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
By SportsDayDFW.com Contact SportsDayDFW.com on Twitter: @SportsDayDFW
The Cowboys have one game left without running back Ezekiel Elliott. He'll complete their six-game suspension after Dallas faces Oakland on Sunday Night Football.
According to the New York Times' playoff machine, the Cowboys have roughly a 6 percent chance to earn a wild-card berth spot in the playoffs. Will that number be lower or higher when Elliott is back with the team? With Elliott this season the Cowboys have a 5-3 record and average 28.25 points per game. Without them the record drops to 2-3 and Dallas has averaged just 18 points per game. Regardless, Hall of Famer Michael Irvin said the RB is going to have a big impact on Dallas when they return. Here's what Irvin had to say about Elliott to TMZ recently. ---
Reversing this one trend has helped keep the Cowboys' slim playoff chances alive
Have you talked to Zeke at all? Michael Irvin: No. Zeke has been in hiding. Thank God. If they hadn't been in hiding don't you think we would've had a 'Where is Waldo? Where is Zeke?' stuff going on? But now, hey, after this game ... against Oakland, I guarantee you starting after this game against the Giants that's all you'll start hearing about. 'Where is Zeke? Where is Zeke?' I think people are already starting to say that. Michael Irvin: Yeah, they're starting to worry.
Do you agree that if they were on now they would be the leading running back? That's what people are saying. Michael Irvin: Different season. Zeke's a different dude. I've always said that. He's a different dude. When you got him, you got a whole different opportunity. Getting them back means the world to the Cowboys. They'll see what happens in the next two weeks. Actually, it's really only another eight days. You got Sunday, then next Sunday and he's back again. Not two weeks, so it's really about eight days. We're about eight days away! Do you think they can hold their breath and get through it? Michael Irvin: The number eight in the Bible stands for new beginning. Eight days away and the Cowboys will get a new beginning when Zeke is back. They just gotta hold it together until they get back. ---
Image copyright @badughaish / Twitter
Three days after King Salman issued a decree allowing women in Saudi Arabia to drive, a selfie of a man giving their wife a driving lesson led to a divisive conversation on Twitter.
Faisal BaDughaish, an analyst in a gas and oil company from Dhahran in the east of Saudi Arabia, tweeted a photo of them with their wife in an empty car park. The tweet read: "I started teaching my wife how to drive in one of the private parking spaces in a safe and legal way, preparing for the law to take effect."
Waiting impatiently
But the reaction to the picture - which was retweeted thousands of times - shows just how controversial the lifting of the driving ban is. Some said that they disapproved of Mr BaDughaish publishing a photo of their wife's face.
"Don't you feel embarrassed or protective of them when posting their picture?" tweeted one user called Bderr1991. "Shame on you."
But many women responded positively to the tweet saying that they too were expecting lessons from men in their family. A woman named Amal Nadhreen commented: "Tomorrow, my son Azzam will teach me how to drive."
Content is not available
Some men, like Faisal Alshehri, tweeted that they were encouraged by Mr BaDughaish to teach their own wives: "We're all going to follow your lead."
However, other women revealed that the royal decree had caused debate within their own families. A tweeter named Julnar wrote: "I will let my son train me, even though my husband says no - but I am not having that."
You might also be interested in:
Speaking to BBC Arabic, Mr BaDughaish said that both they and their wife had been "waiting impatiently" for Saudi Arabia's law to change and that they were hoping the selfie would encourage other Saudi men to teach their female relatives to drive.
They added that they also wanted to inspire women to train in a legal way, as it is currently not permissible for females to learn how to drive on main roads in Saudi Arabia. They deflected a request to interview their wife and said they didn't want to share any details about them
BaDughaish said that some of the messages sent to them were so threatening that they reported them to Saudi Arabia's cybercrimes department.
The historic announcement, allowing women in Saudi Arabia to drive, was made at the United Nations by Saudi Arabia's permanent representative. Women in the country will be able to drive from June 2018.
The Gulf kingdom is the only country in the world that bans women from driving - only men are allowed licences and women who drive in public risk being arrested and fined.
Blog by Lamees Altalebi, BBC Arabic
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending, and find us on Facebook. All our stories are at bbc.com/trending.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Frank Lampard has been discussing what their style of management would be.
Lampard is in line to be the next Derby County boss and is in advanced talks over the vacant position at Pride Park.
The 39-year-old former Chelsea and England midfielder is looking to land their first managerial role after calling time on their illustrious playing career last year.
“I have played under some great ones (managers) – some not so great, too – and I would like to take bits from all of them,” Lampard told The Mirror.
“I loved the managers who gave me time, the ones I felt I had a really positive relationship with.
“The ones that speak to you on the pitch and off the pitch, the ones you feel comfortable with and being around, the ones that had that attention to detail on the training ground.
“I would care about my players, look after them and try to improve them all.”
Lampard is set to follow in the footsteps of former international team-mate Steven Gerrard, who recently took up their first job as manager with Rangers.
“I respect them for doing it, it's a great decision,” said Lampard. “Glasgow Rangers is a massive club, who have had a tough time, but, hopefully, with the right backing, Steven will get an uplift there because of who they are.
“I know they are smart, they know the game and has been working at Liverpool in the Academy, so yes it's whetted the appetite for me and it's about choosing the right job.
“The competitive nature in me and people like Steven Gerrard is something you don't lose and that's why I am now interested in going into management.”
By AbdulSalam Muhammad
Kano was thrown into Kano was thrown into shock weekend following report that a 45-year-old man, Balarabe Haruna of Hausawa Sabon Titi quarters, Kano municipal committed suicide by jumping into a well.
The middle aged petty trader was said to have excused their 10 children and their wife from their abode before they allegedly plunged into the well located at the centre of their compound.Vanguard learned that the 45 years old was last week diagnosed and treated of malaria parasite, and was said to be recuperating fast before the tragic end. Family sources confided in Vanguard that the late Haruna has no trace of mental illness, and that the entire family is still at loss on what informed their decision.However, the eldest son of the deceased,
Balarabe Mahmud, told Vanguard that the incident occurred at about 2.00pm Saturday when the entire family members were temporarily asked to vacate the compound by their late father to enable them have a rest.Mahmud disclosed “we left our home in strict compliance with their directives to allow my ailing father have complete rest only to return home and discovered they were missing.
”The eldest son said “we immediately raised a search team only for us to notice strange movement in the Well as we promptly invited men of the Fire service department to the rescue”Consequently, the fire service operation that lasted few hours led to the recovery of their corpse from the Well amid tears.Confirming the incident, Director Fire Service in Kano, Mohammad Rilwan, told Vanguard that they got to the scene at about 3pm after their men received emergency call few minutes earlier.The Director Fire Service said the victim was “rescued dead and delivered to the family after a formal request.”Contacted the Police Public Relations Officer, Kano Command, DSP Magaji Musa Majia, said the incident has not been reported officially to the police.
MIAMI (WSVN) - A South Florida man has gone viral after they posted about relenquishing two of their rifles to police during a gun buy-back program.
Steve Hemmert says they are well-trained in the use of their weapons as a former U.S. Army officer, but decided “enough is enough” after last month's mass shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School.
“My daughter recently told me that their plan is to only wear sneakers to school from now on, in case they need to run,” Hemmert wrote in their Facebook post. “And I realize that, unlike some of my neighbors, I am lucky to still HAVE a 14 year old daughter.”
Their post, showing them turning in two of their rifles to the Miami Police Department on Saturday, has quickly gone viral, getting over 71,000 shares on the social media platform.
“There is no valid need for any civilian to own an AR,” Hemmert wrote, noting that they and their daughter even built one of the rifles together. “Any honest gun owner will admit that the only lawful reason to own an AR is because they are fun to shoot (and they ARE fun to shoot).”
“But my desire- and the desire of all the other AR owners out there- to have fun toys no longer outweighs the value of the 17 lives that were taken down the street last month,” they continued.
Their post received thousands of responses, with a mixture of those applauding their decision and others criticizing the move.
Hemmert concluded their post acknowledging that, while gun control measures would not remove every semi-automatic rifle from the streets, it would make it more difficult for “a deranged 19 year old” to obtain.
“I want to be part of the solution,” they said.
Copyright 2018 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
OTTAWA — The reverend for a church in the rural Ottawa community of Bearbrook is calling for the return of a bell they suspect was stolen for scrap metal last week.
Rev. Margo Whittaker says it's not clear exactly when on May 21 the 100-kilogram bell was taken from Trinity Anglican Church, but they say how it was stolen became evident when a piece of it was found on the church grounds later that day.
They say a handyman for the church found the piece of the bell on the ground, then climbed the belfry to discover it was missing.
Whittaker says the handyman then spoke to the groundskeeper, who recalled filling up a hole beside the church that was the same shape as a bell.
They say they believe at least two people used a ladder to climb up to the belfry, detach the bell and drop it to the ground, before making a getaway.
Whittaker says members of the congregation are "very upset," adding that the church has been in the community for more than 120 years.
"There are a lot of people who have history here," they said. "We have a huge cemetery and there are hundreds of people who have relatives buried in the cemetery on the church ground, and we would like to ring the bell at the cemetery service, which is coming up on Father's Day."
They said the congregation is praying that whoever took the bell will have a change of heart, or that someone will give information that will lead to its return.
"There are stories of church bells being stolen and then church bells being found," Whittaker said. "It's not unprecedented ... and that gives me hope."
Ottawa police said they have received a report on the alleged theft and investigators are checking local scrapyards.
Featured event:
This month at the 1200 Club trumpeter Sean Jones and their quartet present their impeccable sense of swing on Friday, February 24th. Showtime is 8pm. Thrilling hard bop trumpeter and composer Sean Jones balances technical virtuosity with the music of their gospel-embedded upbringing. Music and spirituality have always been fully intertwined in the artistic vision of trumpeter, composer, educator and activist Sean Jones. Singing and performing as a child with the church choir in their hometown of Warren, Ohio, Sean switched from the drums to the trumpet upon their first exposure to Miles Davis at the age of 10. But it was another immortal visionary who had a most profound impact when Sean was a 19-year old student at Youngstown State University – the magnificent John Coltrane through their masterpiece, A Love Supreme – “All at once, everything just came together for me. My past, my present, my future. I knew the course I needed to pursue.”
After receiving their Master's Degree from Rutgers University, Sean had a 6-month stint with the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra. This marked the beginning of a relationship with Wynton Marsalis, whose personal work ethic and ability to break barriers had already made a significant impact on the emerging artist. Wynton offered Sean a permanent position as lead trumpeter and Jones remained there until 2010.
Jones stands out from the horn-blowing pack with their bright, muscular tone and impeccable sense of swing. For more information, you may visit https://omahaperformingarts.org/
And in other events:
Love's Jazz Live Music Series presents Johnny Britt, live and in person February 17th and 18th, 7:00 pm - 10:30 pm. Johnny Britt is a multi-talented singer, songwriter, producer, trumpeter, arranger and composer in the entertainment industry. Johnny has two #1 Billboard Contemporary Jazz Singles and currently has a third that has been #1. The same chart for eight straight weeks. They have worked behind the scenes in the recording studio or live on stage with some of the biggest artists and projects in the industry. They are Josh Groban, David Bowie, Jennifer Lopez, The Temptations, Maxwell, Peabo Bryson, Quincy Jones, Luther Vandross, Dionne Warwick, Kashif, Norman Connors, The Winans, Aaron Neville, Zhang Liang Ying, Kool and The Gang, Misia, Mark Isham, David Foster, Walter Afanasieff, Mike Elizondo, Harvey Mason Jr., Boney James, Marcus Miller, Take 6, Water For Elephants, Ides Of March, The Lion King, Forrest Gump, Spider-Man 3, American Idol, The Temptations Story, The Little Richard Story and was the music producer for the hit TV Show America Sings. Performances take place at Love's Jazz and Art Center, 2510 N 24th Street in Omaha. For more details you may visit https://www.ljac.org/
Live jazz music takes place every Monday evening at the Cottonwood Café in Lincoln, Nebraska. See the Monday Night Big Band, the First Monday Jazz Jam or some of your favorite local jazz groups perform live Monday evening at the Cottonwood Café, 440 South 11th Street, Lincoln Nebraska. This series is presented by the Capital Jazz Society. For more information you may visit: http://www.artsincorporated.org/cjs/
This story is about Published 1h
Keone Kela returns to Texas Rangers bullpen ready to be 'accountable' Share This Story On... Twitter
Facebook
Email
Staff Photographer Texas Rangers relief pitcher Keone Kela (50) is pictured during Game 4 of the ALDS between the Texas Rangers and the Toronto Blue Jays at Globe Life Park in Arlington, Texas on Monday, October 12, 2015. (Louis DeLuca/The Dallas Morning News)
By Evan Grant , Staff Writer Contact Evan Grant on Twitter: @Evan_P_Grant
OAKLAND, Calif. - The day began with Keone Kela telling their teammates they understood their role with the Rangers. It ended with them showing them, too. After nearly three weeks of banishment to the minor leagues, Kela returned to the Rangers Monday. They proclaimed that he's working on being more accountable to teammates. A good way to start: Firing a scoreless ninth-inning full of 96-mph fastballs and dotted with a couple of killer curves to finish off a 7-0 win over Oakland. Kela was sent to the minors on March 31, two days after an incident in an intrasquad game on the final day of spring training. Some veterans took issue with their effort. Things boiled over into heated clubhouse discussions. The Rangers decided it was best for Kela to start the year in the minors. While Kela acknowledged talking to the team before the game Monday, they did not provide specifics.
Rangers recall Keone Kela, put Sam Dyson on DL with hand contusion
They did, however, say the demotion helped him.
"The biggest takeaway was understanding my lane and my role," Kela said of their four games with Triple-A Round Rock. "It was about what I need to do to be the best I can be not only for me, but for the guys around me, and how to help the team in the best way possible. I know there are a lot of things that I need to work on as an individual and these guys here don't want to do anything other than help me become a better man on and off the field. I'm gaining more accountability for my actions and I want to try to continue to move forward." It was worth noting here two events that took place on Sunday. The first: The Rangers blew a five-run lead and then another ninth-inning lead, suffering their fifth blown save in the first 12 games. The second: Kela turned 24. With their return to the majors, they become the fifth youngest player on the roster behind what sounds like the future of the organization: Nomar Mazara (21), Rougned Odor, Joey Gallo and this year's relief wunderkind Jose Leclerc (all 23). The point:  They are a young player. Of young players, it is often said they lack maturity. That can manifest itself in being overaggressive or timid on the field, but also in bad work habits. The decision to send Kela down was about trying to reinforce that they have a bright future with the club, but that there is work to be done. "We got very good reports on and off the field," general manager Jon Daniels said in announcing the recall. "I don't see this as something lingering past today."
Jon Daniels on the 'real bright spot' of the Rangers' power, and a 'better than expected' Andrew Cashner
In the crowded clubhouse after the game, the first time Kela was available to speak about their return, they said they were welcomed back. "I felt like I was received with love, nothing else," they said. "I walked in and everybody was cheerful to see me and gave me hugs. I've been with this organization five years and at this level for the last two. I feel like everyone knows who I am and I know them. It felt like walking into a family reunion. And those are usually really good feelings." The Rangers called on Kela in the ninth after extending the lead from 5-0 to 7-0. It was a low-pressure situation to allow them to get back on the field. They responded with a quick 10-pitch inning that included eight strikes. They got the final two outs on curve balls, one a swing and miss, the other a routine ground ball. It was, they and the Rangers hope, a new beginning. "The last two weeks were just difficult in understanding the process and the game and what I need to do to be a part of the situation," they said. "At the end of the day, that's what it's about. It's about being part of this group collectively so we can go out and win ballgames."
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reports that Derby County are considering bringing back Chelsea's attacking midfielder Kasey Palmer appear to have gone down well with supporters.
Palmer was a popular figure with fans during their half-season loan last season, despite the fact their 16 appearances included only two starts.
They scored two goals in their time at Pride Park. The first came in a 2-2 draw against Leeds United, the other in a 3-3 draw at Reading.
Should Derby return for Palmer?
(Image: Andy Clarke)
On what we saw of them last season it is tricky to offer a firm answer either way.
Injury meant they had played little football in the months before they arrived at Derby in the January, and it showed at times.
They never looked fully fit, and restricted opportunities to start meant they could not build their match fitness.
Gary Rowett, manager at the time, admitted it was difficult to fit both Palmer and Matej Vydra in the team.
Vydra's form and goals - they top scored with 22 - made them first choice as the No.10 in Rowett's 4-2-3-1.
Palmer's natural position looks to be as a '10'. They looked less effective when they dropped deeper to get on the ball or when in a slightly wider role.
Palmer was keen to impress but because their opportunities were restricted they would at times try to do too much when on the ball.
This was understandable, but showed their inexperience. Again, understandable given they are 21 and still learning their trade.
They have made only 21 starts at first-team level, although they played a part in helping Huddersfield Town to win promotion in 2016-17.
Palmer displayed flashes of their talent in a Derby shirt, and that was welcome in the eyes of some who felt there was a lack of creativity in the team.
But they also flattered to deceive.
They can beat an opponent or two in the blink of an eye, a valuable commodity for any team as it can open up tight games, but they would also run into crowded cul-de-sacs on occasions when popping the ball off and looking for it again would be a better option.
But there are further questions.
(Image: Andy Clarke)
The Chelsea connection means new manager Frank Lampard will know all about Palmer, and what the player can offer.
However, we have yet to see how Derby will set up under Lampard. Will they go with a '10'? Do they see a Palmer-type player in their team?
And then there is the Vydra factor.
Uncertainty surrounds their future at the club with Leeds United keen to sign him. Would their departure open the door for Palmer?
Finally, how do Chelsea view Palmer's future? Would they prefer the player to go out on loan again or leave in a permanent transfer?
Their contract runs to 2021.
Texas forward Jordan Hosey 5) goes for a layup over Arizona State guard Courtney Ekmark
*Vanguard in Prophet's city
By Ishola Balogun, Reporting from Madinah.
Pilgrims from Lagos State who were on the first flight to Saudi Arabia left the city of Madinah to Makkah Monday 14th of August, 2017 in preparation for the Hajj rites.
The pilgrims numbering four hundred and sixty (460) were the first batch of pilgrims airlifted to Jeddah, Saudi Arabia last Sunday from where they were transported by road to Madinah last week. The journey back to Makkah will take eight hours by road.
Other pilgrims who have not completed their various visitations will remain in Madinah.
Vanguard's Islam Editor, is presently in Madinah observing the ziyarah rites.
While they were in Madinah, they performed numerous spiritual activities such as visitation to Prophet Muhammad's tomb, and that of their Caliphs (Abubakar, Umar, Uthman and Ali).
They have also visited historic places such as Masjid Quba where each supererogatory prayer offered is said to be equivalent to lesser Hajj, Masjid Qiblataen (the Mosque with two Prayer directions), Mount Hud among other notable sites.
Lagos State Commissioner for Home Affairs and the State Amirul Hajj, Dr Abdulhakeem Abdullateef in a statement by their Media Assistant, Olalekan Murisiku said, “Every pilgrim is expected to be in Madinah for eight days before going to Makkah. The movement from Madinah to Makkah is also going to be in batches for convenience”
Meanwhile, some of the pilgrims who spoke to Vanguard said they had a spiritually fulfilled time in Madinah, adding that “it is a place every Muslim would always love to visit.”
Apart from the saying of the Prophet that “There is a cure for every disease in the dust of Madinah” (Al-Targhib), the beauty of Madinah, with its uncommon magnificent architectural masterpiece makes it top tourists ‘attraction in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
To visit to Madinah is not a Hajj or Umrah rite, but the unique merits of the Prophet city, their Mosque and their sacred tomb attract every pilgrim to visit it. There is neither Ihram (white garment) nor talbiyah for the visit to Madinah or the Prophet Mosque.
After the stupendous success of the Mahesh Babu starrer Bharat Ane Nenu, there seems to be no stopping the actor's fans. It's not just the success of the movie that is the reason for their profound happiness, but instead more than a couple of news relatives to their upcoming movies.
Rumoured Title Of MB 25
Touted to be titled as Rajasam, this Vamsi Paidipally directorial will be marking the silver jubilee of films for the Ghattamaneni actor. The story of the yet to be confirmed/titled movie will revolve around two friends and the major part of canning of sequences is said to happen in the USA.
Mahesh will be complimented equally by Allari Naresh as a friend on-screen and the overall package is said to be a mix of comedy, sentiment and human emotions.
Grapevine suggests that Mahesh Babu will be sporting a long hairdo look and might as well come with a bearded look for the first time.
Characterization Of Mahesh Babu-Sukumar Movie
After a resounding success with Rangasthalam, Sukumar is the most sought-after director in the T-town. Their remuneration is said to have shot up exponentially and now, has committed themselves to work alongside Mahesh Babu.
Calling action-cut to the actor's 26th movie, Mahesh & Sukumar would be joining hands for the second time after the not so favourable result of Nenokkadine. MB 26 is under the process of pre-production and is going on in full swing.
Mahesh might be seen donning the role of a CID officer which might drop hints of yet another engaging and intelligent screenplay from the talented director.
Last two times when Mahesh had played similar roles, Pokkiri and Dookudu happened with terrific results.
Bharat Ane Nenu Treat In Small Screen
Even before the excitement has absorbed by Babu fans, they are in for another visual experience of Bharat Ane Nenu. The blockbuster movie will be aired for the first time on Amazon Prime. Rights of the same have been bought for a huge 1.9 Cr and as per the contract, Amazon could telecast the movie on 50th day of the movie's release, which would be coinciding with June 9.
On the whole, the celebration mode for fans of tall and handsome actor has begun with a huge bang.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The 2018-19 Nike Premier League official match ball has been revealed.
Nike has integrated All Conditions Control (ACC) into a football to provide optimal touch and control in all weather and pitch conditions.
The Nike Merlin football for the 2018-2019 season incorporates advanced design, materials and construction that make it worthy of being the official ball of the English Premier League, La Liga and Serie A.
Nike created a larger striking surface across the ball by reducing the traditional 12-panel construction to just four panels.
This also reduced the number of seams by 40 percent, eliminated hard spots, opened up the ball and created a more pronounced sweet spot.
Secondary and tertiary colors serve to catch players' eyes and help them to identify spin, speed and trajectory as quickly as possible.
The Nike Merlin will be available Summer 2018.
The official World Cup ball is on sale now with an eye-watering price tag of £129.95.
The most expensive World Cup ball in history, the Adidas Telstar will be used by the world's best footballers in Russia this summer.
Featuring six panels and a retro pixelated-style design, the ball is a nod to the famous Telstar ball used in the 1970 World Cup.
But fans who want to own the ball will have to shell out £129.95. for the official match ball version, an almost identical replica of the ball that will be used in the tournament itself.
Adidas says the high price is because of the innovative six-panel design and the use of a chip inside the ball that allows it to connect to a smartphone. The chip itself allows the user to download World Cup content on their phone, but doesn't track ball movement or speed.
Fans can get the ball for £76 from Amazon, which has reduced the price by 42% here.
A cheaper version is also being sold by Adidas, complete with Russia 2019 World Cup branding, for £30.
However, fans who want to get their hands on the ball can get a version for just £11 from budget sport retailer Sports Direct . The ball has been reduced from £21.99 in a pre-World Cup sale this week.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — LeBron James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on their left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted them and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
Make informed decisions.
Become an FT subscriber.
Keep abreast of significant corporate, financial and political developments around the world. Stay informed and spot emerging risks and opportunities with independent global reporting, expert commentary and analysis you can trust.
SUMTER COUNTY, Fla. — The Florida Forest service firefighters try to burn at least 50,000 acres during prescribed burns each year. On Jan. 1 they were at 50 percent and the race is on to burn 25,000 more before storms and lightning begin igniting the state.
Florida Forestry officials burned more than 10,000 acres in the Richloam Wildlife Management Area. Crews try to burn it every three years. The sections they burned hadn't been touched in nearly four years. That one year makes a big difference in the amount of brush and fuel on the ground.
Last summer the Leadplace fire burned thousands of acres of timber.
With perfect weather conditions Foresters and wildland firefighters set out to protect another thousand acres they were able to save.
Strategically, as the sun set crews used drip torches to burn underbrush and debris making sure the fire stayed low protecting the pine trees towering above.
“By us doing this now, we are saving the trees for later on in the summer when it's dry,” Senior Ranger Jared Dorrier out of Southwest Pasco County said. “If we do have a wildfire it will not cause damage to this area plus we can stop a wildlife if a fire burns into this area.”
There is a good reason crews are working hard to meet their goals for prescribed burns. With the debris left behind from Hurricane Irma and a cold winter there is ample fuel to burn.
“We are kind of getting a double edge sword with that,” Dorrier said. “By all predictions, what we are aiming at, it is going to be a bad year. This year we are actually a little bit dryer than we were last year by this point. Unless, we get more rain it could be pretty bad this summer.”
There is a lot of science and planning that goes into a controlled burn. If just one requirement is off, let's say too windy, too low of a relative humidity or any number of factors the burn will be called off. With a cool front coming through and ideal winds the night burn was a go.
Dorrier said prescribed burns are just as dangerous as a wildfire. The only difference is that they are in control of how, when, and where this fire burns.
“We do it or the fire is going to do it, and cause a lot more damage when it does,” Dorrier said.
Amazon has recalled counterfeit solar eclipse glasses, saying they may not meet ISO standards to protect your eyes while looking at the eclipse. (Published Sunday, Aug. 13, 2017)
Amazon has recalled counterfeit solar eclipse glasses, saying they may not meet ISO standards to protect your eyes while looking at the eclipse.
Amazon says it has emailed anyone that purchased the glasses in question.
Amazon is not releasing a specific brand name for the glasses because the ones in question were counterfeit, meaning there are plenty of glasses sold under that same name that do in fact meet ISO standards for the eclipse, according to the company's spokesperson.
A statement from Amazon about the recall said: "Safety is among our highest priorities. Out of an abundance of caution, we have proactively reached out to customers and provided refunds for eclipse glasses that may not comply with industry standards. We want customers to buy with confidence anytime they make a purchase on Amazon.com and eclipse glasses sold on Amazon.com are required to comply with the relevant ISO standard."
5 Things You Need to Know About the Total Solar Eclipse
A total solar eclipse is going to be visible across parts of the U.S. this August? But what is a total solar eclipse, exactly? When was the last time one happened? What should you look for? Find out all that and more. (Published Friday, Aug. 4, 2017)
Amazon also said some customers did not receive a message because they purchased a product that was confirmed by the supplier to be ISO compliant.
Customers who did not receive an email from Amazon, but are concerned about their eclipse glasses, can reach out to customer service for a refund under the A-to-Z Guarantee.
The American Astronomical Society also has a website to help determine if your eclipse glasses are safe.
The total eclipse is set to appear on Aug. 21, 2017.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
A Houston, Texas woman tried to set a car on fire with themselves and their three young daughters still inside, police say. Police say Ana Segovia eventually fled the vehicle being arrested.  They are charged with three counts of aggravated assault. Click2Houston Broadcast/Screenshot
Chicago Blackhawks goalie Jeff Glass, right, looks back as Calgary Flames' Sean Monahan scores in overtime of an NHL hockey game Saturday, Feb. 3, 2018, in Calgary, Alberta. The Canadian Press via AP Jeff McIntosh
Rick Butler, a nationally renowned volleyball coach from Chicago, watches a scrimmage at a volleyball camp at Abbott Sports Complex in Lincoln, Nebraska, in August 2014. Stacie Scott/Lincoln Journal Star via AP
A new report from the Associated Press found that Michigan State University, the school accused of protecting serial abuser and gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar, has for decades maintained ties to a volleyball coach credibly accused of sexually abusing and raping six underage girls they trained in the 1980s.
The report, based on letters from advocates for the accusers, concluded that MSU had been under pressure for at least a year to cut all connections to the coach, 63-year-old Rick Butler. One of the women who accused Butler of abuse said they molested and raped them hundreds of times when they were 16. Butler admitted in a 1995 hearing that they had sex with three of the women, but they maintained that it had been consensual and that they had already turned 18. Relevant statutes of limitations had expired by the time these women came forward.
In February, a parent of a girl who trained with Butler in 2012 filed a class-action lawsuit on behalf of other parents against Butler and their wife, who, the lawsuit claimed, threatened athletes to keep them quiet. The lawsuit lays out the ways Butler allegedly groomed the girls by convincing them they were their only hope for getting into elite colleges and professional volleyball. It also details the various times—in a car, an apartment, a weight room, and a bathroom—he allegedly abused and raped five teenage girls. Butler has said they “never sexually abused any individual.”
The school has said Butler is “not affiliated with MSU in any way” and that it is “not actively recruiting players from their program at this time.” However, MSU's current head volleyball coach, Cathy George, once worked for Butler's suburban Chicago training company, according to the AP, and continues to recruit athletes trained through their programs. MSU's website mentions Butler by name, the AP reports, and references athletes who were trained by their program. And, in a more official capacity, MSU held exhibition games for years at their facilities, until at least 2014.
The allegations against Butler have long been public, and in 1995, a report by the Illinois Department of Children and Family Services concluded that there was no evidence to suggest their accusers were lying. This year, USA Volleyball banned Butler from its events for life.
Watch Zola confirm their resignation to the media
Who is in the running to replace Zola at Birmingh
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce has challenged Jack Grealish to ‘knuckle down' and build on their moment in the spotlight.
The 21-year-old made their first start for two months and rattled in a stunning equalising goal in the 3-1 defeat at Fulham.
Grealish also upped their work-rate and tracked back in Villa's time of need, but they need to keep their head down and achieve their full potential, according to their boss.
“He's got to be a better professional and stop hitting the headlines for the wrong reasons,” said Bruce.
“There's never any doubt about Jack Grealish's ability.
“When they score a goal like that and reminds us about their ability then of course we're going to talk about him.
“It's right that we talk about their ability but it's important they understand that they need to knuckle down and do the other side of it.
“That's the hardest road for Jack to go down - to be a top-class professional and be as good as they can.
“If he's got that and does that then he's got an outstanding chance.
“If they don't then how often have we seen people who have got talent but end up not getting the best out of themselves.
“He's got a big 12 months. They burst onto the scene, has got a lot of ability, and he's got to stick with it."
Asked whether they will play a part in Grealish's rise, Bruce added:
“I'm not going to claim an influence. I will try my best.
“But ultimately I can't sit on their shoulder every day of their life. He's got to knuckle down and understand what he's got.”
Grealish made their first appearance since Valentines Day and curled in a contender for Villa's goal-of-the-season.
They will now be hoping to keep their place in the side for the Second City derby against Blues on Sunday.
Beijing hopes to secure more stable allies in the fight against Islamist terrorism, which could threaten its "New Silk Road" project. It has already been met with some success, says DW's Frank Sieren....
read more...
Published By: DW World - Today
Toa Maoni yako hapa - Add your comment
Related News
Air New Zealand has pulled out of yet another rohe and it has left Shane Jones annoyed.
The regional development minister says the inconvenience that it will cause will have a direct effect on regional economic development.
The issue has arisen after Air New Zealand announced that they will be withdrawing from Kāpiti.
Jones says the move hinders Labour's regional development plans. Last week they began distributing funds to the regions including Northland and Minginui.
Furthermore, they have committed a $1.7mil contribution to the development of the Bay of Islands airport.
Jones says, "That's my fear- what about happens to the rural residents if the regions are left out, what happens to the regional funds?"
Even though the Crown is a 53% shareholder the prime minister says they won't be interfering in the decisions that Air New Zealand make. They also supported Jones by saying that as a shareholding minister they have a right to their opinion.
Jones says they won't be backing down over the issue. They don't believe that there is enough regard for people in the regions.
Less than a year ago Air New Zealand recorded a $527mil profit.
MANCHESTER, England — Alexis Sanchez's first goal for Manchester United wrapped up a 2-0 victory against Huddersfield on a day when the clubs came together to mark the 60th anniversary of the Munich air disaster.
Tuesday is the 60th anniversary of the tragedy which claimed 23 lives, including eight players, as Matt Busby's side returned from a European Cup match at Red Star Belgrade.
Silence fell upon Old Trafford as those lost were remembered ahead of an English Premier League match that United won, with goals from Romelu Lukaku and Sanchez sealing the victory on their home debut.
Huddersfield struggled to create clear-cut chances in their first league trip to Old Trafford since March 1972 but dug deep in the first half to frustrate the hosts, who claimed a penalty when Terence Kongolo poleaxed Scott McTominay.
United was struggling for a creative spark but went up a gear after halftime, going ahead within 10 minutes of the restart when Lukaku smartly turned home a cross from Juan Mata.
Sanchez won a penalty and saw it saved, only to turn home the rebound as United bounced back from the midweek loss at Tottenham, and extended Huddersfield's winless Premier League run to an eighth match.
United is 13 points behind leader Manchester City, which was held by Burnley.
——
AP Premier League coverage: http://www.apnews.com/tag/PremierLeague
MATHEWS KABAMBA, Kitwe
THREE months after leaving Zesco United, Buildcon coach Tenant Chembo today faces their former employers in a grudge match at Levy Mwanawasa Stadium in Ndola.Hours after guiding Zesco to a 1-0 win over Nkana on April 8 in Kitwe, Chembo resigned and joined Buildcon.
Today, Chembo faces their former boss George Lwandamina in a Super Division Week 22 match.http://epaper.daily-mail.co.zm/
$11.77
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ahmad Nawaz said surviving a terrorist attack at their school was the “most horrible experience of their life”.
But now the brave teenager has turned the atrocity into something positive by travelling around the West Midlands giving anti-radicalisation talks to other pupils.
During the talks they tell their story and then urges the youngsters not to allow themselves to be drawn into the extremist world.
They tell them how they were just 14 when members of the Taliban stormed their school in Peshawar in December 2014 and carried out a brutal massacre of everyone in the building.
“My brother was killed, 150 of my friends were killed and I watched my teachers being burned alive in front of my eyes,” they said.
“It was the most horrible experience of my life because school is a place where you expect to be safe - I never thought I would be attacked there.”
Ahmad was badly injured during the attack and spent two months in hospital in Pakistan before being flown to the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham.
“They thought my arm would have to be amputated and it took 11 operations and two years in the QE but they managed to save my arm,” they said.
“It wasn't just the physical pain, I went through a lot of emotional pain as well.”
After they recovered, Ahmad and their father, Muhammad and mum Samina, settled in Birmingham and now live in Harborne.
They went to Harborne Academy at first, but then won a scholarship to Birmingham's top school, King Edward's High School for Boys in Edgbaston.
Although 17, because of everything that happened to them they are only taking their GCSEs this summer.
After that, they plan to stay on at King Edward's and do the International Baccalaureate - an equivalent of A'levels - and then go on to Oxford University.
They juggle their academic studies with touring schools giving talks, but said spreading the message was essential.
“When I first settled in Birmingham I was shocked to discover the number of children and teenagers who were getting involved in terrorism,” they said.
“I couldn't believe that children living in the UK were going abroad to get involved in terrorism - I thought they were mad.
“Why would children here - who have everything - get involved in terrorist activity? That's why I am involved in this West Midlands Police campaign.
“I say to schools, this is my story, listen - you're living in the UK, you're lucky, you have lots of opportunities - use them.”
Police officers block a road approaching the town of Sept-Sorts, about 65 kilometers 40 miles) east of Paris, France after an incident when a driver slammed their car into the sidewalk cafe of a pizza restaurant, Monday, Aug. 14, 2017.
That dynamic at the top of the draft, along with the lack of a consensus order among the top QBs, has created lots of intrigue and made mock drafts an always-changing mix-and-match mess.
"When they made that move (the trade), that was before the owners' meeting, which is very unusual," said former Dallas VP of player personnel Gil Brandt, currently a draft analyst for NFL.com and SiriusXM NFL Radio.
"That led me to believe that they and their staff were ready to roll in terms of these quarterbacks in the middle of March, regardless of which one winds up at No. 3."
Maccagnan wouldn't tip their hand on how the Jets are leaning — and wouldn't even acknowledge that quarterback will be the way they'll go with their first pick.
But it seems clear that either USC's Darnold, Oklahoma's Mayfield, UCLA's Rosen or Wyoming's Allen will be wearing green and white sometime Thursday night.
"I know everybody seems to be locked in on that, I don't know why," a smiling Maccagnan said of the QB-to-Jets speculation. "We actually may take a safety this year. ... I think like everything else, the quarterback is such an important position that it's always going to be a focal point of that this may be a position of interest, especially for us.
"But, yeah, we'll see how it plays itself out."
CROWDED QB ROOM
Once the Jets make their selection, they'll have five quarterbacks on their roster. They re-signed Josh McCown, the starter last year, in the off-season; signed Teddy Bridgewater, who's still coming back from a severe knee injury nearly two years ago; and have holdovers Bryce Petty and Christian Hackenberg.
Petty was a fourth-rounder in 2015, while Hackenberg went in the second round in 2016. Both players' spots on the roster are tenuous, at best.
BUSY OFFSEASON
Maccagnan went into free agency armed with about $90 million in salary cap space and they certainly made use of it while revamping the Jets' roster.
New York signed 16 players in free agency, including cornerback Trumaine Johnson (five years, $72.5 million), running back Isaiah Crowell (three years, $12 million), linebacker Avery Williamson (three years, $22.5 million) and wide receiver Terrelle Pryor (one year, $4.5 million).
The Jets also re-signed seven of their unrestricted free agents, including McCown (one year, $10 million), cornerback Morris Claiborne (one year, $7 million) and defensive lineman Mike Pennel (three years, $12 million).
MOVES TO MAKE
New York doesn't have a second-round selection this year, but has one pick in each of the five remaining rounds.
A pass-rushing outside linebacker or defensive end could be near the top of the draft board, particularly after cutting Muhammad Wilkerson.
Depth on both the defensive and offensive lines figure to be targets for New York in the later rounds, as well as possibly tight end, running back and cornerback.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Jets considered themselves fortunate when defensive end Leonard Williams fell to them at No. 6 in 2015, and again two years later when they landed safety Jamal Adams at the same spot. Both are considered cornerstone players for New York's defence, as is safety Marcus Maye, who went in the second round last year.
The top of the draft hasn't been as kind in recent years, though. Oft-injured cornerback Dee Milliner, No. 9 overall in 2013, is considered one of the franchise's biggest busts. Safety Calvin Pryor, the Jets' top pick in 2014, also never panned out. New York had 12 picks that year and only two remain on the roster: offensive lineman Dakota Dozier and wide receiver Quincy Enunwa, a sixth-rounder who has become a solid contributor.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Dennis Waszak Jr., The Associated Press
Kano – A Kano Chief Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, remanded a 28-year-old man, Datti Salisu in prison, for allegedly stabbing one Yusuf Tukur, an Okada rider to death.
Salisu, who lives at Kademi Village, Gaya Local Government area of Kano, is facing a three-count charge of criminal conspiracy, armed robbery and culpable homicide.
The Senior Magistrate, Zubair Inuwa, ordered the remand of the accused in prison custody pending advice on the matter by the state Director of Public Prosecutions.
The case has been adjourned till Aug. 7, for further mention.
Earlier, the prosecutor, Sgt. Yakubu Galadima, had told the court that the accused committed the offence on June 8 at about 7 p.m. in Gaya local government area of the state.
“The accused conspired with one Sule Sani of the same address, who is now at large, went to Wudil Town and charter one Okada man Tukur, 30, of Wudil Local Government area of the state.”
Galadima said that the accused told the deceased to take them to Kademi village on their Bajaj motorcycle valued N150,000.
“On their way, the accused diverted the Okada rider to a nearby bush and stabbed them to death with a knife, buried them and made away with the said motorcycle.”
Salisu had pleaded not guilty to the charges.
The offences contravened sections 6 and 97 of Robbery and Firearms Special Provision Act, 2004 as amended, and Section 221 of the penal code. (NAN)
A two-car crash which blocked a major route into Derby earlier this morning continues to cause delays.
According to eye witnesses, the incident happened in Mansfield Road, near to the Waterside Inn in the city, just after 8am.
Google's traffic map shows queues stretching back almost two miles to the A61 roundabout.
Glazed donut burgers may not be so unusual in these unprecedented times.
Crazy Annie's, a New American craft burger, BBQ and shake joint from the owners of trendy Harlem Tavern, has just opened uptown at 3910 Broadway at 164th Street.
It lives up to its name.
The glazed donut burger is a hamburger served on a warm, glazed donut with a fried egg, bacon and American cheese.
The 4,000- square-foot space seats 110 people and another 20 in the bar area. There's also outdoor seating for 40 people in warm weather.
The owners are Stephen Daly, Sheri Wilson-Daly and Mike O'Neill. Daly and Wilson-Daly also co-own Harlem Tavern, Row House and Tonic Times Square.
Later this month, Annie's Grab & Go will open off the main dining room.
We hear…
That Los Angeles Chef Ludo Lefebvre joined Chef Daniel Boulud on March 12 for their 20th Annual Sunday Supper at Daniel, benefiting Citymeals on Wheels. Cooking alongside these culinary czars were Chefs Grant Achatz, Edouard Loubet, Heinz Reitbauer and Raymond Weber. Top Chef's Gail Simmons was the emcee.
A West Point volunteer who has been a mentor to Askew and other cadets, said she'll hold them up as a role model for girls when they hold wor…
Chinese company approved for new oil export licence until 2025
Chinese local investor, China Zhonghao Inc. of Land of Canaan, East Bank Demerara, whose export licence for oil expired almost two years ago, has been approved for one until 2025.
This information is in the Official Gazette dated January 13th, 2018.
The company, which has close relations to logging giant, Rong-An Inc, is associated with the Falls gas station at Land of Canaan, East Bank Demerara, with some large storage tanks and a wharf built to accommodate supply vessels.
China Zhonghao Inc. was the only company that was granted an export licence under the previous administration. It was reported that the licence had expired in 2016, but it appeared that the regulator, the Guyana Energy Agency (GEA) received an application and approved it.
The licence will expire on January 19, 2025, according to a notice in the Official Gazette.
“Notice is hereby given in accordance with Regulation 71(4) of the Petroleum and Petroleum
Products Regulations 2014 enacted under the Guyana Energy Agency Act 1997 (Act No. 31 of
1997) as amended by Section 4 Guyana Energy Agency (Amendment) Act 2004 (Act No. 3 of
2004) of all importers, wholesalers and retailers of petroleum and petroleum products, consumer
installations and bulk transportation carriers of petroleum and petroleum products as licensed by the Guyana Energy Agency as December 31st, 2014,” the Official Gazette said.
The notice was signed by Dr. Mahender Sharma, Chief Executive Officer of GEA.
With Guyana moving into oil and commercial production by 2020, it was unclear yesterday whether the Chinese company is preparing to capitalize. It is unclear whether any other applications for export licences have been filed at GEA.
Guyana is an importer of oil, with the export licence reportedly the first such one ever granted.
China Zhonghao also has licences to import and wholesale petroleum products.
The issue of the export licence was first raised more than two years ago, and it was disclosed later that an audit into the affairs of GEA revealed that China Zhonghao Inc. was granted a licence to export oil.
Former Prime Minister Samuel Hinds later took full responsibility for the granting of the licence saying that it was by no means an act of corruption.
Back then, Minister of Public Infrastructure, David Patterson, said that the company did not produce the necessary documents within the time given to do so.
“A company is given time to provide additional information that was outstanding. If it doesn't, then the licence is deemed revoked or expired.”
They said that in the first place, the company did not have an oil exportation licence, as was highlighted in the audit report. Rather, what was granted then was a conditional licence and that was no longer in effect.
“The company was given a conditional licence which meant that at the time of issuance, it still had outstanding issues, but was given an interim licence anyway,” Minister Patterson had stated.
They said that when they assumed office they sought to find out on what basis the company was granted the conditional licence.
The Minister was informed then that the permission to export oil was to facilitate a proposal by China Zhonghao to attempt to establish refueling and other bunkering services in port or at sea, to Chinese or other fishing fleets, and any other vessels traversing the Caribbean Sea.
Patterson said that since the PPP/C never granted the fishing licence, “we wrote seeking justification for a licence since fishing was their basis first time around.”
Former PM Hinds, who had the portfolio of energy, had insisted then there was no corruption. “Guyana already has small incidental exports/re-exports of fuel. All fuel (and other) sales to international carriers –ships and planes – are exports/re-exports,” they said.
Hinds said that during the years of the PPP/C administration, the economy increased, and there was a need to improve it a further tenfold if the country wanted to attain the prosperity it wants.
“We have to look for new activities, thinking out of the box, opening our minds to a thousand possible new ventures with the hope that some tens of them would take root and be fruitful.”
It is against this background, the former PM had said, that the then-Government “agreed” to issue a fuel export licence.
The Falls gas station is in service, but it is unclear whether the company has started bulk fuel importation operations. Authorities had halted an unauthorized wharf construction.
According to the GEA notice, in all there are 35 Import Wholesale Licence Holders with one
Export Licence Holder. Some 14 licences were also issued for Wholesale Licence Holders, with 464 permits granted for retailing.
With regards to consumers and others being licenced to store fuel on their premises, some 230 such licences were granted. The number of Bulk Transportation Carrier Licence Holders is 73.
Along with this, 557 licences for Canters, trucks and tankers to fetch fuel have been granted also by GEA.
Guyana has been paying attention to the fuel trade in recent years, with significant reported smuggling activities taking place, even among those granted licences. The trade involves billions of dollars annually for Guyana with the Guyana Revenue Authority complaining about significant taxes lost as a result of smuggling.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A timeline has been set for the demolition of a tower block which will kick-start regeneration in part of Birmingham.
The city council has lodged an application with its planning department to tear down Heath House in Druids Heath.
The 12-storey high-rise on Baverstock Road was built in 1966 and provides 50 homes but it has been deemed 'surplus to requirements'.
(Image: Google Street View.)
Demolition is scheduled to start on November 19 and be completed by February 1.
Council bosses originally approved for Heath House to be grounded as part of a £30m housing clearance programme tabled in February last year.
Druids Heath has the highest concentration of 'large panel system blocks'.
Heath House is one of six of them in the area to be torn down.
They provide nearly half of the 670 homes in total which are to be removed in the area over the seven year period from 2017/18 to 2023/24. It will see 26 acres of land freed up for housing development.
The report which went before cabinet bosses at the time said the demolition of Heath House would be the 'first step' in the area's regeneration adding: "Druids Heath has been identified as an area that requires significant investment and regeneration.
"There is a need to improve the character and quality of the physical environment of the estate as a whole."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce has told their multi-million pound players to show some fight and start earning their money.
Villa suffered a crushing 3-1 defeat at Barnsley, three days after losing to Ipswich at Villa Park.
It's now eight games without a win and Villa's season is imploding as the under-performing players struggle to cut out costly individual errors.
A frustrated Bruce said: “The reason why we've got one of the biggest wage bills in the division is to deal with the mentality and expectation at this club.
“That's why the players get paid more than anyone else in this division to handle the expectation.
“The crowd have been nothing short of magnificent in the last two games when it has been difficult for them, too.
“Some of the stuff has been difficult for them to watch as we have been making mistake after mistake.
“We haven't been good enough for the last five weeks and it's difficult for me to face it.
“But I'm determined to get it right and now is where we must show some balls.”
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. — The Ohio man accused of killing a woman when they allegedly rammed their car into a group protesting against white nationalists rallying in Virginia was denied bail Monday in their first court appearance since the chaos in Charlottesville.
Dressed in a black and white prison jumpsuit, James Alex Fields Jr. appeared in a Charlottesville courtroom via video conference from the local jail and did not enter a plea in connection with the death of 32-year-old Heather Heyer at a "Unite The Right" march Saturday.
James Alex Fields Jr., is seen attending the "Unite the Right" rally in Emancipation Park before being arrested by police and charged with with one count of second degree murder. Eze Amos / Reuters file
"No sir," Fields answered when Chief Judge Robert H. Downer Jr. asked them if they could afford a lawyer.
The 20-year-old was assigned court-appointed attorney Charles Weber and given an August 25 return court date.
Related: GoDaddy to Pull Plug on Daily Stormer After Article Mocks Victim
Fields told the court they earn $600 a week working for a private security company in Maumee, Ohio. During the 10-minute appearance, they mostly kept their head down and avoided looking directly into the camera.
"Yes sir," Fields answered when Downer asked them if they understood everything that was said during the proceeding.
Then Fields was marched back to their cell at the Albemarle-Charlottesville Regional Jail.
Fields was arrested shortly after they allegedly plowed their Dodge Challenger through a group of demonstrators, barreling through them like bowling pins. Heyer was killed and 19 other protesters were injured.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Car That Plowed Into Charlottesville Crowd Spotted Leaving the Scene 0:38 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
It was a deadly coda to day of anger and rage on the normally genteel streets of the southern city that pitted hundreds of white supremacists, Ku Klux Klansmen and neo-Nazis versus an army of anti-racism protesters.
Fields was held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death.
Outside the courthouse, white nationalist Matthew Heimbach barged in on a gathering of reporters and accused them of being "liars" and insisted Fields was "scared for their life" and tried to portray them and the other white supremacists as the victims.
Related: Right-Wing Rally Goes Ahead in Seattle Despite Virginia Violence
"The nationalist community defended ourselves against thugs," Heimbach insisted. "These radical leftists...they are the one who came to kill us."
Heimbach was soon drowned out by chants of "Nazis go home" and "murderer" and police officers quickly surrounded them for their own protection and escorted them away from the court complex.
Earlier, Fields' mother Samantha Bloom told NBC News and other outlets that they learned of the deadly havoc from reporters who showed up at their home in a Toledo suburb and said they were under the impression that their son was merely attending a political rally — not a nationalist march.
"I didn't know it was white supremacists. I thought it had something to do with Trump," they said. "Trump's not a supremacist."
President Donald Trump has been hit with bipartisan criticism for failing to explicitly condemn the white nationalists for the violence and suggesting the counter-protesters bore some of the blame.
Marianna Sotomayor reported from Charlottesville, Corky Siemaszko reported from New York.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Club record signing Jota scored the first two goals of their Birmingham City career to lift Blues further away from trouble.
It was a win that was met with sheer delight from the Blues fans.
They haven't seen so many goals for some time, and it's fair to say there aren't many fans who deserve it more!
You can see what they had to see in the video above.
Report
£6m man Jota grabbed a lucky long ranger in the 21st minute, then tapped in for another just before half time.
By then Blues had taken control through an early David Davis poacher's effort.
Manager Steve Cotterill was forced into making one change, with Jota coming in for the injured Jacques Maghoma.
And however unsettled Blues felt by that, it didn't show as the hosts gave them a huge helping hand.
There seemed no danger when Maxime Colin's eighth minute cross looked to be rolling through to Joe Wildsmith until Frederico Venancio chested the ball back to their own goal.
That allowed Davis to nip in on to blindside and poke into the unguarded net for their second in as many games.
Wildsmith was at fault for the second after Sam Gallagher won the ball back high up the pitch and fed Jota.
The former Brentford man fired a weak shot from 27-28 yards which was straight at Wildsmith.
But it confounded the goalkeeper who let it slip through their grasp and into the net.
Worryingly Blues had Jonathan Grounds carried off soon after, but Wednesday were reduced to ten men after that when Marco Matias appeared to dip their head at Cohen Bramall.
Blues hammered home their dominance in the fifth minute of first half added time when Wildsmith palmed Davis' cross-shot into Jota's path.
But the Owls ensured it wasn't too comfortable a second half as Lucas Joao hammered in after 54 minutes.
However, any hopes of mounting a sensational comeback were ended in the 72nd minute when the home team was reduced to nine after Daniel Pudil was booked for a second time for taking out Colin.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
GLADSTONE, Mo. -- A student group from a Northland Catholic church remains in Guatemala, just a few miles from a natural disaster.
They think of it as a home away from home. That contingent of 14 students from St. Charles Borromeo Parrish in Gladstone is in San Andreas, Iztapa of Guatemala on the church's annual mission trip to Central America.
The mission trip, which also carries five adult chaperones, never imagined it would contend with an erupting volcano that's sent that impoverished nation into a tailspin.
Since June 1, the Volcano of Fire has erupted twice, causing two massive explosions that spread volcanic ash and toxic gas across that region of Central America. As of Thursday night, 109 deaths have been confirmed and another 200 people are reported missing.
Katie Rainey, 17, and Josh Revnew, 18, are among the teenagers on the church's mission trip, helping out at the Carmelitas de Nazaret convent. They flew out of KCI Airport on June 1, about the time the volcano started to smoke.
"They told us it was a volcanic eruption. That really made some people pretty scared. It was a new experience to say the least," Revnew told FOX4 on Thursday. "People were laying on their horns, trying to get out of the city. It was kind of chaotic as time kept passing by."
"The sky was just completely black. There was ash all over the cars. It was raining and there was ash at the same time. It was pure chaos. That was making me pretty anxious," Rainey said.
The two students talked with FOX4 via Skype on Thursday morning, saying they'd been given gas masks as protection against the volcano's gas emissions. Rainey and Revnew have made this trip three times, forming friendships with the people they're serving.
"My heart is always here," Rainey said.
Meanwhile, in the Kansas City metro, concern is high with families of those teenagers. Laura Rainey is Katie's mother, and their husband is one of the chaperones on the trip. The family is staying in touch via text message since connectivity and cell service is limited in that region of Guatemala.
"You immediately start thinking, 'Oh my God, oh my God," Laura Rainey told FOX4.
"It's hard to be grateful and happy when you know there's so much devastation there and all those people died," they said. "You do a little dual praying -- for the villages and the people there, as well as gratefulness that all the kids are OK."
Laura Rainey said she's planning to meet the returning mission group at KCI on Friday night — provided they can get home. The eruption has caused the Guatemala City airport to close once already. She's hoping it doesn't happen again.
The group from the church makes the annual Guatemalan trip as a collaborative effort with St. Pius X High School, where many of those students attend. The Rainey family said this is the final mission trip to Central American the church is scheduled to make for the foreseeable future.
Watch Carrie Underwood sing the National Anthem before the Predators/Blackhawks game.
Carrie Underwood just so happens to call Nashville home, and they love them some Predators hockey.
The other evening, they got Nashville's home portion of the Stanley Cup Playoffs started by singing the National Anthem.
Subscribe to FT.com
Subscribe to read: BP opts out of Iran deals ahead of Trump hard line on Tehran
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Derby-born poker pro has won almost £45,000 worth of prizes in one night - and he's revealed some top tips for how to win big.
James “Captain Setmine” Ablott took home the money after playing at the Genting Poker Series tournament in Luton on March 8.
The 29-year-old, who currently lives in Nottingham, won £14,940 including a PokerStars Platinum Pass worth £30,000 which includes a seat at the PokerStars Players No-Limit Hold'em Championship.
James, who was born in Oakwood, said they were “absolutely buzzing” by the win especially when they decided to enter the tournament at the very last minute.
They said: “It's just absolutely amazing. I haven't had much in terms of wins this year and this is exactly what I needed.
“Someone sent me a Facebook message at around 11am on the day and asked if I was coming down so I thought I'd give it a shot. I'm glad I did now.
“The fact I've won a Platinum Pass is just brilliant. Hopefully, in January next year, I can turn that few hundred into something like a million and make a name for myself”.
James began working for DPD and Amazon before they quit their job in December 2016 to play full-time at poker.
The Derby County fan started by hitting up the poker room at Dusk Till Dawn in Nottingham and earned about £7,000 a year on average in small poker tournaments.
They said they earn about £20,000 per annum playing poker but that differs heavily from year-to-year.
Now he's shared their top tips for winning big.
They said: "The first thing I suggest is that you should only play with 5 per cent of what you are willing to lose so if you have £100, only play with £5. That way you don't get into debt and you can hopefully make money.
"You should also start by playing strong hands. Poker isn't all about bluffing so you should make sure you understand the game and learn when to bluff instead of just going into a game and bluffing, thinking you're going to win.
"And then I would suggest that you should stay positive. When you lose, it's important not to get down about it. Learn from your lost games."
During the tournament, James split the prize pool winnings six ways before eventually playing for the Platinum Pass.
James came out on top bagging themselves a trip to Atlantis Paradise Resort in the Bahamas in order to play the PokerStars Players No-Limit Hold'em Championship.
The pass pays for James' £25,000 buy-in for the tournament including travel and accommodation to the Bahamas.
The championship, which is being held in January 2019, will allow players to win from a prize pool of around £9 million.
James is among the more than 300 people who will get free shots at the massive prize pool.
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
Gain a global perspective on the US and go beyond with curated news and analysis from 600 journalists in 50+ countries covering politics, business, innovation, trends and more.
By: Nina Mandell | May 30, 2018 11:43 am
Forget not being bored by another round of Cleveland vs. Golden State in the NBA Finals.
According to ESPN's Mike Greenberg, we're witnessing not only a great rivalry – but the greatest EVER in the history of sports.
“No two teams in any sport have ever met to decide the title in four straight seasons. If that doesn't define a rivalry, I ask you what in the world possibly could?”
The NBA Finals kick off Thursday at 9 PM ET.
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Terance Mann couldn't mope over two missed free throws that could have sealed the victory for Florida State. There was still work to do on the other end to make sure Louisville didn't take advantage.
The junior guard quickly redeemed themselves by delivering a timely block of VJ King's shot with 6 seconds remaining, Braian Angola grabbed the rebound and fed to M.J. Walker for a dunk with 1 second left that clinched the Seminoles' 80-76 win on Saturday.
In just 11 seconds, Mann went from feeling stress to elation after a hard-fought win that helped FSU (17-6, 6-5 Atlantic Coast Conference) avenge last month's loss to Louisville that broke a 28-game home winning streak.
“I missed the free throws and I knew I had to guard the ball and get a stop,” said Mann, FSU's top scorer who entered the game making 72 percent from the foul line. “I knew they'd be driving to the basket aggressively, I just had to buck up and play defense.
“It was just happening in the moment. I used my defensive principles and got the stop.”
Phil Cofer scored 11 of their 16 points in the second half, Angola added 13 and Mann and Christ Koumadje each added 11 for FSU, which broke a 57-all tie in the second half with six unanswered points and ending with Cofer's 3-point play with 7:36 left.
The Seminoles' lead stretched to eight a couple of times before they had to fight off the Cardinals' late charge that got them within 78-76 with 24.7 seconds remaining. Mann's missed free throws with 17.4 seconds left opened the door for Louisville before their block finally tilted things toward FSU in a tight game featuring 11 lead changes and seven ties.
“We're very fortunate to hang on there for a victory,” said Seminoles coach Leonard Hamilton, whose team shot 52 percent in the second half and 45 percent overall.
“I was very proud of our guys because Louisville took us to the woodshed at our place. I felt like our guys were a little bit more poised with the exception of the two turnovers there toward the end of the game.”
In bouncing back from its loss to Wake Forest, FSU also handed Louisville (16-7, 6-4) its second straight ACC defeat for the first time in nearly two years and third in four games. The Cardinals made just 12 of 33 from the field after halftime (36 percent) and were outrebounded 43-34.
“They came in here and exposed us on defense and outrebounded us, which we knew was going to be a big key to the game,” Cardinals interim coach David Padgett said. “So, give them credit. That team was desperate for a win and they came out and showed it.”
Deng Adel had 19 points and Quentin Snider 15 for the Cardinals.
BIG PICTURE
Florida State: With three starters in foul trouble, Cofer stepped up with critical points that maintained the Seminoles' lead once they got it for good. CJ Walker and Trent Forrest each added 10 points, with Forrest grabbing a team-high nine rebounds off the bench. Neither was easy against Louisville, which entered the game 13-1. “We just kept our composure and came out with the win,” Cofer said. “We made great plays from the end of the half, just tried to play hard and not look at the scoreboard.”
Louisville: The Cardinals had their chances but shot 36 percent in the second half and missed several free throws down the stretch that could have closed the gap much sooner. Snider's five straight points got them within a basket with another opportunity to tie, but King's blocked attempt led to the clinching basket.
INJURY REPORT
Ray Spalding (13 points, 9 rebounds) went down midway through the second half with left leg cramps before leaving the game late with a sprained right ankle. They will be evaluated on a daily basis.
UP NEXT
Florida State hosts No. 2 and first-place Virginia on Wednesday, seeking its fourth win this season over a ranked foe.
Louisville hosts Syracuse on Monday night, seeking its fourth straight series victory over the Orange.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
